{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269691", "title": "Churchill owes apology to Church authorities: AGCMF", "text": "PANAJI: All Goa Catholic Minority Front (AGCMF) has condemned the statement made by former PWD minister and Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao, blaming the Church for the Congress' and his own defeat at the assembly polls. Terming the statement as baseless, the AGCMF has demanded that Churchill should tender a public apology to the Church authorities and the people of Goa.'He (Alemao) blames the Church for his defeat in the assembly elections where he and his family members were routed, and that 80% of the clergy worked against the Congress. Such baseless comments should not have come from such a leader who has shown his frustration on losing the elections. Alemao should have gracefully accepted the mandate of the people who vented their anger and sought for a change. Alemao should give a public apology to the Church authorities and the people of Goa at large,' states a press release issued by Barnabe Sapeco and Eddie Fernandes , convenors of AGCMF on Thursday.'The AGCMF welcomes the statement made by chief minister Manohar Parrikar that he would get the dates changed for Iffi which coincides with the novenas of St Francis Xavier , a demand made by the Church authorities and other religious leaders as the film festival was clashing with the feast of our patron saint of Goa,' the press release stated.The AGCMF also condemned the desecration of the cemetery and kabrastan at Curchorem. 'The minorities acted wisely, did not get carried away and showed restraint which should be respected by all sections of society. AGCMF urges the government and the police authorities to act fast and nab the culprits who are trying to destroy the secular fabric of Goa for their selfish ends,' the press release stated. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12276956", "title": "Kay Kay Menon the dedicated actor", "text": "After \"4084\", Kay Kay Menon will be next seen playing the character of a business tycoon in K Sera Sera's Productions \"Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi\".While shooting for a sequence in the film, Kay Kay Menon once climbed to the 28th floor of a building as the lift wasn't working that day. A very important sequence had to be shot on the terrace of this 28th storied building close to Haji Ali and the rights for the shoot were only available for that particular day, the director Rakesh Mehta intended to capture Haji ali from the terrace in which Kay Kay Menon is looking towards Haji Ali in a pensive mood.Unfortunately the same day Lift stopped working that is when Kay Kay suggested that the unit takes the stairs, instead of waiting for the lift to be fixed, because we don't know how much time it will take. Though by the time everybody reached the terrace they were dead tired but still Rakesh Mehta cannot stop raving about Kay Kay's dedication and his fitness, as Kay Kay was the first one to reach the terrace, followed by other cast and crew. Kay Kay Menon is a fitness freak and does regular exercise for stamina building and took it as an exercise. The entire unit of the film has become fan of KK and his dedication towards his work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268373", "title": "Pakistan used ceasefire to build bunkers: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has lodged protests with Pakistan over it using the ongoing ceasefire to shore up its military infrastructure all along the border, which includes new bunkers, towers and border outposts (BoPs).\"The government is aware through intelligence inputs that Pakistan has constructed and carried out repairs of bunkers, morchas (open bunkers) and towers,'' defence minister A K Antony said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.The new Pakistan border infrastructure that has come up between 2004 and 2011 includes 886 bunkers, 261 morchas, 398 towers and 143 BoPs. \"Protests have been lodged with Pakistan Rangers and flag meetings of field commanders have been held in all cases. The matter is also taken up by BSF with Pakistan Rangers during scheduled meetings at various levels,'' he said.India has deployed \"adequate'' troops, suitably supplemented by appropriate surveillance and technical intelligence resources, \"to ensure sanctity of the border'' and counter Pakistan's moves, he added.After decades of regularly exchanging fire and conducting artillery duels, India and Pakistan in November 2003 declared a joint ceasefire along the 198-km International Border in Jammu and Kashmir , the 778-km Line of Control and the 150-km Actual Ground Position Line in the Siachen Glacier-Saltoro Ridge region. Since then, even though there have been several minor violations, the overall ceasefire has by and large held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270501", "title": "Two new towing cranes to catch parking offenders", "text": "NAGPUR: Beware four-wheeler drivers! Don't park your car and other four wheelers in no parking areas, congested roads and busy market areas. Reason: The city traffic police have inducted two new hydraulic towing cranes in its fleet and have decided to initiate action against illegal parking, from Thursday.DCP (Traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade said that after the two existing vehicle towing cranes pulled off the roads due to lack of maintenance, the parking chaos has worsened in city. Roads of major commercial centres like Ramdaspeth, Central Bazar road, West High Court road, Sitabuldi, Mahal and Sadar markets, have become narrow due to vehicles parked out road side, creating traffic jams here.Now, these two newly inducted vans will not only tow the four-wheelers but the people violating traffic norms will have to pay Rs1,200 to 1,400 (including towing charges and fine) for releasing vehicle from cops, Dabhade added.\"The parking in Ramdaspeth, Central Bazar Road and West High Court road is so mismanaged that it is difficult to make people aware about parking vehicles,\" said senior traffic cop Avinash More. So to clear the traffic jam in busy congested areas, these two vehicles will make continuous rounds in such areas round the clock, More said.Meanwhile, a senior NIT official said that soon more parking slots will come up in prominent spots including Bajaj Nagar Square, opposite RTO on Amravati Road and opposite Gorakshan Trust in Dhantoli, to relieve people from traffic congestion and parking woes.NIT has decided to build five multi-level parking plazas in Central Avenue. It is already making a multi-level parking complex near Eternity mall, Sitabuldi and two parking plazas would come up near Geetanjali Talkies and at Dosar Bhavan Square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "12271114", "title": "Board exams from today", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: Besides invigilators, video cameras will also keep an eye on students appearing for the class X and XII board exams that begin on Thursday. The Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education (RBSE) has decided to conduct videography in examination centers in eight sensitive districts.\"We want exams to be conducted in a fair manner and so are making best arrangements for the same. Learning from past experiences, the board has deployed extra workforce of home guards at nodal centers. In total, 264 flying squads have been deployed for surprise checks. For the centers only for girls, female flying squads will operate in eight divisions of the state,\" said Subhash Garg, chairman, RBSE.To restrict hi-tech cheating by using mobile phones, the board organized special workshops for examination superintendents. The use of mobile phones will be restricted in the periphery of 100 meters of the examination centers when the exam is on and even photocopying machines will remain closed.After the completion of the exam, the answer sheets will be sent to the headquarters on the same day and all necessary transportation arrangements have been made for the same. Similarly, for any other help at examination centers and for teachers on examination duty, a control room has been established which will operate from 6 am to 12 midnight.\"Our arrangements are fool-proof. Teachers who are found involved in malpractices will be suspended right there. Students who are found cheating will be punished under the provision of the Rajasthan Public Examination (Prevention of Unfair Means) Act 1992. District administration has also been apprised to make all security arrangements for the examination,\" added Garg.The board is also in the process to expedite the evaluation process so that results for the examination can be issued at the earliest. \"We have asked all the evaluators to pick up their copies within three days otherwise they will be transferred to someone else. Our aim is to come out with the results as soon as possible,\" said Garg.Students, who have not received their admission cards so far, can also download it from the RBSE website www.rajeduboard.nic.in. All the other details of the examination like timetable, center, enrollment number and result will be made available on the site.Board exams for senior secondary and secondary classes are beginning from March 15 and 22 respectively. Around 6 lakh 89 thousand students will appear for exams this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12271485", "title": "Risk of \u2018cultural revolution\u2019 if no reforms: Wen", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese premier Wen Jiabao on Wednesday warned his Communist colleagues that the dark days of the Cultural Revolution (1966-76 ) would return if political restructuring wasn't carried out in real earnest.Wen said much of the economic advancement achieved by China would come undone if political restructuring did not take place. His warning is bound to cause a stir in the Chinese industry because the Cultural Revolution had tried to purge the country of all capitalist elements . \"Without a successful political structural reform, it's impossible for us to fully institute economic structural reform and the gains we have made in this area may be lost,\" Wen said.It was apparent that Wen was using his last press conference before completing the 10-year term early 2013 to convey some important message to hardcore sections within the party opposed to political reforms. \"New problems that have cropped up in China's society will not be fundamentally resolved and such historical tragedy as the Cultural Revolution may happen again,\" he emphasized. Giving a rare glimpse into the ongoing changes within the Communist Party, Wen said he would continue to work for political reforms even after his retirement.The premier reminded the Communist cadre of the mistakes committed by the Gang of Four - Mao Zedong's wife and her supporters who carried out atrocities in 1976 - while laying down the need for political restructuring.\"After the crackdown on the Gang of Four, our party adopted the resolution on several historical matters and took the important decision of conducting reform and opening in China. However, the mistake of Cultural Revolution and impact of feudalism is yet to be fully eliminated ,\" he said.\"As the economy continues to be developing, new problems like income disparities , lack of credibility and corruption have occurred. We must press ahead with economic and political structural reforms, particularly reform in the leadership system of our party and country ,\" he said. These won't succeed without the \"consciousness , support, enthusiasm and creativity\" of the Chinese people, Wen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270485", "title": "High court stays confiscation of former DGP's assets", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday granted relief to former DGP Narayan Mishra by staying the vigilance court's order of February 1 to confiscate his assets which were allegedly disproportionate to his known sources of income. The order was passed by a single bench of the high court presided over by Justice Mandhata Singh.The special vigilance judge, Ramesh Chandra , had earlier ordered the Patna DM to confiscate the assets of Mishra and his five family members, who have been charged with accumulating unaccounted assets worth Rs 1.4 crore. The vigilance court had ordered confiscation of the assets of Mishra, his wife Kanchan Mishra, two sons Satyabrat Mishra and Subrat Mishra and two daughters-in-law Pooja Mishra and Rita Mishra within one month of the receipt of the court directive. This was challenged by Mishra in Patna high court.It may be recalled that a DA case was lodged by the special vigilance unit (SVU) against Mishra in 2007. His unaccounted assets included a four-storied building at Rukunpura, Patna, a flat at Rukunpura along with a plot measuring 1,352 sq ft, two plots each of 5,440 sq ft at Nepali Nagar in Digha, Patna, and two plots of 21.5 decimals at Hazaribagh in Jharkhand. The vigilance unit had also found that Mishra was investing in stocks and shares in a big way.Mishra, a native of Odisha and a 1969-batch IPS officer, was the state DGP in 2004-05 during RJD regime. He was the sixth serving public servant against whom the process of confiscation of disproportionate assets was initiated under the Bihar Special Courts Act, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269667", "title": "MCD Polls: No Cong ticket for dissidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: All Congress leaders who may have turned dissident candidates at some point as well as those aspirants who have lost after garnering fewer than 1,000 votes in the last MCD polls, can count themselves out of the race for tickets. The Congress has also decided to hand out ticket for a ward only to those who live there. The election rules this time aim at preventing a rerun of the disastrous 2007 elections where the Congress lost to the BJP.The Congress plans to bring out the first list of candidates by March 20. The election committees for all the seven parliamentary constituencies in the capital concluded their meetings on Wednesday. They drew up lists of prospective candidates who can be given tickets for their wards.AICC conveners from the seven election committees will submit a final list for all 272 wards to the apex committee, which has among others DPCC president J P Aggarwal and chief minister Sheila Dikshit, after discussion. With nomination for the municipal polls to begin from March 19, the Congress is planning to release its first list of candidates by March 20. The Congress this time is clear only those candidates who live in the ward will be eligible for a ticket. The Congress brass had admitted that improper distribution of tickets and infighting cost the party dearly and paved the way for BJP's victory.The party leadership also feels that poor selection of candidates was to blame for BSP's win in certain wards and its good showing in some of the other wards. Experts point out that the Congress had erred last time by giving tickets for wards to a quite a few candidates who were non-residents.The BJP aims to declare its list of candidates by early next week. Sources said the first list will decide the fate of sitting councillors. The list will also name candidates for wards where there is no scope for disagreement on choice of candidates.Delhi BJP state president Vijender Gupta said the election committee will have a meeting in the next few days to take a decision. Gupta pointed out that selections at the grass-roots level have already thrown up 2,500-odd names of eligible BJP leaders and workers. The election committee will also go through this list to select the best of the lot, he added.The BJP has also hired an agency to carry out a random survey of all the wards for assessing the mood of the public and weigh the caste, class and socio-political factors in each ward. Sources said this will help choosing the best candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271570", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to be sworn-in as Uttar Pradesh chief minister today", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was in 1994 that Akhilesh, then around 20, was clicked with his chief minister father Mulayam Singh Yadav for the first time ever during a special photo shoot for a news magazine. A little over 18 years later, Akhilesh will be clicked with Mulayam once again on Thursday, but with a difference. This time it will be their first ever photograph with Akhilesh as CM. What will however remain unchanged , is the venue: Akhilesh will take his oath of office at a grand function on the La Martiniere College grounds, exactly the same spot where their photoshoot was done in 1994.What will make the show more special will be a host of country's top political personalities, including L K Advani, former Andhra Pradesh chief minister Chandra Babu Naidu and Janata Dal (United) president Sharad Yadav, turning up for the ceremony. Industrialist Anil Ambani , Bollywood icon Amitabh Bachchan and a host of VIPs will also witness history as it is made when Akhilesh will become the youngest ever CM of Uttar Pradesh. Though invitations were also sent to Mamata Banerjee and Jayalalita, both of them have are unlikely to turn up.Though political analysts started reading into the list of invitees, party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said invitations have been sent to almost all the chief ministers and MPs. He denied that leaders of only a select few political parties were being invited for the function. After Akhilesh is sworn in, some recently elected Samajwadi Party (SP) MLAs will also be administered the oath of office. In the absence of any specific information over the number of MLAs slated to take oath of office, speculations were rife that the count can be anything between 10 and 20. 'Initially, cabinet will be small'Party insiders told TOI that only two other senior SP leaders are sure to take oath: Azam Khan and Shivpal Yadav. Over the next few days, the party will deliberate on the final shape and size of the cabinet. While Azam is seen as the Muslim face of SP and has been a colleague of Akhilesh's father Mulayam Singh Yadav, Shivpal is the latter's younger brother. These were the two leaders who had reportedly expressed their displeasure over Akhilesh being made the chief minister primarily because both of them have long political careers and were undoubtedly very senior to Akhilesh in all respects. Both of them later agreed to become a member of the youngest chief minister's cabinet.Initially the party had planned to shortlist some 20 MLAs to be administered the oath of office along with Akhilesh. However, despite a series of marathon meetings, the party leadership failed to reach a consensus on the top 20 names till late in the evening.The swearing-in ceremony is slated to take place at 11:30 am after which Akhilesh will directly leave for the CM office at Annexe and later address the media at 5 Kalidas Marg, the official residence of the CM. Hectic preparations were under way at the venue of the swearing-in ceremony where a concrete structure has come up to serve as a stage. The estate department has already allotted a fleet of 7 cars, one ambulance, a wireless/cellphone jammer mobile and escort vehicles that will comprise the initial CM's fleet.\"Our cabinet will be a smaller one to begin with, but let me assure everyone that each and every community and region will find adequate representation in the cabinet which will also be a mix of experienced hands and young first-timers ,\" Akhilesh told reporters on Wednesday. He, however, refused to comment on the count of MLAs who would take the oath of office along with him. SP workers and leaders from West Bengal and Mumbai had reached Lucknow on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273671", "title": "Rare postal tribute to the Indian woman\u2019s journey", "text": "For the first time in Indian postal history, Dept of Posts, Maharashtra and Goa, hosts exhibition charting achievements of womenFor the first time in Indian postal history, the Department of Posts, Maharashtra and Goa, is hosting an exhibition commemorating the journey of Indian women, on the occasion of International Women's Day. The imposing 99-yearold building of the General Post Office at Fort, is the venue for the philatelic exhibition which began on Wednesday.On display are about 200 rare and ancient stamps, first day covers (envelopes designed to commemorate the first day of special events) and special covers (envelopes commemorating special events, institutions or persons).While the exhibition also features Indian women before independence, there is special emphasis on the journey of Indian women after independence. It also reminds one of contemporary names like PAN AM flight attendant Neerja Bhanot who gave up her life while saving passengers from terrorists. There is a special cover as well as a stamp in her honour. Another contemporary personality honoured is the fiery Dnyanpeeth awardee Ashapurna Devi whose writings bring out the pain, ideals and dreams of women.The exhibition is divided into interesting categories. One such category is social reformers and activists who empowered women. This includes Swami Vivekanand, Mahatma Jyotiba Phule and his wife Savitribai Phule who pioneered women's education in India, and women's rights activist Ramabai Ranade. There are also categories which include warrior queens, and women in paintings, folk dance and cinema. Tributes to women in cinema include those for actresses like Devika Rani, Kanan Devi and Madhubala. There are also stamps on the paintings of Jamini Roy and Nandalal Bose. Maharashtra's popular folk dance lavani is commemorated on a special cover. The oldest stamp on display is one issued in 1952 on Meerabai.The exhibition also traces International Woman's day celebrations, and pays rich tributes to women like Hellen Keller and Eleanor Roosevelt .\"We thought of this exhibition to celebrate International Woman's day, which is on March 8. But we decided to host it later, as this year Holi was on that day and a weekend followed it. We wanted to host it for the benefit of a wider audience,\" said Chief Post Master General, Maharashtra and Goa, Humera Ahmed.The exhibition was put up with help from the staff of the Postal Women's Welfare Organisation.\"The exhibition is unique in the sense that not only it is the first such dedicated to women organised by the Indian Post, but it has a powerful theme: connecting girls, inspiring futures. A special cover with a picture of a girl riding on a pencil that takes off like a rocket was released on Wednesday, to show how women are being empowered through education and the internet,\" says Abha Singh, director, Postal Services, (HQ). Ahmed feels the exhibition will be an eye opener and a revelation on the spirit of womenhood.On Thursday, there is a short play on women by postal staff at the exhibition venue. Prizes will be distributed for rangoli that is being exhibited along with the stamps, as well as for an essay competition on 'My vision of a woman' which was for postal employees in Maharashtra.The exhibition is on till Saturday.Sudeshna.Chatterjee @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269277", "title": "2 child marriages averted in Kananwadi village", "text": "NASHIK: Childline 1098, Nashik, rescued two minor girls from being married off by their parents at Kananwadi (Khed-Bhairav) in Igatpuri tehsil, on Saturday, with the help of the rural police.On March 8, Childline received a call from an unidentified lady that one Eknath Dhupekar was getting his daughters aged 13 and 17 married on March 11. Acting on the tip off, volunteers of the NGO, Hemant Bhamre, Bharati Bagul, Atul Dangle and Sachin Shiral informed about it to the deputy superintendent of rural police, Rafiq Shaikh who immediately sent a fax to the Ghoti Police station. \"He also phoned the Ghoti police and instructed them to take the necessary action after verifying the information,\" said Hemant Bhamre.The volunteers of Childline informed that they met Asst PI Mahekar and discussed the matter with him. \"We went to Kananwadi and interacted with the villagers. We got it confirmed that the girls were minor. We discussed everything with the Ghoti police on Friday and decided to meet the next morning at 9.00 a.m. Along with a police sub inspector Shivaji Mistri and his men we met the villagers who had gathered there and they agreed that the girls were minor,\" said Bhamre. He said that he and Mistri explained the harmful effects of child marriage and also explained the legalities regarding the offence.\"After that we went to the girls' house and had elaborate discussions with their parents. The villagers also convinced the parents and they gave it in written that the wedding has been cancelled. The villagers also gave in written that the wedding has been cancelled and that in future no child marriage would take place in the village,\" said Bhamre.Copies of the documents given by the parents and the villagers have been submitted to the police and the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12270079", "title": "Rail Budget: Gifts for Karnataka", "text": "* A coach-manufacturing unit in Kolar* 'Safety village' in Bangalore for developing disaster-management skillsNew trains announcedExpress* Yeshwantpur-Kochuveli AC Express (weekly)* Bangalore-Chennai AC Double-Decker Express (daily)* Bidar-Secunderabad Inter-City Express (6 days a week)* Yeshwantpur-Indore Express (weekly)* Yeshwantpur-Puri via Visakhapatnam, Garib Rath (weekly)* Mysore-Sai Nagar-Shirdi via Bangalore, Bellary (weekly)* Yeshwantpur-Solapur via Gulbarga (tri-weekly)Passenger* Mysore-Shravanabelagola (daily)* Mysore-Chamarajnagar (daily)* Mysore-Birur via Arasikere (daily)Route extended* Palakkad-Mangalore Express to Coimbatore* Bangalore-Shimoga Express to Talaguppa* Yeshwantpur-Dadar Express to Puduchery (3 days)* Mangalore-Thiruvanathapuram Express to Nagercoil* Bangalore-Bangarpet Passenger to Marikuppam* Bangarapet-Krishnarajapuram Passenger to MarikuppamIncrease in frequency* Hyderabad-Kolhapur Express (2 to 4 days)* Chennai-Mangalore Express (6 to 7 days)* Yeshwantpur-Solapur Express (3 to 7 days)* Bangalore-Kochuveli (3 days to daily)* Mysore-Bangalore passenger (6 to 7 days)* Bangalore-Arasikere passenger (6 to 7 days)* Bangalore-Hindupur passenger (6 to 7 days)New lines to be completed 2012 -13* Gulbarga-Sultanpur* Raichur-Gadwal* Kanivehalli-Chikmagalur* Hirisave-ShravanabelagolaProjects sent to planning commission for appraisal* Dharwad-Belgaum* Gadag-Haveri* Gadag-Wadi* Krishnarajnagar-Kushalnagar* Chikkaballapur-Puttaparthy* Srinivasapur-MadanapalliNew line surveys to be taken up this year* Haveri-Sirsi* Rail link to connect Dandeli to Hubli-Ankola line* Shimoga-Shikaripur-Ranebennur* Madhugiri-GouribidanurGauge conversions to be completed in 2011-12* Kolar-Chintamani* Chikkaballapur-ShidlaghattaGauge conversions in 2012-13* Chintamani-ShidlaghattaDoubling works to be completed in 2011-12* Ramanagarm-Channapatna* Maddur-Hanakere* Ballakere-Birur* Birur-Ajjampur (part)Doubling works in 2012-13* Channapatna-Shettihalli* Hanakere-Mandya* Mandya-eliyur* Nagavangala-Ajjampur* Ajjampur-ShivaniRailway electrification* Hospet-Guntakal and Toranagallu-Ranjitapura* Londa-Miraj-Pune, including Miraj-Kolhapur* Hospet-Hubli-Gadag* Mysore-Hassan-Mangalore (including Hassan -Arasikere)* Bangalore-Tumkur-Hubli-Londa-Vasco Da Gama (including Talaguppa-Birur)* Chikkajajur-BellaryUpgrading stations* Almatti, Badami, Haveri, SiddapurFunds allocatedNEW LINES - Rs 162 croreGUAGE CONVERSION - Rs 42.5 croreDOUBLING - Rs 299 croreELECTRIFICATION - Rs 105.28 croreTOTAL - Rs 608.78 croreBudget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269245", "title": "Parties, leaders try on last-minute alliances", "text": "NASHIK: Political lobbying peaked on Wednesday on the eve of the mayoral elections, with leaders of all political parties holding inter-party and intra-party parleys to discuss various permutations and combinations in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), in which no political party has a clear mandate.Despite speculation about the BJP supporting the MNS, local Shiv Sena leaders were adamant about contesting the mayoral polls, notwithstanding its post-poll ally - the BJP - taking any stand.\"The Shiv Sena will contest the mayoral polls in any condition. We already have pre-poll alliance with RPI (A) and a post-poll alliance with the BJP. We also have the support of a group of six Independents and Janrajya Aghadi, with two seats,\" former Nashik district president of Shiv Sena, Sunil Bagul, told TOI.When asked whether the Sena would support the MNS, he said, \"Our leader, Uddhav Thackeray, had already announced that the party would support MNS if it sought help from it. But the MNS has still not approached the Shiv Sena in this connection. Hence, there is no question of supporting MNS,\" he said.When contacted, Nashik district chief of RPI (A), Prakash Londhe said, \"We already have a pre-poll alliance with Shiv Sena and we will be allies during the mayoral polls.\"The recently held NMC elections have thrown up a fragmented mandate. No single party or alliance has received the mandate. The MNS emerged as the single largest party, winning 40 seats, while the Shiv Sena-RPI (A) alliance got 22 seats. The Congress-NCP combine won 35 seats, the BJP, 14, while Independents won 6 seats, CPM won 3 seats and Janrajya Aghadi got 2 seats. Local BJP leaders were in Mumbai for a meeting with their seniors on the issue and were not available for comment.Congress MLC Jaiprakash Chhajed said that his party had submitted nomination papers for the deputy mayor's post, while their ally, the NCP, submitted nominations for the mayoral chair. \"The BJP is still confused about supporting the MNS at the local level ... Shiv Sena's stand is also not clear. We had a meeting today with MP Sameer Bhujbal, Uttam Kamble and Jayant Jadhav. CPM leaders Tanaji Jaibhave and DL Karad were also present. Congress will not support Shiv Sena or BJP. It is against the policy. Any party can support Independent candidates for mayoral post. Our alliance may take the help of CPM and Independents. Our stand will be clear only after a meeting in the evening,\" he said.MNS MLA Vasant Gite expressed confidence that the mayor would be from his party. He said the MNS has two eligible candidates -Yatin Wagh and Shashikant Jadhav. On support from other parties to attain the magic figure of 62, he said, \"BJP will be supporting us, Shiv Sena would be in opposition.\"A senior leader of the NCP, however, said that the mayor would be from the Shiv Sena. He refused to comment on the possible permutations and combinations needed to reach the required figure in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12274799", "title": "Arunachal MP accuses AIIMS of caste bias", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh MP Takam Sanjoy has accused the AIIMS authority of \"constant caste discrimination and humiliation\" which led to the suicide of MBBS student Anil Kumar Meena on March 3 in New Delhi.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Sanjoy urged him to order a judicial probe by a retired Supreme Court or high court judge to grant justice to the bereaved family from the Scheduled Tribe.Pointing out that Meena came from a backward rural area of Rajasthan, he said he was a bright student having an excellent academic career.His only problem was lack of knowledge of English which he tried to overcome by seeking the help of the faculty.\"Instead of helping him, he was repeatedly humiliated and not granted any audience. This biased behaviour of the faculty and administration (which) drove him to commit suicide is a serious act of human right violations,\" Sanjoy wrote in the letter.Caste and language-based discrimination with the SC &amp; ST students has been highlighted several times earlier, but no proper enquiry was initiated to give justice to the aggrieved, Sanjoy, who is also the convener of All India Forum of ST MPs, said in the letter, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "12270761", "title": "'Innovative' cheats busted, four arrested by police", "text": "THANJAVUR: Is your family member working abroad? If so, be cautious when you receive a phone call asking for money to prevent them from enduring any hardship. An incident which took place in Thanjavur recently has made families of persons working abroad alert.In this case, the modus operandi seemed to be novel. N Subramanian of Sevarakottai in Thanjavur district, the leader of a gang, used to call up the family members of those working abroad and pretend to be their son/husband/brother asking for money immediately to pay customs duty on foreign goods worth many lakhs at a nearby airport. The gang has so far cheated people of Rs 6.5 lakh and 15 sovereigns of gold in six cases in Trichy, Thanjavur, Pudukkottai, Perambalur and Madurai.In this connection, K Jayalakshmi (65) of Pallavanam village in Thanjavur lodged a complaint with the Thanjavur police that she had received a phone call on a landline on December 15, 2011, from someone who pretended to be her son K Rajesh in Singapore . He asked for money immediately as he \"got stuck in Trichy airport customs\" while returning home with foreign goods worth many lakhs. Then, he asked her to come to Vallam in Thanjavur with cash or jewels and hand it over to one N Raja. On the same day, with the intention to save her son, she rushed to Vallam and gave Rs 20,000 cash and 8\u00bc sovereigns of gold ornaments.Next day she called up her son Rajesh asking whether he got rid of the problem. Her son got confused and denied asking for money. Then she realized that she was taken for a ride. As she was innocent, she did not take up this issue with the police for about two months. Finally, she lodged a complaint with the Thanjavur superintendent of police Anil Kumar Giri on February 27, 2012.Taking cognisance of her complaint, the SP formed a special team comprising inspectors Justin Prabakaran, Abdul Rahim, sub-inspector Siddharthan and others to nab the culprits. The team managed to arrest Raja and Subramanian on February 29. Based on his confession, they arrested his accomplices R Madhavan and R Selvam of Peravurani. All of them were remanded in custody. Further investigations revealed that they applied the same trick in five other cases and cheated people of cash and gold. Madhavan and Selvam, who are relatives of Subramanian, acted as insurance agents and gathered information about innocent people. On getting the information, Subramanian and Raja executed plans to cheat such people.The police have recovered 12\u00bd sovereigns of gold and Rs 3.96 lakh from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273317", "title": "Abhishek Bachchan teams up with Ekta Kapoor", "text": "Abhishek Bachchan is gearing up for the biggest challenge of his career. He will be playing the solo hero in an action film to be produced by Ekta Kapoor . This would be the kind of hi-tech action thriller that belongs to the Bourne Identity-Dhoom genre.Says a source close to Abhishek, \"Ekta sees illimitable untapped potential in Abhishek specially as an action hero.In fact not since Vidya Balan has she got so much faith in any actor to deliver the goods.\"Apparently the czar of Balajee films has requested Abhishek to keep the second-half of 2012 free for the action film.Says the source, \"Abhishek has spent the first few months of 2012 completely immersed in Bol Bachchan. He now needs time to prepare Ekta's film. There's also 'Dhoom 3' which requires intense preparation. But it's Ekta's film for which Abhishek is getting into sinewy shape. For the first time he would be going bare-chested for Ekta's film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270751", "title": "Parking fee may go up two-fold", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After some days, you might have to shell out more to park your vehicle in the municipal corporation (MC) parking lots. For, the civic body will take up the parking fee hike issue, along with revising terms and conditions for the lots' upkeep, in the March-end meeting of finance and contracts committee.The city residents, however, wonder if the hike will bring along better facilities. MC is drafting a proposal to increase the parking fee of two-wheelers from Rs 2 to Rs 5 and of four-wheelers from Rs 5 to Rs 10. The civic body has reportedly not increased the parking fee for over eight years and in the recent meetings, both Chandigarh administration as well as the UT police have asked it to hike it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12269076", "title": "BJP wants probe into urban department deals", "text": "MUMBAI: In the backdrop of land scams which have rocked the state government in the recent past, the state BJP has demanded a thorough probe of all decisions taken by the urban development (UD) department during the tenure of the past three Congress chief ministers. The repercussions of the demand, raised during a tea party hosted by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday, is likely to be felt over the course of the legislative session beginning on Thursday. \"We will disrupt the proceedings of the upcoming session if our demand is not met,\" said leader of the opposition in the council Vinod Tawde.During the budget session, the opposition is likely to raise the recent cases of land mismanagement, mostly highlighted by the HC. These will include the alleged illegal allotment to film institute Whistling Woods, the case of Hiranandani and the Adarsh scam, among other land deals currently under the judiciary's scanner. In the case of Hiranandani, the court had observed that land was given on lease to the builder to build houses for the poor, but societies and malls were constructed in violation of norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270458", "title": "After wards, corporators face fight for NMC office rooms", "text": "NAGPUR: With new body assuming charge in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), political parties are back with their demands for separate offices in the main building at Civil Lines. The first battle between the administration and office bearers is likely to be on the issue in the coming days.Traditionally, the administration uses to allot office rooms with attendants and other facilities, like landline phone, ante chamber etc, to leader of ruling party and opposition group, apart from mayor, deputy mayor, and chairman of standing committee. However, in the last tenure, BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi had managed to allot office rooms to seven political parties; NCP, Shiv Sena, Lokmanch, BSP, RPI Aghadi, independents, and Muslim League. The chairpersons of five consultative committees too had got rooms for the first time. Smaller parties like Muslim League with just one corporator were also given a common office room.The rooms had been allotted by shifting out some NMC officials and their staff. Some officers like deputy director (audit) and sports and cultural officer were adjusted by constructing a cabin in some related department. Recently, when the code of conduct was in force, the administration had allotted the party offices to a few officials and staff of some senior officials.The NMC administration has now proposed to allot only two rooms, one for male corporators and other for female corporators.As expected, political parties have started pressuring the officials to get their office rooms back. The BSP office room had been reserved for female corporators. However, BSP corporators have removed the board and unilaterally occupied that room.BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye told TOI, \"12 corporators of BSP have been elected, making the party third largest in NMC. Citizens will come to visit corporators with their issues. An official room is required to attend to the citizens and a place to sit for corporators.\"Similarly, Shiv Sena group leader Bandu Talwekar has submitted a memorandum to mayor Anil Sole and leader of ruling party Praveen Datke to allot the party's office room back.The Muslim League, now with two corporators, too is demanding its room back. This room is presently allotted to sports and cultural office.Though the administration seems to be firm on its stand, officials concerned have failed to remove the pictures of political leaders from the rooms. For example, sports and cultural office still has a big picture of Muslim League leader and former MP late Ghulam Mehamood Banatwala. The former BSP room too has a photo of BSP leader Mayawati on the wall.However, the office of deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav has witnessed a completely opposite development. Corporators of Shiv Sena had been deputy mayors in the last five years. Therefore, there were pictures of their leaders including party supremo Balasaheb Thackeray, working president Uddhav Thackeray on the wall. Now, the pictures have been removed and stored in a room as a BJP corporator has become the deputy mayor.Justifying the parties' stand, Datke said office rooms are a must to attend to citizens. \"Office rooms were allotted in the last regime, so the system should be followed now. The decision rests with the mayor and we may discuss the issue with municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269295", "title": "Shehla case: CBI conducts polygraph test on BJP MLA from Bhopal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation put Dhruv Narayan Singh, a BJP MLA from Bhopal , to a lie- detection test here on Wednesday in connection with the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood. Singh, who underwent a three-hour polygraph test at the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, however, claimed innocence.Emerging out of the laboratory, Singh told reporters that allegations levelled against him by architect Zahida Parvez, an accused in the case, were baseless.CBI sources said Singh was asked several questions related to his purported relationship with victim Shehla and Zahida, and the murder plot allegedly hatched by the architect.CBI has found that Zahida had allegedly \"very close relations\" with the MLA, to the extent of obsession and also resented his closeness with Shehla, agency officials said.From her diary, the officials had come to know of several instances, where Zahida had noted down her feelings for Singh and growing resentment for Shehla, sources said. While analyzing call details of Masood and her friend Farooqui, they came across some calls made purportedly to a close aide of Singh soon after Shehla was murdered on August 16 outside her house in Bhopal's posh Koh-e-Fiza locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269168", "title": "CM Parrikar urged to formulate pension scheme for grassroot level workers", "text": "PANAJI: The forum for members and ex-members of the state's village panchayats, municipal councils and zilla panchayats submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday appealing to him to formulate a pension scheme for them.\"It has been noticed that grassroots workers are neglected by governments as compared to members of legislative assemblies and the Parliament. The state of many of the grassroots workers is pathetic,\" the memorandum read.Convenor of the forum Ramesh Desai said, \"We request the government to view the plight and formulate a pension scheme for the welfare of these workers who have dedicated their life to service and social causes.\"Stating that Goa has made tremendous progress in the last five decades, Desai said that the government in the last 50 years has contributed to the same and so have the local self bodies like the panchayats, municipalities and zilla panchayats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269822", "title": "Underutilization cuts budget by Rs 165 cr", "text": "GURGAON: After failing to utilize its budget in the last financial year, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has prepared an annual budget for 2012-13 that drastically cuts developmental spending by over Rs 165 crore. While in the previous year, Rs 487.29 crore was allocated for development, this year only Rs 322 crore has been put aside for the same.While in the previous financial year (2011-12) the budget for sanitation works was Rs 43.78 crore, this year it is Rs 31 crore. The MCG, however, has stated that it will spend additional Rs 25 crore on buying equipment needed for sanitation in its jurisdiction. On the one hand, despite being one of the largest contributors to the exchequer, the city lacks basic civic infrastructure, while on the other, the MCG fails to spend the developmental budget.Last financial year, out of Rs 487.29 crore development fund, only Rs 97.55 crore was spent till 31 January 2012. Even though a major portion of funds for development and sanitation remained unused, the MCG has added a whopping Rs 51 crore for staff salaries and other perks. Last year, the budget allocated for this purpose was Rs 29.94 crore.But this year it has been increased to Rs 81 crore. The budget will be presented in the next House meeting to be passed by the councillors. The councillors blame the sloppy MCG officials for slow execution of developmental projects in the city. \"It is distressing to know that despite having funds, the development work is lagging behind. It is purely because of the sloppiness of the officials who just don't want to work. They are completely inefficient. They don't even know how to prepare estimates for a said development project due to which the funds are not sanctioned.In my own ward, there are two detailed project reports that are pending because the officials could not prepare the estimates the way they should,\" said Nisha Singh, councillor of Ward 30. Commenting on this year's budget, she said, \"Preparing the budget is one thing, executing it is another. I would like to know if the MCG officials have planned to spend the budget this year so that a situation like last year is not repeated. Greater emphasis should be given to monitor the sanitation workers.\" Despite repeated attempts, MCG Commissioner Sudhir Rajpal and mayor Vimal Yadav could not be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12273150", "title": "Rail budget disappoints MP", "text": "INDORE: Railway budget for fiscal 2012-13 has apparently come as a disappointment to Madhya Pradesh as the proposals, mooted by Railway Minister Dinesh Trivedi for the state is being seen as too little and not in sync with the growing requirements of a developing state.Reacting to the rail budget proposals, Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan expressed disappointment over the increase in railway passenger fares saying that the state's overall interests in rail sector has been completely ignored. \"There is no concrete proposal for extension of railway services in the state\", he added. However, he welcomed the proposal to establish a plant for manufacturing of traction alternators for high horse power diesel locomotives at Vidisha, a lok sabha constituency which he had represented in the past and now being represented by leader of the opposition in the Lok sabha Sushma Swaraj .Pithampur Audyogik Sangthan president Gautam Kothari described it as a \"pedestrian\" budget. There is no commitment of Indore-Dahod rail line during the year 2012-13, he said and pointed out that priority should have been given to Indore-Mhow line. There is only 5% increase in the budget outlay for the next fiscal to Rs 60100 crore as compared to the current fiscal's allocation of Rs 57000 crore, he said. It is despite the fact that the number of railway projects has increased manifold during this period, from 340 to 487. \"This meant reduction in the budget for the already existing projects\", he pointed out.Rajwada Cloth Market Merchant Association president Dhanraj Wadhwani welcomed the proposal to introduce double-decker Indore-Habibganj Express but said he doubted its technical feasibility with the existing infrastructure. There is no promise for Ratlam Khandwa gauge conversion and there is no talk of construction of a world-class railway station at Indore, which had been already promised to the people living in Indore, Wadhwani said.Former minister Pushparaj Singh, who hails from Rewa, said the decision to introduce Rewa-Bina-Indore railway services saying that it would open the gateway for commercial affluence and prosperity to the people living in Vindhya Region.\"It will also help those nearly a lakh students who come to Indore from Vindhya region for their studies.OP Khandelwal, a professor of Physics at a Badwani collect, said the railway ministry had earlier sent to planning commission a proposal for Khandwa-Dhar via Khargone Badwani railway line. Once completed, the project is likely to benefit 35 lakh tribals living in the four districts besides giving a boost to the cash crop trade like cotton and sugarcane, he added.For Bimal Jhanjhari, a railway activist, it's a disappointing budget. The present railway minister continued the tradition of ignoring and neglecting Madhya Pradesh in general and Indore in particular, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12274297", "title": "Electric crematorium shut for two years", "text": "RANCHI: The only electric crematorium of the city, constructed with an objective to save the environment, is non-functional. In the past five years, only 10 bodies have been cremated here.The construction of the crematorium began in 2002. In 2005, the Ranchi Regional Development Authority handed over the responsibility of constructing and making the crematorium operational to Font System, a private company. The crematorium was complete and ready to use in 2008 with an investment of around Rs 1.43 crore.The crematorium was shut down after an incident when a body was placed in the crematorium and there was a power cut. The generator could not take the load and the body was left half burnt. Since then, the power connection at the crematorium has been cut off and contract with Font System has been terminated.Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) health officer Rajan Singh said, \"The capacity has to be upgraded. As soon as we came to know about the inability of the crematorium, we immediately revoked the contract with Font System. We will soon issue another tender for its maintenance and upgrade.\"RMC chief executive officer Vinay Chaubey said, \"It is not functioning since 2010. I have asked our engineers to check the problems and will also take up the issue in the next board meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269329", "title": "Laptop worth 21,000 'stolen' from doctor's clinic", "text": "NASHIK: A female homeopath practitioner reported her laptop missing from her clinic at Nashik Road. Dr Shivani Jain, who filed the complaint at Nashik Road police station, alleged that it was the handiwork ofa technical person who knew how to handle the device.It was a hectic Saturday for Dr Jain, a resident of Durga society, Jail Road, at her clinic at City Centre Complex, Jail Road. \"I was busy with my patients on Saturday. I had gone out of the office for a brief period but returned back to the clinic. and then came back.At around 2pm, I got an emergency call from my home because of which I hurriedly and since it was emergency, I threw all the things on the table, closed the clinic and went home. When I returned on Tuesday morning, I noticed the laptop was missing,\" Jain said.But she was unable to specify exactly when the equipment went missing. \"On Saturday, while leaving the office, there was no reason for me to check whether the laptop laptop was there or not,\" Jain said. of the clinic.\"Though the shutters and other things in the office were intact, I informed the police that somebody had tampered with the lock. After I entered the office on Tuesday, I saw the laptop and the internet router missing. The cables and other things were neatly unhooked instead of being pulled or broken off. All the articles that are part of my office property were in place , exactly as I left them on Saturday,\" Shivani Jain added.The Nashik Road police have filed a theft case against unidentified person for stealing the laptop which is worth Rs 21,000. The case was registered on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269306", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi spreads goodies across the board", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's brief innings might end soon but the politics of his maiden budget make an interesting analysis as apart from announcing projects for West Bengal, he has favoured both Congress and BJP-ruled states.West Bengal does not top the list in terms of new trains, but is placed second with 15 new express trains compared to 17 each in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra, where their journey is going to either begin or end. While the state may have lost out, with 44 new suburban trains and 50 new metro links, Kolkata occupies the numero uno slot when it comes to improving connectivity within the city.Trivedi has however, ensured that when it comes to projects, the state that sent him to Parliament gets top billing. From a disaster management centre to a new factory for propulsion system and a coaching centre, West Bengal has got its share of the booty.The other big gainer is Maharashtra, especially Mumbai. There are several initiatives for Mumbai that include work on running 12-rake cars on Harbour line, financial modeling of elevated rail corridor from Churchgate to Virar and a pre-feasibility study for a similar corridor between CST and Kalyan.In his speech, Trivedi said there would be a dedicated design centre at National Institute of Design at Ahmedabad, a special purpose vehicle with Andhra Pradesh government for a multi-modal transport system and a feasibility study for faster corridors on Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminal-Panvel and Virar-Panvel sections.Six high-speed corridors including a study on Delhi-Jaipur-Ajmer-Jodhpur will be taken up while cooperation with states would include a memorandum with Chhattisgarh to develop three rail corridors, four projects on cost sharing with Haryana, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal and 12 similar initiatives with Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Rajasthan and Maharashtra.While the railway minister's speech did not forget to promise projects for West Bengal like a wagon manufacturing unit at Kulti and a 'fiat' bogey frame unit at Budge Budge, Trivedi's distribution of projects is much more balanced. His total exclusion of plans for hospitals and colleges that were part of his leader Mamata Banerjee's previous Budget is a statement in itself.Two additional new manufacturing units for coaches are to be set up in the Kutch area and at Kolar in Karnataka while a plant for traction alternators is slated for Vidisha in Madhya Pradesh, the constituency of leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj.Coaching terminals are promised in Kerala, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and West Bengal.Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12274333", "title": "Loan, assets worth 5 crore disbursed", "text": "Lohardaga: The District Rural Development Authority (DRDA), in association with the Lead District Bank, the agriculture department , dairy and other banks and government agencies distributed loan and assets worth about Rs 5 crore at the district level credit camp at Avantika Bhavan near Sadar Block headquarters here on Tuesday.The programme focused on women's Self-Help Groups as it was a kind of official celebration of International Women's day across the state.MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat, DDC Ratan Kumar, District Council vice-chairman Manir Oraon, DRDA director AV Sanga, LDM B Roy Chowdhury, and Nabard manager Samrat Mukherjee distributed bank passbooks worth Rs 6,000 each to 384 beneficiaries under the Mukhyamantri Ladli Laxmi Yojana.Five top achievers among Anganwadi Sevikas from each of the ICDS centres were felicitated on this occasion.The officials provided guidelines on socio-economic development of the society, through women's SHGs those were given loans for various trades under different government schemes.In KCC, SGSY, term loan, PMEGP, other priority sectors loans and assets were given worth Rs 4.86 crore while distribution in other modes took the figure to Rs 5 crore. Agriculture and dairy departments also distributed cows to beneficiaries.A stall by several government agencies and woman SHGs proved their role in inspiring women in their newly formed SHGs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271526", "title": "Swearing-in to be a star-studded affair", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's slated to be the mother-of-all swearing in ceremonies, with more than 25,000 people in attendance. And on Thursday, when Akhilesh Yadav takes over as Uttar Pradesh's youngest chief minister, there's no effort being spared to ensure that everything turns out perfectly.On Wednesday, the grounds were spruced up, the guesthouses were booked and dignitaries started pouring in, with the red carpets being rolled out by the government's Estate and Protocol departments . All arrangements, sources said, were overlooked by a team of close aides handpicked by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav .Officials from Raj Bhawan are also coordinating with local officials; more than two dozen cars, fitted with red beacons, have also been readied by the Estate department to ferry ministers , after the swearing-in ceremony, to their respective offices.Though special arrangements have been put in place to ensure none of the very very important persons VVIPs, including top political leaders, Bollywood bigwigs , bureaucrats and Industrialists , the local administration has also worked hard to make sure local residents are also not inconvenienced .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268550", "title": "Supreme Court puts a task on Akhilesh\u2019s to-do list", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before Akhilesh Yadav's swearing in as chief minister, the Supreme Court on Wednesday sought the UP government's response to a plea for vacation of stay on automatic sanction for prosecution of accused, including politicians from both the Congress and Samajwadi Party, in the Rs 2 lakh crore foodgrain diversion scam being investigated by the CBI.On a PIL filed by advocate Vishwanath Chaturvedi, the Allahabad high court had on December 3, 2010, ordered CBI probe into diversion of foodgrain from the Public Distribution System by mafia in connivance with government officials and politicians.The HC had also ordered that the CBI need not seek sanction from either the Centre or the state government against those accused public servants who \"prima facie intentionally, deliberately and in a planned manner\" lifted the foodgrain from godowns \"for sale either in open market or to smuggle outside the state of UP or to other countries\".On an appeal by the earlier Mayawati government, the apex court had on April 18 last year stayed this as well as the direction of the HC to submit probe status report every two months. It had also extended the time for grant of sanction for prosecution for other accused public servants from three months, as specified by the HC, to six months.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate Prashant Bhushan said influential persons in both Congress and SP were suspected to be involved in the scam and absence of monitoring of the investigation either by the HC or the apex court had slowed down the probe.A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar also issued notice to the CBI and asked both the state and the investigating agency to file responses by March 26. It posted the next hearing for March 28.Chaturvedi alleged that only a former minister in the erstwhile SP government had been chargesheeted till date and the CBI was not prosecuting a former general secretary of UP Congress Committee despite searching his premises in connection with the scam mainly because of his alleged proximity to the state Congress president and the Union law minister.He said, \"The investigation might not be properly done by the investigating agencies due to involvement of (persons belonging to) SP and Congress party having majority in the UPA government and because of statement by PM that due to compulsion of coalition government, he is unable to adopt harsh corrective measures in the government against corruption.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271598", "title": "Petition seeks case against Achuthanandan", "text": "KOCHI: A petition has been filed at Aluva judicial first class magistrate court on Wednesday to register a case against leader of opposition VS Achuthanandan for his remarks against former SFI leader Sindhu Joy.Advocate Polachan Puthupara in his petition says Achuthanandan's remark has resulted in insulting the modesty of a woman. The lawyer wants a case to registered against VS under section 509 of Indian Penal Code.Section 509 stipulates simple imprisonment up to one year, with or without fine, if a person engages himself in any word, gesture, or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman. The judge has postponed hearing on the case to Monday to record the statement of the petitioner, who filed the petition as a party in person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur/jaisalmer", "code": "12271149", "title": "1kg gold jewellery found in arrested GM's bank lockers", "text": "JODHPUR/JAISALMER: The Anti-Corruption Bureau on Wednesday recovered 1 kg gold jewellery and 2 kg silver jewellery from the bank lockers of Vishambhar Dayal Gupta, the arrested group general manager (gypsum) of Rajasthan State Mines and Minerals Limited (RSMML). The bank lockers were located in Udaipur.Gupta was arrested on Tuesday night from his Bikaner residence for taking a bribe of Rs 1 lakh to release rent amounts for hiring three JCB machines by RSMML, Bikaner, from a Jodhpur-based company.Earlier on Tuesday, the ACB had recovered Rs 2 lakh cash and fixed deposit of Rs 5 lakh from Gupta's house.ACB DIG Sanjeev Narjari said the agency set a trap and Gupta was caught taking bribe of Rs 1 lakh. \"He was caught red handed while taking the bribe at his residence late on Tuesday night,\" an ACB official said.Daulal Sewag, who owns Mayank Equipments based in Jodhpur, provided three JCB machines on rent and the machines were engaged with RSMML, Bikaner, for the past three years on rent at a cost of Rs 1,200 per hour.Currently, he has an outstanding amount of Rs 30 lakh for the rent of his machines to RSMML and Gupta had asked for a bribe of Rs 1 lakh to release his payment.Sewag then registered a complant with the ACB saying he was demanded Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh for releasing the rent amount by Gupta every time he went for receiving the payments.\"Sewang came to us with a complaint on Tuesday, which we found to be true during our verification. We laid a trap and arrested Gupta while taking a bribe of Rs 1 lakh at his residence in Bikaner at 11.40 pm on Tuesday,\" Narjari said.The ACB also searched both his residence in Udaipur and his office and found many documents, which are being scanned for any wrongdoing. Besides, Rs. 2.17 lakh cash was also recovered from his Udaipur residence on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12269219", "title": "Rajasthan trouble affects Malegaon's powerlooms", "text": "MALEGAON: In a damaging impact of non-operational process houses and dyeing, printing &amp; bleaching centres in Rajasthan's Balotra district, thousands of powerlooms in Malegaon have come to a standstill since the last 15 days.According to Shabbeer Ahmed Daigwala, secretary of Malegaon Powerloom Weavers' Association, over 40% of the powerlooms in Malegaon have stopped production after traders refused to accept delivery of the grey fabrics due to the closure of process houses in Balotra since February 17 following a court order. \"The situation has led to a financial crisis in the city. At the same time, the closed powerlooms are creating difficulties for labourers, who mostly depend on the wages received on a weekly basis,\" he said.Manoj Baheti, a trader and a grey-cloth manufacturer, said the problem began when the Rajasthan High Court banned process house owners from discharging effluents and waste water into Looni river. \"The court also directed them to install waste-water treatment plants forthwith before any further processing. Due to this, around 800 process houses in Balotra closed. As the grey poplin manufactured in Malegaon is supplied mostly to Balotra, the traders cannot accept deliveries unless the process houses start functioning again,\" he said.Besides manufacturing cambric, coloured saris, lungis and polyester, around 40-45% of the powerlooms in Malegaon manufacture poplin which is transported to Balotra and neighbouring Pali for further processing. To complicate matters, the court also banned process houses in Pali from processing any raw fabrics from Balotra. \"Though the Pali process houses are operational, they cannot process hundreds of thousand metres of fabric lying in Balotra fearing action from the court,\" said Daigwala.As a whole, the powerloom industry in Malegaon employs, directly or indirectly, an estimated 4.5 lakh people. Local weavers and traders are of the view that if the situation is not brought under control soon, the industry will be pushed into deep financial crisis.Taking note of the crisis, veteran leader and former minister Nehal Ahmed called on Union minister Sharad Pawar on Saturday and sought his help to get the Centre's intervention so that the process houses in Balotra start functioning again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269299", "title": "Pollution cloud over BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Built to promote public transport, the bus rapid transit corridor (BRT) was touted as a \"green corridor\" by the Delhi government when it came up in 2008. The idea was that increased usage of public transport would bring down reliability on private vehicles, and thus the resultant emissions, especially as buses were CNG-powered. Four years later, the BRT can be no longer seen as a \"green corridor\". With a minimum idling time of 7-10 minutes at important intersections like Chirag Dilli, the BRT could be well one of the most polluting points in the city. Think of ITO and you will get the picture.Interestingly, the Delhi government hasn't conducted any pollution study till date to study the impact of BRT on environment. This is despite the fact that more than 75,000 vehicles use the stretch every day, not including cyclists and non-motorised vehicles. At the Chirag Dilli intersection, vehicles wait for at least 7-10 minutes during peak hour for a single signal cycle, going through multiple signal cycles before they can cross the intersection. On an average, a vehicle waits between 15-25 minutes to cross the signal, says traffic police, after taking a quarter of an hour - if lucky enough to cross the GK intersection quickly - between Moolchand and Chirag Dilli.Environmental experts say that idling and frequently accelerating and decelerating wastes not only petrol, and thus the commuters' money, but also adds to pollution.A CSE report of 2010 says that every hour, most vehicles lose nearly half to one litre of fuel due to idling; in fact, larger the vehicle, more the loss due to idling. \"Fuel consumption or CO2 emissions (in gm per km) can increase during idling by up to three to four times, compared to when the car is running at 55-65kmph,\" adds the report. Additionally, low average speeds due to traffic congestion increase emissions due to stop-and-go pattern of traffic flow. UrbanEmissions.info, an NGO, claims that 24 minutes of idling wastes around 0.20 litre of petrol or diesel.Anuradha Shukla, senior principal scientist with CRRI, carried out a pilot study on on-road emissions two years ago. Her team studied emissions at crossings to see what impact slow traffic had on pollution. \"We saw that during a traffic jam, emissions go up substantially. This is because acceleration produces the highest amount of emissions. Once a vehicle accelerates to move into cruising speed, it starts belching emissions. We specifically studied emissions of vehicles in two states - one if a car sped through an intersection when the light was green and when the vehicle had to stop. Emissions were significantly higher in the second case. This is why our attempt should be to ensure smooth driving conditions with the least number of stops,\" she said. \"Abroad, more space is given for private vehicles as compared to Delhi. That, plus the massive number of vehicles in the city, is causing severe traffic jams,\" added a senior government scientist.The Delhi government is now planning to conduct a study of the BRT, including a commuter perception study. Said transport minister Arvinder Singh, \"Since the court has asked for a fresh study, it will be conducted soon. We hope that it will provide clarity on the benefits of BRT.\" Will the government desist from the BRT then? According to Singh, BRT is the only way to promote public transport. \"Our intention has always been to promote public transport. That can only be done by increasing facilities provided by buses, including higher speeds. That's the only way people will move to public transport.\" He cited the high registration fees charged in Delhi as a deterrent for private vehicles. \"We are also looking into imposing congestion tax,\" he said. \"We are open to any suggestion to improve public transport in the city, whether its BRT or monorail,\" claimed Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12270574", "title": "Three burnt to death in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA A middle-aged woman and two girls were burned to death when their hut caught fire in the wee hours of Wednesday near government polytechnic in Fulchur Peth, Gondia.According to sources, there are five huts outside the compound wall of polytechnic. Four out of these caught fire on Wednesday. One of the occupants of a hut, Sunil Mohabe rescued his wife and one-month-old child. However, before he could go in to rescue his two daughters - Neha (7) and Megha (2) - and his mother-in-law, Mehaterin Kanoje (45), the roof collapsed on them. The woman and her granddaughters succumbed to the fire. Occupants of the rest of the huts were reported to be safe.Three adjacent huts of Pravin Jagane, Kamalesaah Bhondekar, Kishore Kharole were completely gutted while that of Paramanand Chourey's was partially burned.According to the residents, the huts did not have electric connections so short circuit was not the reason of the fire. However Gondia's Sub Divisional Officer Ananat Walaskar and PI Sunil Bhonde reached the spot. The cases shall be referred to the government for compensation after the panchnama, said Walaskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12270767", "title": "Congress leads in Korchi; Yuvashakti wins two zilla parishad, three panchayat samiti seats", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Yuvashakti Sanghatana won all two Zilla Parishad seats and three out of four Panchayat Samiti seats in Korchi teshil of Gadchiroli. Poll counting for ZP and PS elections in Korchi was held on Tuesday. Congress stands as leading party with 14 seats, followed by NCP-9.Padmakar Mankar of Yuvashakti Sanghatana defeated his nearest rival Shamlal Madavi of Congress in Korchi-Kotgul ZP seat. Similarly Kotra-Bihitakla ZP seat was won by Sundanda Atram of Yuvashakti Sanghatana. She defeated Congress candidate Premila Katenge here. Kotgul, Kotra and Korchi Panchayat Samiti seats were won by Yuvashakti candidates. However, Bihitekala Panchayat seat was won by the Congress candidate.Earlier ZP and PS elections in Korchi tehsil were withheld as none had filed nomination for the election. However, the EC rescheduled the election for three weeks and fresh nominations were summoned. This time, willing candidates came forward to contest the polls.Polling was held on Sunday in Korchi and results were declared on Tuesday. After Korchi's results, Congress stands as leading party with 14 seats, followed by NCP-9, BJP-8, Yuvashakti-7, NagVidarbha Andolan Samiti- 4, Shiv Sena- 2, CPI (Marxist) -1 and independent-6, in Gadchiroli ZP having total 51 seats. Similarly, Congress leads with 32 seats in Panchayat Samiti. Other parties status is NCP- 18, BJP-17, Yvashakti- 11, Nagvidarbha Andolan Samiti- 6, Shiv Sena-3, BSP-1, independent- 14 in PS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12275376", "title": "Officials draft plan to tackle drought", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To check drought like situation during summer, the district authorities are drafting a plan for the district. The officials concerned have been asked to submit their work plan reports within 72 hours.Currently, the officials are calculating the total number of ponds which would be filled with water in days to come. The focus is more on the trans-Yamuna area where situation becomes grim during summers.Executive engineer, Jal Nigam, AK Singh said about 459 handpumps have been identified which would be taken for re-boring in the city. He added that a total of 512 handpumps, including those located in town areas, have also been identified for rectification.Officials said that they are also identifying the pockets where tankers would be dispatched and villages/blocks have been taken under scanner where tankers were dispatched last year.ADM (finance &amp; revenue) Suryamani Lalchandra has asked officials to take those villages on priority list which not only need immediate attention but tankers were dispatched for potable water supply last year. He added that reboring and rectification of handpumps in affected villages would be taken on priority basis.The officials have also asked veterinary officers to start immunisation programme for animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269559", "title": "Parrikar set to revamp directorate of mines and geology", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has said that he will revamp the Directorate of Mines and Geology in a couple of days and new staff will be posted at various positions.Speaking to TOI, Parrikar said \"Right now I am busy with the budget, but it seems they have not learnt from their mistakes, so I will review and revamp the department soon after the budget.\"Parrikar, who had conducted a surprise visit to the mines department on Tuesday, had found that two officers were not in office.\"The department will definitely take proper shape in a few days\" added Parrikar.Soon after he became chief minister, the Mines department has been under Parrikar's scanner, due to the illegal mining in the state.He had already mentioned that as and when the Shah Commission report is submitted, he will initiate action against those involved in illegal mining.Parrikar has also directed the health department to put up the file to cancel the privatization of a newly constructed Mapusa district hospital.The state government had floated an expression of interest (EOI) notice for running the hospital on the PPP model, for which eight companies had submitted their bids. Thereafter, Shalby Hospitals, Apollo Hospital and Radiant Life Care were shortlisted by the state health department as successful bidders. Shalby Hospitals then petitioned the high court challenging the government's decision to award the tender to Radiant Life Care Pvt Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270502", "title": "Land for parks encroached in Sittalapakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: The residents of the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) colony in Sittalapakkam, 20km from Chennai, are unhappy. Twenty-one open plots of land in the colony, measuring 9,500.91 sq m and earmarked for being developed as parks or playgrounds, have been encroached upon.While the residents say several illegal structures, including makeshift temples, have come up on each of the plots and that their appeals to the authorities have been in vain, Sittalapakkam village panchayat officials express helplessness and cite staff shortage, among other reasons, for their inaction. In this regard, hearing on a writ petition on behalf of the residents that was to come up in the Madras HC on Wednesday, has been put off to Friday. For hundreds of citizens like Antony Raj, 59, who daily took his grandson to one such plot to play while he chatted with friends, these spaces were heaven. Not any more.\"After school hours, a large number of children would dot the open space with all sorts of play equipment. It was fun to watch them playing,\" said K Velmurugan, among the first settlers in the colony. In 1996, the TNHB developed a \"neighbourhood scheme\" for different income groups at Sittalapakkam, built 2,064 houses and 116 commercial establishments on 29 acres and divided them into four blocks.A total of 21 open spaces were earmarked for parks and playgrounds. As per the original plan, the open spaces cannot be exchanged for other plots and are non-marketable. \"Based on representations from residents, we have taken up the issue in the high court because encroachments have become a major problem, especially in developing areas,\" said advocate M Antony Selvaraj. The residents approached the local MLA and MP and the district collector but the problem remained. They also petitioned the TNHB which on February 22 said its officials had found encroachments and its removal of encroachments should be done by the local body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273303", "title": "Rana Daggubati now ambassador for Earth Hour", "text": "The \"Naa Ishtam\" star has been announced as the brand ambassador for the \"Earth Hour 2012\" initiated by WWF ( World Wide Fund for Nature ) by showing his support by switching off lights and saving electricty for an hour on March 31.Along with him, even cricketer Sachin Tendulkar will be showing his support to this cause, which started in India back in 2009. Sachin Tendulkar expressed, \"It is heartening to see how a single action of switching off lights for Earth Hour can bring the world together to pledge action towards a better environment. I am happy to be a part of this movement and encourage others to participate as well,\" the WWF website quoted as saying. 56 cities showed their support by switching off all electrical devices and lights for an hour. Actors like Aamir Khan , Abhishek Bachchan and Vidya Balan too have shown their support and have been a part of this initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271147", "title": "Ride on Mumbai's suburban network dearer", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters on Mumbai's suburban network may have to pay slightly more for their tickets.Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has proposed a Re 1 to Rs 5 hike in fares for the second class card ticket, while commuters may have to shell out Rs 5 to Rs 45 more for monthly season tickets from the new financial year. Going by the base rate, the second class fare will increase by two paise per passenger per km.The railway budget presented on Wednesday proposed a hike of Re 1 for the first 10 km, which could increase the minimum fare from Rs 4 to Rs 5. However, the fare may actually come down in many instances due to the proposal to round it off.For the next 25 km, the fare may increase by Rs 3, from the existing Rs 7 to Rs 10.For 50 km, there could be a Rs 4 hike, taking the fare from the existing Rs 11 to Rs 15. For 75 km the hike is likely to be around Rs 5, making it Rs 20. For 100, 125 and 150 km of travel, the new ticket rates would be Rs 20, 25 and 30 respectively, from Rs 19, 22 and Rs 25 respectively.However, a senior railway official explained that the fare may actually come down by one rupee due to the rounding off principle, and increase up to Rs 3 between CST and Kalyan and Churchgate and Virar for second class category.Suburban commuters travelling in first class may have to pay Rs 3 to Rs 9 extra for the above destinations.Rounding off means fares ending with either 6 or 1 (i.e in the unit's place) will be rounded off to the next lower multiple of Rs 5, so Rs 11 will become Rs 10 and Rs 16 will become Rs 15. However, Rs 12, 13 and 14 will become Rs 15, whereas Rs 17, 18 and 19 will be rounded off to Rs 20, the railway budget proposed. For monthly passes the fare will go up to Rs 75 from the existing Rs 70 for a 10 km travel, and from Rs 385 to Rs 430 for a travel of 150 km.Appreciating the budget, general manager (CR) Subodh Jain said the hike was essential to generate resources.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271627", "title": "NIA on hunt for SIMI leader Fariz", "text": "KOCHI: After ascertaining the role of Habib Falahi at the Wagamon SIMI training camp, National Investigation Agency (NIA) is on the lookout for another Uttar Pradesh-based SIMI leader Fariz who attended this camp. Both Fariz and Falahi are top SIMI leaders from Uttar Pradesh and the duo came to Kerala to attend this secret training camp in 2007.\"These two were among the top leaders who attended this camp. Local witnesses and the accused have identified Habib Falahi who was brought to Kerala by NIA. Fariz has been absconding for the last two years and a search is on to nab him,\" NIA sources said. Falahi was presented before the NIA special court here on Wednesday as he was included as accused number 32 in the Wagamon SIMI case. NIA officials said Falahi would be taken back to Gujarat where he was being tried in the 2008 Ahmedabad serial blast case. Officials said that Fariz might have played a role in the Ahmedabad case.Though NIA had filed a chargesheet against 30 SIMI activists in the case, Falahi was included as an accused only at a later stage. His role in the camp came to light after the Gujarat police arrested him in connection with the Ahmedabad serial blast case.NIA in its charge sheet, filed before the NIA court in January 2011, had submitted that SIMI activists from Kerala, Karnataka, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh attended this camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269447", "title": "Rail Budget: Delhi cheer for nine trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The national capital region had much to cheer after railway minister Dinesh Trivedi presented the budget on Wednesday. Besides introduction of nine new trains - either passing through NCR or originating from it - the minister also extended the run of several other trains or raised their frequency.But the minister won maximum applause with his announcement of track-laying surveys and a promise to complete work on ongoing projects. Among the new trains that the capital will get are the Delhi Sarai Rohilla-Udhampur AC Express, Sarai Rohilla-Bandra Weekly Express, Anand Vihar-Haldia Express, Jabalpur-Hazrat Nizamuddin Link Express and Kanpur-Amritsar Express.Among the new passenger and local trains announced in the railway budget is the Sarai Rohilla-Farukhnagar DEMU service, Rohtak-Panipat Passenger and Phulera-Rewari Passenger.The railway minister has also announced extension of at least eight other trains from NCR. This includes the Ludhiana Shatabdi to Moga, Kathgodam-Sarai Rohilla Express to Jodhpur, Delhi-Una Himachal Express to Amb Andaura and Delhi-Jind Passenger to Narwana.Among the trains whose frequencies have been increased include Dibrugarh-Chandigarh Express, Ranchi Rajdhani, Bikaner Express, Chindwana-Sarai Rohilla Express and Nizamuddin-Kanyakumari Express.Trivedi also announced some big-budget projects keeping local movement and tourists in mind. Among them are plans for carrying out feasibility studies and appraisals (by planning commissions) to lay new lines, which include the Kosikalan-Govardhan, Garhouli-Baddi, Hasthinapur-Meerut and the Patiala-Kurukshetra lines. However, people's aspirations for more local trains on Ghaziabad, Shamli and Palwal routes has yet again been dashed. While Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata have received over 140 new local trains, Delhi had to be content with one local and three passenger trains. \"We had hoped for a change this time, but our hopes have been dashed yet again,'' said Manish Bhagat, a resident of Shamli.Full Coverage on Budget 2012 : Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271239", "title": "BJP condemns but Congress hails rail budget", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP on Wednesday condemned the proposed hike in tariff announced in the rail budget.Senior BJP leaders said the proposed hike further added to the common man's burden, who is already reeling under high inflation rates.Former chief minister Vasundhara Raje said the Union ministry was yet to fulfill its promises of new trains and surveys for new railway lines made during the previous rail budgets. \"Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in his recent visit to the state had assured that the state would benefit from the budget. However, there is little for the state to cheer about,'' she said.Calling the budget 'disappointing', she said no attempt was made to extend the rail network to remote districts, and blamed it on the lack of proper state representation at Centre.State BJP spokesperson Sunil Bhargav also criticised the pending rail projects in the state. \"The double-decker train between Jaipur and Delhi, and the Shatabdi Express between Jaipur and Agra have not yet been started. In the previous budget, the ministry had announced to conduct survey for nine new railway lines, of which work on eight is yet to begin,\" he said.On the other hand, the state Congress welcomed the announcements in the rail budget. Interacting with media persons at Udaipur, chief minister Ashok Gehlot said a fare hike was necessary to focus on Rail ministry's priority on security and infrastructure development. \"Trivedi had promised a 'pink' budget for the state and he has kept his promise by announcing several new projects for the state,'' he said.Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee spokesperson Satyendra Raghav echoed the CM's sentiments. \"The state too has got its fair share in the budget with 20 new trains and extensions. One lakh new jobs during the next financial year is a welcome move,\" said Raghav.The Federation of Rajasthan Trade and Industry also condemned the hike in rail tariff for passenger and goods trains. \"The hike will further add to the financial burden of the common man. The rail budget always sounds promising and same is the case this year. However, it is more important to know what is actually being delivered,'' said Atma Ram Gupta, president of the federation.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "dadri (greater noida)", "code": "12270098", "title": "Jobless apply for allowance", "text": "DADRI (GREATER NOIDA): The employment exchange in Gautam Budh Nagar, which had previously been lying in a state of disuse, has become the site of frantic activity after the SP government got the majority of votes to come into power in the state. Unemployed youth have been thronging the employment exchanges across the state following SP's promise in its election manifesto of an unemployment allowance of Rs 1,000 per month.According to district employment officers, there were just 190 registrations in the past one year, of which just about 10 applicants managed to get jobs. However, last week alone has seen over 2,000 applications.Officials at the employment exchange were pointed out that this is the second time they have seen such crowds as a result of electoral promises. \"The last time people thronged the office was in 2006, when the then CM Mulayam Singh Yadav announced an unemployment allowance. Youngsters came out in unbelievable numbers for registration,\" said BM Singh, district employment officer.This time, the crowds are back following SP's promise of not just unemployment allowances but also extension of age limit to 35 years to apply for government jobs. Hundreds of men and women in the district with degrees but without jobs began showing up at the employment exchange office as soon as the poll results confirmed that SP would form the government in UP as benefits would be available only to those enrolled with the exchanges.The employment office itself, located away from the city on a lonely road connecting Dadri and Surajpur, has been lying in a state of utter disrepair with cobwebs and dust clogging up the building. According to those looking to get registered, the office is rarely frequented by the employment officers. \"We have been standing in line for three days now. But there are no officers here and in order to get a form we have to pay Rs 1,000 to a tout who then gives it to the officer,\" said Sulabh Gujjar, a 24-year-old graduate.However, as per the authorities, the crowd at the employment office might be in for a disappointment as they rarely have any jobs to give out. \"There is little advantage in registering here but for the fact that the candidate gets a registration card and a number that has to be produced during interviews. When it comes to placements, we haven't had much success. In the past two years we had a total of 252 registrations, out of which a meagre 40 applicants managed to get jobs,\" Singh said.The reason, officials say, is that while they notify the exchange of vacancies, most private as well as public companies advertise in the media, conduct their own tests and placements since they are \"not bound by the recommendations of the employment exchange.\" \"Even this time, we have not received any communique from the state about the unemployment allowance, new jobs or the extension in age limit,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268966", "title": "Ashok Yenpure is BJP group leader in PMC", "text": "PUNE: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Wednesday appointed senior corporator Ashok Yenpure as the group leader in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). The decision was taken by the state leadership on the basis of a report sent by the party city unit.Yenpure, who won the recently held PMC election by four votes, is serving his fifth term as corporator and was first elected in 1992.Addressing a press conference on Wednesday, he said, \"Nowadays, people think that all political parties are the same and politics has been reduced to selfishness. We will try and change this image with our good development works.\"There were five aspirants in the fray for the post. \"A meeting to finalise the name of the group leader was held on Tuesday, but no decision came through. After that a report was prepared, which was sent to the state leadership for them to take a final call,\" Yenpure said.Yenpure has been made BJP's party leader in the house for one year and will continue in the post till March 14, 2013. After that another corporator will take charge. BJP has 26 corporators in PMC.\"It is the decision of the state leadership to appoint a group leader for one year. There are many deserving candidates for this post and more people should get a chance to head the party in PMC,\" Vikas Mathkari said.Mathkari did not contest the municipal election this time. When asked whether he was willing to sit in the PMC as a co-opted corporator, he said the party leadership and the group leader in PMC would decide on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12270160", "title": "Self-immolations issue: Tibetan parliamentarians start session wearing black ribbons", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: In an exceptional move, the Tibetan parliament's budget session took off on a somber note on Wednesday, with members entering the house wearing black ribbons, displaying the slogan \" Save Tibet\".The session, first for Prime Minister Lobsang Sangay, who also joined others by wearing the black ribbon, witnessed daylong debates on the ongoing self-immolation spree inside Tibet.Self-immolations have gradually gone up after the uprising of 2008, with over 25 such incidents in and outside Tibet. \"Despite the fact that budget session is usually meant for legislative work and discussions on cabinet decisions, today's session was dedicated to the critical situation inside Tibet,\" speaker of the parliament said.\"We will have discussions on other matters also. The administrative and legislative issues will be discussed, but it is a priority for us to discuss the sufferings of our compatriots inside Tibet,\" he added.The parliament-in-exile has 44 members, who deliberated on the issue, with some even suggesting that Tibetans in exile should move back to Tibet, while others suggested that Tibetans living in exile in various parts of the world should hold activities inside Tibet.Bawa Kalsang Gyalsten, member of the Tibetan parliament from Dotoe province, suggested that Tibetans should hold a march back to Tibet to express solidarity with their brothers and sisters there.During the lengthy discussions, it was highlighted that the situation inside Tibet was critical and that China should immediately allow a fact finding delegation by international community to visit Tibet, sources said. The parliament also reiterated the stand that it can't comment whether the self-immolations inside Tibet were violent or non-violent, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12271266", "title": "Four railway stations in Rajasthan part of national integrated system", "text": "JAISALMER: Viewing the security scenario and the frequent threats, an integrated security system is being put in place covering 202 railway stations across the country. This includes Jaipur, Ajmer, Jodhpur and Bikaner.In addition to this, three trains-Thar Express, Palace on Wheels and Atari Express will be a part of the system, informed Railway Protection Force director General P K Mehta during his visit to Jaisalmer on Tuesday.After reviewing the security arrangements of Thar Express at Munabao, which is the train's last stop in India before entering Pakistan, Mehta had come to Jaisalmer to inspect the security provisions on Palace on Wheels.Mehta said tight security arrangements have been made at important railway stations. Three-tier security arrangements have been made with the help of security agencies for important trains including Kolkata Metro.Under the new security system, hand-held metal detectors, door frame metal detectors, CCTVs will be installed at all important stations. Sniffer dogs too will be present.At Munabao in Rajasthan and Atari station in Punjab, strict security arrangements have been made for link expresses going to Pakistan. At these stations, the trains will be checked with the help of sniffer dogs.Mehta expressing satisfaction over the security arrangements at Munabao station said that better security arrangements have been made with the help of BSF, local police, GRP and custom.Mehta over the question on coordination between GRP and its right being given to RPF said it is an ongoing process and discussions are going at the senior level, but coordination between GRP and RPF is excellent and both agencies together are protecting railway passengers and railway properties.In regard to increasing theft of coal along with railway properties, he said there has been reduction in theft of railway properties and effective steps were being taken to further curb it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270477", "title": "Chennai Corporation takes the fight to breeding grounds", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation, which has so far resorted to fogging and spraying insecticides in the fight against mosquitoes, has decided to change strategy. It will now focus on eliminating mosquitoes at breeding points. The mosquitoes, officials suspect, may have developed tolerance to the chemicals used in fogging.Pyrethrum, the chemical used in fogging, was recommended a decade ago under the National Vector Borne Diseases Control Programme and may no longer be effective, officials say. \"The fogging does not kill the mosquitoes like its expected to, it just pushes them away to the upper floors or to another area,\" said corporation commissioner P W C Davidar. Pyrethrum, usually mixed with kerosene, is expected to have a 'knock down' effect on mosquitoes, but residents say mosquitoes continue to torment them.Temephose, a larvicide, \"is sprayed into overhead tanks, wells, storm water drains and sometimes in canals. This, too, has been used for more than 10 years,\" said the official. Many residents agree with this view. \"Fogging is done every week, but the problem persists. Our coils and liquidator machines also fail,\" said Maria Roselle of Nandanam. Now, the corporation has decided to eliminate mosquito larva in the main breeding spots - the canals.\"There are 16 canals but we are focusing on the Buckingham Canal, the Virugambakkam, Otteri and Mambalam canals and the Cooum River,\" said an official. All hyacinth plants and weeds are being removed from water bodies and larvicide oil is being sprayed. \"Larvae usually breed under the leaves of these plants. Once we remove them and spray the oil, oxygen from the water and green plants is cut off, killing them,\" said a corporation entomologist.Garbage dumped in canals is a major breeding source, says an engineer. Residents of \"huts on Nedunchezian Colony along the Buckingham canal dump garbage into the water. Human waste are great sources of nutrition for mosquitoes and larvae,\" he said. Encroachments on the banks of canals are a big impediment, say mosquito control workers.\"The water 15 years ago was clear and clearing hyacinth was easy. Now we are forced to go in catamarans or get into water filled with garbage and sewage and remove the weed,\" said a worker. The commissioner says he has gone to some mosquito breeding spots to check. \"I went to Walltax road, zones 4, 5, 6,9 10 and zone 13 and found the density to be high. We are focusing on all the water bodies in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268936", "title": "Pune to get new mayor today", "text": "PUNE: The new general body (GB) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will come into existence on Thursday as newly-elected corporators choose the mayor and deputy mayor.The NCP, which emerged as the single largest party in the House with 51 seats in the February civic elections, has nominated first-time corporator Vaishali Bankar from Hadapsar as its mayoral candidate. Congress has nominated Kothrud corporator Deepak Mankar for the post of deputy mayor. The NCP and the Congress have agreed to a power-sharing formula in PMC and will collectively support Bankar and Mankar.The BJP-Shiv Sena alliance has nominated Varsha Tapkir of the BJP and Vijay Deshmukh of the Sena as their candidates for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor respectively. On the day of filing nominations last week, Congress corporator Mukari Algude, who is a supporter of MLA Vinayak Nimhan, rebelled against his party's decision to field Mankar. Algude has filed his nomination for the post of deputy mayor.However, leader of the Congress in PMC Arvind Shinde told reporters on Wednesday that Algude will withdraw his nomination on Thursday before elections. \"We have discussed this matter with MLA Vinayak Nimhan. The chief minister and the state Congress president have convinced Nimhan and accordingly Algude will withdraw his nomination. Nimhan supporters will get other posts in lieu,\" said Shinde.The NCP has 51 seats in the House and its post-election alliance partner Congress has 28 seats. The two parties together make up the majority figure of 77 seats. The saffron-RPI combine had a pre-poll alliance and has won 43 seats with BJP getting 26 seats, Shiv Sena 15 and RPI 2.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, which has 29 seats in the PMC, did not field any candidate.Leader of the house in PMC and NCP corporator Subhash Jagtap expressed confidence that the candidates of the NCP and Congress will win comfortably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12268313", "title": "Using father\u2019s initial could bring more luck to Aaradhya?", "text": "With Beti B finally getting an official name, astro-numerologist suggests using her father's initial in the name could help.Beti B finally has a 'name'. The Bachchan's had been fiercely protective of the newest member of the family ever since Aishwarya gave birth on November 16 last year. After much speculation, Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwrya Rai Bachchan's little bundle of joy has been named 'Aaradhya'.'Aaradhya' literally means 'worship' but will the name bring good luck to the baby or the Bachchan houselhold? \"The name 'Aaradhya' is adding up to Number 41 - a lucky octave of Number 5 usually associated with combinations of people and nations. In such cases, the person should hold to her own judgment and opinions, if not, her 'plans are likely to become wrecked by the stubbornness and stupidity of others. But still it is a favorable number if it appears in connection with future events\" explains astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi.\"Since her moon sign is Gemini (mithoon) her name should have ideally started with the alphabet 'K' as per her 'rashi'\" points out Bhavikk clearly.\"Being a Scorpion ruled by Number 9 (Mars), her name vibrating on Number 41 (5) may not be that helpful, so she can add her father's initial 'A' in between in her name at all times i.e. Aaradhya A Bachchan for better luck\" suggests Bhavikk.Talking about the new born baby's future Bhavikk says, \"The girl was born on 16th November 2011 which makes her a Number 7 (Ketu) person in numerology. Since she is ruled by Number 7, she is automatically ruled by Number 2 (Moon). Like mom Ash, she is also a Scorpion by her sun-sign and hence ruled by Number 9 (Mars) while her destiny number adds up to Number 4 (Rahu)\".About her personality he says \"She will be a sensitive child always in need of love. Needless to say, she will be pampered by the Bachchans. I would advise the parents to make her wear a Hessonite (gomed) stone after five years of age. Since her ascendant is 'dhanu' (Sagittarius), she will be good at any creative, media or artistic fields just like her family\".\"She has a fantastic travel line and should be lucky in terms of property investment. However she should avoid any partnership business\" adds Bhavikk.Baby's bonding with BachchansDadaji Amitabh Bachchan: She will gel best with her dadaji as Numbers 2 and 7 always go hand in hand. While Big B is Number 2 (11th October 1942), she is Number 7.Mom Aishwarya Bachchan: Next is line will be mom Aishwarya as Numbers 1, 2, 4 and 7 are primarily considered to be a 'family' of numbers and Ash (1st November 1973) fits in to this bracket perfectly\".Dad Abhishek Bachchan: Luckily so, the child's mithun rashi ruled by Number 5 (Mercury) is dad Abhi's birth number (5th February 1976) and so her equation with papa Abhishek too won't be that much of a problem, but she would still continue to remain a 'mumma's daughter'.Dadi Jaya Bachchan: She would have difference of opinion at every step with dadi, but since they both are commonly ruled by Mars (Jaya is an Arian ruled by Number 9 and also born on 9th April 1948), that would do some damage control.We wish the newborn and Bachchan family loads of happiness.(Disclaimer: The views, ideas, opinions and predictions expressed in the article are those of the astro-numerologist and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinion of the website/publication)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "aldona", "code": "12269122", "title": "CM reiterates vow to build Calvim bridge in 8 months", "text": "ALDONA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday assured the people of Calvim-Carona of constructing the Calvim-Carona steel bridge within the next eight months. He also visited the houses of the Calvim bus tragedy victims' families and gave them each a cheque of 2 lakh.After taking over as chairman of the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation (GSIDC), Parrikar along with the GSIDC and electricity department staff and the consultant of the Calvim-Carona bridge visited the site. Stating that it would be difficult to construct the bridge in eight months due to the high tension electric wires, Parrikar promised to do it anyway. \"I will issue a tender in one month and in the next two months, work on the bridge will start,\" said Parrikar, adding that the budgetary allocation for the bridge would be around Rs 30 crore.He also asked his colleagues and Aldona MLA Glenn Ticlo to get a no objection certificate (NOC) from the comunidade so that the government can start the land acquisition process. \"Once we get the NOCs, land acquisition will begin,\" he said.Stating that the length of the bridge will be around 250m, including the approach road, Parrikar said, \"We will construct a single span steel bridge on the Calvim river.\" He added that 11 bridges would be constructed in the state, including one over the Zuari river.Not knowing that a consultant had been appointed by the Digambar Kamat-led government for the construction of the bridge, Parrikar had announced last week that he had appointed a consultant .While no formal order was issued, he had asked S N Bhobe &amp; Associates to submit a report on how to go about with the construction, sources said. But as soon as it was brought to his notice by officers that the consultant appointed by the earlier government had already given a report with alignment for the bridge, Parrikar told M/s Bhobe &amp; associates not to go ahead with the work.During the Calvim bus tragedy, Parrikar had promised the people of Calvim that if his government came to power he would construct the Calvim-Carona bridge within eight months. Six people, including four children, drowned when the bus they were travelling in fell into the river at the Aldona-Calvim ferry point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274909", "title": "Sujata Mohapatra loves life in all its forms", "text": "Accomplished Odissi dancer Sujata Mohapatra tells TOI that she is fiercely independent and loves living life on her own termsTeaching Odissi dance is a part of my life and I love it. I am inspired by my Guru who made a dancer out of me and whose lessons are extremely precious for me. So I want to follow his footprints and continue the legacy of grooming excellent Odissi dancers. I get so involved in teaching that even sometimes I spend my whole day with my students. It gives me immense pleasure to share my knowledge in Odissi with my students so that they can be more perfect while they perform.Family is the basic root of our lives. One can achieve high social status but no one on this earth can or should avoid his/her family. For me, wherever I go, my family remains a priority. Being a professional artist, it's difficult for me to stay at home 24/7. Yet, I try to spend some quality time with my family when I stay at home. It brings me peace. Being a woman and an artist, I think it's my duty to generate love and pleasure. My family has taught me to share love with everybody. They are the reason I am what I am.I have been doing the surya puja since my childhood. It gives me a sense of tremendous power. The sun is the source of energy. Praying to the sun god every morning gives me positive energy. Every day after having my shower, I perform the surya puja. Even when I am abroad for professional commitments, I never forget to perform the surya puja. I believe, the way the sun god lights up the whole world, he will also make me sparkle. It feels like the sun rays empower me to show the light of knowledge to my students.Since I am a dancer, I must develop my spiritual bent of mind for which yoga is a perfect medium. It makes your life more disciplined. I have learnt yoga from some foreigners. For an artist, it helps to balance mental and physical acts. For me, yoga is one of the methods of achieving spiritualism. It does away with all mental disturbances.Being a dancer, one has to be careful about the diet. I am a great foodie and I love preparing delicious dishes too. Though I eat every kind of food, the non-veg items are my favourite. I eat non-vegetarian dishes twice a week. So when I'm home, I prepare non-veg dishes. My specialities are various preparations made with fish or chicken.In Odisha, all the daughters and daughters-in-law draw jhoti on various holy occasions. So, when I stay at home, I paint jhoti in front of the house. I love to decorate it. Jhoti is not only used for pujas, but also for decorating the house. On holy occasions like Manabasa, you will find these beautiful paintings at every Odia home. There is a special demand for these kind of paintings in Odisha as they are believed to be sacred. When I visit other places and see jhoti paintings there, I try to learn the patterns so that I can replicate them in my own house.The reason why I have a scooty is because it makes me self-dependent. I don't have to wait or depend on the availability of my driver. I prefer doing the things on my own. So, if I have any work nearby, I take my scooty out. I love riding it. Even I used to take my daughter to her school on this scooty. I had bought it with my own income and it's more precious to me than an aeroplane. When I go for shopping or need a little \"me time\", I bring out my scooty. These impromptu rides give me immense pleasure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273605", "title": "Ranveer Singh suffers from serious back injury", "text": "Ranveer Singh who headlines Lootera directed by Vikramaditya Motwani and co-produced by Ekta Kapoor and Phantom Films, has met with a serious back injury while shooting for the film in Dalhousie.The actor is in extreme pain and has been advised complete bed rest for at least two weeks, Mirror has learnt.A source close to Ranveer told us, \"He was shooting on Saturday when he got injured. However, he did not pay much heed to it and continued shooting. It wasn't until Tuesday morning that the pain aggravated so much that it was unbearable and he could not shoot anymore. Finally, he had to be driven to Pathan Court to a doctor. An MRI scan has been performed. The pain is in his lower back and he is under observation and has been asked to take complete bed rest.\"According to the source, it is unclear when Ranveer would resume shooting. The actor, who is still in Dalhousie, could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275162", "title": "Bank launches app for tablets, phones", "text": "It was an 'app'ropriate Foundation Day gift from the city-based Corporation Bank to its 'smart' generation next customers. Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing director of the bank launched CorpBank app for android tablets and smart phones to mark the107th Foundation Day of the Bank here on Monday. Ajai Kumar assured on the occasion that the bank would launch apps for iPad and iPhone shortly.\"In one's quest to compute, commute and communicate, convenience is the key. Tethered desktops gave way to laptops and now laptops are paving way for smart phones and iPads. Tablets enable users to collect, communicate, access information on the move, apart from sending/receiving mails. We are witnessing dawn of the tablet age and the bank has developed apps to provide customers yet another channel to bank with us,\" he said.Customers can download the apps from android market place and the Apple iTunes store shortly. They can get to know the product range, the product features and those who evince interest on a particular product can instantly leave their contact details. Customers can also use the app to get to know their nearest branch or ATMs in the vicinity with a map.The bank in its endeavour to provide innovative and customer-friendly products and services will provide these services on smart phones also and extend transactional services through the iPad, tablets and smart phones in the future.The bank honoured with CorpBank Lifetime Achievement Award to five renowned personalities for their service to the society in the function. The awards were presented to Padma Bhusan B M Hegde, Padma Shree BR Shetty, Padma Shree B Ramana Rao, Kalaimamani Padma Shree Kadri Gopalnath and Padma Bhusan Ela Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12274235", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav sworn in UP chief minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Akhilesh Yadav, son of Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, was sworn in as the 33rd chief minister of Uttar Pradesh in a grand ceremony today. The junior Yadav took over as the youngest chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, one of India's largest and politically significant states, beating his close rival, Mayawati. There would be 46 ministers in Akhilesh's cabinet-19 cabinet and 27 state ministers.Akhilesh reached the venue well on time. As he sat alone at the dais, the SP's Muslim representative Azam Khan walked up to him to greet him. Soon afterwards, UP governor BL Joshi arrived and in a few minutes, the state's chief secretary Anoop Mishra started the ceremony that began with a military band playing the national anthem. As the notes of the song faded, the governor came forward to declare Akhilesh Yadav the chief minister, which was followed by the chief minister-elect taking his oath of office.In a few minutes, the names of the cabinet ministers were announced. The list included veterans like Azam Khan, Shiv Pal Yadav, Vaqar Ahmed Shah, Balram Yadav, Parasnath Yadav, Bhrama Shankar Tripathi, Aridaman Singh, Om Prakash Singh and Ram Gopal Chowdhury. The choice of cabinet ministers clearly showed that the young Akhilesh Yadav did not fight shy of including seniors in his team. Most agreed that Akhilesh Yadav's cabinet comprised a judicious mix of leaders from all castes. The list of ministers actually surprised many when senior leader Ambika Chowdhury was named, despite the fact that he had lost his seat in the Ballia district. Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya is also part of the team.Twenty-seven MLAs were also sworn in as ministers of state - including the business community leader of western UP Chittranjan Swaroop, former IIM faculty member Abhishek Mishra, Shankhlal Majhi, Iqbal Masood, Arvind Singh Gope and Rajendra Singh Rana.A host of celebrities, business tycoons and politicians attended the event, including Anil Ambani, Subrato Roy Sahara and SP Rajya Sabha member Jaya Bachchan. Politicians present on the occasion included Union minister for tourism and senior Trinamool Congress leader Sultan Ahmed and CPM leaders Prakash Karat and Sitaram Yechuri. Bahujan Samaj Party was represented by Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270306", "title": "Rail Budget: Big disappointment, says Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday said the Railway Budget was a great disappointment to the common people of India. It only spoke of laudable objectives and there were no clear cut plans for implementing the same, she said. \"It is disappointing to note that there has been no announcement of a dedicated freight corridor in the southern sector originating in Chennai,\" she said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012\u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12271208", "title": "Rail Budget 2012-13: 18 new services delight suburban commuters", "text": "CHENNAI: Never once in his 15 years as a train commuter has 33-year-old U Shyam Sundar missed a suburban train from Minjur station, 30km north of Chennai. But the struggle to get into a train, he says, has become harder over the years because of an increasing number of commuters. The announcement of 18 more suburban trains in Wednesday's railway budget has made tens of thousands of commuters like Sundar happy.That the budget also proposed 13 new trains, including four passenger trains, besides extending six and increasing the frequency of four, bodes well for the state.Passengers are not much worried that the suburban tickets will cost more, say by 50 paise for a commute from Tambaram to Chennai Beach, but they do hope that the waiting time between trains will now come down. At present, the average waiting time is 10 minutes, with the shortest interval being two minutes and the longest 18. The average time may now come down to eight minutes, said a railway official, as each train will run four or five services a day.The proposed trains would be operated between Chennai Beach-Tambaram, Chennai Beach-Chengalpet, Chennai Beach-Avadi, Chennai Beach-Tiruttani, Chennai Beach-Gummidipundi/Sullurupeta and Chennai Beach-Velachery.After the Metropolitan Transport Corporation increased bus fares in November last, the number of suburban train commuters went up by one lakh. But the number of trains remained the same, leading to overcrowding especially in the morning and evening hours.\"Suburban trains remain the most sought after public transport for millions because commuters are sure to reach the destination on time. They are also cheaper,\" said B Satyanarayanan, a resident of Pazhavanthangal.But railway officials said more trains don't change commuter comfort dramatically. \"The increase in trains should be complemented by infrastructure, like extra platforms,\" said an official.Platforms 3 and 4 at Tambaram have remained half built due to paucity of funds. As a result, the station receives all suburban trains (246 services a day, including to Chengalpet and Tirumalpur) on platforms 1 and 2. This results in congestion and also delay as trains have to wait for the signal.Commuters also wanted more automatic ticket vending machines to be set up and the existing machines be repaired.An official said suburban stations needed additional 40 counters and 200 employees to cater to the rising number of commuters.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276944", "title": "Gang assaults forest dept employee in Panna", "text": "BHOPAL: After the terror unleashed by stone and sand mafia, now a gang has turned its ire on the forest department staff for confiscating teakwood being smuggled out of the forests in Panna district of Madhya Pradesh .An employee of the forest department Lipton Singh Thakur was allegedly beaten black and blue by a group of people, reportedly engaged in smuggling of teakwood from the forests, on broad daylight at a busy market in Panna town on Tuesday. Thakur sustained serious injuries and had to be hospitalized.In a statement issued here, leader of opposition in the assembly Ajay Singh said that Thakur had in February tipped off the authorities about illegal felling of teak and smuggling of wood from the forests, leading to confiscation of teakwood. Infuriated over this, one Arjun Singh Yadav and 10 others attacked Thakur on March 12 in front of people but the local police remained a mute spectator, alleged Singh.Alleging large scale illegal tree felling in the forests of Budhni, the assembly constituency being represented by chief minister, the opposition leader said a forest ranger had intercepted a truck laden with logs of timber and the Shahganj police had registered a case against one Ashok Singh. He alleged that the accused was not arrested till date.Singh said the forest ranger, who caught smuggling of forest wood, is now at the receiving end as the influential timber mafia managed to influence a scheduled caste woman to lodge false a complaint against the forest officer in a bid to silence him. The ranger is now being harassed and under tremendous pressure from the timber syndicate, he alleged.After a series of incidents of assault and attack by the stone, sand and liquor mafia at various places in the state, Singh said the morale of government officers and employees hit an all-time low as they felt that the state government was not taking action against people perpetrating violence against the government employees.An employee of the forest department Lipton Singh Thakur was allegedly beaten black and blue by a group of people, reportedly engaged in smuggling of teakwood from the forests", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12269273", "title": "DIMTS: Usage of road has been democratized", "text": "With reference to the series titled 'Scrap the trap', you have claimed that 'people want their road back'. However, do the people here include cyclists and bus commuters or only car/bike users? Without considering the opinions of the first two categories of road users, it would be at best an assumption that the views of a certain privileged section of society is the opinion of all the users of the BRT stretch.A survey carried out by EMBARQ revealed 80-85% satisfaction in bus users/cyclists/pedestrians and 40-50% satisfaction among car users. BRT has democratized the road, giving bus users and cyclists the opportunity to travel faster and safely.The study also revealed that the average travel time for buses has decreased by 20-25% and for cars and two-wheelers it has gone up marginally by about 10-12%. World over, the travel time of cars is being sacrificed in favour of faster movement of public transport.The MV lane occupying 14m - i.e double the space of a bus lane - is actually ferrying about 1 lakh passengers as compared to 1.2 to 1.4 lakh being ferried by the buses.The jam at Chirag Dilli and Siri Fort intersections can be attributed to the fact that Siri Fort is the first traffic signal after 3-4 km of signal-free run from DPS, Mathura Road. Vehicles will bunch up here with or without BRT.DIMTS does not issue any challans since it does not have the authority to do so. Its mandate is to provide the authorities with images of violations which can act as a proof when the challans are issued. DIMTS is doing all that is possible to operate and manage the corridor. Through the marshals and the cameras, we are trying to contain the violations. Cleaning and repair work is carried out at regular intervals despite the huge pedestrian and traffic load and the continuous damage that is done to the street furniture.Pedestrian crossings have been provided at intersections and also at mid-block bus stops. Safety of the commuters has always been our prime concern. Also, it will be seen that pedestrians prefer at-grade crossings rather than having to climb up and down to cross the road.Public transport in the middle of the road is not a new idea. It is at least a century old. The reason Delhi buses have to kill people is because they are forced to drive on the side where these modes are. Stops are at the red light and passengers are guided onto the zebra crossing where they can cross safely. At present bus passengers have to run across the road when they have to take a bus or leave it. This is because if people live or work on both sides of the road, then at every bus stop about 50% have to cross the full road to take the bus or after leaving it. At present there are no facilities and so they kill themselves.DIMTS is following design guidelines set by UTTIPEC, which has been based on best international practices and has been approved by the governing body of UTTIPEC.Smita Mathew, Manager, Corporate CommunicationsDelhi Integrated Multi-ModalTransit System Ltd", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12275951", "title": "Economic Survey: FDI in multi-brand retail could start in metros", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-talked about FDI in multi-brand retail could come into effect in a \"phased\" manner, beginning from metropolitan cities, according to the Economic Survey 2011-12.\"This (FDI in multi-brand retail) could begin in a phased manner in the metros, with the cap at a lower level coupled with incentivising the existing 'mom-and-pop' stores (kirana stores) to modernise and compete effectively with the retail shops, foreign or domestic,\" the survey said.It said that allowing foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail is one of the major issues in the services sector, but the move would address problems relating to food inflation, low prices realised by farmers and investment gaps in post-harvest infrastructure for agricultural produce.In November last year, the Cabinet allowed 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail and 100 per cent FDI in single-brand retail.Following widespread opposition, including from its own allies, the government suspended its decision to allow 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail.While the decision on FDI in the multi-brand sector has been suspended, the government has gone ahead with increasing foreign investment level in single-brand retail to 100 per cent from the earlier 51 per cent.\"While agricultural marketing could improve immensely with the growth of modern retail trade, the revenue to the government could also increase as at present the retail sector is largely unorganised and has low-tax compliance,\" it said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271045", "title": "Harbour at the helm of Mumbai\u2019s gravy train", "text": "MUMBAI: The first of the many benefits promised by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday is the addition of 75 services. It will be spread between the CST-Kalyan sector, which sees one of the most crowded commutes, and the Churchgate-Dahanu route; the latter is a new introduction and will ease travel pangs of thousands of commuters who stay in the extended western suburbs, which have become one of the biggest growth areas in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region.Expect 12-car rakes to chug into Harbour Line in a couple of years, which will increase the carrying capacity of a train by as much as 33 per cent (so, if a nine-car rake carries 4,500 people during the peak rush hour, a 12-car train will carry 6,000). Work on the ground - like lengthening of platforms and relocation of signal posts - will start after tenders are issued in the next couple of months.Another factor that will give Harbour Line commuters more space on trains is the proposed DC-to-AC conversion of the circuit on the CST-Panvel stretch. Western Railway has already started reaping its benefits - scores of services have been added - and Harbour Line can look forward to the same.Don't count the elevated corridor in your commute plans very soon but the minister's promise to look at an \"innovative funding model \" for the Churchgate-Virar and CST-Panvel sections and a feasibility study for the CST-Kalyan stretch indicates that the government is serious about taking this forward.The mention of the third phase of the Mumbai Urban Transport Project in the minister's speech is the icing on the cake. Much of your commute gains, like the new rakes, have come because of the first two phases of MUTP; so MUTP-III holds out the promise of more.Many of these projects reveal a concerted plan to pre-empt the demand for better transport infrastructure that will become a necessity once the new airport comes up; one of them is the proposal to fund a survey to study the possibility of a new link between the proposed airport and Thane.Panvel, one of the growth hubs in the region, will get a new terminal complex and neighbouring Kalamboli a coachmaintenance facility. Navi Mumbaikars can expect the first phase, which will give Panvel two extra platforms too accommodate extra long-distance services, to be complete in a year; officials say they can pull off the entire project in four to five years if there is a steady flow of funds. \"The project will cost Rs 800 crore,\" Cidco MD Tanaji Satre said.Cidco and railways are already implementing a Rs-1412 crore project for new railway lines and stations on the Belapur-Seawoods-Uran stretch; there are plans for 10 more stations along Dronagiri, Ulve, Nhava and Uran. \"These areas are located close to the upcoming airport and the Special Economic Zones in Navi Mumbai,\" Satre said. The project has been delayed because of some financial issues between railways and Cidco but they have now been sorted out. The other budget proposals, to add a third line between Virar and Panvel and give a dedicated line for fast trains between CST and Panvel, will contribute to the growth.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269319", "title": "Aarushi case: Rajesh Talwar\u2019s bail extended", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spelling relief for Dr Rajesh Talwar, a Special CBI court extended his bail in the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case on Wednesday. The court also offered some respite to Nupur Talwar - who was absent at the hearing - asking her to appear in court within 30 days, as directed by Allahabad High Court on Tuesday. The hearing in the case was adjourned to April 11 by CBI Special Judicial Magistrate Preeti Singh.Though CBI had filed an application seeking judicial custody for the Talwars, the court did not accept the agency's plea.Dr Rajesh Talwar arrived in court around 9.30am with his counsel Pravin Rai while Nupur Talwar was represented by her lawyer. Ghaziabad police had deployed around 50 personnel outside the court. SSP Raghubir Lal also visited the premises to take stock of the security arrangement. The media was barred from attending the hearing, with only CBI's prosecution department, Talwar and his lawyer being allowed inside the courtroom.The prosecution and Talwar's lawyer argued for almost one hour. CBI prosecutor R K Saini said that the stage was set for compliance with sections 207 and 209 of Criminal Procedure Code under which both accused (Dr Rajesh and Nupur Talwar) have to submit themselves to the custody of the court and apply for regular bail. The CBI had told the court that the agency wanted the bail to be cancelled as it was conditional.Dr Rajesh Talwar had been arrested by Noida Police in 2008 but he had been released under section 169 of CrPC when CBI claimed that he had no role in the murders. Only after the agency filed a final report in the case in December 2010, the CBI court declared him and Nupur Talwar accused for murder and destruction of evidence.The Supreme Court, in its January 9 order, had granted Rajesh Talwar an interim relief asking him to appear in court on February 4. The judge took the apex court order into consideration and rejected CBI's application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268719", "title": "Two teenage boys drown in separate incidents", "text": "PUNE: The Pune fire brigade fished out the body of a 13-year-old boy from a canal in Hadapsar on Wednesday afternoon.The boy has been identified as John Swamy of St Anthony boys' hostel, St Patrick's Church, Hadapsar.Swamy is suspected to have drowned on Tuesday.Fire officer Shivaji Chavan told TOI that Swamy accidentally fell into the water body. \"We had searched for him twice on Tuesday, but could not trace him then,\" Chavan said.Swamy's body was found in the canal near Gosavi vasti in Hadapsar on Wednesday.In another incident, a 17-year-old boy drowned in a quarry at Lohegaon. The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.The police have identified the deceased as Amir Rafiq Shaikh, a resident of Lohegaon.A fire official said that the incident took place when Shaikh and his friends were swimming in the quarry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12271438", "title": "Encyclopaedia Britannica to stop printing after 244 years", "text": "After 244 years, the Encyclopaedia Britannica is going out of print. Those coolly authoritative , gold-lettered reference books that were once sold door-to-door by a fleet of travelling salesmen and displayed as proud fixtures in American homes will be discontinued , company executives said.In an acknowledgment of the realities of the digital age - and of competition from the website Wikipedia - Encyclopaedia Britannica will focus primarily on its online encyclopedias and educational curriculum for schools. The last print version is the 32-volume 2010 edition , which weighs 129 pounds and includes new entries on global warming and the Human Genome Project.\"It's a rite of passage in this new era,\" Jorge Cauz, the president of Encyclopaedia Britannica Inc., a company based in Chicago , said in an interview. \"Some people will feel sad about it and nostalgic about it. But we have a better tool now. The website is continuously updated, it's much more expansive and it has multimedia.\"In the 1950s, having the Encyclopaedia Britannica on the bookshelf was akin to a station wagon in the garage or a black-and-white Zenith in the den, a possession coveted for its usefulness and as a goalpost for an aspirational middle class. Buying a set was often a financial stretch, and many families had to pay for it in monthly installments.The Britannica, the oldest continuously published encyclopedia in the English language , has become a luxury item with a $1,395 price tag. It is frequently bought by embassies , libraries and research institutions. Only 8,000 sets of the 2010 edition have been sold, and the remaining 4,000 have been stored in a warehouse until they are bought.In recent years, print reference books have been almost completely overtaken by the internet. Since it was started 11 years ago, Wikipedia has moved a long way toward replacing the authority of experts with the wisdom of the crowds. NYT NEWS SERVICE", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12275165", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav defends inclusion of Raja Bhaiya in cabinet", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow: Akhilesh Yadav, the architect of Samajwadi Party's phenomenal victory in Uttar Pradesh state assembly elections, on Thursday, capitulated to the conventional politics of compromise by inducting the muscleman Kunwar Raghuraj Pratap Singh aka Raja Bhaiya in his cabinet. Not only that, he went on to defend it as well.Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday swore in as the 33rd UP chief minister, along with 19 cabinet ministers and 28 ministers of state. Raja Bhaiya, inducted as one of the ministers, is an accused in at least at least eight criminal cases. The charges against him include attempt to murder, murder, dacoity, abduction, corruption etc.The inclusion of Raja Bhaiya in the cabinet came as a surprise to many in the country, given the young chief minister's efforts to break away from SP's previous image of the 'goonda raj' (rule of the goons) that was created when Akhilesh's father Mulayam Singh Yadav governed the state in 2003-07.The view about the image makeover was reinforced in the run up to the recent elections, when Akhilesh ensured that another muscleman and sitting MLA from Sahaswan, DP Yadav was denied a party ticket. At a public rally in one of the eastern UP districts, Akhilesh had told media that there was no place for people like DP Yadav in his party. DP Yadav was not considered even though some of the senior SP leaders including Azam Khan were in his favour.A politician with criminal antecedents and pending criminal cases, Raja Bhaiya has been associated with Samajwadi Party for long. He contested elections from Kunda seat of Pratapgarh district. Though delimitation trimmed his overall vote share, he won the elections for fifth time in a row.In 2002, Raja Bhaiya was sent to jail under Prevention of Terrorism Act (POTA), along with his father Udai Pratap Singh and cousin, Akshay Pratap Singh. While, Akshay managed to get bail, Raja Bhaiya's pleas were rejected several times. It was only after Mulayam Singh Yadav became the chief minister, Raja Bhaiya was granted bail. Sources say that within 25 minutes of Mulyam's swearing in as chief minister, all POTA charges were dropped against Raja Bhaiya.He was appointed as minister for food and civil supplies in 2005. He was also given the Z-category of security (highest level) though threats against him were not specified. Raja is accused of settling scores with a cop, RS Pandey who had raided his house. Pandey was killed in a road accident which is being investigated by the CBI.However, on Thursday, addressing his first press conference as the chief minister of the state, Akhilesh said the cases against Raja Bhaiya were politically motivated.\"If you check the dates of cases lodged against Raja Bhaiya, you will know who is behind him,\" Akhilesh said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12274529", "title": "BEd eludes Garhwa aspirants", "text": "GARHWA: Students of Garhwa district seeking admission to various postgraduate (PG) and BEd courses are a harried lot as no PG course except Sanskrit and sociology have been introduced in SSJSN College, a constituent unit of Nilamber Pitamber university (NPU), despite repeated demands by the students and guardians.Various students organizations, including Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), and guardians have sought starting of BEed teaching at SSJSN College from this session as well as introduction of PG courses in all subjects. ABVP district convener Ritesh Chaubey on Wednesday handed over a memorandum to SSJSN College principal Mahendra Ram for forwarding it to NPU vice-chancellor Firoz Ahmad. The memorandum contained demand for BEd teaching at the college from the current session and introduction of PG courses in all subjects.Due to delay in starting the BEd teaching in the lone constituent college in Garhwa district, several students seeking admission have been deprived of higher education as they cannot afford to take admission in private BEd colleges. As a result, even those students who are meritorious but come from economically poor families are disappointed, said Aslam Ansari, a guardian. Similarly, those students desirous of doing their PG course in other subjects instead of Sanskrit and sociology cannot continue their higher studies outside the district.As a result, a large number of poor but meritoriousboys and girls are forced to discontinue higher studies, said Jookhu Prasad, another guardian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "12275336", "title": "Thai govt blocks 5,000 webpages insulting royal family", "text": "BANGKOK: Thai authorities have blocked thousands of web pages deemed insulting to the monarchy in the past three months, police said today, amid growing debate about the kingdom's lese majeste law.More than 5,000 pages with content deemed to be critical of the royal family were taken down between December and March, Thailand's national police spokesman Piya Utayo told reporters.\"We found that the number of inappropriate or insulting posts was less and less,\" he said, without explaining the cause of the reduction.Lese majeste, or article 112 of the Thai criminal code, is designed to protect senior royals from insult, but academics say it has been politicised in recent years.The royal family is an extremely sensitive subject in Thailand, with 84-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej revered as a demi-god by many.Social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter are providing a platform for both critics of the law and ultra-monarchists, who have encouraged Internet users to report posts that are regarded as insulting the royals.On Monday, media rights group Reporters Without Borders said in a report that the current Thai government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra had presided over a worsening of Internet censorship.\"If Thailand continues down the slope of content filtering and jailing netizens on lese majeste charges, it could soon join the club of the world's most repressive countries as regards the Internet,\" the report said.Under Thailand's strict lese majeste rules, insulting the monarchy or a member of the royal family can result in jail terms of up to 15 years. Anyone can file a lese majeste complaint, and police are duty-bound to investigate it.And under Thailand's computer crime law, introduced in 2007, acts of defamation and posting false rumours online are punishable by five years in jail.Recent cases have sparked fierce debates, including over a 61-year-old man who was jailed in November for 20 years for sending text messages deemed insulting to the monarchy.A Thai political activist was sentenced in February to seven and a half years in prison for insulting the monarchy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276638", "title": "Rail budget disappoints MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Railway budget for fiscal 2012-13 has apparently come as a disappointment to Madhya Pradesh as the proposals, mooted by Railway Minister Dinesh Trivedi for the state is being seen as too little and not in sync with the growing requirements of a developing state.Reacting to the rail budget proposals, Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan expressed disappointment over the increase in railway passenger fares saying that the state's overall interests in rail sector has been completely ignored. \"There is no concrete proposal for extension of railway services in the state\", he added. However, he welcomed the proposal to establish a plant for manufacturing of traction alternators for high horse power diesel locomotives at Vidisha, a lok sabha constituency which he had represented in the past and now being represented by leader of the opposition in the Lok sabha Sushma Swaraj.Pithampur Audyogik Sangthan president Gautam Kothari described it as a \"pedestrian\" budget. There is no commitment of Indore-Dahod rail line during the year 2012-13, he said and pointed out that priority should have been given to Indore-Mhow line. There is only 5% increase in the budget outlay for the next fiscal to Rs 60100 crore as compared to the current fiscal's allocation of Rs 57000 crore, he said. It is despite the fact that the number of railway projects has increased manifold during this period, from 340 to 487. \"This meant reduction in the budget for the already existing projects\", he pointed out.Rajwada Cloth Market Merchant Association president Dhanraj Wadhwani welcomed the proposal to introduce double-decker Indore-Habibganj Express but said he doubted its technical feasibility with the existing infrastructure. There is no promise for Ratlam Khandwa gauge conversion and there is no talk of construction of a world-class railway station at Indore, which had been already promised to the people living in Indore, Wadhwani said.Former minister Pushparaj Singh, who hails from Rewa, said the decision to introduce Rewa-Bina-Indore railway services saying that it would open the gateway for commercial affluence and prosperity to the people living in Vindhya Region.\"It will also help those nearly a lakh students who come to Indore from Vindhya region for their studies.OP Khandelwal, a professor of Physics at a Badwani collect, said the railway ministry had earlier sent to planning commission a proposal for Khandwa-Dhar via Khargone Badwani railway line. Once completed, the project is likely to benefit 35 lakh tribals living in the four districts besides giving a boost to the cash crop trade like cotton and sugarcane, he added.For Bimal Jhanjhari, a railway activist, it's a disappointing budget. The present railway minister continued the tradition of ignoring and neglecting MP in general and Indore in particular, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12271170", "title": "Rail Budget: Wagon, coach makers sense new business", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when railways minister Dinesh Trivedi has been at the receiving end from political parties for increasing fares, manufacturers of wagons, coach and rail components have thrown their weight behind his proposals in the Railway Budget and said it would lead the railways to a higher level.Umesh Chowdhary, VC &amp; MD, Titagarh Wagons, said the upgradation of track, signalling bridges, rolling stock, etc, are steps towards that direction. \"One very positive aspect of the budget is the announcement of the logistics corporation to use and develop railway yards as freight terminals,\" he said. The operating ratio target of 74-75% is a positive initiative, he added.\"The National Policy on Railways is needed to provide 10% of total infrastructure spend on railways,\" said Ramesh Maheshwari, executive VC of Texmaco Rail &amp; Engineering. He said the budget has focused on accelerated development of double-decker flat container wagons, autocars, and new-design 25T axle load freight cars. The increase in planned investments as against investments in the previous years, which will mean increased business opportunities for infrastructure companies, was highlighted as one of the positives by Sanjay Chandra, chief executive (railways), KEC InternationalRuia Group chairman P K Ruia, which owns Jessop, said the minister has indeed presented a vision in his budget. \"But I wish he had elaborated on the target and policies on purchase of coaches and wagons,\" he added.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12269845", "title": "Hookah joint owners assault BBMP officials", "text": "BANGALORE: Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) crackdown on a coffee bar serving hookah near Lalbagh on Wednesday turned nasty, when a father-son duo running the joint assaulted the civic officials.Kamal Jain and his son Anupam, who run the coffee shop Puzzle Mudpipe on Lalbagh Road, were slapped six cases, including criminal charges. While Kamal was arrested, Anupam is absconding. Eighteen hookah pipes were confiscated.Tipped off about a hookah bar being run in the cafe by a TV channel's sting operation, BBMP personnel swooped down on the joint at 2.15pm. A media contingent accompanied the BBMP team.About 20 customers, including college students, were found smoking hookah. There were no minors among the customers.Kamal and Anupam initially picked an argument with the BBMP team and came up with evasive tactics, like producing some papers to prove their business was above board.As the argument hotted up, Anupam assaulted the BBMP officials, including Dr M N Lokesh, health officer-south, BBMP. His father joined in, landing blows on the civic officials and media persons.The media personnel and BBMP officials then rushed to SJ Park police station and filed a complaint against the Jains. Cases were booked under Sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 427 (causing loss or damage of an amount of Rs 50 or upwards), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) of the Indian Penal Code.Wednesday's raid on Puzzle Mudpipe comes nine days after a raid on Seven Hills Snooker Club on Residency Road. Several school students were caught smoking hookah while playing snooker.Cops to help crack down on hookah barsThere will be no let up in the BBMP drive against hookah joints, civic officials said. The unsavoury incidents during Wednesday's raid has resulted in the BBMP fine-tuning its strategy. Civic officials on raids will now be assisted by Central Crime Branch men. CCB and BBMP officials are meeting on Thursday to work out the modalities.BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said the civic body would crack down on hookah bars and raids would be conducted on such joints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268143", "title": "DMK tightens screws on Lanka censure", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the UPA-II is facing pressure from its chief ally Trinamool Congress on fare hikes in the Rail Budget, the Tamil parties are trying to corner the government on Sri Lanka's alleged human rights violations against the Tamils. The UPA government's unwillingness to vote against Sri Lanka in a US-sponsored resolution at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva caused an uproar in Parliament on Wednesday, with Tamil parties in both the Houses walking out in protest.India has a tradition of not voting on any country-specific resolution, but it's unclear whether New Delhi will be able to explain this position to Congress's allies in Tamil Nadu. Given the current weakness of the government, the danger remains for India upending its own foreign policy concerns to domestic political compulsions. The government's dilemma is acute since it needs all the help it can get from allies to pass important legislation during the Budget session.In Chennai, DMK chief Karunanidhi said that the party would deem it as a betrayal of Tamils if the Centre didn't support the US resolution on Lanka. He, however, added a caveat that he \"cannot decide on withdrawing support to the Centre on this. We would discuss and decide in our executive.\"In a statement, external affairs minister S M Krishna said, \"on such sensitive issues we will need to consider the implications of our actions carefully. Any assertions on our part may have implications on our historically friendly relations with a neighbouring country. We would also need to examine whether our actions will actually assist in the process of reconciliation in Sri Lanka, and enhance the current dialogue between the Government of Sri Lanka and Tamil parties, including the Tamil National Alliance.\"The government has a breather of about 10 days because the resolution is taken up for a vote in Geneva on March 23. But as Tamil leaders insisted, they want nothing short of an Indian endorsement of the UN resolution.Dissatisfied with Krishna's statement, DMK, AIADMK and CPI members in both the Houses demanded that India support the UN resolution. In the Lok Sabha , DMK's T R Baalu walked out in protest while AIADMK members tore up Krishna's speech. They gathered to the well of the House shouting slogans of \"injustice to Tamils'' forcing an adjournment for half-an hour.In the Rajya Sabha, Kanimozhi led the protests against the government's statement, while AIADMK members tore up a copy of his statement there too. Saying, \"We cannot accept a statement like this,\" Kanimozhi asked how the government was so certain that Sri Lanka would abide by its promises. Her party colleague T Siva too was adamant. \"Nothing short of an assurance here that government of India will unequivocally support the resolution in the UNHRC will pacify,\" he said.In his statement on the forthcoming resolution, Krishna said, \"We are engaged with all parties in an effort to achieve a forward looking outcome that is based on reconciliation and accountability rather than deepening confrontation and mistrust .... I may mention that the issue of human rights allegations against Sri Lanka is yet to come up for formal discussion at the 19th Session of the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.\"Indian diplomats are working hard to try to take the resolution off the table, so that a vote is not necessary. On the other hand, Indian officials are not completely unhappy about the spate of political protests - the Rajapakse government according to sources, has refused to move on the 13th amendment provisions.Assuring the House that the government will keep in mind the views and sentiments expressed by MPs before taking a final view on the resolution, Krishna later told them while replying to clarifications \"when human rights are violated, India is not going to be lulled into complacency\".While noting that India's objectives continue to be the achievement of a future for the Lankan Tamils, who are marked by equality, dignity, justice and self-respect, he said, \"We would certainly like Sri Lanka to look at their human rights issue in a very serious manner.\"He made it clear that \"meddling with internal affairs of another country is certainly not\" is keeping in tune with the best traditions of Indian foreign policy. He pointed out that the decision to send a parliamentary delegation to Sri Lanka to take a view of the rehabilitation work being done for Lankan Tamils could not take place as the Leader of Opposition had some engagements.The minister's assurance that India is committed to see that the Sri Lankan government implemented all the major recommendations of Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC), however, did not satisfy the members from the Opposition and ally DMK. CPI's D Raja said the minister's statement \"has not taken note of the ground realities in Sri Lanka\" and questioned why India should wait for the US or Norway to take up the issue of war crimes against Tamils in that country. \"India should be the first country to raise the issue of war crime. We should have taken the lead...Succumbing to certain blackmail, certain pressures...that India can't do,\" he said.BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu said the government has \"miserably failed\" to persuade Sri Lanka to take action against the war crimes. \"Can we close our eyes to what has happened?\" Naidu asked, urging the government to take Parliament into confidence before formulating its response to the UN resolution issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12272050", "title": "International Air Transport Association accreditation for GMR academy", "text": "HYDERABAD: GMR Aviation Academy (GMR AA) was accredited as an Authorized Training Centre (ATC) for aviation related programmes in India, by International Air Transport Association (IATA) on Wednesday.IATA entered into a MOU with GMR AA accrediting the latter as an ATC. GMR AA will conduct three IATA certificate programs those include Airport Operations, Travel &amp; Tourism and DGR courses. GMR AA already been appointed by Airport Council International (ACI) as its Global Training Hub (GTH) worldwide. DGCA has accredited GMR Aviation Academy to conduct the dangerous goods regulation training. It has also signed an MOU with 'Incheon International Airport Aviation Academy' for joint development and delivery of training programs . GMR AA is in the process of acquiring ICAO's 'Trainer plus 'stature.GMR Airports with four airports in Delhi, Hyderabad, Male and Istanbul has its aviation academy functioning from its GMR Hyderabad International Airport campus in Shamshabad, Hyderabad since 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271533", "title": "Shy CM-elect shared his first frame with Mulayam Singh at La Marts", "text": "LUCKNOW: He wouldn't have thought in his wildest dreams that the young man's pictures he was clicking at the historical La Martiniere building in Lucknow will one day take oath as the youngest chief minister of UP. The young boy posing differently was none other than Tipu aka Akhilesh Yadav and the person who captured those memorable moments was chief photographer of Maya magazine, Manmohan Sharma.Sharma used to cover Akhilesh's father during the time when he was the chief minister of UP. \"Once I was taking photographs of netaji along with his commandoes when I saw this young lad Akhilesh Yadav standing in a corner. I called him and clicked his picture with his father . After I clicked the pictures , he told me that this was his first picture with his father . While I was clicking Akhilesh's pictures with his father, it never appeared that I was clicking a father and a son together. I looked as if a young boy is posing with a very senior politician of the country. That's the kind of respect he has for his father. At that point of time, he came across as a shy but very cultured person,\" says Sharma.After his photo session with his father, Akhilesh asked the lensman to do his photo session at the famous La Martiniere building. It shows that he has a special place for this building in his heart as he's going to take oath on Thursday at this very venue .\"Akhilesh and I went at the La Martiniere together and he posed choosing different backgrounds . While he was posing in front of the camera, he saw a few poor children playing with some goats nearby. He went and started playing with those goats and the children. In fact, he borrowed one of the boys' cap and put it on his head,\" says Sharma.\"Seeing him play with those poor boys, I casually asked Akhilesh whether he would like to be a politician like his father, and he said, 'I won't enter politics simply because politicians make tall promises but do not deliver. This is the major reason why I don't like politics. And in case if I enter politics, I'll start doing work from the ground level like helping these poor children so that they make their own mark in the society. Since independence, India has progressed a lot. But seeing these children, it seems nothing significant has been done for the uplifment of these poor people,\" recounts Sharma.Now that Akhilesh has turned 38, and is more mature than what he was on that eventful day, Sharma hopes that the new chief minister will live upto his expectations and will not disappoint the people of UP who have chosen him as their new leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ambala/panchkula", "code": "12270151", "title": "Against job delay, teachers polish shoes, sweep floor in Haryana", "text": "AMBALA/PANCHKULA: In their protest against delayed recruitment, thousands of teachers who cleared the Haryana Teacher Eligibility Test (HTET) went to extremes on Wednesday. They swept the corridors and polished shoes at the gate of Siksha Sadan building in Panchkula.Expressing their willingness to work without pay till the recruitment begins, the teachers handed over copies of affidavits to chairman of Haryana teachers recruitment board Brig (retd) Nand Lal Punia, and Surina Rajan, commissioner, secretary of education, Haryana.On the call of Patar Adhyapak Sangh (an organization of HTET qualified candidates) thousands of teachers assembled in Panchkula. They started their procession from the bus stand and reached Siksha Sadan raising slogans against the state government.The protesters said the government was making excuses by saying that the regular recruitments would begin once the contractual teachers were relieved. They said the induction process would take time and the students shall suffer if the guest teachers are removed.State president of the Sangh, Rajender Sharma, said, \"We shall intensify our protest if nothing happens soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12270826", "title": "A high-voltage bypoll battle on the cards", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: The DMK that has come in for much criticism for erratic power supply during the last assembly elections has, in an interesting turn of events, picked power cuts as the main poll plank in the Sankarankoil by elections, while the AIADMK is struggling to defend itself.\"We were forced to suspend power supply only for two hours. But now you are thrust with 10 hours of power cuts,\" DMK men, right from union minister M K Alagiri to the DMK's lesser known platform speakers cry hoarse. \"It was electricity mismanagement and lack of policy vision on part of the DMK government that rendered the state power deficient,\" retort AIADMK men at public meetings.The power crisis is set to be the deciding factor in the polls, which both parties seem to have understood. The powerloom industry alone has 25,000 voters of the 2.05 lakh-strong electorate in the constituency.The four-decade-old powerloom sector has suffered a severe drubbing in the last two months alone due to incessant power cuts. \"The industry offers livelihood to 10,000 families directly or indirectly. All these families are suffering for the past two months due to fall in production. The future is even more grim,\" says S Dharmalingam, president of the Thirumugan Small Powerloom Owners Association.A few functionaries of the powerloom owners association who were vociferously opposing power cuts have grown silent in the last few days apparently after a team of senior AIADMK ministers held a meeting with them. But the anger is palpable among the owners and the workers. Posters have cropped up across Sankarankoil town condemning the state government for the power crisis.Agriculture is the other key sector in the backward constituency and farmers too are sore over the power cuts. \"We are not asking for electricity to run air conditioners or television sets, but for our livelihood. If the crops fail, we will have to suffer for the whole year besides ending up in debt,\" says S Nagendran, a young farmer from Kuruvikulam.\"We are getting just two hours of three-phase power supply to run our agriculture pumpsets. How is it possible to sustain our crops without water?\" asks an angry Kathasamy in Ilavankulam village, a small hamlet of 400 households.Sensing the mood of the people, the DMDK and the MDMK have also started bashing the AIADMK government for the power crisis, hoping to garner votes.The Paramakudi police firing is also expected to have a bearing in the elections at Sankarankoil, a reserved constituency with nearly 40% dalit voters. In at least two villages - Ilavankulam and Palaya Appaneri - Puthiya Tamilagam president K Krishnasamy had to face angry dalit youth for aligning with AIADMK even after the killing of dalits at Paramakudi. \"We are more pained at the justification of the firing by the state government. That shows the attitude of the government towards dalits,\" says P Suresh Kumar at Palaya Appaneri. However, a section of dalits have other reasons to oppose or support the ruling party.Despite criticism, the AIADMK hopes the electorate will reward them in the election with a victory as most of them are beneficiaries of various state government freebies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269920", "title": "Can\u2019t see stars for too much light", "text": "GURGAON: Nothing spoils a stargazing party as the bright city lights do. Light pollution - ironically, given the power availability in Gurgaon - has been on the rise here with each passing year. Which is bad news for the astronomy buffs who have to travel further and further away to get beneath clearer skies.To scientifically observe how the night sky has altered above the urban areas, Delhi-based NGO, SPACE, is organizing a campaign, which it calls the Great Indian Star Count (GISC), in both Delhi and Gurgaon. Over 400 school students will be participating in this 10-day exercise, where data pertaining to night-sky visibility from different areas in Delhi and NCR would be compiled and compared.The organization held a similar survey last year, and reported a 5% increase in light pollution in the Delhi-Gurgaon region. The basic idea behind the campaign is to make participants count the number of stars visible from their respective areas, and report the results to the organizers, who then translate the figures to compute light pollution in a given area.\"SPACE has been conducting the Great Indian Star Count for several years in an effort to bring back dark skies and make students aware of light pollution and its effect on the night-sky,\" said a SPACE representative. From Gurgaon, the Delhi Public School, Amity International, and Our Lady of Fatimah Convent School are among the ones participating.\"The whole procedure is simple. We have given some charts to students on how to find the Orion constellation in the sky,\" said Mila Mitra, a scientific officer at SPACE. All students from all regions will focus on the same overhead constellation and will have to count the number of visible stars there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12271547", "title": "Muda to distribute sites in 3 new layouts", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) on Wednesday indicated that it's ready to distribute sites in three newly developed layouts.The urban body is waiting for chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's visit to the city to allot these sites. Muda chairman L Nagendra, who inspected civil works in Lalithadrinagar on the foothills of Chamundi Hills, said they are ready to distribute the sites and the seniority list will be published shortly. Earlier, the urban body had planned to distribute sites by February-end. Now, it has revised the dates and is likely to do it by month-end. In all, 3,099 sites will be distributed.According to Nagendra, the CM will visit the city after he presents the state budget. \"The Muda has developed sites at Lalithadrinagar, Ravindranath Tagore Nagar and Chamalapura. Works at R T Nagar and Chamalapura are complete, while at Lalithadrinagar, works related to underground drainage and roads are pending. It will be through shortly,\" he told reporters.Muda commissioner CG Betsurmath accompanied Nagendra. The team inspected the under-construction Beggars' Rehabilitation Centre in Jyothinagar for which the civic body is investing Rs 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12274307", "title": "Indian developers to pitch properties to NRIs at Doha exhibit", "text": "DUBAI: Indian developers are all geared up to offer NRI investors a wide choice of properties ranging from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 15 crore across India at an exhibit starting tomorrow.They are congregating at the 20th India Property Exhibition in Doha on Friday to showcase more than 100 projects spread across New Delhi, the National Capital Region, Jaipur, Mumbai, Pune, Goa, Hyderabad and several other cities, according to organisers.The USD 12 billion realty market in India is on a high growth curve, because of the fast growing economy, increased participation of global players in the Indian market and new technological innovations.According to organisers - Indus Fairs and Events (India) and Apex Business Solutions, Doha - the investment portfolio includes apartments, independent houses, bungalows, luxury villas, farmhouses, commercial properties, beach resorts and plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12270811", "title": "Pre-poll adversaries Congress, NCP now partners in AMC", "text": "AMRAVATI: During the campaigning for municipal elections, leaders of the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party spared no chance to criticize each other. After the election results, political compulsions have turned adversaries into alliance partners.Congress emerged as single largest party by securing 25 seats. However, in the 87-member house, the party needed a tie-up to reach the magic figure of 44. NCP had secured 17 seats and was considering different equations to come to power, but none of them worked.It was an open secret that NCP and Congress leaders were not willing to form an alliance with each other but the result forced them to go for a tie-up. Two candidates of Muslim League and independent corporator Dhiraj Hiwse also joined Congress, increasing the party's strength to 28. Meanwhile, six independent candidates under leadership of Hamid Shadda formed a group with NCP, increasing its total strength to 23. Congress with 28 candidates after formation group and NCP with 23 candidates formed power on AMC with a majority of 51 candidates.The civic poll was a prestige issue for MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat. Like in the case of Amravati assembly elections, former MLA and Congress leader Sunil Deshmukh posed a challenge for him by forming his party Janvikas Congress. Both Shekhawat and Deshmukh left no stone unturned during the civil elections campaigning. However, it was Shekhavat who ultimately achieved a resounding victory in AMC polls.Veteran leader Deshmukh, during his regime as Amravati MLA, could get 21 seats for Congress in the 2007 civic poll elections. By contrast, Shekhawat, a novice in politics, secured 25 seats in the 2012 civic elections.Shekhawat also took a mature decision during the appointment of mayor. The seat was reserved for a scheduled tribe candidate and Congress had two candidates eligible for the post, Dr Divya Sisode and Vandana Kangale.Shekhawat asked both Sisode and Kangale to file nominations but Sisode withdrew her claim at the last moment. Sisode, 24, is an unmarried BAMS doctor while Kangale is a 37-year-old housewife.It was speculated that Sisode, having a strong educational background, would get the seat of mayor. However, Congress decided to give the post of Kangale who has not even completed her graduation. However, what went in her favour was that she is the wife of a Talathi and a housewife and would be considered the face of a commoner. Kangale was pitted against Raju Masram of Jan Vikas Congress. However, victory came easily for Kangale who secured 51 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12274999", "title": "Girl killed, 5 wounded in Imphal bomb blast", "text": "IMPHAL: An 8-year-old girl was killed and five others injured in a bomb blast in Imphal East district today, officials said.The bomb exploded at the house of Pebam Jilla Singh of Pangei area under Lamlai police station.The five injured, including wife of Jilla, were rushed to the Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12271077", "title": "Government Medical College Hospital to hold workshops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Government Medical College Hospital, Sector 32, in collaboration with regional office for Health &amp; Family Welfare, Kendriya Sadan, and Central Bureau of Health Intelligence (CBHI), directorate general of health services, Union ministry of health and family welfare, is organizing two workshops on ICD-10 coding on March 15 and 16, for orientation of faculty, resident doctors and concerned staff dealing with medical records on importance and use of ICD-10 coding.The international statistical classification of diseases and related health problems, 10th version (ICD-10) is the international standard prescribed by WHO . This information is essential for meaningful conclusion on the health status of the population and for planning development of facilities for medical and healthcare and their efficient functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12271562", "title": "Approach us for help, says Commission for Women's chief", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka State Commission for Women chairperson Manjula C on Wednesday said the commission is contemplating helping couples who marry outside their caste or have had an inter-caste marriage.The chairperson said those in such situations may approach the commission or police. The commission is ready to extend protection to such couples.After visiting the crime scene where assistant Kannada professor Smruthi D K was murdered by her brother in Mysore, Manjula described the act as heinous.\"It appears that society has still not come out of caste and community moorings when it comes to marriages and and election,\" she said.Manjula has said that she will pursue both suspected cases of honour killings, in Mysore and Mandya. She will soon convene a meeting of officials to discuss measures to tackle such cases. The chairperson was accompanied by member-advocate Mythili. She will be visiting Mandya on Thursday to follow up the case of Abalavadi.Students in shock Smruthi D K was a popular teacher at the Government First Grade College in Chamarajanagar.First year BBM student Mohan Kumar A S told TOI that she was jovial and provided stationery for the needy students. \" I saw her for the last time on Thursday,\" he said. Scores of students came to Mysore as soon as they heard of the tragic news.College Principal Marumadu C said Smruthi began her career as assistant professor at their college in September 2009. \"She was on leave from Saturday to Thursday citing personal reasons,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270158", "title": "Jat protest: Who burnt judge's car? HC wants list of miscreants", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed Haryana government to furnish a list of all those involved in the burning of the car of district and sessions judge of Jind and damaging public property while protesting for reservation for jat community under OBC quota in government jobs.While giving six weeks time to the state government, division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover has asked the state government to produce the list so that action can be initiated against then according to the apex court guidelines.Demand of reservation for jats had triggered widespread violence in some parts of the state. On March 7, HC had sought a report from Haryana chief secretary and home secretary to submit a report about the burning of the judge's car.On March 6, the unruly mob seeking OBC quota for jats in government jobs set on fire a police post in cantonment area of Hisar and judge Raminder Jain's car near Mirchpur village. The mob also allegedly snatched the revolver of the judge's security guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12269605", "title": "Rail Budget: Goa gets new train to Gujarat", "text": "MARGAO: Goa benefits from the railway budget presented in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday by the introduction of a new weekly train from Margao to Hapa in Gujarat.Though there already exist a few Gujarat-bound trains passing through Goa and halting at Margao, these originate from cities in southern states like Ernakulam, and therefore Goans had difficulty in getting confirmed tickets. The new train is likely to make travel easier for Goans. As many are Gujarati traders residing in Goa, they are more likely to benefit from this train.The other announcement by Union railways minister Dinesh Trivedi , as far as Goa is concerned, is regarding the electrification survey of the Vasco line. Officials said the survey is meant to study the feasibility of converting traffic on the Vasco-Hubli-Bangalore line from diesel to electricity.The announcement in the budget speech is part of the electrification of the railway line, officials said adding that Vasco-Hubli-Bangalore is an important line as it is a freight route.Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271589", "title": "Palmolein case: Kannanthanam approaches vigilance court", "text": "KOCHI: Former MLA Alphons J Kannanthanam has filed a petition in the Thrissur vigilance court demanding that chief minister Oommen Chandy be made an accused in the 1992 palmolein import case ignoring the re-investigation report submitted by the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB).The magistrate has the power to ignore the VACB report, as well as make Oommen Chandy an accused according to section 190 of the Code of Criminal Procedure 1973, the petition says.Thiruvananthapuram vigilance judge P K Haneefa had suo motu ordered a re-investigation into the role of Chandy in the deal. The chief minister was crime witness no. 23 in the case registered in 1992, which is alleged to have taken place when he was in charge of the finance department in the K Karunakaran ministry.Even though the investigation team submitted a report exonerating Chandy, the judge had ordered a re-investigation on August 8 last. Subsequently, the judge recused himself from the case. On October 28 last, high court ruled that Chandy didn't have to be implicated in the case and had dismissed Kannanthanam's petition asking for a court-monitored investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269482", "title": "Rail Budget: Maharaja inches closer to the Rajdhani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unless the railway minister bows to party chief Mamata Banerjee's diktat to roll back the fare hike, the Rajdhanis may lose their AC-I regulars to flights. The 30 paise-per-km hike in luxury-class fares has brought it within kissing distance of the early-bird fares of low-cost carriers.But apart from the AC-I tariff on long-distance Rajdhanis, trains are still the cheaper option even after the controversial hike announced by Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday. And despite this first-in-a-decade hike in train fares, the gap with airfares is all set to widen as airlines are now desperate to raise ticket prices to stay afloat.\"Even today you can find air tickets at almost the price of train tickets on busy sectors like Delhi-Mumbai as airlines are selling way below cost price. But with the kind of losses airlines are reporting now, they may soon have to raise fares by 20-25% to survive,\" said Ankur Bhatia, head of a major airline ticket sale technology provider.Also, travel agents point out that the limited availability of train tickets will ensure that people travelling in an emergency will have to cough up whatever spot fares airlines are charging. \"Train fares may be low but have you ever tried getting a seat or berth in an emergency for spot travel? Unless the railways is able to offer more seats, faster trains and clean service on long-haul journeys, they cannot be a real competition to airlines,\" said a travel agent.However, airlines will need to fight for passengers for short or even medium-haul travel. For instance, the Delhi-Jammu Rajdhani fare is under Rs 2,000 for all classes while the usual low-cost carrier advance fare is almost always way overRs 3,000. And in peak season it could cost Rs 6,000 for a one-way flight.The founder of the low-cost-carrier model in India, G R Gopinath of the erstwhile Air Deccan, says India needs more budget airlines and it will happen soon. \"At present, just 3% of India flies once a year and the rest travel by train. This will change only when the fare difference between train fares and at least half of the seats sold on every low cost carrier flight here is 20-30%, as in Europe. That kind of fare gap will lead to a switch from train to airlines and expand the market,\" he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270527", "title": "NMC may scrap Moksha contract for city Wi-Fi project", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as nearly every mobile phone today allows netizens to remain connected on the go, NMC is still trying to find a contractor to provide citywide Wi-Fi connectivity.Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had decided make Orange City the first Wi-Fi enabled city in the country with help from local software firm Moksha Communications, but is now planning to scrap this contract. NMC plans to invite expressions of interests (EoI) from other service providers keen to invest in the project.A proposal has been prepared and sent for approval to municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and newly elected standing committee headed by Dayashankar Tiwari, said RS Kamble, who is handling the project on behalf of NMC. Kamble admitted NMC has been unsuccessfully trying to provide Wi-Fi services since last three years.Since the early 2000s, many cities around the world had announced plans for citywide Wi-Fi networks , but none have done it successfully.In August 2009, NMC standing panel headed by Pravin Bhishikar asked Moksha to set up a wireless connectivity network, scrapping an earlier proposal from Zylog Systems on build-operate-and-transfer (BOT) basis. NMC proposed to provide seamless Internet connectivity across the city without a landline or modem.\"The joint venture planned to set up 100 towers to serve 217 square km area under NMC. Most towers were to be set up atop NMC buildings. In return, the company assured Wi-Fi services 3G to 4G services to NMC and its associate offices free for two years. The service provider was to pay Rs 200 per node to the civic body as rent after the first 24 months of installation,\" Kamble said.New York-based International Communications Enterprises (ICE) had joined hands with Moksha to plan the Wi-Fi service, however since last many months there has been no communication from Moksha officials. The service provider seems to have lost interest in the project, since several reminders have remained unanswered. \"So, NMC decided to scrap the contract and invite others,\" Kamble said.The company had also promised to provide greater bandwidth, which would benefit desktop users. Kamble said he has not received any response or indication from Moksha regarding launching of services or the project status in last one-and-a-half years.Despite repeated attempts, Girish Wadwekar of Moksha Communications could not be contacted for comments.At present, Wi-Fi service is available at only a few locations in the city, mostly luxury hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucnow", "code": "12271549", "title": "High Court dismisses PIL seeking extension of 15th assembly", "text": "LUCNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Wednesday dismissed a PIL seeking extension of the 15th assembly till May 21, 2012, and that the newly elected MLAs should be debarred from casting vote in the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections to be held on March 30. A bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit passed the above order on the petition of a local lawyer Ashok Pandey.It was strongly contended on behalf of the state that the PIL was not maintainable and was filed for cheap popularity. It was also argued that under Representation of People's Act, the newly elected MLAs would form a part of the electoral roll and are entitled to vote on March 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12269955", "title": "Punjab gets new DGP, chief secretary", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The SAD BJP government, sworn-in on Wednesday, brought about a change in the top brass in administration and police department.Rakesh Singh, a 1978 batch Punjab cadre IAS officer, has been appointed chief secretary of the state while Sumedh Singh Saini, an IPS officer of 1982 batch, has been appointed director general of police.Saini has served as SSP of six districts of Bathinda, Hoshiarpur, Ludhiana (twice) besides UT Chandigarh.Rakesh Singh has worked deputy commissioner Ferozepur, MD CITCO, finance and home secretary in Chandigarh UT administration, secretary housing in Punjab, principal secretary medical education and currently working as additional secretary, in Union finance ministry.The outgoing chief secretary S C Aggarwal has been appointed as chief commissioner Right to Service Commission to monitor the implementation of newly introduced Right to Service Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12270866", "title": "One of the best budgets for Trichy, says divisional railway manager", "text": "TRICHY: The budget could not have come at a more appropriate time as far as the Tiruchirappalli division is concerned, and it is one of the best budgets, feels Divisional Railway Manager A V Vaidiyalingam. He said the gauge conversion on the 38-km track between Tiruvarur and Mayiladuthurai was almost complete, and the trial run would take place anytime now. This would be the first phase of gauge conversion, and the next would focus on the remaining Tiruvarur-Karaikudi stretch.Vaidiyalingam said the railways was going through better times, and once the necessary funds were allotted, the much-awaited projects would be expedited sooner than later. For instance, two most important projects that, once completed, would pave the way for the smooth running of passenger traffic were the doubling of tracks between Trichy and Thanjavur, a Rs 130-crore project running over a distance of about 50 km, and the doubling of the crucial Chengalpattu to Villupuram section, a distance of 153 km. If the full budget allocation was realized in time, the project could be completed as early as next December, he said. The scheme envisages doubling the broad gauge track by converting the existing metre gauge track between Changalpattu and Villupuram section.Interestingly, the Pattukottai-Karaikudi gauge conversion project would be started from March 15, and the last historic run over the metre gauge track was conducted on Wednesday. The gauge conversion project also resulted in some cancellation and partial cancellation of trains. For instance, the Tiruthuraipudi-Karaikudi Express (16861/16862) would be cancelled, and the Tiruvarur-Karikudi passenger (56891/56892) would run between Tiruvarur and Pattukottai only, said the DRM.He said in his personal capacity that many new trains could not be introduced owing to the non-availability of coaches, the 10% of which were condemned every year. As such, the news that the Raebareli coach factory was ready for rolling was heartening. Moreover, from April to February in 2011-12, Tiruchirappalli division had despatched 6.4 lakh tonnes of paddy from the delta region to various destinations particularly to Dharmapuri, Hosur, and Chennai regions. This figure was 50% more than what was dispatched during the corresponding period last year. Vaidiyalingam said the division had also surpassed the target of handling 8.5 million tonnes of freight by February 27, a month before the end of the fiscal. No wonder, the railways expected to earn 30% more freight revenue in 2012-13 which amounted to Rs 89,000 crore, he said.Since the main focus of the budget was on safety, consolidation, decongestion and capacity development, Vaidiyalingam said this was the need of the hour, and hence it was the best budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270343", "title": "MLA's ill-treatment referred to panel", "text": "PATNA: State legislative assembly Speaker Udai Narain Choudhary on Wednesday referred the matter of ill-treatment and humiliation of ailing MLA Damodar Singh by the Go Air airlines staff here in February last, to the privilege committee of the House.Earlier, during zero hour, Manjit Singh raised the issue of the fellow MLA being humiliated at the Patna airport by the staff of Go Air, who did not allow him to board a Delhi-bound aircraft for treatment.Manjit said the airline staff had not only disallowed the MLA to board the aircraft but also humiliated him by saying they knew how to treat legislators. He demanded that the matter be referred to privilege committee so that such incidents did not recur.Nitish Kumar , announced in the House that Bihar has set a new world record in potato production with his namesake farmer of Sarveshpura village in Nalanda district producing 729 quintals in a hectare by organic farming.The CM said the Nalanda farmer had broken the erstwhile world record of 525 quintals set by a farmer of the Netherlands. The agriculture department would complete formalities for recording the new feat by the world body concerned, he added.With the permission of Speaker, the chief minister had brought two baskets of potatoes produced by the Nalanda farmer in the assembly premises. The CM said it has been proved that organic farming is not only good for health but also beneficial for farmers.Meanwhile, Independent MLA Jyoti Rashmi attended the House proceedings after completion of her suspension from the assembly for five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12271566", "title": "60-year-old dies of suspected water contamination", "text": "MYSORE: A 60-year-old man died succumbed to illness following suspected water contamination in Hunsur town.For the past three days, more than 20 persons residing in Kalkunike, Ranganatha extension and Kurjan road in the town have been falling ill after drinking contaminated water.Narayana, a resident of Kalkunike, was admitted to a private hospital on Monday after he started vomiting. He was discharged from hospital on Tuesday afternoon. However, he died the same night at home. On Wednesday, 12 persons fell ill, including three children below eight years. All the patients are undergoing treatment in Hunsur government hospital. Speaking to TOI, district health officer Malegowda said Naryana consumed alcohol on Tuesday night.\"The water in his house too was contaminated. But the exact cause of his death is yet to be established. Stool samples of the ill and the water from their houses have been sent to the laboratory for tests. We will get the report on Thursday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12270924", "title": "Congress denied permission for debate on hooch tragedy", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Congress MLAs demanding a debate on the hooch tragedy during the zero hour in the state assembly were denied permission by the Speaker on Wednesday who said the discussion will take place as per the House rules. Congress MLAs had demanded a discussion during the zero hour on the hooch incident in Vadodara. Congress members met Speaker Ganpat Vasava before the proceedings started to seek permission. The incident took place in Palej village on Tuesday.TNN While the death toll reached three onWednesday, 19 people are admitted to Sir Sayajirao Hospital.Following denial of permission, Congress MLAs started shouting slogans after question and answer session, saying 'stop taking cut on liquor'.The Speaker said that discussion under rule 108 was not possible, as the request did not meet the specified criteria, nor had the minister concerned given his consent.\"Congress MLAs Siddharth Patel and Iqbal Patel had met me at 11.50 am, 10 minutes before the House started, and sought permission for debate under zero hour, whereas the permission needs to be taken an hour before the House begins,\" Vasava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12269150", "title": "Cops on toes in ad agency employee\u2019s abduction case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mulund police are trying to locate the whereabouts of a 25-year-old advertising agency employee (name withheld) who was reportedly kidnapped by unidentified people in an SUV from Mulund (W) on Tuesday. The victim's friends , who witnessed the incident, managed to provide sketchy details to the police about the vehicle that was used in the crime.Investigators said that so far the victim's parents have not received any extortion or threat calls from the abductors. \"Prima facie, it seems that some financial matter led to the abduction,\" said the investigators.The incident occurred around 10.30pm, when the victim signed off his duty, left the office premises and was supposed to take an autorickshaw along with his colleagues to reach Mulund railway station, from where he would take a local train to Kalyan. \"A person came out of the SUV that stopped few metres away from where the victim was about to take the autorickshaw. Before his colleagues could realize, the person forced the victim inside the SUV and sped away,\" said a Mulund police officer. The officer said the abductors seem to have known the victim's daily schedule.Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav confirmed the incident but looking at the sensitivity of the case, he denied commenting on the matter.The victim's parents, residing at Kadakpada locality in Kalyan (W), learnt about the incident through the Mulund police around 11.30pm on Tuesday. \"My son's mobile is switched off since Tuesday night. There have been no calls making any demands for my son's release,\" the victim's father told TOI on Wednesday.Shockingly, the victim's father is unaware of his son's profile with the Mulund-based ad agency. \"My son joined the company few days ago and I am unaware of his profile,\" he said. A case of abduction has been registered against unidentified men.At 10.30pm on Tuesday, victim signs off his duty at his Muluinnfobox tag with dummy text. infobox tag with dummy text.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274588", "title": "Ranvir gets hit", "text": "We all know that many small accidents keep happening on the sets during the shoot of films. Ranvir Shorey also met with one such accident during the filming of \"Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi\" directed by Rakesh Mehta.During the filming of a scene where Ranvir has to confront his girlfriend, played by Misti Mukherjee, where she had to hit him with her sandal. However, during one of the takes, sandal slipped out of Misti's hands and Ranvir actually got hit on his face with it and his face got swollen. As it is the film was scheduled to be shot in a start to finish schedule of 40 days, Ranvir being a professional, resumed the shoot after the basic first aid, as otherwise it would have resulted in a loss for the entire production team.When asked Ranvir very sportingly says, \"This helped up in continuity as well because we did not have to artificially create a swell on my face rather it was there naturally. Yes it did hurt to deliver the dialogues with a swollen face however, all the pain was worth it as the end result was as natural as it could be and good.\" Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270438", "title": "Gandhi Maidan area to be illuminated during centenary celebrations", "text": "PATNA: Come March 22 and the city's sprawling Gandhi Maidan and buildings surrounding it will be bathed in blue light for three consecutive nights to mark Bihar's three-day-long centenary celebrations. The state was carved out of the then Bengal in 1912.\"Stakeholders of all government and non-government buildings situated around the sprawling ground have been requested to illuminate their establishments with blue light,\" said D K Shukla, managing director, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation Ltd (BSTDC). The buildings have to be illuminated exclusively by LED lights. The lighting will be done on March 22, 23 and 24.The main buildings around Gandhi Maidan are Maurya Hotel, Twin Tower, HSBC building, Reserve Bank building, Minar Plaza, IMA Bihar building, Udog Bhawan, Christ Church School building, Police Headquarters, Gandhi Museum, St Xavier's School building, State Bank building, Biscomaun Bhawan and T N Banerjee House.State tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu told TOI that the idea has been taken from the way buildings are lit in Shanghai .At a high-level meeting involving various government departments last month, it was unanimously decided that the city would be illuminated in blue light during the Bihar Diwas celebrations.When asked why blue, Pintu said: \"Blue is the colour of sky. Sky signifies progress and rise. Bihar is rising like never before. That's why we have chosen blue colour.\"Bhaskar Rai, manager of Twin Towers, told TOI: \"We have been asked to illuminate the building with LED light. It is a costly affair, but we are eager to celebrate Bihar Diwas. It will be done on time.\"It will be one of the rare occasions in the country when a city will be illuminated exclusively in blue light. \"It will give a new ambience to the city. Blue colour signifies serenity and calmness,\" said a senior BSTDC official.Besides, all government departments have been asked to deck up their respective buildings situated anywhere in the city. Navin Kumar, DGM, BSTDC, informed TOI that all central government undertakings and major non-government buildings had also been requested to illuminate their buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271163", "title": "BJP meeting discusses RS nominee", "text": "JAIPUR: The core committee meeting of the BJP on Wednesday discussed the names of eight senior leaders of the party for Rajya Sabha seat, the election for which is to be held on March 30. The meeting was held in New Delhi at the residence of state party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki.According to sources, names of state president Arun Chaturvedi, former state president Mahesh Chand Sharma, national secretary Bhupendra Yadav, ex-MP Dhan Singh Rawat, ex-MLA Jeet Malkan, former ministers Jagdeep Dhankar and Subhash Maharia along with Onkar Singh Lakhawat, were discussed. The list of 8 names would be forwarded to the party's national leadership for a final decision.Presently, the seat is occupied by Ramdas Agarwal , who completed two tenures in Rajya Sabha. Several people have been lobbying for the post but sources confirmed that the party hopes to strengthen its Brahmin or Jat representation in the Upper House.The meeting, which was presided over by Chaturvedi, was attended by core committee members Vaundhara Raje, senior members Ramdas Agarwal, Ghanshyam Tiwari , Gulab Chand Kataria and Rajendra Rathore. Solanki along with senior party members Kirit Somaiya and Saudan Singh were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12269196", "title": "Man beats mother to death", "text": "PONDA: Sita Gaude, a 75-year-old woman from Karmane-Keri in Ponda, was allegedly beaten to death over a \"frivolous\" reason by her son Suryakant, 42, on Tuesday. Ponda police said that Suryakant was mentally ill and suspect that he had also killed his father in 2007.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said they registered a case of murder against the accused under Section 302 of the IPC and that he would be produced before the court on Thursday to seek his custody.The police said that the accused, his wife, brothers and the deceased lived together. On Tuesday, the accused had a brawl with his wife and she left for her maiden house in anger. Later, he began quarreling with his mother, the police said.The police were informed about the incident by one of the accused's brothers, Vishnu.\"When the police entered the house, the accused ran away but was nabbed from the nearby woods on Wednesday evening,\" Govekar said. The police said that the mother's body was fresh and suspect the accused could have killed her on Tuesday evening or late night. Police found injuries on her face and have preserved the body at the Goa Medical College and hospital, Bambolim, morgue for an autopsy to be conducted on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269652", "title": "Are there adequate public toilets in the state?", "text": "PANAJI: Definitely not. The public toilets in city areas are inadequate and most of them are badly maintained. In rural areas too people are forced to defecate in the open. Due to the lack of public toilets, the floating population (migrants and tourists) are left with no option but to misuse public areas. This is a serious sanitation issue and it needs to be looked at from a hygiene and health perspective. Also, sulabh contractors are not maintaining the premises well and often fleece people by overcharging them. Poor people are then compelled to defecate in the open.Judith AlmeidaSocial activist, ColvaIn most cases, public toilets are situated in wrong places. And they are so filthy, that people cannot even enter. The surroundings too are in a horrible state. This is the prime reason why people are forced to use open spaces. Toilets need to be upgraded. Proper monitoring needs to be done. In rural areas too, provisions need to be made or else so many people will continue to defecate in the open.Uday NasnodkarDevelopment officer, LIC, Mapusa.Not at all. Besides the fact that there are inadequate toilets in Goa, most public toilets are not maintained properly. They are kept in such a bad state that one cannot even step into the toilets. Public toilets for women in particular are in a very bad shape. Firstly, public toilets should be constructed in key public areas and the public should be made aware about their location. Secondly, their maintenance should be given top priority.Sabina MartinsSocial activist, PanajiDefinitely not. Open space, especially beaches, are majorly messed up. The lack of toilets force tourists and the poor to defecate in the open. They cannot be blamed. The municipal toilets too are in bad condition. A good monitoring system that will ensure clean and accessible toilets for all is the need of the hour.Durgadas ParabTrekker, Mapusa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270845", "title": "Nagpur: Bar dancers held in police raid", "text": "NAGPUR: DCP Zone IV Nishith Mishra and his team raided a liquor bar on Dighori road on Wednesday night and took 13 people, including three bar dancers, into custody.Police said they were tipped off about illegal activities in the bar. Around 11.30pm, Mishra and his team raided the bar and found bar dancers performing illegally. The police are also probing whether betting or gambling were taking place in the bar. Police also suspect that the bar was a front for flesh trade.Cops were interrogating the bar owner until late Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12269672", "title": "PMC chief to face no-trust vote on March 20", "text": "PONDA: Ponda municipal council chief Kishore K Naik's fate will be decided on March 20, as the directorate of municipal administration on Wednesday asked the civic body to convene a special meeting to discuss and vote on the no-trust motion moved against the chairperson.Seven councillors of the 13-member Ponda civic body had submitted the no-trust motion against Naik to the DMA on Monday.Naik is a supporter of former state home minister and ex-Ponda Congress MLA Ravi Naik . With Congress losing the seat to the MGP in the recently-concluded assembly polls, attempts to unseat the PMC chief followed.The PMC chief has reiterated, however, that he will not step down voluntarily and will face the no-trust motion in the PMC hall at 4pm on the coming Tuesday.The councillors who have signed the no-trust motion notice against Naik are Vyankatesh Naik, Rukmi Dangui, Vincent Paul Fernandes, Vandana Jog, Shivanand Sawant, Shailendra Shinkre and Radhika Nayak, Vyankatesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270843", "title": "How did outsiders manage to gain entry?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what continues to be the missing link in Monday's shootout at DAV College, several outsiders, who were offering a helping hand in organizing star nite, had entered the campus without getting noticed by both college security and the UT police.Besides the group of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) members from other colleges DAV and Panjab University, who entered through the rear gate, even supporters of Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU), including the new chairman and panel members, who were incidentally students of a college in Landran, were in DAV College.\"Just because PUSU supporters are a part of student council in DAV does not give them a ticket to their supporters from PU and other colleges to enter our premises. Why were these supporters in college to help out in the star nite is anybody's guess,\" said a student of second year, who was an eyewitness to the Monday's incident.Continuous deployment of police outside the DAV College gate for over a year now is hardly a deterrent for troublemakers to enter the college. Checking of I-cards, which has been an eyewash is done barely for a few days after such a clash and then forgotten by the college authorities.\"On Tuesday I was surprised to see that security check was being conducted. I was not carrying an identity card since it is hardly checked, so I had to return,\" said Sonam Garg, a final year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12274526", "title": "Chief Justice says courts are meant for public", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka HC Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen said that people should not feel they are going unrepresented due to the lawyers' strike and asserted the point that courts are public property and not meant only for lawyers and judges", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12274254", "title": "Dinesh doles out mixed bag for Jharkhand", "text": "Ranchi: The maiden budget of railway minister Dinesh Trivedi is a mixed bag of fulfilled aspirations and disappointments for residents of Jharkhand.The Santhal Pargana region, which was waiting for rail connectivity for decades, finally got an express train from Ranchi to Dumka via Deoghar. However, the state capital did not get a single long distance train despite personal request by the chief minister and his deputy to Trivedi. The demand for increasing frequency of Ranchi-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, which has been pending for more than a decade, was also ignored.The state has got some consolation with the minister including two stations - Daltonganj and Garhwa Road - in the list \"Adarsh\" stations and six rail projects including Rampurhat-Mandarhill via Dumka.People of Santhal Pargana, including deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, are happy with the rail budget as there will now be a direct train from Ranchi to Dumka via Deoghar after years of wait.\"I am happy that the minister has given a daily Ranchi-Dumka intercity express and fulfilled the aspiration of the people of Santhal Pargana. Every individual of Santhal Pargana is grateful to the minister. We have already started the work for an international airport at Deoghar and hope that now the region will move fast on the road of development,\" an elated Soren said in his initial reaction on the railway budget. Soren had met the railway minister at Delhi on February 28 and requested him for a direct train between Dumka and Ranchi. Deoghar, one of the biggest pilgrimage spots in the country, attracts at last 15 lakh visitors every year.President of the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries FJ Sajjan Saraf was furious at the railway minister's apathy towards the sentiment and requirement of people of the state that contributes maximum revenue to the railways. \"The two railway divisions of Jharkhand, Dhanbad and Chakradhapur, are the two highest revenue generating divisions and yet the minister has cheated us by offering a lollipop. We condemn him for his double standards and not giving a single long-distance train from Ranchi,\" Saraf said adding that the two intercity express trains Dumka-Ranchi and Barbil-Chakradharpur are just like a drop in a ocean.Saraf said all the MPs from Jharkhand in the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha should immediately meet the railway minister and create pressure on him to concede to the demands of the state. \"The MPs should create pressure for increasing frequency of Ranchi-New Delhi Rajdhani Express and introduce Duronto Express from Ranchi,\" he added.Ashish Prasad, a middle-level executive in the pharmacy company who travels extensively, was not much critical on fare hike but definitely demanded improvement of facilities in Rajdhani and Shatabdi trains. \"I am sure that even after increasing the fare, the services will not improve and cockroaches and rats will continue to have a 'safe house' in Rajdhani and Shatabdi trains,\" said Prasad.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12276038", "title": "Karnataka House panel chief says up to 10 more MLAs watched porn", "text": "BANGALORE: Chairman of the Legislature Committee probing the porngate episode involving three ruling BJP MLAs in Karnataka on Thursday said eight to ten other legislators had also watched sleazy clips in the Assembly.Shrishailappa Bidarur, however, indicated these MLAs would not be summoned as it's not part of the terms of reference of the panel.His comments confirm the claim by committee member Nehru Olekar who created a flutter earlier this month saying 8-10 more MLAs, including those from opposition parties, had also watched the pornclips.Bidarur told reporters that the committee would submit its report to Assembly Speaker K G Bopaiah by March 20.Lakshman Savadi, C C Patil and J Krishna Palemar resigned as ministers on February 7 a day after they were caught on camera watching porn clipping in the assembly with regional TV channels telecasting their act which evoked public outrage.\"That may be eight to ten\", Bidarur said when asked how many more MLAs had watched the adult content in the assembly.\"...while viewing the CCTV (footage)...it (eight to ten watching porn) came to the notice but yet the committee has not decided anything on that\", he said.\"If necessary\", Bidarur said when asked if these eight to ten MLAs would also be issued notice for deposition but later indicated it was unlikely, pointing out that the panel's terms of reference concerned \"about only these three people\".The panel today called two top officials of the Law Department for consultations with regard to legal aspects of the case and \"what can be recommended\", he said.Bopaiah had constituted a seven-member House panel, comprising four members from BJP, two from the Congress and one from JDS to probe the episode, but the opposition had boycotted the committee alleging the move is an exercise to cover up the scandal.The have maintained that there was no need for probe as the three MLAs have admitted to their actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270459", "title": "Dog shelter proposal fails to find favour with animal rights activists", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai's proposal to set up a shelter to take stray dogs off the streets has drawn criticism from animal welfare activists as it is against the Animal Birth Control (Dogs) Rules of 2001. \"Stray dogs have to be sterilised and released in the same area according to the Animal Birth Control (ABC) rules, drawn up under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960,\" said Chinny Krishna, vice chairman, Animal Welfare Board of India.\"So they cannot be removed from the street and put in shelters.\" But officials say a shelter is the best way to curb the stray dog population. \"We plan to set up a shelter that will house a minimum of 2,000 dogs. The aim is to remove stray dogs from streets and give them a home,\" said corporation commissioner P W C Davidar. \"We have just made the announcement. The next step is to plan the shelter and identify the location.\"Funds have not yet been allocated for the project, but it will not be capital intensive, he said. However, animal welfare activists said that setting up a shelter will not curb the stray dog population. According to official estimates, there are about 30,000 stray dogs within the old corporation limits. The number of stray dogs in any area is directly proportional to the availability of food, said Sathya Radhakrishnan, honorary joint secretary of Blue Cross.\"If you remove dogs from one area, other dogs will come in,\" he said, adding that the only solution is strengthening the ABC programme. Such shelters have not been a success in other countries. \"Similar projects have been tried out unsuccessfully in Taiwan , the US and many parts of eastern Europe,\" said Krishna. Shelters cannot house large numbers of dogs. \"If the animals are kept in single kennels, they become unfriendly to human beings,\" he said.\"If more than 15 or 20 dogs are kept together in open areas, they begin to display pack behaviour and attack each other.\" However, corporation officials say they have a viable plan. \"We will put the animals in separate pens in numbers that are easy to handle,\" said Davidar, adding that they plan to implement the proposal before the next budget. \"We have received positive feedback for our proposal from people living in areas that face stray dog menace.\" Animal activists do feel the shelter would be useful for pets that are abandoned. \"The owners can instead leave them at the shelter,\" said Krishna. \"The shelter can also rescue pups from streets and re-home them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12273224", "title": "Encroachments stall Puri station facelift", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Land acquisition continues to impede the makeover of Puri railway station as vast patches of railway land have been encroached by slum dwellers and mobile vendors.There was a proposal in the past to construct a well decorated guesthouse, a sprawling parking lot, a park and a shelter house for pilgrims, among a host of other amenities near the Puri railway station.The East Coast Railway (ECoR) has failed to evict the slum dwellers from the station premises for the last 40 years. Around 15,000 people reside in makeshift huts on nearly 30 acre land on both sides of the station. This apart, venders and hawkers too have usurped portions of railway land.Though the railways somehow managed to evict the vendors from the frontage of the station recently, eviction of slum dwellers has not been possible.\"The ECoR has been trying to free its land from the clutches of slum dwellers, but in vain. We face threat to our lives during eviction drives,\" said a senior railway official said.A few days ago, a mob ransacked the office of a railway engineer, S K Panda, and allegedly manhandled him after railway authorities demolished an unauthorized under-construction house near the station. \"We are paying the price for taking action against the encroachers. We need adequate protection from police,\" another railway employee said.\"The slum dwellers are also getting political patronage. They have not only occupied our land, but are also robbing railway properties. Most of the youths in the slum area are anti-socials,\" he pointed out.GRP personnel said major crimes in the city can be averted if the slums are removed from the railway land. \"Almost everyday cases of hooliganism, robbery and sexual abuse are reported from the slum area,\" said a railway cop.Some railway officials maintained that eviction can be successful through proper coordination between district police and the railways. \"We are ready to support whenever railways need our assistance,\" Puri SP Anup Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270810", "title": "Understaffed dept struggles to make supply smooth", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not only the shortage of power which is giving residents a tough time. Inadequate manpower as well as required equipment, too, are coming in the way of uninterrupted electricity supply.The department is grossly understaffed and as many as 97 posts of linesmen and 226 of assistant linemen are lying vacant for the past 3-4 years. The officers, who supervise the field staff to carry out maintenance and repair work are also missing. The department needs five junior engineers (JEs) and two sub-divisional officers (SDOs).\"During rainy season, electricity supply is not resumed for hours if there are multiple breakdowns in the area due to shortage of field staff. The problem needs to be addressed for uninterrupted supply,\" said Ramandeep Bhullar, a resident of Sector 45.Against the sanctioned strength of 50 electricity wing, MC is just having half the number and majority of them are appointed on contractual basis. Against the sanctioned post of eight streetlight inspectors, only five posts have been filled.Same is the case with UT power department. The officers who supervise the field staff to carry out maintenance and repair work are also missing. There are no advanced tools to carry out repairs.Gopal Dutt Sharma, general secretary of UT Powermen Union, said the staff shortage affects the functioning of the department as there are no field staffers to repair sudden breakdowns. \"Except for some promotions, no new recruitments have been made by the administration and this is hampering proper functioning of the department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12275876", "title": "Budget 2012: TMC\u2019s fare hike rejection first announced on Twitter?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Micro-blogging sites, especially Twitter, are increasingly giving TV channels a run for their money. In recent times, the Delhi tremor, the bomb attack on Israeli diplomat's wife, Salman Rushdie's decision on whether or not to attend the Jaipur Lit Fest, all of them were first broken on Twitter.This, of course, isn't an India phenomenon, but a global trend. It is no wonder then that on Wednesday, Twitter watchers got the wind of what was happening in Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's mind through a tweet from her associate and lawmaker Derek O'Brien.When party colleague and railway minister Dinesh Trivedi was busy presenting the railway budget, O'Brien, \"quiz master, TV anchor, author, Member of Parliament from Bengal,\" as he describes himself on Twitter, was wondering what Trivedi's speech was all about: \"Railway Budget... what was all that about increasing fares across the board? Upper class... maybe ok... but all? Sorry, cannot agree.\"Later, he said in reply to a fellow tweeter, \"You asked me if I disagree with the Union minister. Yes, our party has issues on content.\" All hell had broken loose by then, but the indication of things came first on Twitter.While in this case O'Brien may be rewarded or complimented for sharing the thoughts of his recalcitrant leader , Banerjee, the West Bengal chief minister, many months ago, another politician, incurred the wrath of his party over his statements seen as preposterous.Shashi Tharoor , then a junior minister in the external affairs ministry, was reprimanded by his party over poking fun at the Congress high command's insistence on austerity measures. In reply to a tweet, he said he would also fly cattle class - meaning economy class on flights.Meanwhile, in his reply - which was a reply to some of the tweets as well - Trivedi told reporters: \"I have done what's good for railways, and for the country. Whether A and B has tweeted , is not my concern.\"Interestingly, one of the comments that is going viral on Twitter on Wednesday is former railways minister Lalu Prasad's acerbic take: \"Indian Railways is like a cow that neither gives milk nor bears calves.\" Perhaps readers could be forgiven, occasionally , for feeling that the traditional media is \"yesterday on Twitter\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270800", "title": "DAV college parrots \u2018debar them\u2019 line", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the Monday shootout incident at DAV college rocked the city, the college authorities echoed what they have promised many a time - to debar students involved in violent clashes.Though it has been promised over six times in the last three years, the college seems to have become a hotbed of violence with offenders roaming scot-free. Some of the college students, who are out on bail, were involved in the Monday clash on the campus. And, the UT police intelligence wing as well as the college officials were unaware of the presence of outsiders, with criminal background, on the premises.Earlier, after three consecutive violent clashes in a week in June 2011 at the college, the then principal, B C Josan, too, had assured to \"impose a ban on defaulters\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12275623", "title": "Samajwadi Party workers create ruckus after Akhilesh's swearing-in", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minutes after Uttar Pradesh Governor BL Joshi and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav left the La Martiniere grounds, where he was sworn in as the 33rd CM of UP, Samajwadi Party workers created a ruckus at the venue.Scores of supporters, who had gathered from different parts of the state, surpassed all the security barriers to reach the stage. They virtually lay siege on the stage and almost ransacked it.Addressing a press conference after swearing in ceremony, Akhilesh said, \"this will not happen in any event from now on.\"The workers pulled out the floral decorations and started throwing them on the public. Raising slogans praising their leader and the party, their celebrations and frenzied behaviour created a chaotic situation for the guests, especially the women.Worse still, instead of trying to control the situation, the police constables were a part of the merrymaking.Meanwhile, as SP workers spilled over into the city, long traffic jams were reported from important areas, exposeing how ill prepared the administration was to mange the situation.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273910", "title": "I connect with strong women: Seema Biswas", "text": "\"What Rabindranath Tagore wrote 100 years ago, is relevant to this day,\" said Seema Biswas, who was recently in Kolkata to enact Rabindranath Tagore's narrative and short story, Streer Patra.\"It is an honour for me to be a part of Streer Patra. I am sure any other actor too would have jumped at such an opportunity. I connect personally to the subject of strongwilled women as well as the play, which portrays the value and selfrespect of women in the society. Though written ages ago, it is not outdated. People can still relate to it. It is like a reminder,\" she said.When we asked her about the experience of performing in Kolkata, she said, \"I look forward to performing here as the audience comprises theatre lovers who are enthusiastic and intelligent. You really don't get that kind of love anywhere else. Therefore, Kolkata occupies the number one position on my list.\"Seema is currently working on \" Manjunath\", directed by Sandeep Verma. \"The post-production work of Deepa Mehta's \"Midnight's Children\" is almost over. The film is expected to release this year,\" she said.\"Manjunath\" is an NFDC production and I am excited about it. I also have up my sleeve \"Baro Mash,\" which is adapted from a Marathi Novel. There are other projects also which I would soon be signing but I'd rather not say anything about them now,\" said Seema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12274736", "title": "Naveen 'extremely disappointed' with railway budget", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik expressed strong dissatisfaction with the railway budget, which has allotted Rs 714 crore to Odisha in 2012-13 compared to Rs 1361 crore in the ongoing fiscal.\"I am extremely disappointed with the railway budget,\" Naveen told mediapersons here. Stating that increase in passenger fares would adversely affect the common man, he said the state government had requested the Railways for Rs 2345 crore, but was given only Rs 714 crore. \"This is grossly insufficient considering the requirement of ongoing projects in the state and completely fails short of our legitimate demand. In fact, it is only half of what we got in last year's budget,\" he added. In 2011-12, Odisha, going by state government reports, received Rs 1361.67 crore as against a demand for Rs 2085 crore.Naveen said the state government had requested for 19 new express trains (besides five Duronto trains), but the budget has proposed only six. Some trains -- Koraput-Sambalpur Passenger and Visakhapatnam-Sambalpur Express -- announced in the last budget are still to be introduced, he pointed out.The new trains announced for Odisha include Barbil-Chakradharapur Intercity Express (daily) via Dongoaposi, Jhinkpani; Puri-Bikaner (weekly) Express via Sambalpur, Jharsuguda, Katni and Jeypore; Bhubaneswar-Bhawanipatna Express (daily) via Vizianagaram; Puri-Yestwantpur Garib Rath Express (weekly) via Visakhpatnam, Guntur; Bhubaneswar-Tirupati Express (weekly) via Visakhapatnam, Gudur; Baripada-Bangiriposi DEMU (daily).In addition, the Darbhanga-Secunderabad Express (bi-weekly) via Jharsuguda; Visakhapatnam-Lokmanya Tilak Express (weekly) via Titlagarh, Raipur; Durg-Jagdalpur Express (tri-weekly) via Titlagarh; Shalimar-Chennai Express (weekly); Chennai-Puri Express (weekly); Asansol-Chennai Express (weekly) via Sambalpur, Vizianagaram; Shalimar-Bhuj Express (weekly) via Bilaspur; and Bilaspur-Patna Express (weekly) via Asansol will pass through Odisha, official sources said.The CM also criticized the Centre for not granting any new rail line to Odisha, though railways minister Dinesh Trivdei announced 11 new lines in the budget. \"We have been demanding for expansion of rail network and improving rail services in the under-developed areas and have been requesting ministry of railways to treat those as 'national projects', but the same was considered. This is very disappointing,\" he said.Naveen, who has in recent years been blaming the Congress-led UPA government for neglecting Odisha, accused the Centre of being \"completely insensitive\" to the state's needs to create robust rail infrastructure to address the special needs of industries. He also flayed the Centre for not delivering on its 2010 promise of establishing world class railway stations in Bhubaneswar and Puri.In his maiden budget, Trivedi proposed a wagon factory at Sitalapalli, Ganjam, but reportedly earmarked only Rs one crore. He also announced extension of six trains, Bhubaneswar-Jharsuguda Rajya Rani Express to Rourkela; Howrah-Koraput Express to Jagdalpur and Raipur-Kesinga Passenger to Bhawanipatna. The state government had sought extension of nine trains. It also wanted increase in frequency of 16 others, but Trivedi did not consider any. The state government's proposals for 10 new lines and two doubling projects were also ignored, official sources said. Two new lines, Raipur-Jharsuguda and Rayagada-Gopalpur, have been sent for Planning Commission approval, source added.Trivedi gave the green signal for electrification of Titlagarh-Sambalpur-Jharsuguda and Angul-Sambalpur and also new surveys for Raipur-Bargarh via Aarang, Tumgaon, Jhalap and Sairapalli; Ambikapur-Jharsuguda to connect with Delhi main line and Ambikapur-Jharsuguda via Batuali, Sitapur.Further, railways are aiming to complete the Begunia-Nayagarh section of Khurda-Bolangir broad gauge rail link and Talcher-Sunkhani of Talcher-Bimlagarh broad gauge rail line in 2012-13. Among the ongoing projects, Khurda-Bolangir rail line has got the maximum allotment of Rs 40 crore, as against Rs 120 crore it got in 2011-12. Similarly, Talcher-Bimlagarh got Rs 30 crore, Lanjigarh Road-Junagarh Rs 12 crore, Daitari-Banspani Rs 10 crore, Haridaspur-Paradeep and Angul-Duburi-Sukindda Road Rs two crore each, Sambalpur-Talcher Rs one crore and Digha-Jaleswar Rs 10 crore, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268971", "title": "Official held for demanding bribe", "text": "PUNE: A health inspector of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) was arrested on Tuesday by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, for allegedly demanding Rs 40,000 as a bribe from a sanitary worker to mark his daily attendance.The suspect was identified as Dilip Ladharam Wadhwani of Pimpri. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Vikas Landge of Bhosari with the ACB.Assistant police commissioner Dilip Jagdale said that since the last eight years, Landge has been working as a sanitary worker in PCMC. His attendance is marked in a register and the pay is deposited in his salary account. \"Wadhwani was responsible for marking the attendance,\" he said.\"Landge said in his complaint that Wadhwani had told him that if he gave him 30% of his salary, he would mark his attendance daily so that he could get full payment. Landge refused and Wadhwani didn't mark his attendance at all, even though he reported to work,\" Jagdale said.When Landge asked Wadhwani about this, he allegedly demanded Rs 40,000 to regularise his attendance and mark it daily. Landge mortgaged ornaments and got the amount. He also lodged a complaint with the ACB on November 8, 2011.The ACB laid several traps to arrest Wadhwani, but didn't succeed since he would always change the plan at the last minute. He said that after investigations, the ACB found that Wadhwani was continuously demanding that Landge pay up the money. \"We lodged a complaint against him at the Pimpri police station and arrested him,\" Jagdale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "12270805", "title": "'Attach Kanyakumari district with Madurai division'", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: Rail users in Kanyakumari district are disappointed as the railway budget, which was presented on Wednesday, had not catered to any of their demands that have been pending for many years. Their angst is so much that they want the Indian Railways to attach Kanyakumari district with the Madurai division, instead of the Thiruvananthapuram division, under which it currently falls. Lately, commuters here feel that they are neglected by the Thiruvananthapuram division, especially when it comes to connectivity.\"We strongly feel that the division is not bothered about the district or our demands in providing connectivity to other destinations. It appears that the division wants all the destinations should be reached by going through Kerala,\" P Edward Jeni, Kanyakumari District Railway Users Association charged.\"We were told that the extension of Dadar - Yesvantpur Express up to Tirunelveli and the newly announced train between Kacheguda and Madurai were proposed to be extended till Nagercoil, but the division was not interested. Besides, the terminal facilities in Nagercoil and Kanyakumari are not improved. The rail users here feel that we should be attached to Madurai division, since most of our transactions are with Tamil Nadu ,\" Edward Jeni claimed.For almost a decade, rail users in Kanyakumari district have been asking for a train to Bangalore as the southern districts has had poor connectivity with the Garden City though lakhs of people from this region have moved to Karnataka and Hosur for work.There is a weekly express train running between Nagercoil and Bangalore. However, this train is operated during the day time not benefitting a larger section of the people who prefer travel by night. The residents here have been asking the railway authorities to reschedule the train for night travel, but till now their demands have not been met.Another daily service between Kanyakumari - Bangalore (Island Express) is operated through Thiruvananthapuram, Ernakulam and Palakkad which covers a distance of 944 km though the shortest route is 714 km through Madurai and Hosur.\"We have been fighting for a train from Nagercoil to Bangalore via Madurai and Hosur for over a decade but we are disappointed that the Dadar - Yesvantpur Express has been extended up to Tirunelveli. The minister has not announced anything significant for Kanyakumari district other than converting the weekly Kanyakumari - Nizamuddin Tirukkural Express (12641/12642) to biweekly from our earlier demand for a daily train,\" T S Jegan, secretary, Kanyakumari District Resident's Association of Bangalore said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12274669", "title": "Ruckus in House over drought package", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Assembly resumed the Budget session on an acrimonious note on Wednesday with the Opposition Congress creating pandemonium and forcing repeated adjournments over the state government recently unveiling the drought package without informing the House.Congress legislators created disturbance during the Question Hour when revenue minister S N Patro was replying to a query on the government's preparedness to deal with heat wave during summer. They trooped to the well of the House displaying placards and resorted to sloganeering, even as Patro continued with his answer.In a repeat of scenes seen on numerous occasions in recent times, the Opposition lawmakers tried to climb atop the Speaker's podium and grappled with watch-and-ward staff.Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh said the government was intentionally keeping the Assembly in the dark on different issues and cited the example a February 29 notification by the revenue department declaring drought in 13,032 villages and 156 wards in 19 districts and also announcing a special package for farmers. \"This is a deliberate betrayal of trust. The government has breached the Assembly's privilege,\" he said, noting that the government could have announced its decision in the House before notifying it. He said though they had sought information about the drought package from the government on Februray 28, the last day of the ongoing Budget session's first phase, but learnt about the drought package from the media on March 2.Patro's attempts to pacify the protesting Congress MLAs did not meet with success as the latter stalled proceedings. Even deputy Speaker Sananda Marandi's repeated appeals to restore normalcy went in vain. Congress members subsequently staged a walkout.Patro said the drought package was not new, but repetition of facts announced by the government in December last. \"The government could not announce the drought package due to the State Election Commission's model code of conduct for panchayat polls,\" he said.This, however, did not seem to convince BJP legislature party leader K V Singhdeo and NCP leader Amar Prasad Satpathy who sought a copy of the SEC order stopping the government from announcing the drought package in the Assembly. \"How can SEC prevent the government to make an announcement during natural calamities?\" Satapathy said. Patro said he had spoken to the state election commissioner over phone regarding the model code of conduct and the drought package.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268894", "title": "Rail Budget 2012: Mamata asks PM to sack rail minister, seeks fare hike rollback", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi appeared to be on the brink of losing his job within hours of presenting a budget that was hailed by Congress as \"forward looking\" but savaged by his own party, Trinamool Congress, as \"anti-people\" for proposing an across-the-board passenger fare hike.In a swift retaliation to the defiance of Mamata Banerjee's direction to not raise fares, the West Bengal chief minister faxed a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to sack Trivedi and replace him with her loyalist Mukul Roy. There were indications that Congress will have to grudgingly agree to Mamata's demand for fear of offending an ally whose 19 MPs in the Lok Sabha are crucial for the government's survival.The scenario kept changing through the day. Initially, after the Congress and PM supported the budget, it appeared the UPA was willing to risk Mamata's wrath. The surmise was that it had stitched up support from elsewhere - SP, BSP or both - and was no longer averse to losing, if it came to that, a restive and demanding ally.However, late at night it seemed Congress, too, had been taken by surprise. Pranab Mukherjee called up Mamata to ask her to not insist on Roy's induction until he presents the Union Budget on Friday. Mamata is learned to have agreed on the condition that Roy would be the one to announce a full rollback. At the time of going to press, Trivedi's resignation appeared imminent.Earlier, the Congress core group had a late-night meeting in which party leaders considered several scenarios, including the possibility of requesting Mamata to put off her demand to replace Trivedi with Roy until March 31 when Parliament's Budget session goes into recess.It now looks certain that TMC plans to force a fare rollback with a delegation of party MPs seeking time from the PM on Thursday. The dramatic developments, which dwarfed Trivedi's maiden rail budget, are likely to also strengthen Congress's efforts to rustle up alternative numbers to deal with Trinamool's continuing brinkmanship.The sub-text of Trivedi's imminent ouster is Mamata's growing suspicion that he had moved too close to Congress. his budget is seen by her as evidence of that. It's said the minister faced the possibility of being sacked after the budget irrespective of whether or not he had hiked fares.Congress can't be happy with the nomination of Roy as replacement for Trivedi. When Mamata had proposed Roy's name in the first instance, Congress had opposed his candidature, clearing the way for Trivedi and stoking Mamata's suspicions about him.But few in Congress had expected Trivedi to engage in the defiance he did on the issue of passenger fare hike: something that can undercut Mamata's pro-poor credentials just before her populist matchup with CPM in the panchayat polls, which will be her first serious political test after her landslide victory last year.An angry Mamata reacted to Trivedi's insubordination by instantly slapping a \"rollback or rollover\" notice on him. \"Can Pranab Mukherjee prepare a budget which is contrary to the wishes of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi?\" a livid Mamata is said to have asked her party colleagues, making it clear that for Trivedi's hike was an act of political defiance.The TMC leader in Lok Sabha, Sudip Bandopadhyaya conveyed Banerjee's displeasure to the railway minister, while another Trinamool MP, Derek O'Brien tweeted: \"The fare hike is unacceptable.\" Mamata instructed Bandopadhyaya to publicly disown the fare hike, which he did.Speculation about Mamata and Trivedi putting on a good-cop, bad-cop act by Trivedi hiking fares and Didi forcing a rollback were scotched by Mamata when she demanded Trivedi's sack. Earlier, while addressing a rally in Nandigaram she had publicly demanded a withdrawal of the hike. She later said her party would ask for a cut motion in the railway budget to nix the fare hike.This threat of a cut motion is a first for members of the ruling party or coalition and makes Trivedi's continuation in the Cabinet untenable. An unrepentant Trivedi justified the hike in \"national interest\", and said he was ready to be sacked rather than succumb to pressure from Kolkata. He even cited Bhagat Singh saying, \"He had sacrificed his life for the country, what is a job of me?\"Sources in Congress indicated that it did not wish to precipitate matters yet, and would agree to sack Trivedi. Congress's rising tensions with Trinamool have coincided with a marked de-escalation of its hostilities with Samajwadi Party which with its 22 members in Lok Sabha can offset the loss of Trinamool's 19 MPs. In a goodwill gesture, Congress has deputed party treasurer Motilal Vora and parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal to attend Akhilesh Yadav's swearing-in ceremony in Lucknow on Thursday.Manmohan Singh too sounded remarkably confident as he sought to play down the suggestion that the conflict with Trinamool could reduce UPA to a minority. \"Government is stable, we have the numbers,\" Singh said. This was the second such assertion in the last three days.Currently, UPA has a strength of 277, that is, a tally which is just above the half-way mark of 272 in Lok Sabha. It also has the outside support of 51 MPs belonging to SP, BSP, RJD and JD (S).The uncertainty over Trivedi's status as well as the state of Congress-TMC ties should be over by Monday when the debate on the railway budget is scheduled to begin. Having been submitted to Parliament, the budget proposals can be withdrawn or amended, if at all, in the course of railway minister's reply in Lok Sabha which is likely to take place on Tuesday at the earliest. But the ambiguity over Trivedi's status may be over a day earlier as the railway minister has to be present in the House when budget starts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12270461", "title": "Odds stack up against India at UN vote", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's efforts to get a UN resolution on human rights violations by Sri Lanka off the table have only a slim chance of success. The US, which sponsored the resolution, is piling up the pressure on countries to support it. Diplomats in Geneva said they were looking at a vote around March 23.The non-aligned countries, a sizeable group in the UN, have solidly opposed the resolution and backed Sri Lanka. India that often plays the role of a leader is a member of the group. The Asian countries within the grouping will stay with Sri Lanka.But there are reports that the Latin American countries are veering towards the American point of view. African countries have been wavering, and are susceptible to Washington's pressure. They are more vulnerable to outside persuasion, diplomatic sources feel.If they can withstand the US pressure, the resolution has a chance of being defeated. If not, India will be called upon to vote, and though it may abstain, it will open the UPA government to criticism and retribution from its Tamil allies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12275106", "title": "Fares do not pinch, say commuters", "text": "MANGALORE: Travelling to the state capital by train will be a tad costlier, but will not pinch either the middle class or upper class passengers.As per the budget presented by railways minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday the increase in fares between Mangalore- Bangalore works out to a minimum of Rs 25 to a maximum of Rs 76 from sleeper class to two tier air-conditioned class passengers. The present rate for sleeper class tickets is Rs 224 which will become Rs 250 from the next fiscal. Likewise, the three tier air-conditioned rates will go up by Rs 51 from the present Rs 601 to Rs 652. The two tier air-conditioned class prices will be increased by Rs 76.35, from Rs 822 to 898.35.However, the prices are still cheaper than the KSRTC bus fares- Rs 396 for Rajahamsa as against sleeper class.Speaking about the Railway Budget, Puttur Railway Yatrikara Sangha convener Dinesh K Bhat said that the fare hike was a welcome move. \"It is essential for the economic health of the Indian Railways,'' he said.However, he was disappointed that of the seven express and three passenger trains announced none were for the coast.There was a silver lining with Kabaka Station in Puttur being developed as Adarsha Railway Station,' which was announced by then railway minister Mamata Banerjee .Bhat said the plan entails a spend of Rs 2-3 crore and would give ten types of facilities like upper class waiting rooms and coach guidance system among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12270982", "title": "New policy to end dependence of farmers on cotton export", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government has decided to come up with a new policy that would ensure that state's farmers do not have to depend on cotton export in order to earn a high price of their produce. Announcing this in the state assembly, state industries minister Saurabh Patel told the house that the government plans to come up with a scheme that would encourage the existing ginning mills to set up spinning facilities within their units in order to produce yarn.A senior government official told TOI later that faced with glut, the state's cotton producing farmer either exports his produce or alternatively sells it to the ginning mills in Tamil Nadu , which have huge spinning facilities. \"The yarn produced from the state's cotton, thus, returns to the state's textile mills, which use them for producing different varieties of cotton clothes,\" the official said.Gujarat produces around 40 per cent of all cotton produced in the country. Of the total cotton produced in the state, which was approximately 114 lakh bales this year, more than 65 lakh bales is sent out of Gujarat, including to foreign countries. \"Just about 30 to 35 lakh bales are used up and go to state's ginning mills, who, too, are forced to send the ginned cotton, after separating it from the seed, mainly to Tamil Nadu's spinning units,\" the official said.Officials said as of today, not more than 10 per cent of the state's ginning units have spinning facilities. \"These facilities would need to be enhanced drastically by encouraging them to set up around 25 lakh spindles to ensure that the cotton they receive is not exported out of Gujarat,\" they added.\"Spinning is a capital intensive affair. The state government plans to come up with a policy to provide capital incentive to the ginning mills. Minimum investment in plant and machinery to set up spinning facilities is Rs 30-35 crore, not a small amount for the ginning mills,\" an official said.Significantly, the Gujarat government created a huge hue and cry and chief minister Narendra Modi wrote a strongly worded letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh when recently the Government of India imposed a ban on cotton export to \"protect\" the Indian textile industry sector. Modi characterized the ban as a machination jointly undertaken by corrupt Central politicians and textile barons from south India. The ban was later on lifted after a Congress delegation met the PM.Ironically, insiders said Gujarat might want strong restrictions on the export of cotton once the new policy becomes forcefully effective and the spinning facilities, currently negligible, become rampant in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268583", "title": "Pune station needs massive cleaning excercise", "text": "PUNE: The railway minister's plans to improve hygiene at railway stations cannot find a better place than the Pune station to start with.While officials say they are maintaining cleanliness at the station, passengers seem far from impressed with their efforts. Regular visitors say the stench of the night soil on tracks and uncleared garbage is unbearable. \"Maintenance of the station premises is very bad. No other station is as bad as the Pune station,\" said Pradip Sonawane, a passenger.Railway officials defend themselves by arguing that passenger traffic has increased manifold and that despite their best efforts the situation remains the same.The Pune railway station sees a daily traffic of 104 mail, express and passenger trains and 42 local trains. During festivals, the number goes up to 110 per day. There are over 1 lakh footfalls daily while on festivals it goes up to an average of 1.2 lakh. Officials say that severe action has to be taken by the government railway police against people entering the station premises without permission. Officials also say that lack of proper drainage near the tracks causes problems in cleaning. An official said that passengers must refrain from using the loo when trains are stationed.The railway minister, Dinesh Trivedi , admitted in his budget speech said that the standards of hygiene and cleanliness at stations needs to be improved. The railways have proposed a specialized house-keeping body that will take care of cleanliness and hygiene at stations as well as trains. \"All out efforts would be made to improve the standards of cleanliness and hygiene on trains and stations within the next six months,\" Trivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12269944", "title": "Pets feel the heat as mercury rises in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Rising mercury levels in the city have spelt health troubles for pet dogs and cats. The pet population, especially imported breeds like Pugs and furry Pomerians, are suffering from heatstroke and respiratory allergies like bronchitis. Dogs with thick, double-coats have a tougher time beating the heat. The ones with pushed-back faces, such as Bulldogs, Pugs and Boxers, have smaller airways, making it all the more difficult for them to cool off during summers.On why pets are vulnerable to heat, doctors say these animals, especially dark-skinned and furry dogs, are unable to sweat all over like a human. \"They completely rely on panting (to get rid of hot air and inhale cool air) to cool themselves. Some sweating occurs through their footpads and nose, but this is insufficient to effectively cool them. These factors make them especially prone to heatstroke during hot and dry weather,\" said Dr Dhiraj Kashyap, who runs Indira Pet Clinic.Veterinary doctors are getting 20 to 30 cases of heatstroke, respiratory allergies and skin allergies every week. Getting your pet to exercise in hot weather can also cause them heatstroke. As with humans, older dogs, over-weight ones and those with heart or lung ailments, are more likely to suffer from heatstroke than younger ones which are more in shape. So don't push your dog to exercise on very hot or humid days.\"One should take out their pets for a walk early in the morning -- before 7.30am or late evening -- after 6pm. It is not advisable to take them out even if the sun is slightly harsh, because they are vulnerable to heat,\" said Dr V Chitra, a vet.\"The weather is really dry and hot these days, which makes dogs lethargic. They avoid eating food, especially dry food like pedigree. Old dogs, those with furry skin, pugs and dark-skinned dogs are more susceptible to heat. We are getting cases of pet dogs suffering from hypothermia; if out in the scorching sun and if the body temperature crosses 106 degrees (normal body temperature is about 102.5 degrees), the pet collapses instantly,\" she said.Give them fruits and fluidsVets say pet dogs should be given lots of fruits like watermelon and chikoos during summer and be put on a diet rich in Vitamins C and D. Also, it is important to make them drink lots of cold water to keep their body hydrated. Dogs should also be covered with a cloth soaked in cold water during afternoons and given a bath in cold water every alternate day.Keep watch\"If a dog or cat is suffering from running nose and cough for a long time, there are chances of it developing bronchitis or other respiratory allergies. Also, hot weather can make them suffer from dermatitis and result in rashes all over the body,\" said Dr Rahmathulla Shariff, Cartman Animal Shelter and Clinic , Koramanagala.Take care of pupsSaid Dr Nagesh Reddy, Jeeva Veterinary Clinic, JP Nagar: \"Parvo viral infection is common in pups less than 6 months old. They can develop gastro-intestinal infection, start vomiting and get loose motion. This, in turn, dehydrates them. Bangalore's climate, which is mostly pleasant through the year, is suitable for important breeds. However, it's important to keep your pets cool during the 3 months of summer, especially once temperature crosses 30 degrees Celsius.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271674", "title": "Safety on trains remains a women\u2019s only concern", "text": "KOCHI: The rising rate of crimes against women in trains has apparently failed to move the railway minister who hasn't done anything to address the issue in his 2012-13 budget.\"It wouldn't cost crores of rupees to introduce compartments of a different colour for women, or move the women's compartment to the centre of the train and instal an alarm system in it. It's really appalling that such simple demands are ignored while drafting a democratic budget,\" said noted writer Sugatha Kumari.Bimala Baby, one of the advocates who had approached the high court with a PIL seeking more security for women in trains, pointed out that currently there were only around 46 women security personnel manning trains in the state.\"Around 250 cases (of security breach) have been registered with the RPF and the GRP in the last 12 months. The number of security personnel available are only enough to man a tenth of the total number of trains running in Kerala. This is an issue that the Central government needs to urgently address,\"she said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12271344", "title": "Veterinary students get sporty", "text": "The sixth annual athletic meet of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU) was held on Wednesday. Students of three colleges at GADVASU campus' College of Veterinary Science, College of Dairy Science and Technology, College of Fisheries, School of Animal Biotechnology and affiliated colleges of the university, Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Amritsar actively participated in the meet.This was the first time that the Veterinary Polytechnic at Kaljharani, Bathinda had participated in the meet. The meet started with an oath-taking ceremony by Priyanka Rana, an athlete of the university. More than 100 students participated in the meet.Rajandeep and Ramneet were declared best athletes. The overall trophy went to College of Veterinary Science. Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Amritsar, also performed well and their thrower Jugraj Singh won three gold medals in different events.At the prize distribution function, vice-chancellor of GADVASU Dr V K Taneja said sports was important in improving the health and confidence of students and also promoting good habits. He gave away prizes to the winners. The highlight of the day remained equestrian events by the cadets of NCC unit of GADVASU. Bhangra performers added colour of folk and culture to the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12273763", "title": "Suicide bomber kills senior police official in northwest Pak", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A suicide bomber today targeted a police vehicle in Peshawar city of northwest Pakistan, killing a senior police official and injuring four others, officials said.The attacker detonated his explosive vest near the car of Superintendent of Police Kalam Khan at Pishta Khara Chowk in Peshawar, the capital of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province.The official was on his way to work with his bodyguards and driver at the time of the attack.Khan was killed instantly while his driver, two bodyguards and a passerby were injured.The wounded policemen were taken to a nearby hospital. Assistant Inspector General of Police Shafqat Malik, who heads the bomb disposal squad, told reporters that the attack was carried out by a suicide bomber.The attacker's suicide vest was packed with about six kilograms of explosives and ball bearings. The body parts of the bomber were found at the site, officials said. Security forces cordoned off the area and launched a search operation.Khan's vehicle was reduced to a heap of mangled metal by the blast. Footage on television showed a door of the car was pierced by dozens of ball bearings. Bloodstains could be seen on the door and interior of the vehicle.Khan was on the hit list of Taliban as he had headed an operation against militants in the area between Peshawar and the Khyber tribal region.Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa had witnessed a spike in militant violence over the past few days amidst reports of differences among Pakistani Taliban commanders on the issue of holding talks with the government.Hardliners led by Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud have warned they will carry out more attacks against the government and security forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269207", "title": "Asst labour chief to look into MSRTC work hours", "text": "NASHIK: Taking serious note of drivers of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) being asked to work for more than 54 hours a week, the Assistant Commissioner of Labour has called a meeting of both - the MSRTC management and the employees'association on March 19.The MSRTC employees' association has been crying foul as the drivers and conductors are forced to work beyond the prescribed duty hours and has made many representations to the central office (at Mumbai) about the same. After MSRTC employees association threatened to 'Work to rule' the management quickly called the meeting of the association to discuss the issue.\"After we announced the 'work to rule' campaign, the management called for talks. The campaign has been postponed till the discussions are held...that will happen on Monday,\" Pramod Bhalekar, divisional secretary, employees' association, said.The employees association then took up the issue with the assistant labour commissioner where it put forth the fact of at least 75 duty schedules in which the drivers were asked to work for more than 10 hours of duty, which crossed the mark of 54 hours a week - as stipulated by the Motor Transport Workers' Act 1961. \"No worker can work for more than 8 hours a day (regular), 10 hours-a-day (with over time) and 54 hours a week at the most. But that doesn't happen and hence the assistant labour commissioner has called for meeting of administration and association on March 19,\" Bhalekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270842", "title": "Shuttler Rasika braces up for Hungary challenge", "text": "NAGPUR: The new journey for Rasika Raje begins on Thursday when she steps on to the court to play in the Second Hungarian Junior International Badminton Championships scheduled to be held at Pecs in Hungary from March 15-18.After doing exceedingly well at the state and national level in the last couple of years, it is now time for Rasika to make a mark at the international level.The talented city shuttler is part of the nine-member Indian squad who will be participating in the four-day long tournament as Badminton Association of India (BAI) has decided to give much-needed exposure to the country's best youngsters.All the four girls and five boys underwent a month-long coaching camp at Babu Banarasi Das Stadium in Lucknow under the watchful eyes of chief coach MS Nagarjuna. The team will leave for Delhi on Tuesday before they catch a late night flight from the Capital for Hungary.Rasika will play against So Yeon Han of Korea in the first round on Thursday. Next day in the doubles, Rasika and K Vijetha of Hyderabad will take on Hungary's Klaudia Kata Kispal and Agnes Korosi.\"I am not giving too much importance to draw. For me every match is like a final because I am playing for the first time in the international tournament. Every player is a challenge for me. I am not too bothered about the results. I am just aiming to give my best shot and enjoy myself on the court,\" Rasika told TOI from Lucknow.The 16-year-old said she benefitted a lot from the camp and looking forward to her maiden foreign tourney.\"I learnt a lot during the last one month. I get to play different types of players that helped me understand few new things about the game. Vijetha is my doubles partner. She is a good player and we practiced rigorously to understand each other's game,\" said a Standard XI student of MKH Sancheti Junior College.Indian coach Nagarjuna praised Rasika but felt she needs to improve her physique for the overall development in her game.\"She has excellent strokes at her repertoire. Even her court movement is fast. However, she is very weak and must build strength to generate more power in her strokes. She also has to improve tactically to face tough opponents,\" added Nagarjuna of SAI Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12270230", "title": "More ma'ams than sirs in schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Women hold up half the sky, it is said. They certainly prop up more than half of the state's schools. Data compiled by the education department has revealed that women school teachers outnumber their male counterparts by 20%.As per records for current academic year 2011-12, the total number of teachers in schools of all types is 4,30,072. Of this, 2,34,719 are women and the rest -- 1,95,353 -- are men; the difference is 39,3366.There is also a definite pattern in recruitment of male and female school teachers across the state. Men are in a majority in high schools and government schools, while women run the show in unaided ones.The break upIn lower primary schools, the number of female teachers is marginally more than that of men. But government schools have 6,000 more male teachers. Women compensate for this in unaided schools, where their number is four times that of men.Women have a clear lead in upper primary schools: 60,323 as against 19,753 male teachers in unaided schools. Put together, the total number of female and male teachers in elementary schools, comprising lower and upper primary schools, is 1,73,256 and 1,27,586 respectively.The male bastionThe only section where there is a twist in the tale is in high schools. Male teachers outnumber women in almost every section except in unaided schools. Even in the latter, the disparity is not high like in other sections. There are 22,463 male teachers in government schools, 21,585 in aided schools and 20,332 in unaided schools. The corresponding numbers for women are 14,876, 6,846 and 37,547.The trend remains the same across regions, despite the range of development. Interestingly, the number of women teachers in madrasas is almost the same as men when all sections are put together.Banjara Academy chairman Ali Khwaja reasons that low salaries dissuade men from taking up teaching, while women prefer the job because of its other advantages.\"Less working hours, absence of targets, secure environs and periodic holidays are the advantages that draw women to this profession. Even many highly qualified ones prefer teaching to more lucrative alternatives,\" he says.Why the differenceMale teachers are finding it increasingly difficult to raise a family on their salary. Women, on the other hand, find it very convenient to teach. Lesser working hours, absence of targets, secure environs and periodic holidays are the advantages. Even highly qualified women prefer teaching to more lucrative alternatives-- Ali Khwaja, chairman, Banjara Academy.KNOW THE NUMBERSSchools--------------------- Male teachers---------------------FemaleLower primary------------ 29,804-------------------31,165Upper primary------------ 97,782-------------------1,42,091Elementary---------------- 1,27,586----------------1,73,256High school---------------- 67,767------------------61,463", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12271404", "title": "Traumatized leopard refuses to exit IAF runway pipe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The male leopard marooned in a cable-carrying pipe underneath the runway at IAF base near the Chandigarh civil airport took a grim turn with the big cat suffering from extreme trauma and refusing to exit the pipe. The leopard has not entered the cage with live baits placed across the single exit point from the pipe for the second night running.Senior officers of the Chandigarh Forests and Wildlife department on Wednesday consulted experts at the Wildlife Institute of India to tackle the ticklish situation. The situation is compounded by the steady roar of aircraft landing continuously, trucks passing by and IAF personnel coming in groups to have a look at the big cat. This has disturbed the beast. No food is being given to the leopard so that it feels hungry and tries to come out of the pipe in sheer desperation and gets trapped. A bigger cage has been placed at the pipe's exit point as the earlier cage may have been small for the leopard.\"We have advised the IAF authorities not to disturb the leopard. The leopard is mostly crouching among the cables but it does stand up sometimes, showing that it is still agile. Chhatbir zoo directors have checked and it seems fine. On Thursday, we will try new tactics like prodding the pipe with long bamboo poles in an effort to get the leopard moving towards the cage,\" Chandigarh chief wildlife warden Santosh Kumar told TOI.Wildlife biologist Vidya Athreya, who has pioneered field research on man-leopard conflicts, said, \"The best thing would be to leave the leopard. It will find its own way out. It has not harmed anyone at the IAF base so far.\"However, Kumar said, \"The leopard seemed to be marooned at the IAF base for the last 10 days as high walls guard the boundaries. If we allow it to escape the pipe and move into the thick jungles, it would be difficult to locate it. But, if it does not fall into the trap in the next couple of days, we will review our tactics and consider options like throwing in feed into the pipe so that it does not die of hunger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271224", "title": "Court tells Centre to clear stand on sex determination tests", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday directed the Union government and Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation to explain their stand on petitions filed by six Navi Mumbai diagnostic clinics whose sonography machines were seized in June 2011. Their licences were also suspended by the NMMC medical officer, the appropriate authority under the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act for irregularities in maintaining records.A division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice V K Tahilramani was hearing petitions by Dr Rahul Wani, Dr Disha Minocha, Dr Anu Vij, Dr Sujeet Dange and Dr Shilpa Patil and Apollo Clinic , urging the court to order the appropriate authority to forthwith release their seized machines. Their appeals before the additional director, health service, were also rejected . They have also challenged the constitutional validity of the Act itself.Their advocate V M Thorat argued that no notices were issued, no opportunity of hearing given and no reasons were recorded by the appellate authority before suspending their licences. He said there was no ground to exercise exceptional powers under Section 20 (3) and it was also necessary to show that it is done in public interest. \"We have not violated anything,\" said Thorat, adding that the irregularities were not filling and maintaining the Form F register in the format required.NMMC's advocate Sandeep Marne submitted that considering that the Act's objective is to regulate the use of diagnostic techniques in view of the falling girl child ratio, the NMMC has rightly invoked the exceptional powers in public interest. Since the petitioners have also challenged the constitutional validity of the Act, the judges directed the Union government to file a reply observing that the issue will have a bearing on a larger scale. The hearing has been posted after three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12274350", "title": "State trident at Trivedi for being 'ignored'", "text": "RANCHI: The common man to chief minister - almost everyone in the state criticized the railway minister for increasing fare and not giving any long-distance train from state capital.Terming the rail budget \"political document\", chief minister Arjun Munda said that the railway minister has focused on only those places which will help serve his party's agenda. \"The decision to increase the fare and price of platform ticket will also hit the common man very hard. At the same time, the budget also lacks vision for future in terms of improvement in infrastructure,\" said Munda.Rajya Sabha MP Parimal Nathwami also deplored the minister for not considering the demands of people of the state, be it increasing the frequency of trains like the Ranchi Rajdhani Express or stoppage of long-distance trains at important stations. \"Jharkhand is unfortunate that its demand has been ignored by the railway minister by not giving any long-distance train. Keeping in mind the presence of a large number Gujarati in Jharkhand, I had requested for a direct train to Gujarat which was also ignored,\" said Nathwani who hails from Gujarat.Peeved about ignorance of demands of people of the state, the BJP has given a call for economic blockade on Thursday. Party workers will squat on railway tracks across the state for three hours beginning 10 am to stop movement of goods trains. Party spokesman Pradeep Sinha said that the party is not going to accept anti-people budget and to being with the members will go for a token economic blockade. \"Every worker of the party will join the three-hour blockade on Thursday,\" said Sinha.However, there was some appreciation for the railway minister for taking up the six state-supported railway line projects and developing Daltonganj and Garhwa Road into \"Adarsh\" stations in the next fiscal. \"We expect that the upgrade of Daltonganj and Garhwa Road, which are in Maoist-dominated area of Jharkhand, into Adarsh stations will make stay at these places comfortable,\" said professor Krishna Kumar Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271139", "title": "Rail Budget: Expansion plan may fast-track steel business", "text": "MUMBAI: The introduction of new trains, new railway stations, new lines and gauge conversion in the railway budget proposal are all being seen as critical ingredients for increasing steel consumption in the country and will give a boost to steel firms, especially state-owned SAIL and Jindal Steel and Power Ltd.The railway minister Dinesh Trivedi said on Wednesday that the government plans to modernize 19,000 km of railway tracks, which cater to 80% of traffic. The railways plans to spend Rs 63,212 crore on track modernization in the next five years.\"SAIL &amp; railways have been partners in progress for several decades, and this relationship would be strengthened in the coming years in view of the massive modernization &amp; expansion plan of the Indian Railways,\" said SAIL chairman C S Verma, adding that the budget outlines an encouraging scenario for the short and mid-term. Railway investment during the 12th plan is proposed to be Rs 7.35 lakh crore, almost four times the previous plan.In the private sector, Jindal Steel and Power is seen as the biggest beneficiary of the rail budget because of its capability of making 121-metre long track rails, the longest in the world. \"JSPL is dedicated to transform the dream of operating high-speed trains into a reality,\" the JSPL website said.However, shares of all listed steel firms ended in the red on Wednesday after the rail budget. Shares of SAIL and JSW Steel ended marginally down at Rs 100 and Rs 783, while shares of Tata Steel and JSPL were down 1% to Rs 462 and 604, respectively.\"The market was not able to connect with the budget directly in terms of funds allocation of the products and the company's manufacturing them,\" said investment advisor S P Tulsian, adding that any plan to put up new railway lines could boost steel companies like JSPL. Over the past one week, shares of JSPL rose 12% in anticipation.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012, Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12274192", "title": "Severe power cuts in Sindri ahead of summer season", "text": "Sindri: While the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) chairman claims to have taken several steps to ensure uninterrupted power supply, Sindri is reeling from power crisis for the last three days.As the summer has just begun to set in, electricity in the township gets snapped every now and then due to one problem or the other. The situation is so grim that the JSEB consumers are getting power only at night for the past three days.On Sunday evening, the entire Rohabandh locality plunged into darkness due to some fault in the main feeder cable. The next day, power supply to the entire town remained disrupted for repairing the fault. In the afternoon, when the power supply resumed, some irregularities appeared in the Shaharpura power substation. In the evening, when the technical snag in the substation was removed, the feeder switch started malfunctioning. As a result, power supply could resume late in the night through temporary arrangement.But the problem in the feeder switch resurfaced and power supply got snapped around 2.30 in the morning. Though the power supply was resumed around 6 pm on Wednesday, consumers are still not sure how long it would continue.The JSEB took over the electric supply system of the fertilizer township in 2003 but has failed in undertaking any major repair maintenance work in last nine years, alleged district working committee member of BJP Manoj Mishra adding that oil circuit breakers (OCB) of almost every power substation of the town has been bypassed and the JSEB was supplying power without taking safety measures in consideration.Demanding personal interference of JSEB chairman S N Verma in getting the weathered-out wires, cables and breakers changed without further delay, he said that ensuring uninterrupted power supply in Sindri was not possible without major maintenance work in substations.JSEb area junior engineer R K Choudhary expressed his limitations saying frequent failure in system was the cause of disruptions. Executive engineer R B Paul said he was not aware of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "actress payal rohatgi is mighty upset these days! without wasting her breath on trivialities, she fumes", "code": "12249106", "title": "No warrant against me: Payal Rohatgi", "text": "Actress Payal Rohatgi is mighty upset these days! Without wasting her breath on trivialities, she fumes: \"I can't believe from where these reports are emanating from - that an arrest warrant has been served against me.According to the Indian law, the arrest warrant is served to a person when he/she doesn't appear in the court after the summons have been served to him/her. But in my case, no summons were served to me because I was out of Mumbai shooting. I am really appalled that such stories are being spread to malign my reputation!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268845", "title": "Rail Budget 2012: Smaller cities gain, new trains announced", "text": "PUNE: Nanded, Solapur and Kolhapur regions will have new trains and other railway infrastructure development works. A new Nanded-Patna-Amritsar train will facilitate rail travel to important places of Sikh pilgrimage. The train named as 'Guru Parikrama' special, will run once a week.Nanded will also benefit from a new daily train to Adilabad via Mudkhed. The Railways have also increased the frequency of the 12485/12486 Nanded-Shri Ganganagar Express from one to three days.A new line survey between Nanded and Latur road will be taken up. The Railways has already taken up new line projects between Ahmednagar-Beed-Parli Vaijnath and between Nanded and Wardha via Yavatmal-Pusod.From Solapur, a new tri-weekly train to Yeshwantpur in Bangalore will go via Gulbarga. In addition, the frequency of the 16535/16536 Solapur-Yeshwantpur train will be increased from three to seven days. The Railways have proposed a survey for doubling of the Solapur-Gadag line.Ahmednagar railway station will be developed as a model station. The Railways have also announced a target to complete a new line between Ahmednagar to Narayandoh. A line project between Manmad and Indore has been announced, while another survey for electrification of the line between Manmad-Mudkhed- Lingampally-Dhone route has been announced.A weekly train from Shirdi to Vishakapatnam and another between Hyderabad and Ajmer will go via Aurangabad, and Manmad.The frequency of the Kolhapur-Hyderabad train will be increased from two to seven days. Similarly, a survey for electrification of the line between Kolhapur and Miraj has also been announced.Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271565", "title": "Tipu and team log in for tech savvy fans", "text": "LUCKNOW: Keeping pace with its latest tech savvy face, the Samajwadi Party has made arrangements for a Live Webcast of Akhilesh Yadav's oathtaking ceremony on Thursday. Though the ceremony, to be held on La Martiniere College ground, has been thrown open to public, the exercise, party sources said, has been set up in order to reach out to the \"scores of fans'' Akhilesh has gathered over time.On Thursday, the starstudded swearing in ceremony -- with Bollywood , businessmen and political leadership from across the country -- is slated to begin at 11.30am and go on till after 1pm. Proceedings of the entire ceremony will be telecast live through the link available on the Samajwadi Party website. Alternately, videos will also be available for viewing under the Facebook Event category, by searching for the `LIVE Webcast - Oath of Office' string. Live videos of the event will begin at 11am and continue till 2pm.This is not the first time Akhilesh has reached out to the masses through the social networking site. On February 26, he kicked off a One Action CM initiative, throwing the floor open to public, and seeking suggestions for the 'One idea' they would implement , if appointed to the post of CM. Apart from enlisting the support of over 53,000 people, the One Action CM exercise also garnered comments from nearly 750 people till Wednesday.On Thursday, immediately after Akhilesh and his team of ministers would be sworn in, the newly-appointed chief minister , along with his men, will pay a visit to Governor BL Joshi. Soon afterwards, Akhilesh will proceed to the Lal Bahadur Shastri Bhawan, where he will also address his first press conference after assuming charge as UP's youngest chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12270173", "title": "Stalemate continues on Himachal assembly", "text": "SHIMLA: Noisy scenes continued in the House on Wednesday, when it re-assembled after some real action-packed proceedings the previous day. Opposition Congress members stormed into the well of the House, raising slogans against the government and demanding a proof of the ruling party's resolve that it was firm about curbing corruption in the state. However, unlike Tuesday, the treasury benches did not resort to raising slogans and preferred to ensure completion of listed business during the question hour. When it ended, the Congress legislators staged a walkout.Speaker Tulsi Ram managed to complete the business during question hour but nothing was audible in the din, with Congress MLAs raising slogans in the House. When the proceedings began, leader of the opposition Vidya Stokes was on her feet immediately, wanting to know the fate of notice given by the Congress to bring an adjournment motion to discussion corruption. However, the speaker did not allow her to take the issue further and started listing the day's business.When he said that the opposition members should have attached documents to prove their allegation against health minister Rajeev Bindal, Stokes said they have the proof and documents against him.Meanwhile, parliamentary affairs minister Ravinder Ravi described Tuesday's incident as unfortunate, saying the Congress was venting its frustration of defeat in the recently held assembly elections in five states. It had the opposition members rushing into the well of the House and raising slogans. They continued to raise slogans throughout the question hour and walked out when it was over.Later, Stokes said that Congress would not allow the House to function till the chief minister accepts the resignation of Bindal and alleged that the resignation was stage managed. The minister knew that Dhumal would not accept it, she said. Congress MLA Kaul Singh said the CCTV footage of Tuesday's fiasco inside the House should be released to bring out the truth. \"It was the ruling members who first started it,\" he said.BJP state president Satpal Satti told media persons said that the opposition members had been silent for the last four years. \"Now, all of a sudden, they have started making corruption allegations with an eye on upcoming assembly elections in the state,\" he said.BJP MLA from Gagret, Balbir Chowdhary, whose fingers were fractured on Tuesday, has given a notice to the speaker, demanding action against Congress MLA Mukesh Agnihotri. However, the Congress legislators claim it was an old injury and that Chaudhary was now trying to blame their party member for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12274681", "title": "Aspirants take the chill pill", "text": "CUTTACK: As campaigning peaks for the Athagarh bypoll, candidates are taking great care to keep cool. They are gulping down lots of water, natural and homemade drinks during electioneering with the mercury hovering close to 40 degree Celsius. Even they are sticking to a strict diet routine to cope up with the scorching sun.\"I have green coconut water and curd throughout the day,\" said BJD candidate Ranendra Pratap Swain.\"I am avoiding spicy food these days and only following a simple diet,\" said Swain, adding that the warm welcome from people is keeping his spirits up. \"The love and affection of the people really keeps me going,\" the four-time MLA from the segment said.Similar line of thought is being toed by Congress candidate Suresh Mohapatra. \"We are not letting the heat take a toll on the campaigning. All through the day we are moving around and interacting with people. Definitely, it's tough to campaign during peak noon hours but I am advising the workers to take care of their health and consume lot of water to prevent dehydration,\" said Mohapatra. Disclosing his diet plan, Mohapatra said, \"I drink ample quantities of water to beat the heat. I also have lassi and fruits during the campaign. I am also avoiding spicy food these days and only enjoying rice and dalma with the party workers,\" Mohapatra added.Similarly, BJP candidate Bikram Das said, \"I have turned completely vegetarian and having light food like chapati and curry. I am also taking small portions of fruits throughout the day,\" said Das. He further said that the scorching heat is forcing him to take lunch break for two hours. \"We set out at 7.30 a.m. and continue campaigning till lunch break at 1 p.m. Again it resumes from 3 pm and continues till 10 p.m,\" Das added.The lone woman candidate in the fray, Brototi Chatterjee of Utkal Bharat Party said the heat is not dampening the enthusiasm of her party workers. \"I carry homemade snacks, biscuits, fruits during the campaign and drink lots of water,\" Brototi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270488", "title": "Petition seeks red corner notice against Lankan minister", "text": "CHENNAI: A new writ petition seeking to direct the CBI to issue an Interpol red corner notice against the Sri Lankan minister, Douglas Devananda, who is wanted in a murder case in Chennai, has been filed in the Madras high court. A division bench comprising Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice G M Akbar Ali, before which the petition filed by advocate P Pugalenthi came up for admission on Wednesday, has adjourned the matter by two weeks for further hearing.Douglas got embroiled in the murder case after he and a group of Sri Lankan youths staying in Choolaimedu in Chennai, had opened fire on local residents on Deepavali day in 1986, killing one Thirunavukkarasu and injuring two others. In 1994, the IV additional sessions court here proclaimed Douglas an absconding accused and issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against him.In his present petition, Pugalenthi recalled that the HC had on December 8, 2010 refused to quash the pending warrant and held that held that the proclamation was in accordance with the process and no illegality committed by the court in issuing the proclamation. Despite the court order, Douglas had not presented himself before the trial court and face prosecution, the advocate said, adding that be it an Indian or a foreigner, the CBI's Interpol wing could take steps to issue a red corner notice against such people if they had committed an offence in India and absconded or found residing in a foreign country. Pugalenthi said it was the duty of the Union home ministry and the state police to ensure that the Interpol wing of the CBI issued a publication of red corner notice against Douglas to arrest or get him extradited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269635", "title": "Drunk man rams barrier at Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chaos prevailed outside the Parliament premises early on Wednesday morning after a speeding car broke the boom barriers and entered the premises through gate number 7.The driver of the car, Pooran Singh Bisht, was drunk, said cops. He had lost control of the vehicle after a tyre punctured. He has been booked for drunk and rash driving under section 237 of IPC.\"We saw a white Ritz coming from Vijay Chowk which swerved in front of gate number 7. It hit the boom barriers and car went inside. Sensing danger, a commando and I rushed to the spot and alerted two other cops in the PCR,\" said ASI Tilomani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12269061", "title": "Wagon, coach, component makers smell business", "text": "At a time when railways minister Dinesh Trivedi, has been at the receiving end from political parties for increasing fares, manufacturers of wagons, coaches and rail components have thrown their weight behind his proposals in the railway budget and said it would lead the railways to a higher level.Umesh Chowdhary, vice chairman &amp; MD, Titagarh Wagons said the upgradation of track, signalling bridges, rolling stock etc are steps towards that direction. \"One very positive aspect of the budget is the announcement of the logistics corporation to use and develop railway yards as freight terminals. This will increase the private train traffic significantly and will be a positive for the wagon industry too,\" he said and added that reintroduction of the wagon investment scheme was also positive for the industry. The operating ratio target of 74-75% is a positive initiative, Chowdhary said.\"The National Policy on railways is needed to provide 10% of total infrastructure spend on railways,\" said Ramesh Maheshwari,\" executive V-C of Texmaco Rail &amp; Engineering. He said the budget has focused on accelerated development of double deck container flat wagons, autocars, and new design 25T axle load freight cars.The increase in planned investments as against investments in the previous years, which will mean increased business opportunities for infrastructure companies was highlighted as one of the positives by Sanjay Chandra, chief executive (railways), KEC International. \"Announcement of creation of a separate secretary for PPP projects reflects a sense of purpose to attract investments in railways. All this will result in higher investment in railway projects over the next 10 years,\" he said. Ruia Group chairman P K Ruia, which owns Jessop, said the minister has indeed presented a vision in his budget. \"Independent tariff authority and a dedicated Railways designing wing of National Institute of Design are also needs of the hour.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12269087", "title": "Godown fire: Four rescued by fire brigade", "text": "PUNE: The Pune fire brigade on Wednesday rescued four persons, including two children, who were stuck in their flats filled with dense smoke in Bhavani Peth.The incident occurred due to a massive fire in the basement of the building.Of the four rescued, Arvind Dudam (8), Mitali Dudam (3) and Shantabai Dudam (70), were rushed to a private hospital after they complained of breathing trouble. \"They are out of danger,\" said an official from the hospital.The fire broke out at a footwear godown located in the basement of Vishwanath Apartment near Palakhi Vithoba temple in Bhavani Peth around 6.30 pm on Wednesday.Chief fire officer Prashant Ranpise said that the godown was packed with footwear made from leather and other materials.Firemen managed to control the fire within half-an-hour. But, dense smoke started emanating from the godown. \"Within a few minutes the entire building was filled with smoke,\" Ranpise said, adding, \"We used two blowers to clear the smoke from the godown.\"Some residents managed to come out of the building. \"Those who could not come down ran to the terrace. Our men then brought them down,\" Ranpise said.Station duty officer Samir Shaikh, who rushed to the spot immediately after receiving the call, said that the entire building and the area was filled with smoke.\"Me and my colleagues Chandrakant Gawde, Arun Gaikwad, Sanjay Jadhav and Rahul Bandal started searching for people inside the building,\" Shaikh said.Shaikh said that when he and the team reached the second floor, he heard the voice of a woman, crying for help. \"On entering the flat, we found a woman with two children. We immediately rushed down with them,\" Shaikh said.A resident of the building Nitin Adep said that the godown is owned by one Datta Kamble, who also resides in the same building.\"The reason of the fire yet to be ascertained,\" Ranpise said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "basua (gumla)", "code": "12274494", "title": "Women walk for social cause", "text": "Basua (Gumla): Tribal women of Basua village on Wednesday took out a procession across the boundary of village panchayat.Women from at least 20 self-help groups and hundreds of other women shouted slogans against alcoholism, unity of women among others during their march holding a big banner to impose prohibition.Mukhiya Joni Oraon, panchayat samiti member Nasima Khatoon, ward member Champa Bhagat and others led the procession. Later, Gumla BDO Nupur Bhagat and St Stephen's School principal Sumita Chatterjee and Punjab National Bank senior manger Amrit Khalkho also joined the women to support them in their campaign.Addressing the campaigners, the BDO promised all support so that their campaign could be a success and \"a new era is ushered in for their uplift\" while Chatterjee said that women could change the fate of family as well as the community. But Khalkho's visit to rally was significant as he promised to hold out financial support under the easy loan scheme to those women who still seek livelihood by selling hadiya or local liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12275189", "title": "Spurious liquor case: Death toll rises to three", "text": "VADODARA: One more person succumbed to the spurious liquor early on Wednesday morning when he suffered from multiple cardiac arrests. Bhailalbhai Tadvi, resident of Panej village in Sankheda taluka was among the 22 people who were admitted to SSG Hospital on Tuesday after they consumed the liquor at his village in Sankheda taluka. With Bhailalbhai's death, the toll has reached three. On Tuesday, two residents of the same village died after they consumed spurious liquor. All the victims were shifted to SSG Hospital by Tuesday evening and later nine of them were shifted to a private hospital.According to the authorities, all the surviving victims were kept on ventilators and were in stable condition. On Wednesday, Chhotanana Tadvi, 45, a resident of neighbouring Kothiya village, was admitted to SSG Hospital after he complained of uneasiness. He, too, had consumed spurious liquor in Panej village on Tuesday.Meanwhile, police booked Rama Tadvi under section 302 of IPC for murder. \"In accordance with the law, we have booked Tadvi for murder. The chemical he used for making liquor was dangerous and caused deaths and injuries to many people's health. Strict action will be taken against those found selling hooch,\" said J K Bhatt, IG (rural).His wife Kokila may be arrested too as she had allegedly prepared the liquor. \"We are keeping close watch on the condition of the victims. Some of them were shifted to a private hospital as SSG didn't have enough ventilators,\" said district collector Vinod Rao.Sources said that several police teams are busy raiding different areas in Sankheda and adjacent areas to crackdown on bootleggers selling country-made liquor. The cops have detained about seven people for questioning.On Tuesday morning, 22 people took ill after they consumed spurious liquor. The incident brought back memories of the infamous 2009 hooch tragedy of Ahmedabad that took over 160 lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12271418", "title": "Kabir festival concludes with two films on saint\u2019s life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the concluding day of Kabir festival \"Suno Bhai Sadho\", two films based on the life and times of saint Kabir were screened. \"Koi Sunta Hai\" (96 minutes) and \"Kabira Khada Bazaar Mein\" (94 minutes) were both directed by Shabnam Virmani.The film screening was followed by recital performances by Padamshree Prahlad Singh Tipanya and his group in the Malwai tradition of Madhya Pradesh and by Mahesha Ram from the Rajasthani folk tradition.The three-day festival attracted people from all walks of life who were interested to understand Kabir in a better way.Organized by Sangeet Natak Akademi, Chandigarh, at Tagore Theatre in Sector 18, the festival brought fore the life and sayings of Kabir through films, discussions and recitals of his works by different folk artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274550", "title": "Randeep Hooda and Saif Ali Khan bond over horses", "text": "Randeep Hooda and Saif Ali Khan have a common interest.Saif Ali Khan and Randeep Hooda have become close friends thanks to the time they spent together in London while shooting for Cocktail . We heard the actors have a common interest.The duo bonded big time over horses. Randeep is known for his love for horses and so is Saif. While shooting together in London the duo realized about their common interest. Randeep and Saif used to spend more time talking about horses and shared their experiences too.Randeep bonded well with Bebo too on the sets of Heroine. The actor who plays a cricketer in the film has a romantic track with Bebo in the film. It seems after Vivek Oberoi , Randeep is Saifeena's next best friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "depalpur (indore)", "code": "12273146", "title": "Infant rescued from borewell in 8-hour joint operation", "text": "Depalpur (Indore): A one-year-old girl, who fell into a 100-ft open bore-well in Harnasa village about 70 kilometres from here in Depalpur tehsil on Wednesday, was rescued in an eight-hour joint operation carried out by district administration, policemen and fire brigade officials.Payal, who was playing near the bore-well in a farm, slipped into it and got stuck at 20 feet depth at about 12.15 pm on Wednesday. Some children playing in nearby fields noticed her falling into the borewell and reported the matter to the elders in the village.Father of the infant, Mannalal with the help of other villagers informed the police. Additional SP Padmavilochan Shukla rushed to the spot and summoned fire tenders and ambulances besides informing district administration officials. Before starting the rescue work, the ambulance staff lowered an oxygen pipe into the bore-well enabling the infant to breathe. Simultaneously, a web camera was also dropped in it at about 20 feet to monitor the activity of Payal inside the bore-well.A parallel tunnel at a distance of the borewell was dug using four JCBs and one Pocklen machine while the staff of four ambulances were also deployed in the task, which lasted for more than eight hours. The child was safely brought out of the borewell at around 8 PM.At a time the rescue team had stopped using machines to dig further fearing the machine might cause any harm to the girl.\"Instead we tried and removed the mud with hands and spades to ensure that not a single peck of dust falls on the girl,\" said the ASP adding that the time was running out for the team and the health condition of the infant was weakening with every minute.More than 100 people including police, district administration and locals had rendered tireless effort to rescue the girl safely. At finally about 8 PM, Payal was taken out and rushed to a private hospital in Indore to get her medically examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12269052", "title": "Rural police arrest five in dacoity case", "text": "PUNE: Pune rural police on Wednesday claimed to have solved a dacoity at a company in Talegaon Dabhade following the arrest of five suspects, about five months after the incident.The suspects had assaulted the security guards of the company and had looted copper plates worth Rs 80,000 on October 25, 2011. Security guard Damu Dham had lodged a complaint with the Talegaon Dabhade police station.During investigations, police inspector Nitinkumar Gokave of the local crime branch of the Pune rural police received a tip-off that the main suspect would be coming to Pune from Rajasthan. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Prakashkumar Devasi (22) currently residing at Indrayaninagar in Bhosari,\" Gokave said.Devasi confessed to his involvement in the dacoity and also revealed the names of the other suspects. \"We arrested Lakhan Pawar (21), Raju Kusalkar (21) both of Pimpri and Somnath Chalke (28) of Bhosari,\" Gokave said.The police also found that the fifth suspect, Thakariram, was planning to escape from Pune. \"We laid a trap and nabbed him from a private luxury bus at Kamshet,\" Gokave said.The investigating team comprised police constables Sanjay Bhondve, Anand Kale, Sachin Ghadge, Vidyadhar Nichit and Atul Dere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12269973", "title": "Rail Budget: Fare hike not too steep, feel Bangalore residents", "text": "BANGALORE: Citizens say the railway fare hike is not too steep considering that it's the first in nine years. For some, the hike is disturbing because of already high prices of petrol, diesel, gas, vegetables and other essential commodities.Raghavendra Rao, 62 | Retired professionalThe hike is not too high as it has come after nine years. Only when we consider high prices all around, you tend to think why is there another hike. But the Railways must have felt the need given that fuel prices are going up. It's not as bad as one may have anticipated.Ramya Ambostu, 34 | Employee-turned homemakerThe hike, after nine years, is not too bad in itself. But you feel the pinch when you account for the general rise in prices. Let the Railways offer good facilities at stations, including in the cafeteria, and quality food in trains. They should ensure cleanliness too.Narayan Maskeri, 36 | DoctorAs long as good facilities and amenities are provided, the hike is justified. Use the extra amount in the interest of passengers. Railways must have a focused approach when it comes to consumers and should get its act together in providing comfort and hygiene.Madhuri Kalgatgi, 46 | HomemakerThe hike may seem an additional burden for the common man at a time when you hear rise in prices everywhere. Fuel, vegetables, groceries are all becoming out of reach for the ordinary citizen. So even if the hike is marginal, you feel hit by yet another high price rise.Vitusata Bharadwaj, 16 | StudentIt's certainly not a bad hike. But what we urgently need are clean stations, good food, better canteens, safe drinking water and hygiene. The money should be used to improve infrastructure and make it world class. New policies should be framed to offer the best to citizens.Rakhee Sadalge, 41 | HomemakerWhile the hike may not be too steep, it may still affect the common man when you consider it along with rise in prices of all other commodities. Railways should now focus on better facilities. Everybody wants a clean and comfortable ride.It's unfortunate and surprising that a third terminal at Byappanahalli station, commuter rail system or suburban services to decongest the city, and doubling of Yeshwantpur, Hebbal and Banaswadi lines were not taken up. We are also surprised that no trains have been sanctioned to Shirdi, Jammu or Amritsar, a demand that has been pending for 12 years. We also expected a Bangalore-Chitradurga line, an additional train to Miraj to serve the interests of Mumbai-Karnataka, an additional line to Hospet, and one from Hubli to Mumbai. But we welcome the line from Bidar and Gulbarga which will serve the interests of Hyderabad-Karnatak region.Prakash Mandoth | Chairman, infrastructure committee, fkcciBudget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12270778", "title": "Two hacked to death by gang in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: In another shocking incident in the city, two persons were hacked to death in broad daylight and another one was seriously injured at Jeeva Nagar in Avaniapuram police limits on Wednesday afternoon.The murders came as a rude shock even as the residents are yet to recover from the gruesome incident that place on Tuesday morning, where a youth Sountharapandi was hacked to death by a gang of two due to previous enmity at Subramaniapuram.Santhanakumar Pandi (25) and his younger brothers Santhanam (23) and Karuthapandi (18) were involved in killing one Thangapandian at Pulikurichi village near Tiruchuzhi in Virudhunagar in 2011. Three of them were arrested and left on conditional bail later. They were ordered to sign at Avaniapuram police station daily. Hence, the brothers stayed in one of their relatives' house in Jeeva Nagar for the purpose.Police sources said that the initial investigation revealed that the brothers were murdered as a retaliatory act for killing Thangapandian in 2011. It was found that a 15-member gang headed by one Santhanam from Tiruchuzhi area was involved in the killing. The gang had come to the house in a car. They entered into the house and started hacking the victims with sickles.While Santhanakumar and Santhanam were killed on the spot, Karuthapandi was admitted to the Government Rajaji Hospital with serious injuries and his condition is critical, the police said. The gang managed to escape from the spot. It appears that the gang followed the activities of the brothers for some time before attacking them.A special team has been formed to nab the killers and Avanipuram police have registered the case, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12269966", "title": "'Parikarma train welcomed, but not enough'", "text": "AMRITSAR: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's announcement of starting the Guru Parikarma train, connecting Amritsar, Patna and Nanded has been welcomed by Sikhs as the single train would be linking three Takhts -- Sri Akal Takht, Amritsar, Takht Sri Patna Sahib and Takht Sri Hazur Sahib, Nanded.\"The announcement is welcome but the minister should have commenced a train connecting all the five Takhts,\" was the reaction of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) president Avtar Singh Makkar.Talking to TOI on Wednesday, he said if the railway minister had started a train connecting all the five Takhts, it would have been a great facility for Sikhs, especially those coming from abroad to pay obeisance at all the Takhts.A resident of Ludhiana, Ravinder Singh, said that he often goes to Amritsar to pay obeisance at Golden Temple. Now, after the announcement of new train connecting the three Takhts, he has made up his mind to take his family on pilgrimage to the three Takhts.Chairman, Punjab, Confederation of Indian Industry, Gunbir Singh, said that the government should have started another Shatabdi between Amritsar and Delhi and a night train to Delhi in view of the heavy traffic.He said the minister should have paid more attention to improving infrastructure at rail yards for cargo since perishable items and even cement lie in the open.However, there is disappointment among businessmen about not extending the freight corridor to Attari, especially in view of the upcoming integrated check post there.Khanna Paper Mills Ltd director Suneet Kochhar said that the existing rail network was not adequate as compared to the burgeoning rail freight business.\"It should have been expanded and dedicated freight lines should have been upgraded or accelerated to avoid congestion on the operative routes,\" said Kochhar.The number of existing rakes, wagons and racks should also be substantially increased to cater to the increasing demand, he added.Gunbir said that the railway ministry had not done anything about its previous announcement of conforming the Amritsar railway station to international standards. Daily passengers rued that the railway minister should have at least proposed to construct more platforms at Amritsar railway station due to which the trains were stopped at \"outer\" for more than 45 minutes.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269765", "title": "Delhi police to pay Rs 25L as damages to kin of constable", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Motor Accident Claims Tribunal has asked Delhi Police to pay a compensation of about Rs 25 lakh to the family of a constable who died in a PCR van accident due to negligence of the driver.Holding the driver of the PCR van liable , MACT presiding officer Shailender Kaur directed Delhi Police to pay Rs 24,95,395 to the family of head constable Suresh Chandra, who died in the accident five years ago.\"The fact that respondent number one (driver) had to swerve his vehicle to the left in itself shows that he was driving negligently and at speed due to which he could not control the van on suddenly seeing something which came in front of it,\" the tribunal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268736", "title": "Heritage brands big earners in pharma", "text": "MUMBAI: In an age where billions of dollars are being spent on research for new molecules and drugs, it appears that old is still gold in the Indian pharmaceutical market. The 20 to 25-year-old heritage brands of painkillers, vitamins and cough syrups continue to dominate the domestic pharma space and are still the money spinners.Riding on a strong brand recall and increasing sales from rural and untapped markets, these drugs - including painkiller Voveran, health supplement Revital, and cough medication Corex - clocked annual sales of nearly Rs 200 crore each last year, and are growing at a strong double-digit clip year-on-year. Others heritage brands which are making the cash registers ring include popular medicines like Combiflam (anti-inflammatory and painkiller), Mox (antibiotic), Liv-52 (for liver ailments), Benadryl (cough syrup), Calpol (paracetamol) and Shelcal (calcium and Vitamin D3).The average age of all the best selling drugs is 19.3 years, with the oldest being 25-year-old Voveran, manufactured by Novartis, and the youngest, Abbott's 15-year-old Phensedyl Cough, reveals an IDFC Securities analysis of the top 10 largest-selling drugs (see table). Right on top of the list is Abbott's anti-diabetic drug (insulin) with sales of Rs 220 crore. The brand was launched in 1992 and has registered a 18% CAGR over CY07-11.Significantly, despite their vintage, the top 10 brands continue to grow steadily with a revenue CAGR of 14.2% over CY07-11, signifying a high brand stickiness. This is quite unlike the developed countries where the average age of top brands is typically 12-15 years, depending on the length of patent protection, analysts TOI spoke to said.One of the reasons why old brands are still popular here is because painkillers, cough and cold medication and antibiotics are mostly prescribed by general practitioners (GPs). Smaller cities and towns continue to have GPs who prescribe these medicines routinely to people suffering from acute illnesses.Certain medicines enjoy a strong brand legacy built over a long time, and over generations. \"Old molecules still have a strong play in a cluttered, me-too market in India as they command a high level of perception built over decades. Also, the disease categories here are growing, and with more people in rural areas and small towns getting access to treatment, these drugs register a strong volume growth as well,\" says Sujay Shetty, Partner PwC India.Globally, some blockbuster medicines have made very successful switches to the over-the-counter segment after losing patent protection, and continue to clock high sales. A lot of these top-selling brands here are available over the counter, like cough and fever medications.\"People are confident about which pill to pop as they trust the company, and also because of loyalty to a particular brand. They continue to do so each time they are unwell, particularly so in cough and cold illnesses, fever, pain and for wellness,\" explains Kewal Handa managing director of Pfizer India, which owns heritage brands like Corex (cough syrup), Becosules (vitamins), Gelusil (antacid) and Folvite (folic acid).Pharma companies, meanwhile, are happy to leverage the brand equity enjoyed by these mature established brands, and reap the benefits for a long time. Says Ranjit Shahani, VC and MD of Novartis India , which owns painkiller Voveran and Calcium Sandoz in its portfolio, \"With fewer new chemical entities being launched, pharma companies are trying to see how they can extend many of these strong brands as many of these still account for a large chunk of the company's bottomline\".In the analysis, domestic players dominate the rankings with a 65% share by owning 196 brands in the top-300 list. However, despite a limited presence in India (20% of the total domestic sales), MNCs have demonstrated better brand building capabilities and have created 92 of the top-300 brands, and five of top 10 brands sold in the country. For instance, in a bid to build the brand in untapped areas, MNCs like Novartis are running healthcare initiatives like Arogya Parivar to create awareness, accessibility and affordability, where small packs of their blockbuster medicines are sold in villages.However, to keep breathing fresh life into the brand, companies need to constantly innovate with new combinations, attractive colours, flavours or drug delivery methods, says Handa, adding \"otherwise regional brands start to nibble away the market share\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259449", "title": "Is Agent Vinod following Don?", "text": "Well not in terms of the story per se but at least in its marketing strategy - it seems like Saif Ali Khan' Agent Vinod is following the footsteps of Shah Rukh Khan's Don.First the makers of Agent Vinod came with a graphic novel exactly like Excel Entertainment did for Don 2 . The novel titled 'Jangfrau Encounter' doesn't essentially follow the series of events of the movie but has a story of its own. The primary characters however are derived from the film. Even the makers of Don 2 had come with a similar graphic novel singing glory of Don, close to the release of its film.And now there is also a mobile game on Agent Vinod where the player takes on the role of the spy and undertakes a variety of infiltration and action missions. The levels contain a host of interactive objects (security cameras, laser grids, locked doors, alarm nodes, consoles, etc) and are populated by different well armed enemies. Incidentally there was a mobile game modeled on the theme of Don 2 as well.What next? Do we see Agent Vinod theme games on social networking sites as well? Well that is what Don 2 did.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12275339", "title": "Just one train for Sangam city in Rail Budget", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city has got only one train -- Allahabad-Kanpur Intercity Express -- in the Railway Budget. The train will run daily.However, the good news is that four stations of the Allahabad region would be developed as Adarsh stations. These stations are Naini, Jhunsi, Prayag ghat and Daraganj. Further, the route of Chheoki-Manikpur-Itarsi sections would be electrified.However, seven new trains will pass through North Central Railway region. These will be Kamakhaya-Lokmanya Tilak AC Express (weekly) via Katihar, Mughalsarai and Itarsi; Ahmedabad-Gorakhpur Express (weekly) via Palanpur, Jaipur, Mathura, Faruukhabad, Kanpur; Jhansi-Mumbai Express (weekly) via Gwalior, Maksi, Nagda; Kanpur-Amritsar Express via Farukkhabad, Bareilly; Darbhanga-Ajmer Express via Raxaul, Sitapur, Bareilly, Kasganj and Mathura. In addition, Jabalpur-Hazrat Nizamuddin by delinking from 12405/12406 Bhusawal-Hazrat Nizamuddin and 12409/12410 Raigarh-Nizamuddin Gonwana Express will pass through the city.A new passenger train between Jhansi-Tikamgarh via Lalitpur will pass through the NCR region.Out of several trains that have been extended, six will pass through the NCR region. These include Valsad-Sonpur Express that has been extended upto Muzaffarpur, Surat-Varanasi Express has been extended upto Chhapra, Patna-Mathura Express extended upto Kota, Kolkata-Ajmer Express extended upto Ahmedabad (via Abu Road), Ahmedabad-Asansol Express to Bhavnagar and Mathura-Bandikui passenger to Jaipur.The electrification of the Chheoki-Manikpur-Itarsi section on Howrah-Mumbai route will have wider ramification. The trains going through Howrah-Mumbai route will be lessened with the electrification of the route. Further, Jhansi-Manikpur, Maksi-Vijaypur and Guna-Gwalior sections would be electrified in the NCR region.Out of 41 new railway lines proposed to be completed, five fall in the NCR region - Lalitpur-Udaipura, Udaipura-Mawai (part), Fatehabad-Etawa (part), Bhind-Etawah (part) and Etawah-Mainpuri (part).In addition, about two line projects would be completed in 2012-13 including Bhind-Etawah and Etawah-Mainpuri.Out of 84 new line projects that have been sent to the Planning Commission for appraisal include Etah-Kasganj, Satna-Mirzapur, Govardhan-Kosikalan via Barsana abnd nandgaon, Kasganj-Khurja, Orai-Jalaun-Konch and Pipraigaon and Lalitpur via Chanderi.Out of 55 doubling works for completion in 2011-12, four come in the NCR region. The section in which the railway lines would be doubled are Dadri-Ghaziabad, Khurja-kulwa, Chaata-Bhuteshwar and Kulwa-Aligarh section.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269861", "title": "\u2018Give plots in Sec 57 within 4 months\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Over a dozen-odd people, who had approached Punjab and Haryana high court against HUDA for delaying the allotment of plots in Sector 57, have finally got some relief. The court has now given four months to the civic agency to expedite the allotment process. TOI had in the past reported about the plight of the plot owners who had made the payment to HUDA but had still not got their plots in Sector 57.\"We formed an online group and all the plot owners connected through it. Individually, we were running around directionless but after the group was formed we all met and planned the next course of action,\" said Yogesh Maheswari, a Faridabad resident.In response to the Punjab and Haryana high court order, HUDA officials have given an undertaking in the court, which means that they would be hauled up in case they fail to comply with the order. Earlier, the allottees used the RTI route to know the exact details of the status of their plots in the sector.\"Plot owners like me knocked every door to find the answer for the delay in allotment but there was no one to respond to our queries. The group then held a meeting in November last year to move the high court,\" said B M Kukreti, another allottee.According to plot owners, HUDA had 3,000 plots under the scheme in the sector but due to litigation by land owners, the allotment was getting delayed. The high court order has come as a big relief to the plot owners. \"We knew that unless the court intervened, there was no one else to listen to us,\" said Ishdeep, another allottee. The delay in allotment of plots has made deep holes in the pockets of the allottees as most of them are living in rented houses", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12275128", "title": "Bankers lay thrust on lending to priority sectors", "text": "MANGALORE: The Rs 4,900 crore annual district credit plan for Dakshina Kannada launched here on Tuesday, on approval from district review committee for banking, focuses on agriculture in general and dairying in particular. With a proposed outlay of Rs 1,957 crore for agriculture activities in 2012-13, the committee asked banks to tap the assessed potential to lend Rs 100 crore to dairying and animal husbandry activities.Hemanth Bhide, lead district chief manager Syndicate Bank said the lead bank for Dakshina Kannada district has already launched a special scheme for dairy farmers in association with Dakshina Kannada Cooperative Milk Producers' Union Ltd (DKMUL), which has become popular as Synd Nandini Model.Farmers, who are into dairying activities, can make use of the scheme and incentives given by DKMUL, said J S Shenoy, DGM of Syndicate Bank.D S Hegde, deputy manager, DKMUL said neighbouring Hassan Milk Union Ltd in the past one decade had increased its milk production from 1 lakh litres per day to about 5 lakh litres per day. \"DK, on the other hand, despite daily milk requirement of 3.5 lakh litres per day is able to procure 1.91 lakh litres and has to import the rest from neighbouring districts.A fillip to dairying can help increase milk production to meet our demands,\" Hegde added.An official of the department of veterinary sciences and animal husbandry outlined the salient features of the stall-fed goat rearing scheme and its potential benefits to farmers. K N Vijayaprakash, CEO, DK zilla panchayat said both dairying and goat-rearing schemes could be taken up on a pilot basis in the district and scaled up based on the results obtained. The committee then adopted a resolution to support these schemes by lending to farmers taking them up.Bhide also informed the committee that banking sector in Dakshina Kannada had achieved a business level of over Rs 29,000 crore at the end of the third quarter of 2011-12. It consists of Rs 19,000 crore in deposits and Rs 10,500 crore in advances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12271346", "title": "Hola Mohalla brings them together", "text": "LUDHIANA: Religion is no bar when it comes to love for god. And being strong believers in the philosophy, both Singh and Sharma family enjoyed the Hola Mohalla function together at Alamgir. The two families enjoy all festivals of their respective communities together.Jaspreet Singh, 27, and his mother Jasbir Kaur, 55, resident of Punjab Mata Nagar took their family friends Priyanka Sharma, 26, and her mother Lata, 52, of Urban Estate Dugri, Phase I, to Alamagir Gurdwara which is 20km from the city on Ludhiana-Malerkotla road.After paying obeisance at the gurdwara, the two families watched gatkha and enjoyed the ecstatic sight of this traditional Sikh war game, which is held to remember the valour of Sikhs in battling enemies of the land. \"I believe, Hola Mohalla while being an occasion to enjoy is also a time to restore faith and rededicate oneself to the service of the community. And keeping up with the tradition, we enjoyed serving langar and doing sewa at the gurdwara. It was truly the most amazing and satisfying feeling\" said Priyanka.Her mother Lata also expressed her happiness at the visit. \"I love going to religious places as I believe they cleanse body and soul, besides bringing peace of mind. We plan to come here more often and Jaspreet too has promised to bring us here again,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12271615", "title": "Magazine editor told to pay Rs 25 lakh", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Second Additional Sub Judge here has ordered Crime magazine editor T P Nandakumar to pay Rs 25 lakh as compensation to Dr K G Alexander, managing director of Baby Memorial Hospital, in a defamation case filed by the latter.The court asked Nandakumar to pay the amount with 12% interest from April 12, 2002. Alexander filed a complaint against Nandakumar for publishing a series of articles against him and the hospital in the kidney racket case in 2002, which the court found defamatory.The court had appointed an advocate commission which examined former chief minister V S Achuthanandan, P C George, MLA, the then DIG B S Muhammed Yasin and others as witnesses. Nandakumar was earlier sentenced to imprisonment by the judicial first class magistrate court (3) in a criminal case filed by Dr Alexander.The appeal filed by Nandakumar in sessions court was dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12276080", "title": "King Nag Confirms 'Mugguru Monagallu'", "text": "Mugguru Monagaallu' is a flop movie of Megastar that showcase him three different roles, we mean 'triple action'. But, our Nag's movie shows three stars from Akkineni family and hence the name.But, the ageing romantic-hero gave no clue about script or director. If sources are to be believed, 'Ishq' movie Vikram Krishna is going to handle this multi-starrer produced by Annapoorna Studios but not Krishnvamsi. Looks like, a big treat is on cards for Akkineni fans in the coming future.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12270058", "title": "No respite for buyers as planning board drags feet on Master Plan", "text": "NOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida Extension are losing hope as chances seem slim regarding approval of the Greater Noida Authority Master Plan 2021 by the NCR Planning Board anytime soon so that construction of projects can resume. While the planning board has confirmed that its next meeting is on March 22, an RTI has revealed that it would take a minimum of 2-3 months for the plan to be approved.\"The board has also said that the Master Plan has to be approved by the planning committee before it is taken up for discussion,\" said Abhishek Kumar, a homebuyer who had filed the RTI.The board has brushed aside speculations that it will give a green signal to the Master Plan in its next meeting. \"The reports are concocted and false. Also, our meeting is scheduled on March 22 and not March 26. It is yet to be decided whether the Master Plan issue would be on the agenda,\" said an official of the planning board.All hopes of homebuyers are now fixed on the Allahabad High Court that would hear the petition filed by Noida Extension Flat Buyers' Welfare Association to impose a time-bound deadline on the planning board for giving its sanctions to the Master Plan.\"Our petition has been accepted by the Allahabad High Court and the next date of hearing is March 27. Our hopes are hinged on the court taking cognizance of the fact that the NCRPB is dragging its feet over the issue,\" said GL Sagar, secretary of the buyers' association.The Allahabad High Court, in its judgment of October 21, 2011, had directed the Greater Noida Authority to implement suggestions and recommendations of the planning board into its Master Plan 2021 before resuming construction activities in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270862", "title": "Cops to be trained in handling accident cases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A training programme to educate police personnel on handling roadside trauma and accident cases \"Trauma and emergency life support\" will commence on Thursday at the Government Medical College &amp; Hospital. Under WHO \"Road Safety 10\" project, a series of workshops and trainings for doctors and paramedics of Punjab were conducted at various trauma centres in 2011.The workshop will comprise of lectures and \"hands on\" practical scenario based simulated trainings on mannequins and simulators. The full-day training will be imparted under guidance of Prof Raj Bahadur, director principal of the institute.The training is scheduled for once a month for the entire year. This is to strengthen the knowledge and skills of Chandigarh Police and various responsible volunteers from residents of society as these work as \"first responders\" for pre-hospital trauma care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12270663", "title": "Quality shelter lacking in Tamil Nadu", "text": "Tamil Nadu might be among the most progressive states in the country, but its track record in providing quality shelter to its people is not that impressive. Only 43.7% of the 1.84 crore houses in the state have concrete roofs as per the latest census statistics released on Tuesday.Nine other states and Union territories are better off than Tamil Nadu in providing permanent housing to its citizens. Chandigarh ranks top on the list with 83.2% of its houses having concrete roofs. It is followed by New Delhi (63.8%) and Puducherry (62.4%). Among the southern states, Tamil Nadu is below Kerala (48%) and Andhra Pradesh (48.8%). Interestingly, Tamil Nadu, which accounts for just 5.96% (7.21 crore) of the national population (121 crore), has about 7.5% of its 24.6 crore housing stock. Uttar Pradesh with 3.29 crore houses has the maximum number of dwelling units in the country. Maharashtra (2.38 crore), Andhra Pradesh (2.1 crore), West Bengal (2.06 crore) and Bihar (1.89 crore) are the other states with more housing stock than Tamil Nadu.Around 75 % of people in Tamil Nadu stay in own houses, 23% in rented houses and about 2% in other accommodations. The previous DMK government had identified 18 lakh rural hutments that needed to be converted to 'pucca' dwellings. To fulfil this commitment, the DMK regime launched the Kalaignar Housing Scheme, setting a target of constructing 3 lakh houses a year. The first three lakh houses were completed before the Karunanidhi government's term ended last year.The new AIADMK government scrapped the Kalaignar Housing Scheme and launched a new comprehensive solar powered Green Housing Scheme to provide quality housing to the rural poor. Going by the pace of construction, it could take another 6 to 8 years to provide quality houses for the poor. In the cities, the TN slum clearance board is taking up rehabilitation of the slum dwellers. A TN housing department official said the government was constructing about 60,000 green homes in the first phase.More houses would be constructed in the coming year. In terms of quality of walls, 45.3% of houses in the state have wall of burnt brick. Close to 21% of houses have walls of mud and unburnt brick and about 20% have stone walls. Another 8.6% of houses have concrete walls. Northeastern states like Sikkim, Mizoram and Meghalaya and Maharashtra in western India have concrete walls in more than 10% of their houses.However, they are no match for Andaman and Nicobar Islands where 38.4% of houses have concrete walls. In Chandigarh and New Delhi, more than 85% of the houses have burnt brick walls. The vast majority of houses in Tamil Nadu, 62.6%, have ordinary cement floors. About 16% of houses have mud floors, 1.1% have stone floors and 17.2% have mosaic and tiled floors. Only 1.5% of houses have other high-end floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270357", "title": "Rail Budget: Most support hike in fares, slam neglect of Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: The railway budget 2012 presented by Dinesh Trivedi evoked mixed response in the city. While some called it progressive, hailing the hike in passenger fare after nine years, some were sceptical about the authorities the budget proposes to set up.\"The budget is good. The fare increase is acceptable as the budget promises Rs 300 crore investment for passenger amenities. Apart from this, the emphasis on safety and introduction of special coaches for disabled is a good initiative,\" said Basant Shukla, secretary, Bharatiya Yatri Kendra (BYK). He said that the let down was no new trains from Nagpur to Delhi, Bangalore and Rae Bareilly trains, and denial of zonal status to Nagpur.Nilesh Suchak, immediate past president of Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC), too welcomed the budget calling it progressive for increasing passenger fares instead of freight charges. \"Prices have increased tremendously over the past few years and it was only natural that fares would be hiked. For the railways to provide better services it was important to generate revenue, and as long as they deliver on their promises, this price rise is acceptable,\" said Suchak. He also shared Shukla's disappointment regarding lack of dedicated trains to Delhi, Pune and Mumbai.Devendra Parekh, president of Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council, was however very critical of the budget, saying that it had nothing for Vidarbha. \"It is disappointing. There is no initiative to develop the region,\" he said.He pointed out that the increase in freight charges just before the budget would impact Vidarbha economy. \"We export coal on a large scale. With this increase in freight charges, it is possible that coastal cities will get imported coal at lower prices, thus making a dent on our sales and income,\" Parekh said.BJP MLA from South-West Nagpur Devendra Fadnavis too flayed neglect of Vidarbha. Past promises like medical college at Nagpur and wagon maintenance depot at Amravati have not been fulfilled, he said. Fadnavis hailed the third line between Nagpur and Wardha but said demands for new trains from Nagpur have not been met. He demanded action taken report (ATR) on past announcements.Calling the emphasis on safety the major highlight of railway budget, Tejinder Singh Renu, secretary, of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA), said that the marginal increase in fares was acceptable if the passengers got better services and safety. \"As long as the hike is in public interest, it is OK. My only concern is that all this shouldn't remain on paper, but should actually translate into work,\" Singh said.BC Bhartia, national president, Confederation of All India Traders, was far more sceptical of the development plans of the railways. He said that the policies framed in the budget seemed to favour foreign investors and in the long run would put the common man in trouble.\"The way the Station Development Corporation is proposed to be set up and the additional marketing member on railway board will pave the way for multinational companies to get hold of prime locations in cities, and then like airports, tea at railway stations will be exorbitant,\" Bhartia said.He further said that the proposed tariff authority will help parties wash off the blame of rise in fares in the future. \"This budget appears to be more of a planning commission report for the 12{+t}{+h} five year plan than a report of Mamta Banerjee's budget,\" he added.Altaf Ahmed, ex-president of Central Railway Contractors Association, welcomed the move to hike fares. \"Trivedi's predecessors were populists and did not hike fares. This led to financial instability, affecting works. Hopefully, Nagpur division will get more funds now,\" he said.Habib Khan, general secretary of National Railway Mazdoor Union (NRMU), said the promise to fill up a lakh vacancies is an eyewash. Over 6,500 Group D employees recruited in 2007 have not been given appointment letters yet, as railways don't have money to pay salaries. \"How will it recruit another one lakh persons?\" Khan asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271491", "title": "Rail Budget 2012-13: Peanuts in Lucknow\u2019s kitty", "text": "LUCKNOW: Boarding a train will need one to shell out more for whichever class he wants to travel in the new financial year. The rail budget 2012-13 hasn't made much difference for Lucknow. The city had demanded trains between Lucknow-Delhi , Lucknow-Mumbai and Gorakhpur-Delhi , but the ministry has not responded to the demands this time too.The Lucknow-Delhi and Lucknow-Mumbai routes witness a heavy passenger traffic all the year round. The already existing trains have a long waitlist almost every day. The trains to Delhi and Mumbai were demanded in the previous budget also. The two trains which will directly cater to Lucknowites are Lucknow-Chhapra (thrice a week) and Howrah-Lucknow (weekly).On the other hand, Kanpur has got two direct trains - a weekly train Kanpur-Amritsar Express and a daily train Kanpur-Allahabad Intercity Express . On the hike in passenger fare, officials said it was very much needed. \"The fare was not hiked in the last nine years and fund crunch had stalled many projects. People want improvement in the services, a little hike in fare is not a matter of concern,\" said sources.The officers also said that setting up of corporations will improve the services. Besides, the Research Designs and Standards Organisation (RDSO) has been entrusted to ensure that train protection and warning system (TPWS) technology is suitably adapted to Indian conditions. This technology ensures automatic application of brakes whenever a driver overshoots a signal at danger , thereby eliminating the chances of collision of trains. The TPWS technology is proposed to be installed on more than 3,000 km of route.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 201 2, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270352", "title": "Nithyananda\u2019s ex-aide surrenders in blackmail case", "text": "CHENNAI: Lenin Karuppan, who sent tapes of self-styled godman Nithyananda and actress Ranjitha to the media, surrendered before CB-CID sleuths on Wednesday. The CB-CID registered a case against Lenin Karuppan, a former aide of Nithyananda, after Nithya Athmaprabhananda, manager of Nithyananda's ashram, complained that Lenin had demanded crores of rupees to keep the tapes a secret.Lenin, who was brought before CB-CID officials by his lawyer Sumathi, was taken into custody by deputy superintendent of police Barani Kumar, who is investigating the case, and interrogated. \"After conducting a detailed interrogation, if needed, we will arrest Lenin,\" inspector general of police (CB-CID) Manjunatha said.Police, however, refused to divulge the information revealed by Lenin during his interrogation. On July13, 2011, Nithya Atmaprabhananda, a devotee of Nithyananda and manager of his ashram, filed a complaint with the Chennai police commissioner against the then Sun Network chief operating officer Hansraj Saxena, his assistant Iyyappan, 'Nakkheeran' Gopal and Kamraj, Lenin Karuppan, his brother Kumar and some others, levelling charges of extortion, criminal intimidation, criminal conspiracy, etc., in connection with the release of the video.Lenin Karuppan and his brother Kumar filed anticipatory bail petitions that were rejected by the sessions court concerned in Chennai. They moved the Madras high court on September 6, 2011 for anticipatory bail but were again refused bail. Four days later, Hansraj Saxena and Iyyappan were arrested and taken into judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12270701", "title": "80% of Tamil Nadu residences use tap water", "text": "There is good news for Tamil Nadu in the latest Census 2011 assessment with regard to drinking water needs. The state which has for long battled water scarcity now ranks seventh among other states when it comes to tap water connections.According to figures, 79.8% of residences in the state have cited tap water to be their primary source of drinking water. On the other hand, this is not likely to quell the daily brawls around the water-pump at street corners. The same data sheet also points out that only 34.9% of households have water supply on their premises, a figure that is on a par with the situation in the desert state of Rajasthan (35%).The rest of the populace (58.1%) has to opt for water supply at the street corner. The situation is worse in rural areas where only 17% of residences have supply of drinking water. However, only a small number, 7% of the population that lives in remote areas, has to travel long distances to collect water. This time though, activists are all praise for the government's efforts in increasing water availability despite growing demand and increasing scarcity.\"Even in areas where no local water resources are available, the government has managed water supply by drawing on resources in other areas and delivering them in water tankers,\" said V Ganapathy, a water and sanitation activist. \"This we must appreciate.\" He, however, said that the numerous schemes for water supply in the state today were proving expensive for the government too. \"The only solution to this is to implement metered water supply,\" he said.\"Currently, with the government fixing a flat rate for water, there is much wastage by consumers. Metering will automatically make people cautious about usage.\" The Tamil Nadu Urban Development Project (TNUDP) has also been executing several water supply schemes in the towns of Tamil Nadu under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) with foreign financial aid to the tune of Rs 2206.13 crore. Of this, 13 projects were sanctioned to supply water to Chennai at a cost of Rs 1180.27 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12271054", "title": "HC asks DDA to allot plots in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday expedited the process of allocation of over 20,000 plots to people registered under the Rohini Housing Scheme of 1981.A bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw directed the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) to proceed immediately with the draw of lots from March 19 and complete the process of allotment within three months. The court's order came on a plea for direction to DDA to carry out the allotment of plots to the applicants waiting since 1981. HC also instructed DJB to complete the work related to water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12272093", "title": "TDP MLAs hold up House, again", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Assembly was paralysed for the second day running on Wednesday with main opposition Telugu Desam Party (TDP) stalling proceedings on their demand for the immediate dismissal of all 'tainted' ministers.The speaker was forced to adjourn the House twice with the opposition insisting that all relevant material associated with the 26 controversial government orders be placed before the House. A heated exchange occurred between legislative affairs minister D Sridhar Babu and TDLP deputy leader P Ashoka Gajapati Raju after the latter repeatedly kept using the expression 'tainted ministers' to refer to the cabinet members. With no signs of calm returning to the Assembly , deputy speaker Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka adjourned the House for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271568", "title": "Prashob likely to reach India today", "text": "KOCHI: An alert has been sounded at all airports in the country to detain Prashob Sugathan, a second officer in MV Prabhu Daya, who is expected to land in India on Thursday after being deported by Sri Lankan authorities.Prashob apparently fell from the ship after it collided with a fishing boat off Alappuzha coast killing five Indian fishermen. He was rescued by the Sri Lankan Navy and has been undergoing treatment at a hospital near Colombo.The special investigation team (SIT) probing the case has been trying to take him into custody through the office of the Indian High Commissioner in Sri Lanka.His deposition before the SIT will be crucial in the case. While the ship authorities contend that Prashob had jumped into the sea in an attempt at suicide, his father, Sugathan, has lodged a complaint with police that his son was thrown into sea by a group in the ship, and that he had not attempted to commit suicide.Initial reports said Prashob had decided to take the extreme step fearing action in connection with the mishap.Ernakulam Range inspector general of police K Padmakumar said that the Immigration Wing had been alerted about his arrival from Colombo in order to thwart any possible attempt on Prashob's part to escape arrest. \"His arrest is crucial for the case,\" the officer said.As per information received from the office of the Indian High Commissioner in Sri Lanka, Prashob will be deported to the nearest airport in India from Colombo. Most probably it will be Thiruvananthapuram airport. A police team will be camping there to arrest him once he lands there. The SIT will take him to Ambalappuzha court where it will move an application seeking his custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "12271168", "title": "HC summons JDA commissioner over Prithviraj Nagar dispute", "text": "JAIPUR : The Rajasthan High Court has directed the Jaipur Development Commissioner (JDC) to appear in person before the court on April 9 with an affidavit stating the position of vacant land in the disputed Prithviraj Nagar scheme.Justice Ajay Rastogi passed the order on a petition filed by some successful allottees of Kalpna Nagar that was carved out in Prithviraj Nagar but were never given possession despite depositing the entire amount due to be paid by them.The court also asked the JDC to file an affidavit clarifying as to what efforts have been made to allot alternative plots to those successful allottees whose land were sold out by land mafias in Prithviraj Nagar as also list of those allottees who successfully took possession of their plots and are residing in the locality.Further, the JDC has been asked to file details of names and number of allottees who have been adjusted outside Prithviraj Nagar. It was argued before the court that land is still laying vacant in the locality and the allottees can be well adjusted but JDA is not making the efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273744", "title": "Hope for breast cancer patients", "text": "One of the most traumatic aspects of breast cancer surgery is the fear of losing a breast. But doctors at Tata Memorial Cancer Hospital are practising a surgical procedure which will enable them to treat breast cancer even at an advanced stage without having to perform a mastectomy, that is, surgical removal of the breast .Seventy per cent of breast cancer patients who have undergone this treatment at the Tata Memorial Cancer hospital did not lose their breasts, thanks to breastconserving surgery. This which is not a radically new procedure, but one in which many doctors at the Tata Hospital are now being trained annually. According to the hospital's doctors, the procedure has shown a high success rate, with none of the patients having undergone this procedure showing signs of the cancer having returned, as of now.How it worksIn conventional surgeries for breast cancers, doctors surgically remove the tumour without removing the breast only in cases when the tumour is less than 3.5 cms in size. In cases where the tumour is larger than 3.5 cms, the doctors perform a mastectomy, in which they surgically remove all or part of the breast, including excision of underlying muscles.In breast-conserving surgery, the tumour is removed along with surrounding tissue. Then the gap left after the removal of the tumour is filled with tissue from another part of the body. \"Earlier, this was not possible because most of these women were in an advanced stage of the cancer. Now, we are able to save the breast even at a later stage,\" said Dr Vani Parmar, a doctor at the Tata Memorial Hospital.Dr Parmar supported her argument with numbers: Around 2000 people out of 3800 new breast-cancer patients have not lost their breasts. \"Our focus is to train doctors across India.\"Last week, more than 500 doctors from across the state attended the 'Breastcon Workshop' organised as a joint venture by KEM and Tata Memorial Hospital.In the workshop, Dr Parmar performed a live surgery on 55-year-old woman. Dr Parmar said, \"In the surgery, we first marked the tumour and removed it entirely without removing the breast. Then we used tissue from her waist.\"She said the benefit of this operation is that the flab grafted onto the breast has live tissue which restarts blood circulation in the breast.Lata.Mishra @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268288", "title": "NGOs\u2019 foreign aid: Rs 31,000 crore in four years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government said in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday that more than Rs 31,000 crore has been received as foreign contribution by 65,500 Indian NGOs between 2007 and 2010 even as a demand was raised by members in the Upper House that the Centre should put in place a strong surveillance network to monitor inflow of foreign funds to such organizations, besides creating a database in the interest of national security.Responding to a question, MoS for home Mullappally Ramachandran said Rs 9914.19 crore foreign contribution was received by 21,365 NGOs in 2007-08, Rs 10987.05 crore by 22,544 NGOs in 2008-09 and Rs 10340.25 crore by 21,674 NGOs in 2009-10.On whether such funds are being misused for opposing the setting up of the Kudankulam nuclear plant, the minister said that preliminary reports have suggested alleged misuse of foreign funds for opposing the setting up of the nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu, and probe has been ordered into it.\"There are intelligence inputs of some organizations diverting funds for purposes other than the permitted use of foreign funds. These matters are being investigated,\" he said in his written answer.His statement came on the day when a Congress member B S Gnanadesikan raised the issue during Special Mention in the Upper House. He said, \"Government should establish a data base of NGOs to whom foreign contribution is increasing day by day. There are reports that funds are being utilized to fuel unrest in government projects.\"Seeking a strong surveillance system he said it was needed \"in the interest of national security\" as government records show that nearly 22,000 voluntary groups have received Rs 10,000 crore donations from abroad for social service in 2009-10.Of these NGOs, a large number \"belong to Tamil Nadu which together received Rs 1663.31 crore as contribution from abroad, mostly from the US, the UK, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269694", "title": "No bidders for polling paraphernalia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Municipal polls are round the corner, but MCD has not yet procured the earthen pitchers, painda (base for supporting the pitchers), glasses, shamiyana, pedestal fans and curtains required at the polling booths.The civic agency had invited bids for these items on March 3. Till March 12, the tenders were open but the response was lukewarm. The reason is dues amounting to Rs 6 crore still not paid to the contractors that provided items for the 2007 municipal elections. \"The contractors have been asking for payments since last year. Even the officials, who were deployed on polling booths during the 2007 polls, haven't received their remunerative dues,\" said an MCD official.With orders given to float fresh tenders to procure these items, officials say the dues will be cleared soon. \"The officials are directed to clear the dues first. Fresh tenders will be floated after the payment,\" said Y S Mann, director, press and information, MCD.But officials who were deployed at polling booths in 2007 are not reassured. \"It's been five years and the dues are still pending with the civic agency. We have repeatedly asked for them but to no avail,\" said an official who didn't wish to be named.The civic agency will procure almost 24,000 matkas and 48,000 glasses that will be required at 12,044-odd polling booths. All this equipment has to be supplied to the various furniture centres of the civic agency. These items are required to provide tea and water to the polling officers. \"Over 75,000 polling officers will be deployed across the city during the polls,\" said an MCD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12269066", "title": "Two killed as Pune municipal corporation dumper knocks down scooter", "text": "PUNE: Two women died on the spot after the scooter they were riding was knocked down by a speeding PMC dumper. The incident took place near Chandani chowk on Paud Road on Tuesday afternoon.The Warje Malwadi police have identified the deceased as Shibani Nitin Deshpande (49) of Salisbury Park and Madhura Hemant Joshi (27) of Mayur colony. The women were cousins. The police have arrested the dumper driver Sanjay Ziparu Bhure (42) of PMC quarters, near Sarusbaug.Police sub-inspector A K Jarkad of the Warje Malwadi police station said that the incident took place around 2 pm near Ved Vihar on Paud Road. \"The women were going towards Chandani chowk. The dumper which was following them, knocked down their scooter from the rear,\" Jarkad said.Both of them sustained severe injuries. \"Locals rushed them to a nearby private hospital, where Deshpande was declared dead on arrival,\" Jarkad said. Joshi, who was severely injured, was shifted to the main branch of the hospital, where she succumbed during treatment around 4 pm.A relative, Abhijit Joshi, said, \"Shibani was driving the scooter and Madhura was riding pillion. Shibani is survived by her husband and a 12-year-old daughter.\"He added that Madhura had just completed her degree in law and was about to start her own practice in Pune. \"She hailed from Miraj in Sangli district,\" Abhijit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12275136", "title": "Govt recalls services of 22 environment engineers", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of urban development, to rationalize the services of environment engineers working in city corporations in the state including Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), has recalled services of 22 engineers. These include nine engineers of BBMP, six in Mysore, and two each in Davangere, Mysore, and Mangalore and one in Hubli-Dharwad. They in turn will be repatriated to the department of municipal administration - their parent department.The parent department will again reassign them to other urban local bodies (ULB) including city municipal and town municipal councils and town panchayats respectively.The primary duty of the environment engineers is solid waste management in their respective urban local bodies. The first batch of 123 environment engineers was recruited in October 2005. Of which 77 are still in the service, 22 in city corporations and the rest in other urban local bodies across the state.Arvind Shrivastava, secretary, the department of urban development told TOI that the first batch of environment engineers were recruited under cadre and recruitment rules of the department of municipal administration, specifically to serve in urban local bodies (ULB) other than the city corporations. \"Over a period of time, most of these engineers landed up in city corporations, including nine in BBMP leaving other ULBs without environment engineers,\" he said.A move by the urban development department to recruit environment engineers for city corporations hangs in limbo as the department's move to formulate separate cadre and recruitments rules is pending before the high court after the city corporation employees obtained a stay on it. Arvind said the urban development department could not be blind to a situation where one civic body had surplus environment engineers and others did not have even one.DC N S Channappa Gowda told TOI that two environment engineers in city corporation here had been asked to report to the UD department. \"They are yet to be relieved,\" he said.Incidentally, while the environment engineers in Mangalore and Mysore report to the health officer, those in BBMP and Hubli report to superintending engineer and to executive engineer respectively. \"Services of environment engineers posted to ULBs in DK can be utilised in MCC,\" the DC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273568", "title": "John to jiggy like Sridevi", "text": "Sridevi danced to it way back in 1989. And now, John Abraham will also shake to the famous rain dance number Naa Jaane Kahaan Se Aayi Hai in his forthcoming film I Me Aur Main.Producer Goldie Behl has been asked by the music company T-Series to use the song in his upcoming project. And the song has already been incorporated in it.In fact, it was T-Series head Bhushan Kumar's idea to revive the popular Sridevi number. \"These days there is a growing trend of using old songs in new films. I have been thinking about the Chaalbaaz song for a very long time. It was an extremely popular number. I wanted to use the song in one of my films,\" Bhushan told Mumbai Mirror.And since, T-Series also has the music rights of the Goldie Behl project, he decided to speak to lead actor John Abraham, producer Goldie and Shrishti Behl. \"All of them loved the idea. The song will be a part of the pre-climax scene of the film. A video will be shot for the song as well,\" revealed Bhushan.About time John Abraham got his dancing shoes ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270408", "title": "Corporation sets target for zones: 10 tonnes of plastic every week", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai, in a last-ditch effort to increase plastic collection in the city, has now set a target for each of its 15 zones to hand over 10 tonnes of plastic each every Wednesday. This move comes after the civic body collected only 14.7 tonnes last week and around 12 tonnes the previous weeks. Earlier studies on solid waste management estimated that the city disposes off 200 tonnes of plastic every day.\"I never thought collecting plastic would be a problem. We require 800 tonnes to lay all the city's roads. The number now sounds big,\" said corporation commissioner P W C Davidar. He was speaking at a seminar, 'Role of young Indians in the next 10 years', organized by the Young Indians wing of the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII).The commissioner also invited suggestions on a machine that can wash the plastic which is collected. Due to the shortage in plastic collection, corporation has been forced to buy plastic at Rs 23 per kilo. \"It's a logistical nightmare. We are now bringing in a lorry of plastic from Sivakasi and one from Delhi,\" he said. Corporation of Chennai had set aside Wednesdays for collection of plastic by conservancy workers. Workers doorto-door to collect plastic bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269581", "title": "Lolyenkar, Pawaskar appointed as CM's OSDs", "text": "PANAJI: Prasad Lolyenkar, director of art and culture and Ajit Pawaskar, under secretary (GAD), were appointed as officers on special duty (OSD) to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , in addition to their duties.Science and technology director and joint secretary (finance) Michael D'Souza has been appointed as the chief minister's joint secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270017", "title": "Sinking of INS Khukri: Military tribunal dismisses survivor's petition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh bench of military tribunal has dismissed a petition filed by one of the survivors of the Indian Navy frigate INS Khukri seeking probe about its sinking, observing that the issue raised by the petitioner has essence of public interest litigation (PIL) and the tribunal cannot entertain such litigation.Division bench comprising Justice N P Gupta and Lt Gen H S Panag, however, made it clear that petitioner is free to approach the tribunal pertaining to his personal issues while other issues challenging the gallantry awards to other naval personnel should be raised before an appropriate form.The petitioner Chanchal Singh Gill had moved a petition before the tribunal in December 2010 seeking inquiry by a judicial commission, withdrawal of gallantry awards from those who allegedly showed cowardice (including officers and commanding officer of INS Kirpan) and fixing responsibility for the Navy's \"huge cover up\" after the loss of Khukri that sank during the Indo-Pak war in 1971.Contesting the petition, naval authorities had challenged the locus standi of the petitioner and asserted that the petition is not maintainable before the military tribunal.Navy had also taken the stand that petitioner is unnecessary raising a 40 years old issue that has no relevance at present.In his plea before the tribunal, Gill had contended that he the naval history pertaining to the sinking of the Khukri is absolutely beyond the truth and INS Kirpan had actually maneuvered to flee and did not deflect the torpedo attack. Gill also said that he could muster courage to raise the issue only after the Delhi-based military tribunal orders passed in May last year directing the Army authorities to correct the history pertaining to Kargil war. Over 18 officers and 176 sailors including the captain of ship, M N Mulla were lost in the sinking of Khukri on December 9, 1971.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273969", "title": "Taapsee, Kajal team up for K-Town!", "text": "No, the two actresses haven't signed up a new film together in Tamil. But their recent Telugu hit, Veera, is getting dubbed into Tamil as Veeriah.The film, which has Ravi Teja playing the lead, has been directed by Ramesh Varma. It also stars Shaam in a prominent role. Confirming the news, Taapsee says, \"The audio of Veeriah was launched recently in Chennai, and the event was graced by prominent Kollywood celebrities. I hope the film does well in Tamil as well.\" Meanwhile, the Aadukalam girl is currently shooting in Hyderabad with Ravi Teja for Siruthai Siva's Daruvu. While Taapsee is also doing Lakshmi Manchu's Tamil-Telugu bilingual, Kajal is busy with Maattrraan and Thuppakki in Tamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12276168", "title": "Up to 10 more Karnataka MLAs watched porn in assembly, says probe panel chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Chairman of the legislature committee probing the porngate episode involving three ruling BJP MLAs in Karnataka said on Thursday that eight to ten other legislators had also watched sleazy clips in the assembly.Shrishailappa Bidarur, however, indicated these MLAs would not be summoned as it's not part of the terms of reference of the panel.His comments confirm the claim by committee member Nehru Olekar who created a flutter earlier this month saying 8 to 10 more MLAs, including those from opposition parties, had also watched the pornclips.Bidarur told reporters that the committee would submit its report to assembly speaker K G Bopaiah by March 20.Lakshman Savadi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar resigned as ministers on February 7 a day after they were caught on camera watching porn clipping in the assembly with regional TV channels telecasting their act which evoked public outrage.\"That may be eight to ten\", Bidarur said when asked how many more MLAs had watched the adult content in the assembly.\"...while viewing the CCTV (footage)...it (eight to ten watching porn) came to the notice but yet the committee has not decided anything on that\", he said.\"If necessary\", Bidarur said when asked if these eight to ten MLAs would also be issued notice for deposition but later indicated it was unlikely, pointing out that the panel's terms of reference concerned \"about only these three people\".The panel on Thursday called two top officials of the law department for consultations with regard to legal aspects of the case and \"what can be recommended\", he said.Bopaiah had constituted a seven-member House panel, comprising four members from BJP, two from the Congress and one from JDS to probe the episode, but the opposition had boycotted the committee alleging the move is an exercise to cover up the scandal.The have maintained that there was no need for probe as the three MLAs have admitted to their actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269508", "title": "Rail Budget: Activists say disabled get raw deal in budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several measures announced by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi for the differently-abled has been slammed as tokenism by activists espousing their cause.Scoffing at the announcements, many feel these measures, if implemented, would pay lip service to alleviating the problems of the differently-abled.The railway minister said his ministry would work towards providing special coaches with compartments and toilets adapted to the needs of the differently-abled. The railways has so far designed 2,100 such coaches and intends to have one such coach in each express and mail. Trivedi also said the budget would consider making platforms and stations more accessible to them.Shalini Khanna, honorary director, NAB India Centre For Blind Women And Disability Studies, was appalled at the measures announced by Trivedi. Increasing the number of special coaches, she said, was a way of further isolating the differently abled.\"Why are you isolating them? Why can't every coach of the train be disabled friendly? You cannot isolate them from the general environment,\" she said.Khanna said providing more coaches does not help the cause. \"With the present arrangement how do they expect a disabled person to travel from one platform to another? What about restrooms, eating joints, among others. Are they disabled friendly?\" she asked. While the railways might have the basics like wheel-chairs and ramps, there are no sign-boards or instructions to guide passengers, she said.Even though Javed Abidi of National Centre for Promotion of Employment for Disabled People welcomed the increase in the number of special coaches for the differently-abled, he too raised questions on the inclusivity of the differently-abled with other passengers.\"Why should there be just one coach for the differently-abled in the train. In fact, every class should have one such coach. They should be given the same choices and amenities as other passengers,\" he said.Abidi said increasing the number of coaches will not make travelling comfortable for the differently-abled. \"The management of disabled-friendly coaches in trains is dismal. They are mostly used by railway and security staff,\" he said.Akhileshwar Singh, a differently-abled student, travelling in Poorva Express from New Delhi to Howrah, echoed similar views. \"There is a coach for me but I am not able to utilize it. Often I do not get a place to sit as the coach is crammed with passengers,\" he said.G Syamala, member of Action For Ability Development and Inclusion, too says a lot needs to be done in this regard. She says a major change can be brought about if these decisions are made at the policy level and there is a considerable allocation of funds. \"The authorities have to allocate 3% of the budget for it and look at every amenity that is being provided. They should have a clear-cut plan, which should be implemented in a phased manner,\" she said. Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012\u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275696", "title": "Rajini sings for Kochadaiyaan", "text": "We all got to hear Rajinikanth rendering a song in Mannan but that was way back in 1992. Now, twenty years later, the Superstar has been persuaded to sing for his film.Yes, you guessed it right! He had sung a song, which has been scored by the Oscar winning music director AR Rahman , for Kochadaiyaan.The lyrics for this song have been penned by poet Vairamuthu. There is also a talk that this particular song was recorded on March 11th and the outcome has pleased everyone concerned. Rajinikanth is now getting ready to face the camera as the shooting is to start on March 21st in London . Director Soundarya Rajini is upbeat as all the arrangements have been made.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nandigram", "code": "12270199", "title": "Mamata Banerjee: I may forget myself but not Nandigram", "text": "NANDIGRAM: From denouncing an age-old banking practice of auctioning mortgages against any loan default as \"black law\" which she will never allow to announcing that nearly half of the panchayat seats in Bengal (when it goes to polls possibly next year) will be reserved for women, chief minister Mamata Banerjee may have spoken to a largely rural audience on Wednesday at Nandigram College Grounds, but had in mind the forthcoming panchayat polls. Incidentally, the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee cabinet had on November 24, 2010, already cleared a proposal to reserve half of the panchayat seats for women, from the present 33 %, following Tripura's lead.Seemingly undeterred by the consequences, Mamata reiterated what she had told in Writers' Buildings two days back. \"Can you imagine a law which says if peasants fail to repay loans their property will be auctioned? This is a Black Law. We did not enact such a law but will do everything to stop it. CPM to shield their misdeeds is spreading lies,\" she said, with the audience lapping up every word she said.Only on Tuesday, the state co-operative bank chairman had argued that by stopping banks to realize their dues will only stop it from serving existing depositors. CPM has not only stopped short of pointing that the particular bank which Mamata named has only one CPM member on its board against Trinamool's 17, but claimed it will only give fillip to private financers and micro-finance companies as institutional lenders will shy away.If this was one, the other was Mamata's declaration of 50% reservation for women in the forthcoming panchayat polls. \"We have decided on it and this will be implemented before the next polls. The modalities on reservations needs to be worked out,\" she said. The Centre had on November 2009 introduced a constitution amendment bill to increase women's representation in panchayats from one-third to one-half.This paved way for several states to follow suit. Bengal too cleared it in its cabinet saying reservations will be based on the proportion of OBC population in a particular area. The Mamata Banerjee-cabinet, it appears, will take this to a logical conclusion giving a fresh demographic contour to the all-crucial civic polls.Taking a step ahead her announcement of March 14 to be Krisak Diwas, Mamata said that every year on Krisak Diwas, March 14, she will visit Nandigram.She also laid the foundation stone of a multi-specialty hospital in Nandigram and first of the 61 Kisan Mandis to be set up here. In addition, she assured that she was trying to revive the fertilizer factories in Haldia and Durgapur. The CM announced an industrial park in Jellingham.She also mentioned a proposed eco-tourism hub in Nayachar. \"There will be no chemical hub there,\" Mamata announced.Mamata also mentioned that the government is giving its final touches to the proposed land bill.Speaking on the land bill, the CM said, \"We are working on some aspects, including reservation. We don't want to hurry it up, else it will be challenged in courts and will be rendered ineffective. The purpose would be defeated then,\" she said.For the CPM, she had a metaphor. \"Like Balmiki had to penance for several years to wash away its sins, CPM too should do it to wash away its sins for the last 34 years. If they can't they better apply leucoplast,\" she said. To the people here she said, \"In every pain, I will remember Nandigram. I may even forget myself; not Nandigram.\" perhaps a tribute to a place and its people, largely responsible for catapulting her to Writers'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12261885", "title": "Aamir Khan: Not mentally prepared for 'Dhoom 3'", "text": "Actor Aamir Khan , who would be seen as a baddie in the third instalment of hit film series 'Dhoom', says, he is not mentally prepared for the film.\"I have started preparations for 'Dhoom 3'. For my role I have began working on the physical side,\" Aamir told reporters in Mumbai. \"But I am not mentally yet prepared,\" he felt.'Dhoom' series centres around bike chases, handsome thiefs and daring theft plans. After the success of 'Dhoom' (2004) and 'Dhoom 2' (2006) there is much buzz about the third part.Aamir would play the bad guy, while Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra would reprise their roles of Jai and Uday respectively.The 47-year-old actor would feature opposite Katrina Kaif in the film, directed by Victor Acharya and produced by Aditya Chopra. It is set to hit cinema houses in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273381", "title": "We need government support, says Karan Johar", "text": "Filmmaker Karan Johar hopes that the Government gives due preference to the media and entertainment industry in Union Budget 2012, and also realise its importance as cinema is bringing in pivotal social and economic changes.\"It is important for them (government) to realise the importance that we are an industry and whatever we do is for the public. And that our focus is not frivolous entertainment. Our base is becoming broader and we are also making social, economic and political changes by our cinema. So to recognize what we do is very critical,\" Johar told reporters in Mumbai, at the inaugural session of Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) Frames, yesterday.\"We are also bogged down by certain kind of regulations, taxes etc. Like we are talking about piracy since quite some time...we need the support of Government to control piracy.. it is an ongoing war. We would need support of government on taxes and other issues,\" he said.On his expectations from this year's Budget, Johar said, \"It is our desire that we (film industry) don't get ignored in the budget. We entertain people all over the country so it would be great if they think about us. Let the government realise the importance of what we do and what we are trying to achieve through media and entertainment industry.\"The producer-director, who is the Co-Chairman of the FICCI Entertainment Committee, was also overwhelmed by the presence and support of Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan at the event.\"Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had come and his support does mean a lot to the film industry. We hope we keep getting the support of government and also from the Centre,\" Johar said.According to a recent report by FICCI and KPMG , a strong growth in Tier-II cities, the continued march of regional media and the rapidly expanding new media business helped the media and entertainment industry log a 12 percent increase in revenues, at Rs 729 billion in 2011. The industry is estimated to grow at 13 percent in 2012, upto Rs 823 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269986", "title": "Allotment of 34 marble traders to be cancelled", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA is all set to cancel the allotment of 34 marble stone traders based in Sectors 33 and 34 but who are also running shops at the Sikanderpur marble market.HUDA had dug out records of the allotment of the shops to marble traders that took place a few years ago. \"We checked out the records of allotment and details of offices of the marble shopkeepers at Sikanderpur and found out that at least 34 of them had cheated the authorities. Since they are running shops in both the places, we have decided to cancel their allotment,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.The administrator said that the list of such shopkeepers has been prepared and they would face action soon. The allotment of the shops of such marble traders will be cancelled and these shops will be allotted to other eligible buyers.Last week, Punjab and Haryana high court had ordered the Sikanderpur marble traders to vacate the area and this paved the way for the MCG to take over the land.The MCG and HUDA had jointly carried out sealing drives against shopkeepers at Sikanderpur area on MG Road. Initially, after the drive, both the agencies had decided to auction the marbles seized from the shops but now the agencies are planning not to auction them. The agencies had estimated the market cost of seized marble stones to be over Rs 7 crore but the marble traders contested that the agencies have overvalued them. But now, HUDA sources said that the seized marbles would be used in developmental projects, and would not go under the hammer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12269991", "title": "Sukhbir blasts TMC on railway budget", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shiromani Akali Dal president Sukhbir Singh Badal, who had invited West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee to his swearing-in ceremony on Wednesday, blasted Trinamool Congress the same day, for its \"token opposition\" to the rail budget. Sukhbir called upon the TMC to protest by \"resigning from the Cabinet and withdrawing support to the Congress-led UPA government\".Saying that the \"gimmickry\" of token protest by TMC on the rail budget, \"cannot fool masses\", Sukhbir added that people are already hard pressed with unprecedented price hike of essential commodities. The SAD president said the railway ministry has failed to honour the aspirations of people of Punjab by not introducing Bathinda-Delhi Shatabadi despite repeated pleadings by the Punjab chief minister. He said that the failure of the railway ministry to sanction more RoBs for the state of Punjab would impact the infrastructure growth of the state.Criticizing the Congress-led UPA government for its failure to increase freight carriage capacity from Punjab, the SAD president said it was a matter of great regret that Punjab, the granary of the country, was suffering most as the rail ministry's failure to transport the procured grain lying in the godowns of Punjab.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said the Centre had been discriminating against the demands of Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12271185", "title": "Powai girl dies as horse cart slips into ravine", "text": "PUNE: A 14-year-old girl from a school in Powai was killed and her four classmates suffered serious injuries when their horse cart fell into a 200-foot ravine at the popular \"table land\" at Panchgani on Wednesday evening.The deceased, Tanushree Rajesh Hegde, and the injured, Megha Chaudhary, Siddhi Pujari , Harshika Patel and Vani Sachdev, all aged 13, were among 71 students of Gopal Memorial High School who had gone to Panchgani for a picnic on Tuesday. They stayed the night at Hotel Blue Country, said Satara superintendent of police K M M Prasanna.Prasanna said the students went to the table land on Wednesday. \"The five girls decided to take a ride in the horse cart, which was parked barely about 10 metres from the ravine . As the girls climbed onto the cart, it started going in the reverse direction towards the ravine. The horse-cart rider tried to goad the horse to go forward, but couldn't . The rider jumped off even as the cart fell into the ravine,\" he said. Prasanna said the students were critically injured while the horse died. \"The girls were rushed to the nearby Blue Hills hospital but Tanushree was declared dead on arrival. The other four were given first-aid treatment and rushed in an ambulance to Ruby Hall Clinic in Pune,\" he said.Prasanna said horse carts have been banned from giving rides on the table land. \"We have detained horse-cart rider Nilesh Kamble and the cart owner Sudhir Kamble.(With inputs from Umesh Isalkar in Pune and Atul Deshpande in Satara)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269893", "title": "CBI too on the lookout for land fraud case accused", "text": "GURGAON: The man who was arrested by the Sector 29 police on Friday for forging documents of a plot belonging to a Delhi-based doctor to get a loan of Rs 3 crore from a bank, is also wanted by the economic offences wing of the CBI in a similar Rs 11 crore loan fraud case.A CBI team had contacted the Sector 29 police on Monday. The accused, Prashant Kumar Tyagi, was on Tuesday produced in a city court which sent him to 14 days' judicial custody. Tyagi was arrested after a senior doctor of Delhi's Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, V P Sacchar, had lodged a complaint against him. Three arms licences, nine ATM cards and a Hyundai Accent car were recovered from Tyagi.An FIR was lodged against him under Sections 420, 467, 468,471 of the IPC. According to a senior police officer, the CBI is seeking Tyagi for his involvement in an earlier fraud case in which he had taken a loan of Rs 11 crore from Punjab National Bank. Police said Tyagi was involved in several such frauds earlier.\"Tyagi had been misleading us during the interrogation. We are investigating the matter considering all the aspects,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO, Sector 29 police station. A police team was sent to Bulandshahar where he had got gun licences. \"We found out from Bulandshahar DC office that Tyagi didn't even belong to Hridaypur village, his address on the gun licences,\" said an investigator. Originally, his name has been registered as Kapil Kumar Tyagi, a resident of Bandipur in Muradnagar, Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12271686", "title": "Airshow\u2019s theme lost in translation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The theme of India Aviation 2012 __ Centenary of Civil Aviation in India __ was completely lost on visitors at the show that opened on Wednesday. Apart from a fleeting mention at the inaugural ceremony and a shoddy stall, the theme found little presence at the third edition of the international event. Enclosed within four jarring blue walls erected at an insignificant corner of an otherwise glittering exhibition hall, the Centenary Pavilion , though throbbing with information and illustrations mapping the phenomenal growth of the aviation sector in India, failed to attract much attention.The poor turnout at the stall on Day 1 was not without reason. If the pictures and brief descriptions (in some cases dotted with grammatical errors) on the walls were haphazardly pinned together leaving onlookers confused, the interesting caricatures on the current state of the industry, which could have garnered some interest, were pushed to non-descript ends of the hall. Not surprising then that the few who wandered into the pavilion walked away without taking note of the rare photographs of the India Trans Continental Airways that first started operations between Karachi and Kolkata (then Calcutta) in 1933 or the largest aircraft Lockhead L-749 Constellation \"Mughal Princess\" that had its inaugural flight at Mumbai's Santa Cruz airport in 1948.Even the life sketch of Jahengir Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata (JRD Tata), the man behind India's aviation story, on an entire stretch of wall, could not hold the attention of many just like the pretty pictures of yesteryears' airhostesses. \"The readings are verbose and the photographs have no labels. They are all so cluttered that you lose interest in a few seconds,\" said a business delegate present at the stall being manned by a bunch of disinterested volunteers reluctantly handing over the pavilion brochure to visitors.The only piece of item that managed to keep people hooked beyond a minute at the stand was the model of the Humber Sommer biplane flown by Frenchman Henri Pequet over the Yamuna river in 1911, which was stationed right at the centre of the pavilion. The aircraft was India's first commercial flight that took off from Allahabad for Naini (13 kms away) carrying 6,500 mails and was considered the world's first airmail service . The accompanying documents with the model aircraft __ letters and pictures from the era __ however, blurred into oblivion for most. So did the `wall of stamps' on the India Civil Aviation industry and the dusty, ill-kept models of some of India's ancient aircrafts.What could have been the USP of the stand, the funny portraits of pilots sleeping on board a plane or `netas' held for aviation scam, were so mercilessly buried that apart from just a handful of enthusiastic onlookers, it caught the eye of nobody. \"This pavilion is more like a thoroughfare,\" a visitor was, not surprisingly, heard muttering while on his way out of the stall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12274729", "title": "Women to protest 'abuse' of girl cadres by Maoists", "text": "KORAPUT: A women's outfit in Rayagada will stage an agitation in front of the assembly alleging that tribal girls were sexually abused in Maoist camps. The Adivasi Mahila Sasastikaran Sangh stated this through posters pasted at Bissamkatak. The printed posters, spotted on Wednesday, were signed by Ruchika Breakbeda, convenor of the outfit.The poster stated that five years ago a tribal girl, Jhansi (name changed) of Andhar Lima village within Gudari police limits had joined the Maoist organization and married a Maoist, Kailash Majhi alias Rabi. But, Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda alias Sunil allegedly sexually abused the girl and when the couple protested, Panda along with other leaders like Manoj alias Bhaskar and Appa Rao murdered Rabi and threatened to kill Jhansi. \"Jhansi escaped from the Maoist camp and reached her village with much difficulty,\" the poster read.Though complaints were lodged with the State Human Rights Commission, SC and ST Development Commissioner, State Women Commissioner and police nothing was done to give justice to the aggrieved tribal woman, alleged one of the poster pasted on the Bissamkatak college premises. \"So we decided to stage dharana in front of the assembly in its coming session to protest against the government's apathy towards the tribal woman. We appeal to all tribal women to join the protest and oppose Maoist organization,\" it read.The posters have also alleged that on false promises tribal youths are being lured by Maoists. When contacted, police said that they have seized few posters and inquiring into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12270821", "title": "Train to Pune brings cheers to Amravati citizens", "text": "AMRAVATI: The much-awaited demand of Amravati-Pune express was fulfilled by the railway ministry on Wednesday after an announcement to this effect was made during the railway budget. However, the train is biweekly, and citizens expect it to be made a daily train.Although the budget announced by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday did not fulfil the demand of a DRM office at Amravati, but it has announced much awaited Amravati-Pune train via Latur and linked Amravati with two trains including Indore-Yasvantpur and Jaipur-Secunderabad.The demand for the Amravati-Pune train picked up in the last decade since most students and youngsters have rushed to Pune for jobs and education and there are very limited trains for Pune. Even these are from Badnera railway station. Private bus operators took full advantage of this paucity. In the festival season, bus fares to Pune would shoot up dramatically. Therefore, when Amravati railway station was developed, the demand for the Pune train intensified.When President Pratibha Patil had come to Amravati for the inauguration of Amravati railway station, MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat and MP Anand Adsul highlighted the demand for the train. Trivedi, who was present at the function, had promised Shekhawat and Adsul to look into the matter and kept his word.Talking to TOI, Sachin Pawar, a regular commuter to Pune, said that considering the passenger load to Pune, the government should make the train a daily affair.Pranav, a final year engineering student, said, \"I will shift to Pune after my graduation and this train will definitely help me. Every year, thousands of students shift to Pune and private bus owners exploit their situation. This train will give some relief to passengers. If the government makes the train daily, it would be like icing on the cake,\" he said.Another citizen Prasad Deshmukh too said the train should be made daily. \"It has also been observed that the government announces the train but it takes a long time for implementation. Now that the government has announced the train, it should be started as early as possible,\" he said.Kiran Paturkar of MIDC association welcomed the announcement of the new train but lamented that the demand of DRM office at Amravati and Central Railway office at Nagpur was ignored. \"Like chamber of commerce, railway should have given representation to a member of the industrial association on the railway committee,\" said Paturkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271229", "title": "1993 blasts masterminds still at large, judge raps prosecution", "text": "MUMBAI: On the 19th anniversary of the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts, special TADA judge G A Sanap on Monday passed a four-page order in which he questioned the seriousness of the prosecution in conducting the trial of the second batch of accused. \"The prosecution is not displaying the required seriousness which had been there when the first batch of the accused were tried,\" the judge said.The TADA court is currently trying several accused, including extradited gangster Abu Salem and Mustafa Dossa. In 2007, the court had pronounced the judgment with respect to other arrested accused.Judge Sanap while terming the day, March 12, as that of historical importance, directed the CBI to file an affidavit mentioning in detail the progress of investigation and steps taken to arrest other absconding accused Dawood Ibrahim , Tiger Memon, Mohammed Dossa, Anees Ibrahim Kaskar and 29 others . The affidavit is to be filed on or before March 19.The CBI has cited a total of 33 accused as absconding. Referring to these absconding, the judge said that they include the main culprits who are the mastermind behind the blasts. \"The CBI has not made it clear if there is an immediate prospect of arresting these accused or otherwise. If there is, they can be joined with the preset accused and tried with them,\" the judge said.The court said that since long, the progress report of the probe and the prospects of arresting the accused has not been submitted. \"Urgent steps require to be taken at the diplomatic level to see that the main culprits are brought to India,\" the judge added.Judge Sanap said the disposal of the matter in one go will be in the interest of all concerned. \"For want of the arrest of the absconding accused , the trial will be kept alive for years together. If all the accused involved in such a matter are not tried in one go, it will waste time of the judiciary as well as give rise to unnecessary legal complications ,\" he said.The judge also said that while conducting the trial, he was facing various difficulties. \"On several occasions over minor issues, the matter has been carried to the Supreme Court. By order dated February 22, 2011, the Supreme Court has devised a mechanism to see that the case is disposed of expeditiously ,\" the judge said. \"The witnesses are not brought before the court within time and so the witnesses are not available,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12270118", "title": "Residents unsafe as city ill-equipped to fight fire", "text": "NOIDA: A series of fires in the Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad districts within the past one week has started raising questions about the safety of residents and how well-prepared the administration is to handle such contingencies. In the past one week, four fires were reported in Gautam Budh Nagar and one in Ghaziabad. The fire-related incidents claimed one life and injured 7 others while leaving hundreds of families homeless.On Wednesday, a fire broke out in Cambridge school but was quickly extinguished and did not cause any damage. Authorities, however, claimed that the fire was caused due to negligence of school officials.On March 5, five families were rendered homeless and Soni, a 13-year-old girl, died after a fire broke out after midnight at a slum dwelling near the DND flyway. On March 10, six persons, including a 10-year-old boy, were injured in a fire that broke out due to LPG cylinder leak in their house at Chhijarsi colony. In Ghaziabad, over 300 shanties were gutted when a massive fire broke out on March 8 in Kanawani near Indirapuram rendering over 400 families homeless.According to the fire department, this spate of fires can be partly attributed to the indifferent attitude taken by both the Noida Authority and the district administration, along with the general lack of awareness among people. \"Residents don't take fire safety seriously. There have been a number of occasions where a fire breaks out due to negligence. The fire in Cambridge School is one such example. People need to take responsibility for their own safety,\" said Abhay Bhan, fire officer, Gautam Budh Nagar.Fire officials explained that the lack of awareness and the general apathy to fire safety amongst the citizens is one of the major reasons for accidental fires breaking out.\"The government did not allocate any funds in 2011 to the fire department. Also, most of Noida doesn't strictly follow the building bylaws and fire safety regulations,\" said a fire department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268634", "title": "Rail Budget 2012: Pune residents term it disappointing", "text": "PUNE: The budget is disappointing for Pune region. It has not matched the expectations of daily commuters and industries as it has failed to address many long-pending demands. There is no mention of strengthening of Pune-Lonavla sector. The nominal fare hike proposed in the budget is good.Chandmal Parmar, chairman, MCCIA's rail, road and traffic committeeThe railway minister has presented a fairly good budget in terms of strengthening of railway services across the country. It has some good suggestions about employment generation and providing safety to daily railway traffic. An increase in fare was expected. Steps being taken towards maintaining good hygiene by introducing the green toilet concept are appreciated. Introducing a high-speed train corridor on Ahmedabad-Mumbai-Pune route is welcome.Kanubhai Trivedi, Pune Pravasi SanghApart from one train to Amravati, the railway budget has not given anything for Pune. Commuters from Pune will not be happy with the budget, if they compare it to new trains and amenities given to Mumbai region. The world class station project has remained on paper and not moved forward in the last two years. Some steps are taken up to beef up security measures at the railway station.Manik Birla, president of Rail Travellers Service Agents' AssociationThe Pune-Daund sector has remained neglected. It needs an upgradation with a new line and electrification. The budget has failed to meet the demand for starting new trains between Pune and Daund. No funds have been announced for upgradation of Pune-Daund corridor.Vikas Deshpande, Pune-Daund Pravasi SanghPune-Mumbai sector has been ignored. The monthly pass holders have been demanding an additional train which will reach Mumbai by 10 am. Commuters were also expecting an increase in Pune-Lonavla local train service. Some good decisions in the budget include installation of new toilet systems in trains and safety proposals.Hemant Tapale, Pune Mumbai Pravasi SanghNothing significant has been proposed for women commuters. It is disappointing for Pune commuters as their demands have been ignored. No new trains have been announced to destinations like Delhi and Mumbai.Manjulata Mehta of Sadadi Mahila SanghBudget 2012-13Rail Budget 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269724", "title": "High Court limits scope of Delhi govt in orphanage probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday limited the scope of a state government probe into alleged sexual abuse of children in city orphanages to just the Arya orphanages housed in Daryaganj.A bench of Justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Pratibha Rani refused to quash in entirety the city government's notification for probe into abuse of children and unnatural death of an inmate at the Arya Anathalaya.It, however, quashed the government's order to inquire into the affairs of two other orphanages located in south Delhi, Chandravati Chaudhary Smarak Trust and Chhatrawas Chandra Arya Vidya Mandir, saying there were no incidents similar to the ones which allegedly occurred at Arya Anathalaya and its sister organizations Arya Bal Griha and Arya Kanya Sadan being run from Daryaganj.All three city orphanages had moved the court challenging the government's decision to probe their affairs and had also sought summoning of the records which allegedly formed the basis of inquiry against them. \"If in the working of orphanages or children's home, an evil is suspected to exist, it must be exposed so that it is rooted out; and in the alternative, if there is no substance in the rumours and suspicion by which public is disturbed, the same needs to be dispelled,\" the bench observed, differentiating between allegations against Arya orphanages and lack of concrete allegations against the other two orphanages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268697", "title": "The Rushdie effect: Imran pulls out of Delhi Conclave", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani cricketer-turned politician Imran Khan called off his Delhi visit on Wednesday because he did not want to participate in a conference that included Salman Rushdie.In a media statement, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) said Khan \"cancelled his participation as keynote speaker in a conclave being held in New Delhi immediately on learning of Salman Rushdie's participation in the same\". Khan founded the PTI more than 15 years ago.\"Khan expressed his regrets to the organizers but stated categorically that he could not even think of participating in any programme that included Salman Rushdie who has caused immeasurable hurt to Muslims across the globe,\" the statement said.Khan, the statement claimed, received and saw the full programme of the Conclave on Tuesday evening. He took action on Wednesday morning to cancel his participation.He was to deliver the closing gala dinner keynote address, Captain Pakistan: The Ultimate Test on Saturday.Rushdie was scheduled to speak on The Liberty Verses: I am what I am and That's all I am on Friday moderated by author Aatish Taseer, son of slain Pakistan Punjab's governor Salman Taseer.Purie said in statement, \"We wish that Imran had used this opportunity to express his views at the Conclave with all the force and lucidity that he possesses. We can all agree to disagree but we must present our argument.\"Analysts said Khan's refusal to attend the Conclave could be spurred by his domestic political compulsions. His PTI, riding a popularity wave, is close to extremist outfits like the Pakistan Defence Council which is a coalition of about 30 religious groups, including banned ones.In January, Khan had slammed Rushdie at the Kolkata Book Fair for inflicting pain on society. \"First of all what is painful for a human community only the human community should decide...the issue is not what Rushdie wrote (in his novel The Satanic Verses).\"Rushdie had then reacted in a tweet , \"Thirty years ago @ImranKhanPTI was a fan at my 1982 Delhi lecture and 100% secular. Now my work \"humiliates\" his \"faith.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268776", "title": "RPF has nearly 10,000 vacancies nationwide", "text": "MUMBAI: While Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi may have announced in Wednesday's budget that escorting of services by security personnel will be extended to almost 3,500 trains, officials expressed doubts over manpower availability. The Railway Protection Force (RPF), which escorts long-distance trains, has nearly 10,000 vacancies nationwide.\"The minister announced that nearly one lakh staffers will be recruited in the current financial year. We hope it includes recruitment of RPF personnel. There are long-pending vacancies that need to be filled on a priority basis,\" a top offic- ial said.On the Central line, the sanctioned strength for the Mumbai division is 2,408. But there are 609 vacancies, of which 540 are for constables, crucial for duties at stations. On the Western line, the sanctioned strength is 1,887; there are 630 vacancies.The RPF is in-charge of protecting railway property, passengers and passenger areas. On long-distance trains, RPF escorts are equipped with walkie-talkies, arms and FIR forms to assist passengers.In Mumbai, local trains are escorted at night by the Government Railway Police (GRP), whose strength is around 3,500. Last year, to enhance security for women , the GRP stepped up night escort guards in the two ladies coaches from one constable per train to two.But the severely understaffed force has to deal with investigation of criminal cases and counter-terror operations.In fact, the Bombay High Court, while hearing a suo moto petition on women's security on trains, directed the GRP and RPF to step up manpower. On the Central line, the RPF has since hired 218 home guards to assist in patrolling and access control. The Western line has sought at least 300 home guards.Meanwhile, the minister also announced that the task of installing an integrated security system at 202 stations in the country, including CST, Dadar, Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, Thane, Kalyan and Kurla, would be completed this financial year.The tenders for the Central line will be issued next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12274291", "title": "Anna inspires youth in Chikmagalur", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Team Anna is yet to make headway on its pet project - electoral reforms to cleanse the political system. But his ideas are gaining ground, though in a small way, in a nondescript area in the dense Western Ghats.Hoardings and banners with the following message adorn the main road of Narasimharajapura, Muttinakoppa, Sringeri, Hariharapura and Koppa: \"If you sell your vote to liquor, money or sari, you are selling your honour; Only a corrupt voter elects a corrupt leader; A corrupt voter, corrupt leader and corrupt officials are the real terrorists\".When Anna was fasting in New Delhi and Mumbai demanding a strong Jan Lokpal bill, Srikanth Gowda and his friends were doing the same in Narasimharajapura in Chikmagalur district to show their support. The high-stakes bypoll to the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha constituency has pushed these educated youths in their twenties to dwell realize Anna's vision. They formed the Jana Jagruti Vedike (People's Awareness Forum).\"Anna had given a call to cleanse the political spectrum. We planned to take up awareness campaigns in our own small way. Besides speaking to people in our area on the importance of clean politics, we also put up hoardings and banners at important junctions,'' Srikanth Gowda told TOI. The forum was not an open one - only those who are not political activists or not identified with any party are allowed to be members. The path is Gandhian and name-calling or targeting specific parties or individuals is banned. It's a voluntary work and donations are not accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12273141", "title": "Zaheda gets her statement recorded in court; Saba declines", "text": "INDORE: Prime accused in the murder case of RTI activist Shehla Masood, interior designer Zaheda Parvez on Wednesday got her statement recorded under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Core (CrPC) before the Special Court Judicial Magistrate Dr Shubhra Singh on Wednesday. However, Zaheda's friend and co-accused in the case Saba Farooqui has refused to give her statement.Senior CBI counsel Hemant Shukla said that Zahida gave her statement before the court while her friend and co-accused Saba Farooqui declined to do so. \"It's up to her as to when she wants to give a statement before the court under the provisions of Crpc,\" he said adding that both of them would be kept in Indore jail under judicial custody.Section 164 of the CrPC deals with recording of confession or statement to be made before any judicial magistrate during the course of investigation into the case.Defense lawyer Nafisa Ali told the media that her client was innocent.While the court had asked Zaheeda and Zaba on Tuesday to appear before the court on Wednesday to inform about recording of their statements, the third accused, Saquib alias Danger, had sought ten days' time for the same on Tuesday to decide whether he is willing to get his statement recorded. As per the court's directives, the accused were brought to the court at around 11 am under tight security. Zaheda had spent about 90 minutes to get her statement recorded.The CBI had arrested the three for their alleged role in the killing Shehla Masood. The other accused, Irfan, was arrested by the special task force of Uttar Pradesh police in Kanpur in connection with the other case. Saquib allegedly hired Irfan on Zaheda's behalf to eliminate Shehla. Irfan reportedly told the UP police that he, Shanu Aulanga and Salim shot Shehla outside her house in the Koh-e-Fiza area in Bhopal .According to the preliminary investigations, Zaheda was allegedly jealous of the 32-year-old RTI activist's alleged proximity to BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh. Singh is also being quizzed in connection with the murder.BoxI have not done anything wrong : ZahedaPrime accused in the sensational RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, Zaheda Parvez on Wednesday denied that she has committed any crime. \"Why should I admit when I have not done anything wrong,\" retorted Bhopal-based interior designer when asked by media whether she has admitted to having committed the crime. Zaheda along with her friend Saba Farooqui were brought to the Special CBI court in Indore on Wednesday to get their statements recorded under section 164 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12271365", "title": "Accounts teacher who specializes in philanthropy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Akanksha Kocchar is sitting with bunch of students and giving them lessons on accounts. Like any other day, she is busy giving them notes and inputs on the subject. However, there is something else that distinguishes this 28-year-old from people of her age.This MCom and MA accounting graduate is walking on philanthropic lines but her humility and modesty is overwhelming, as she is hesitant to talk about it. Akanksha, affectionately called didi by her students, submissively discloses that she is teaching 50 students, some of whom are from very humble background.She has been teaching these students free of cost. \"I educate students not primarily for money but for the sole reason of imparting knowledge to them. I have some students who are needy and I don't charge them,\" she said.Akanksha, who is also pursuing company secretary course, is a Gaudiya Math (ISKON) devotee and has been going there every Tuesday for past two years and cooking for other devotees who come there.\"I have been going to the ISKON temple since my childhood, as my father was also a devotee. I have learnt a lot from him and imbibed the good values from him,\" she said.Due to the services rendered at the Gaudiya Math, she has been nicknamed, Brijbala or the daughter of the sacred land of Brij. Arpika Chawla of Agar Nagar, who is one of Akankshaa's many students, said, \"She is a very kind teacher and apart from the subject, she also imparts spiritual and religious knowledge.\"Her students say Akanksha has immense knowledge about gods and demigods and also explains the significance of family values to them. She tells her students to regularly visit their respective place of worship and pray.Satwinder Gill from Rajguru Nagar, a BCom student, said, \"There are some students who did not believe in God but after the good values 'didi' instilled in us, they started praying,\" he shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ cuttack", "code": "12274674", "title": "Naveen, Pyari polls apart on Athagarh?", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ CUTTACK: If speculations in the state's political circle are to be believed, all is not well between Naveen Patnaik and his trusted lieutenant Pyarimohan Mohapatra. The BJD president's campaigning in the Athagarh bypoll alongside party leaders like Damodar Rout, Kalindi Behera and Bhatruhari Mahatab has fuelled conjectures about possible differences between the two BJD stalwarts.On Tuesday, Naveen undertook a whirlwind tour of Athagarh to boost BJD nominee Ranendra Pratap Swain's chances in the forthcoming bypoll. Swain, a four-time MLA and ex-minister, is pitted against Suresh Mohapatra of the Congress and Bikram Das of the BJP, among others.The March 18 bypoll, necessitated by the Supreme Court verdict holding Ramesh Rout's election as MLA in 2009 null and void, has gained importance vis-a-vis a possible intra-BJD rivalry at work.A powerful section of the BJD has reportedly opposed Swain's candidature for the bypoll. The same group allegedly played a part in Swain not being able to contest the 2009 elections, too, with the election officer rejecting his nomination papers on grounds that the BJD ticket he submitted was not original.Naveen on February 20 took many by surprise by announcing Swain's name as the candidate, though elections were about a month away. This triggered discussions in political circles that the BJD boss had not taken into confidence his trusted aides such as Pyari, and chose Swain on his own.Meanwhile, Naveen's busy trip to Athagarh coincided with zilla parishad presidents' elections in the state, for which he finalized the party nominees the day before. More importantly, Naveen campaigned for Swain a day after Pyari, a Rajya Sabha member who is considered Naveen's key advisor, told media there were no differences between Naveen and him and blamed some BJD insiders, who he alleged were acting in connivance with opposition leaders for attempting to create a non-existent dispute between the two.Pyari's remark apart, what has raised eyebrows in the political circle here was Naveen's attempt at a show of unity by letting Rout, Behera and Mahatab share the dais with him in Athagarh. None of these leaders enjoy the best of terms with Pyari. On Tuesday, even A U Singhdeo, who resigned as excise minister on February 9 in the wake of the toxic alcohol tragedy, campaigned for Swain. Besides, Cuttack-Barabati MLA Debashis Samantary, who is said to have strained ties with Rout, and minister Debi Mishra, not known for sharing the best of relationship with Swain, canvassed for votes alongside Naveen. Pyari, who was very active during the Umerkote bypoll in November and is credited for BJD's successive electoral successes, is yet to visit Athagarh. Party sources said he is unlikely to campaign for Swain at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269555", "title": "Rail Budget: Was Dinesh Trivedi\u2019s defiance of Mamata seen as a pre-emptive move?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as railway minister Dinesh Trivedi said that he acted in \"national interest\" and was ready to face the sack for his courage of convictions, many in Trinamool Congress and political circles are viewing his aggressive advocacy for reforms as a pre-emptive strike.Many felt that Trivedi had drifted apart from his political patron and faced the real risk of being dropped from the Cabinet at Mamata Banerjee's instance even if he had not defied her veto on passenger fare hike.Trivedi, who surprised many when he was selected by Banerjee to be Trinamool's representative in Rajya Sabha, appeared to have steadily lost his party chief 's confidence. In fact, he got the charge of railways not because of Banerjee but because of Congress's insistence that the crucial infrastructure ministry not be handed over to an \"inexperienced\" Mukul Roy, the Trinamool chief's original choice for the portfolio who is tipped to replace Trivedi.Although the elevation secured for Trivedi, then a minister of state for health, a berth in the Cabinet, membership of the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs and a room on the ground floor of Parliament, this also served to strengthen Banerjee's suspicions about her former confidant's growing proximity to Congress.Banerjee's reappraisal of the railway minister, prompted allegedly by Trivedi's pitch for concessions to Congress during the seat-sharing talks before assembly polls, found expression in the growing profile of K D Singh. Although Singh, a successful entrepreneur from Punjab, was elected as an Independent to Rajya Sabha from Jharkhand, he soon became close to Banerjee, with the latter entrusting him with assignments which she would earlier trust only Trivedi with.Singh' s designation, in-charge of Trinamool's affairs in West Bengal, did not full reflect his close involvement in Banerjee's successful Bengal campaign.By now, the degree of Banerjee's distrust had grown so intense that she would not be impressed even by his espousal of Trinamool's positions in the Cabinet and the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs. On certain issues, like on allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, Trivedi even had to bear the brunt of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's famous temper.Banerjee remained unconvinced and must have felt vindicated when the railway minister, who entered Rajya Sabha as a Janata Dal member, started dropping not-so-subtle hints about his inclination to act bold in drafting the budget. This was followed by his \"country-comes-first\" assertions which, however laudable, were seen as demonstrating an intent to go unilateral.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270760", "title": "Sec 17 multi-level parking will be fully automatic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The upcoming Sector 17 multi-level parking lot will be equipped with state-of-the-art facilities.As per plan, electronic machines will be installed at its three basement lots as well as on the surface. After a commuter puts in the fee, the electronic barricades will open for a vehicle to pass. The machines will also keep a tab on a vehicle's parking time, so that, when required, fee can be charged hour-wise. Fee counters will be at each underground and surface floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268827", "title": "HC to hear PIL on VC search panel today", "text": "PUNE: The fate of the public interest litigation (PIL) challenging the composition of the search committee for appointment of a new vice-chancellor (VC) at the University of Pune (UoP), is likely to be decided by the Bombay high court on Thursday.At the last hearing on March 7, the high court division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More had ordered that the matter be listed on top priority for hearing on March 15.This, after the counsel for the University Grants Commission (UGC), R A Rodrigues, had sought an adjournment.On January 9, the three-member search panel, under former Punjab and Haryana HC chief justice Mukul Mudgal, had conducted interviews of the candidates shortlisted from the 150-odd applications received for the key post.The final five names have since been forwarded to the state governor and chancellor, but the latter has to take a call on the same following the outcome of the PIL in the HC.The VC's office at the UoP fell vacant in September last year following the then occupant, R K Shevgaonkar's appointment as director of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Delhi.Senior IAS officer Sanjay Chahande is since holding additional charge as the officiating VC. Suresh Patilkhede, who filed the PIL, has challenged the appointment of the search committee on the grounds that the panel has been constituted under provisions of Section 12 of the Maharashtra Universities (MU) Act and not under regulation 7.3.0 of the UGC Regulations of 2010 relating to appointment of teachers and other academic staff.While the UGC regulations provide for a nominee of the UGC on the search panel, the same constituted by the state government under the MU Act has no representation for the UGC. In fact, the MU Act has reduced the number of members on the VC's search panel from five to three.Apart from Mudgal, the Bangalore-based Institute of Social and Economic Change director R S Deshpande and secretary to state department for higher and technical education Sanjay Kumar are the other members of the search panel. The court had on February 14 directed the UGC to make its stand clear on whether it has any objection or reservation regarding the composition of the search committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12270271", "title": "Rail budget promises smooth Metro services for Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: If Mamata Banerjee's pre-poll Railway Budget was a bonanza of promises for Kolkata, Dinesh Trivedi's budget is pragmatic.In his budget speech, Trivedi expressed his satisfaction over the progress of extension of Metro routes from Dum Dum to Baranagar, from Noapara to Barasat via Bimanbandar (Airport), Baranagar to Barrackpore and Dakshineswar, Airport to New Garia via Rajarhat and Joka to BBD Bag via Majerhat. \"Once the entire Metro network is complete, 5 million commuters can avail of the services daily. Now only five lakh commuters avail it,\" said a Metro railway official. Trivedi also added 50 more services to the existing 270 services of Garia-Dum Dum Metro.A year earlier, Mamata Banerjee dared to dream. She proposed Metro services be extended by 65km so that even a Kalyani resident can reach the heart of the city in an hour. She said the residents of Diamond Harbour would also be able to avail of the facility.As part of Metro extension from Joka to Tollygunge, Trivedi proposed the commissioning of first leg of the extension from Joka-IIM to Diamond Park. He said the survey report for extension of Metro railway from Barrackpore to Kalyani was being finalized and work will be taken up in due course. Besides, extension of circular railway from Remount Road to Santoshpur via Garden Reach, Metiabruz has also been taken up.However, as far as metropolitan rail transit system is concerned, Trivedi's budget vision is confined to the eastern bank of the Hooghly. His budget speech had no mention of Metro expansion on the western part of the river. \"Mamata Banerjee, in her previous budget, wanted to extend the Metro to Howrah and Hooghly . The East-West Metro will link Kolkata with Howrah. If it is extended from Howrah to Serampore, the service will span across the Kolkata metropolitan area. It will not take more than 40 minutes to reach BBD Bag from Serampore,\" said former chief traffic and transportation engineer B K Sadhu.As far as the suburban railway system is concerned, there was a proposal for the fourth terminal station at Majerhat after Howrah, Sealdah and Chitpore (Kolkata) in Mamata's budget. However, in this budget, there was no mention about developing Majerhat as a terminal station.\"While in Mamata's budget the Metro transit proposals sounded ambitious, in Trivedi's budget, the proposals seemed feasible. If Delhi Metro Railway Corporation can run trains up to Noida and Gurgaon and plan to extend up to Faridabad, we can of course connect Kalyani. It will ease the pressure on suburban trains,\" said a former Railway Board official.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12270207", "title": "Woman who ran vehicle over sleeping worker identified", "text": "BANGALORE: City traffic police identified the woman who ran over a worker sleeping on a footpath in Banaswadi, early on Monday, as P Manjula, 37, daughter of Prasannachari, a resident of Babusabpalya. She is originally from Ittigegud in Mysore. Her sister and mother stay in Mysore city.She was earlier identified as Mahi, by the owner of the SUV Raghavendra Patil and Ravi, who was travelling in the vehicle.\"She has been residing in Babusabpalya for the past 10 years. We are hopeful of tracing her soon. We have already dispatched a team to Mysore to find her sister, who works there,\" said a senior police officer. Police have also traced her address in Babusabpalya. \"It is difficult for her to escape. She has to return to the city some day,\" police said.Manjula was driving a white Toyota Fortuner when she lost control over the vehicle and ran over some masons, killing R Nagaraj, 24, a native of Raichur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270329", "title": "Adventure sports fest begins tomorrow", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will inaugurate the three-day first Youth Adventure Sports Festival at the Bihar Veterinary College ground here on Friday.Renowned mountaineer Santosh Yadav, who had scaled the Mount Everest twice, will herself monitor the events of parasailing, rock climbing and rappelling to be held at the college ground and Moinul Haq Stadium, organizing secretary Arjit Shashwat said on Wednesday. Two artificial rocks would be created at the stadium.Besides parasailing and rock climbing, an exhibition of adventure photographs taken by the participants, would also be organized during the festival.The winners in all three events would get a first prize of Rs 5,100 each. A relay cycle run would be held on March 18, the last day of the festival being jointly organized by the art, culture and youth affairs department, Bihar government, the Bihar Adventure Sports Academy and the Navjeevan Kalyan Samiti, in association with the Everest Foundation, to promote adventure sports in Bihar, Shashwat added. The winner of the relay cycle run would get Rs 11,000.Organizing committee vice-presidents Anand Dwivedi and Subodh Mishra said that an air show by a two-seater flexible wing-powered paraglider would be the star attraction at the inaugural function. Dwivedi said that students above 14 years could participate in the events, which would be like an initiation programme into adventure sports. Rs 50 would be the registration fee, but students of government schools would not be charged any fee, he added.More than 800 students have already been registered and the number of participants was likely to cross 2,000, Mishra said. The participants would be given a certificate of 'Adventure &amp; Leadership,' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270274", "title": "Last mile MRTS link likely to redefine train travel in city", "text": "CHENNAI: After several years of delays and no signs of progress on the Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) between Velachery and St Thomas Mount, Union minister for railways Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday announced that the crucial link would be completed by 2013.The completion of MRTS is crucial for Chennai as once connected it will be integrated into the grid of suburban rail and metro rail, thereby allowing uninterrupted movement of commuters across different rail lines in the city. The MRTS is currently operating from Chennai Beach till Velachery. Though the stretch from Velachery till Adambakkam was completed, work on the last portion of less than half a kilometre to St Thomas Mount has been stalled since 2008 due to land acquisition problems.\"Only one stretch in Adambakkam is under dispute and it will get over soon. About 15% of paperwork is left to be done,\" said Sudarshan, district revenue officer, Kancheepuram. St Thomas Mount will become a transit point for commuters from northern parts of the city to Tambaram and beyond through the existing suburban rail system.The link will also make access to metro rail easier. Chennai metro rail between St Thomas Mount and Koyambedu will be completed by 2013. By 2015, it will be extended up to Chennai Central through Anna Nagar, Aminijikarai and Vepery. \"Most of the land acquisition process is over. We will be able to complete the work on MRTS soon,\" said chief public relations officer V J Accamma.However, people who are on the verge of losing their land to the mega project are an anxious lot. G Vasanthi, a resident of Thillai Ganga Nagar 35th Street, spelled out her fear of losing her home to the ambitious project. \"Until a couple of years ago, officials kept coming to our house and marking the point up to which land would be acquired for the project. Every time they used to come, it was a nightmare. The last time the officials came, it was three years ago and I haven't heard from them since,\" Vasanthi said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012\u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12275331", "title": "VMC looks to CEPT for GIS, MIS mapping of slums", "text": "VADODARA: Working towards a slum-free city, the Vadodara Municipal Corporation has proposed to hand over the task of preparing Geographic Information System (GIS) and a Management Information System (MIS) based basic data for the slums in the city to CEPT University. The city is amongst the 26 cities in the country selected for implementation of the Rajiv Avas Yojna (RAY) and the data will be used as a guideline for working on the project.A proposal forwarded to the VMC standing committee regarding appointment of an agency to conduct the GIS and MIS mapping of the slums in the city states that it was necessary to appoint a consultant for preparing the basic data and software as well as hardware with a report. The VMC has zeroed down upon CEPT University as the agency that would conduct the work in the city.As a part of RAY, the civic body has already conducted a socio-economic survey of a majority of slums in the city, the proposal states. The data collected through this survey will also be included in the report to be prepared for RAY with GIS and MIS.The proposal states that it was necessary to have a systematic plan in place to ensure that the city reaped the benefits of RAY and became slum free. The preparation of the GIS and MIS data is a part of the phase one of the RAY.CEPT will be doing a total station survey for 397 slums in the VMC limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271507", "title": "Tribals threaten hunger strike against illegal mining", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tribals and dalits led by social activist Vijay Vinit have threatened to start hunger strike from March 16, 2012, if illegal mining operating is not stopped in Sonbhadra district. They have also demanded that all the officials, mafia, politicians, journalists who have been named in the recent mining accident should also be arrested.Twelve labourers had died and scores injured in the mining accident on February 27. Till now only three persons out of 16 named in the FIR have been arrested. No action has been taken on any of the erring officials of the district administration, mining department, forest department and journalists who are said to be hand in glove with illegal mining activity in this area since more than a decade.Hundreds of tribals and dalits in the district had recently taken out a protest march demanding CBI enquiry into illegal mining. Many social organisations have also joined Vinit. They have informed the district administration about their decision to start hunger strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270410", "title": "Bihar gains little in railway budget", "text": "PATNA: Unlike past six to seven years, Bihar has got lesser number of new trains, seven to be precise, and virtually no major rail projects in the railway budget presented by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi. In 2010, Bihar had got 10 new trains, while in 2009 it got 12 new trains. Bihar had got seven new trains in 2011 during former railway minister Mamata Banerjee' tenure.The new trains given to Bihar are mostly weekly or bi-weekly, which would not cater to the needs of passengers much. These trains are Chhapra-Maduadih Intercity daily, Secunderabad-Darbhanga Express (bi-weekly), Howrah-Raxaul passenger (bi-weekly), Patna-Bilaspur Express (weekly), Kolkata-Jayanagar Express (weekly), Chhapra-Lucknow Express (triweekly) and Darbhanga-Ajmer Express (weekly).The run of seven passenger trains has been extended in the proposed budget. Maduadih-Bapudham-Motihari has been extended up to Muzaffarpur, Patna-Dehri-on-Sone up to Bhabhua Road, Valsad-Sonepur up to Muzaffarpur, Surat-Varanasi up to Chhapra, Patna-Mathura up to Kota, and Kolkata-Darbhanga up to Sitamarhi. A new passenger train between Gorakhpur and Siwan has also been announced in the rail budget.Several pairs of new trains would pass through Bihar, which include Kamakhya-Lokmanya Tilak, Howrah- New Jalpaiguri, Dibrugarh-Kolkata and Anand Vihar (Delhi)-Haldia. Doubling of tracks, gauge conversion and electrification projects also figure in the rail budget. The budget also announced survey work for track doubling, including Muzaffarpur-Motihari, Narkatiaganj-Gorakhpur, Darbhanga-Samastipur and Chhapra-Balia-Mao-Azamgarh routes.Besides, the budget has proposed survey work for the electrification of Bhagalpur-Mandar Hill route. However, the budget did not propose electrification of the Bakhtiarpur-Rajgir section under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR), an important section as railways intends to run coal-laden goods trains from Tilaiya to fulfil the needs of Barh super thermal power station in future.The railway minister has proposed to develop 84 'Adarsh stations'. Of them, about 13 stations fall under ECR. These stations include Begusarai, Forbesganj, Gorahsarai, Janakpur Road, Ziradei, Jogbani, Kharik, Lal Gopalpur, Nawada, Simraha, Supaul, Thakurganj and Warsaliganj.However, the rail budget remained silent on fund allocation to various ongoing railway projects in Bihar. It also remained silent on the demand for a third line between Ara and Fatuha on the mainline section of Danapur division to cope with huge traffic rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269509", "title": "Rail Budget: Dinesh Trivedi may end up as first rail minister to go after presenting budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: This is the first time in Indian parliamentary history that the railway minister's own party has planned to go to any length to force a rollback in hike of passenger fares, barely moments after he announced it while presenting the annual railway budget. This is also the first time that the railway minister may have to quit his office soon after presenting his budget.It did not take more than 10 minutes for Trinamool Congress boss and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who was in Nandigram, to react sharply to railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's decision on Wednesday afternoon.What she communicated to him through Trinamool parliamentary party leader Sudip Bandopadhyay was a short, clear message, \"Roll back the fare hike or resign.\"Trinamool plans to force the issue and is ready to use any device. \"We will use whatever is permissible under parliamentary procedures,\" Trinamool MP Derek O'Brien, who had tweeted to call the hike \"unacceptable\", said.The railway minister may have chosen to resign or be sacked, for he refused to withdraw the hike and announced it at a press conference that followed soon after Banerjee's communication to him. \"I am firm on my decision,\" Trivedi said when asked about the rollback order from his party chief. He was summoned to Kolkata by Banerjee on Wednesday evening. The party is likely to replace Trivedi but rollback of the hike, after the budget has been placed in Lok Sabha, will have to be worked out between Banerjee and the government now.Banerjee accused Trivedi of raising fares without consulting her. \"The hike was not discussed with the party... it is a burden on the poor... we (TMC) do not support it... the party wants the hike to be withdrawn,\" Bandopadhyay told reporters after being briefed by Banerjee.Interestingly, hinting that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was in league with Trivedi on the railway budget, Bandopadhyay said, \"This railway budget may be appreciated by the Union finance ministry, but the Union finance ministry has not played the role of strengthening the financial health of Bengal.\" Bandopadhyay was also alienating Trivedi from Bengal, by saying this.Before he started work on the rail budget, Trivedi met Banerjee a couple of months ago in Kolkata. He discussed the hikes and the three ways in which he wanted to do it. He shared with her his idea of hiking upper class fares, about rounding off ticket prices and decontrolling fares in tandem with the rise and fall of diesel prices. Banerjee rejected all the ideas and was firm that there should be no raise in passenger fares. Back at Rail Bhawan, Trivedi was in a fix over whether to follow the party diktat or do what was required as the railway minister. He decided to act as a railway minister more than a party man. Trivedi perhaps knew right then that he would have to pay for this by resigning from his post.On Wednesday, even while Trivedi was hosting lunch for railway officials in his Parliament House chamber, Trinamool MPs trooped in looking very grim. Soon, Bandopadhyay came out of the room and was seen speaking to Banerjee on the mobile phone. He was being briefed to tell the media about the party leadership's reaction. Once the call was over, Bandopadhyay looked even more serious.Just as Trivedi left for his press conference, Bandopadhyay headed out to another media corner. While Bandopadhyay was announcing that \"TMC does not support the passenger fare hike announced by the railway minister and that he had not consulted the party and the party now demands that he withdraw the decision to hike fares\", Trivedi was replying to questions about the rollback saying, \"I stand firm on my decision.\"Addressing a public meeting in Nandigram, Banerjee said, \"You all know that there has been an increase in railway fare. We were not aware of this. Our parliamentary party has taken it up. We will not accept this, we won't let it happen.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12279899", "title": "The gangrapes of Gurgaon", "text": "The incident - a young woman travelling from suburban Gurgaon to Delhi via taxi with her brother after work, dragged out of the car by seven men, abducted, gang-raped - is disturbing enough. But what lies under is worse. This episode is one in a long line now, highlighting urgencies that are making India writhe - with no pleasure, only pain.The incident shines a harsh light upon the jagged, uneven quality of our growth. It exposes an ongoing crisis of masculinity. And it suggests an interlocking of ties between administrative forces and criminal elements, alongside a larger collapse of governance. Unless we understand these urgencies, we will not be able to make India safer for its women - and its men.The site of the latest crime and similar preceding incidents, Gurgaon, is deeply instructive. Simultaneous factors are clashing there, waves of development with ripples of resentment. Private developers pushed a land market to emerge, farms - once hosting crops waving in the district's dusty winds or turban-topped shepherds visiting seasonally from Rajasthan - bought up at high rates, housing estates with swimming pools and commercial plazas with pubs popping up from the 1990s onwards.While one part of Gurgaon thus got sewn into a global economy of software companies, financial organisations and technical groups - the district's cluster of malls, multinationals and BPOs nicknamed India's 'Millennium City' - another part remained cloistered in rural hamlets, awash suddenly in big money, with no deeper education or wider sensitisation about what caused its arrival. The money existed uncomfortably alongside highly conservative social attitudes - expressing themselves, as historian Nonica Dutta describes, in veiling women and providing khap justice to infringers.Two Gurgaons thus grew. One was a new Millennium City of dazzling buildings, artisanal bakeries, discos, designers and stylish desires - and against it, an older millennium existence where farmers-turned-rentiers leased shacks to migrants, started cab companies or, lying back lulled by Haryana's gene-rous alcohol supply, did nothing. Except get angry.The fury came from a new feeling of inferiority, backed but not assuaged by weapons and other stimulants. This resentment was directed towards those seen as audacious interlopers, arriving on what was once their land, working at what Slavoj Zizek calls 'immaterial' labour - the vague and apparently meaningless production of ideas and services. It might seem airy-fairy to them, but such work is more welcome in a globalising India than commanding guns, cabs and shacks. It is angry incomprehension at this situation which causes men to feel less than that - and desperate to assert the opposite. Such fury often directs itself into a manhood that can be yelled out collectively - hence, the gang-rape, the ultimate weapon of pack sexuality, frenziedly asserting dominance on someone it believes weaker than itself.For the rest of India, aspiring to land acquisition and development along the glittering Gurgaon model, such tension bet-ween those touched by uneven growth is instructive. For this violence to not spread , it's vital that further reforms and more commercialisation in India walk a balanced and equitable line. This will involve education, social awareness and the gainful employment of the once-landed at enterprises surrounding them, rather than hanging about such employment's fringes.In Gurgaon's case, such crime takes on added bitterness consi-dering the links local villages have with the police force. Once, Punjab and Haryana villages famously supplied the army with generations of heroes. Today, the same supply is channelled towards the police - but entry is often obtained through a cycle of bribery, forcing callousness and corruption onto new recruits too.Here, it is at best the police's indulgent eye turned upon their own - or worse, their active collusion with them - that lets current criminals off, emboldening future ones. But considering the intimacies police everywhere - from Maharashtra to Madhya Pradesh - seem to be forming with criminals quarrying mines, trafficking women or pushing drugs, such links are dangerous to all, and must be broken.Dark though this situation is, it's possible for it to be saved. Gurgaon could lead the way, with its police asserting themselves vigorously against the criminally minded. Already, announcements have been made of more intensive policing with greater numbers of policewomen. In addition, more pickets, patrols and posts will help, as will distress lines that actually work with forces that swoop down on felons with the full might of the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271232", "title": "BJP chief whip sends notice to ECI over RS voter list", "text": "JAIPUR: The indirect election for the state's three Rajya Sabha seats falling vacant next month has taken an interesting turn.Opposition BJP's chief whip Rajendra Rathore has sent a legal notice to the Election Commission (EC) to seek 'correction' in the voter list, arguing that the assembly membership of the six BSP legislators, who later merged with the ruling Congress party, was still to be settled.In the notice sent through his counsel Hemant Nahta, Rathore has challenged the assembly secretariat's decision to show the six legislators as Congress members in the voter list.\"The issue of the six BSP legislators' defection to Congress is yet to be settled,\" said advocate Nahta. \"The speaker last month dismissed some petitions on the ground of maintainability only and categorically defined in his judgment that he was not going into the merits of the legal dispute if these legislators' defection was as per law or not,\" the advocate told TOI.BSP's all six legislators in the state assembly-Rajendra Singh Ghuda, Rajkumar Sharma, Giriraj Singh Malinga, Ramesh Meena, Murari Lal Meena and Ramkesh Meena-announced their \"merger\" with the ruling Congress on April 4, 2009. Soon petitions were filed before the speaker to demand cancellation of their assembly membership under the anti-defection law.Even as the petitions of BSP state president Bhagwan Singh Baba and former legislator Jaswant Singh Gujjar were dismissed by speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat, two more petitions by former BJP legislator Virendra Meena are still pending and scheduled to be heard on April 2. Elections for the Rajya Sabha seats are scheduled on March 30, while the three seats from Rajasthan shall fall vacant on April 4.The BJP chief whip has demanded from the ECI that since the 'defection matter' is yet to be decided, the six legislators be put in the voter list as BSP members and not as Congress members. If the demand is accepted, the BSP legislators would not be able to vote for the Congress candidates in the Rajya Sabha elections since this is held under the open ballot system.\"As per Section 39-AA of the Conduct of Election Rules, 1961, and Constitution's Schedule X related to the Rajya Sabha polls, every legislator has to show his vote to the party representative before casting it. The vote of anyone who does not follow this becomes invalid,\" said Nahta.As two Congress legislators-Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh-are unlikely to vote in this election as they are lodged in jail on kidnap and murder charges, the removal of six more legislators from the Congress list would tilt election on one more seat in BJP's favour, said experts. The Congress strength would come down from 102 to 94, while the BJP would have 78 members in 200-seat state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274047", "title": "Musical delight", "text": "This was not just any other summer evening. It was an evening where friends bonded over some great food and divine music.For some it was a time to romance their better half but for most, it was another girls' night out! Tanya , Tisha, Punitha and Neha can certainly vouch for that. The ladies turned up the summer sizzle in some funky outfits and fab accessories. Black and white seemed to be a recurring theme for many right from tops to dresses. And what were the most happening accessories? Dazzling earrings and petit clutches of course. As the spirits flowed and the music got louder, the young and the restless in the city seemed to be saying - bring it on, we'll rock this city!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12271284", "title": "Evening walk along Chimbai beach, anyone?", "text": "It used to be an idyllic strip of coast from St Andrew's Church right up to Jogger's Park in Bandra (West). Now it languishes in a decrepit state, strewn with rubble and overrun by encroachers. This is Chimbai beach, which outlines the eponymous fishing village.In 2008, local fishermen, along with Bandra residents, decided that enough was enough and that the beach must be restored to its former glory. A plan to turn this wish into a reality was conceived by architect P K Das - and nine months ago, it got the BMC's approval.The beautification plan goes beyond reclaiming the stretch. The entire length would be lined with walkways and a promenade, to be shaded by coconut groves and other plantations. \"Chimbai is a part of our masterplan for waterfront development and follows our earlier projects at Carter Road, Bandra Bandstand and Juhu beach,\" said Das. \"The endeavour is to integrate the beach plan and put it into the network of public spaces in Mumbai to safeguard it, as it's now open to encroachments . There will be spaces (a jetty and ramps) for fishermen to dock and repair their boats. There will be other spaces to carry out their cultural and community activities,\" said Das. It would be integrated with Bandstand and Carter Road.The plan also features open spaces and an amphitheatre for cultural and social programmes like at Carter Road and Bandstand. Extra toppings include a children's park, a playground and a few gardens as well. An edge wall has been envisioned to prevent its defacement and keep it off-limits from encroachers .\"We have also planned for weekend bazaars where the local fishing community could serve the visitors fish cooked in their traditional style. So, on weekends one could walk in and buy fried fish, fish curry or fish tandoor and enjoy a typical traditional fish meal,\" said Das.But the reality is different today. The builder lobby has not spared these sandy shores and 15 buildings have come up on it. For the last seven years, the developers have been eyeing Chimbai , and constructing one-storey bungalows right on the beach.\"They violate the CRZ norms. We have been fighting against rampant illegal construction for three years. The BMC and the collector just pass the buck,\" said Arden Uttankar, a local Chimbaikar. The idea of restoring the beach will begin to take shape only if the rubble-clearing process succeeds.\"The schedule of the tide is hampering the cleanliness drive. The BMC contractors piled up garbage on one end of the beach; it was a failure. We also learnt that the BMC didn't have enough garbage trucks. It's even worse now. The harbour division was supposed construct a tsunami wall, to set up a certain boundary to break the force of the tide. Nothing came of that plan. Encroachment has increased and they first have to do a survey on the number of structures that have come up in the CRZ area,\" said Warren Falcon, whose father was a fisherman.Falcon remembers the time when the beach was never short of fresh fish and crabs.\"There was ankle-deep sand on the beach for kids. Elderly people would sit there and play cards.\" Today, the rocks that they walked on during their childhood are covered with construction debris . \"It was a beautiful sandy beach, and my son would go fishing on Sundays. We want the beach to come back to Bandra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268651", "title": "Arabian Sea Shivaji statue project shelved", "text": "MUMBAI: Three years ago the state approved plans for setting up a 309-foot tall Shivaji statue in the Arabian Sea off Marine Drive. But the project has now been shelved on technical grounds. According to officials, the plan had to be dropped as the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) was opposed to the idea of reclamation. The state government is now exploring the option of constructing a statue of the warrior king astride a horse on a rock near Worli Fort.While the original site (1 km from the shore) is in the highly restrictive coastal regulation zone-I (CRZ-I), officials say the new site is in CRZ-II. \"The new reclamation is not proposed to be a part of the revised project,\" an official said.A team led by Jayant Patil, guardian minister of Mumbai (island city), chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and senior civic officials conducted a joint visit to the new site a fortnight ago and found it suitable for the project.A senior state government official said there were slum encroachments at the Worli site but these would be removed. Confirming that the Arabian Sea reclamation plan had been shelved, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar informed mediapersons about a plan to conduct an aerial review by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and himself of the new site; he refused to identify the specific point. The NCP, to which Pawar belongs, had supported the reclamation idea aggressively.A senior official said the statue could be installed on a rock. While granting approvals for the Arabian Sea project, the government had okayed designs submitted by a consortium of Thailand-based architects Bensley Design Studios and city-based Team One Architects. The designs, approved following a global tender, included construction of a multi-utility complex including water sports facilities and a revolving restaurant. It is unclear whether the design will be considered for the new site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270522", "title": "Road mishaps claim two", "text": "NAGPUR: A man in his thirties lost his life when he crashed his rashly-driven bike into a stationary car's left door. Manish Dhote was trying to overtake the car from the wrong side on Maharajbagh road on Tuesday late night.Dhote, a native of Baitul, was heading to his rented room in Sitabuldi when he tried to overtake a car. The car owner Tanmay Das stated that he had stopped his car on the left side of the road. Just as his co-passenger opened the left door, Dhote rammed it. The impact threw Dhote off his vehicle and he sustained severe head injuries. Das rushed Dhote to a nearby private hospital but he died after a few hours of treatment. Sitabuldi police has registered a case against Dhote.In another incident, a private travel bus crushed a cyclist Rajendra Baniya (40) on Amravati Road on Wednesday morning. Baniya, a daily wager, was crossing the road on his bicycle when the bus hit him, killing him on the spot. Wadi police have arrested the bus driver Joginder Singh Sandhu.Engineer arrestedRana Pratap Nagar police arrested an engineer Yogesh Gupta (33) for allegedly assaulting an architect Dheeraj Bhongade on February 29. Bhongade was alone at his rented room at Dhangarpura when a group of youths slit his wrist and assaulted him. Police have registered a case of attempt to murder. Gupta, who hails from Delhi and stays near his workplace at Bhandara, was involved in the gang who attacked Bhongade. Police said though Bhongade had identified Gupta as one among the attackers, he claimed that he personally didn't know Gupta. Cops suspect a love interest behind the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chhapar chiri (mohali)", "code": "12270026", "title": "Leaders cause anti-Congress rumblings at Chhapar Chiri", "text": "CHHAPAR CHIRI (Mohali): The swearing-in of Parkash Singh Badal as Punjab chief minister was not just a historic occasion, with Badal coming back to power bucking anti-incumbency for the first time in the state's electoral history, but of immense political importance with rumblings of a strong attempt to unseat the ruling UPA government following the convergence of a number of Congress baiters - from both UPA and NDA - at the venue.The scene is now set to shift to Lucknow on Thursday, with most of these leaders, including Parkash Singh Badal, set to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav as the Uttar Pradesh chief minister.The rumblings grew louder when Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee sent a heavyweight Union minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy and minister in her Cabinet Rachpal Singh to the swearing-in while a junior MP Ratna Nag attended the dinner hosted by PM Manmohan Singh on Tuesday.Also, much was being read into the presence of NCP leaders Praful Patel and Supriya Sule at the ceremony. The ceremony also had some top voices against NCTC, including Gujarat CM Narendra Modi.Also present were BJD leader Jay Panda, representing Orissa CM Naveen Patnaik, and Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa's emissary AIADMK MP Thambi Durai.Parkash Singh Badal and his son and deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, however, refused to comment on any move to play host to the formation of a third front, with Badal senior saying that the leaders present at the function had \"personal relations.\" \"Parkash Singh Badal has been in politics for a long time and he has developed relationships over the years and they have all come as personal guests,\" said Sukhbir Badal.But long-time family friend and political neighbour Om Prakash Chautala, president of Indian National Lok Dal, made an interesting revelation by saying that the \"third front is very much on the cards\", and that the \"political leaders would be again meeting at Lucknow on Thursday\".\"Let's wait for Thursday, don't be in a hurry. We are meeting at Lucknow,\" he told TOI when asked about the possibility of a third front emerging in the coming days. \"Nobody is happy with UPA, which is clear from the emergence of regional parties,\" Chautala said adding that a \"third front was the only option available.\"Badal Senior refused to react to a query on the NDA's role in such a scenario. \"What can I say about it (third front) when we haven't held a meeting on the issue,\" he said, adding that \"UPA and Congress had gone very weak and its allies were also disillusioned.\"But, the fact that about 50 political leaders - UPA allies and NDA partners along with L K Advani -- were all huddled in an enclosure at the site for almost an hour over lunch, has sparked speculations that Lucknow on Thursday, maybe the next step in the journey that has started off from Punjab on Wednesday.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269950", "title": "Gurgaon roads yet to be carpeted", "text": "GURGAON: Several months after pipelines were laid for stormwater drains, the roads are still waiting to be carpeted by the civic bodies concerned. The depleted roads are increasing the inconvenience for the commuters as well as residents of the adjoining areas.A brief spell of rain on Monday night has again raised the concerns of the residents over the incomplete works. According to them, the situation will only worsen in the coming monsoon season.The roadsides are in a dug-up state for several months now and have been reduced to virtually half of the actual width resulting in traffic chaos across the city.Some of these roads include Khandsa road, old railway road, new railway road and Sector 4-5, among others.Similar is the situation on the road from Rajiv Chowk to Sohna Chowk where pipelines ruptured near the roadsides some time ago. They are still lying unattended. As a result, commuters have been reporting traffic snarls at peak hours.According to the residents, the road was dug up almost three months ago for laying the pipelines and even after completion of the work they have still not carpeted it.The stormwater drain is being laid by the MCG and will be connected to the Basai road drain. Illegal vendors and kiosks have only added to the traffic chaos in the area.There have been instances on Khandsa road where vehicles have broken down because of the poor condition of the road.Residents allege that they have been promised several times by the department for redressal of their problems but so far nothing has happened.Even the councillors of these wards have been receiving complaints on a daily basis. Sunita Kataria, councillor of Ward 14, said, \"The maximum part of the stormwater drain on new railway road is in my ward and the situation is so bad that the drains have not even been covered yet.\"Mangat Ram Bagri, councillor of Ward 10, added, \"The service lanes are also blocked because of the heavy traffic during the peak hours. HUDA has promised to finish the work as soon as possible after the tendering of works for the widening and strengthening of the road.\" According to officials, the work for stormwater drains in the MCG area is going on in phases and will be completed in the coming weeks.\"There are many roads whose estimates have been sanctioned in the house meeting and are awaiting clearance from Chandigarh,\" said an MCG official. Another official claimed that the contract has been given to the contractor who has been directed to remove the excess mud for free passage of vehicles in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269722", "title": "Summer arrives in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Summer has arrived in Goa and temperatures during the day have begun rising, but night temperatures continue to be low due to the northerly influence in the wind pattern, meteorological department director K V Singh said.March 13, 2012 officially opened the summer season for the coastal state. \"On Tuesday, the day time temperature rose to 35.6 degrees Celsius in Goa,\" Singh said.He added, \"The temperature, however, came down on Wednesday to 34.3 degrees Celsius. The fluctuation in day temperatures is because of the change in pattern of winds from north-westerly, which leads to a rise in temperature, to north-easterly, that causes temperatures to drop.\"Singh said that though the month of March has marked the advent of summer in Goa, night temperatures continue to be low.\"There is a northerly influence in the winds this year. This is leading to cooler nights. Last year, the nights were comparatively warmer in March. Nights are also set to get warmer as the temperature is rising slowly from 20 degrees Celsius during the last few days to 22 degrees Celsius on Wednesday,\" Singh said.Night temperatures have been found to be below normal for March in some parts of Konkan and Goa, which includes Mumbai, central Maharashtra and Vidarbha.Goa experienced some chills this winter with the mercury dropping to 17.1 degrees Celsius on January 10, 2012. The chill seemed to have extended this year to the summer nights too.Chilly weather adversely affects cashew fruit production, which is a major produce in Goa and requires warm day temperatures. Rising temperatures spell good news for cashew production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "12275518", "title": "Three including mother-duo die and six injured in lightning", "text": "SHRAVASTI: Three persons including a mother-daughter duo died and nine were seriously injured after the lightning struck in the area. Two cattle were also killed in the incident. All the injured have been admitted to Sirsia Community Health Center (CHC). The police have sent the dead bodies for postmortem.The police told that Reeta (35) and his daughter Susheela (10) and Kusumwati (10) were working in the field along with other members of their family, meanwhile the rain stared and all of them went to a temple located in the garden, the lightning fell on the temple all three of them died on the spot while Anshika, Pushpa, Budhai, Sukha Devi, Daleep Jagdai and Jagrana who were standing on the other side of the temple sustained serious injuries.Two cattle were also killed in the incident. On the tip off the police reached the spot, sent the dead bodies for postmortem and admitted the injured at Sirsia CHC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273499", "title": "Abhishek gifts Beti B an Audi A8", "text": "No ordinary beti, this... Ever since she arrived on November 16 last year, she has been hitting the headlines for reasons ranging from simply being born into Bollywood's first (and most famous) family to widespread speculation around what would be her name.We had even suggested the Bachchans name her Abhilasha but as it turns out, Beti B has finally got a name - Aaradhya, which is Sanskrit for 'one who is worth worshipping - nearly four months after being born. Reportedly, the privileged baby's star parents Abhishek and Aishwarya registered the name just a couple of days ago. However in true Bachchan tradition, the world is waiting for an official announcement on that one...That aside, Mirror has now found out that doting papa Abhi has gone right ahead and booked an Audi A8 for his baby girl. While he could have booked just about any series, he was keen on A since that is the alphabet with which his daughter's name begins. And, the cool wheels have cost him a cool Rs 1.50 crore. We are sure the car is just the beginning of greater things for little AaradhyaMeanwhile...Looks like B-town is on a car gifting spree, be it a present from father to daughter or producer to actor. Mirror has learnt that Karan Johar, fresh from the success of his recent hit Agneepath has gifted a Ferrari to Hrithik Roshan, who essayed the fiery Dinanath Chauhan in the film. We hear Roshan loves fast cars and Ferrari was the only one missing in his collection...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271263", "title": "Two autos are first in city to instal e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: After a two-week long wait, the RTO on Wednesday finally affixed its seal on the first-ever electronic meter for an autorickshaw in Maharashtra.Two brand new autos arrived at Wadala RTO at 12 noon and got the e-meters installed, tested and sealed in the presence of senior officials.The initiative to get the two autos fixed with e-meters was taken by Hemant Jain, who had launched a Dial-an-Auto service in Vikhroli last year. \"My intention is to get e-meters installed in more autos in the coming weeks,\" he said.Vinod Nagothanekar, who owns the auto in which the first e-meter was installed, said, \"We know there will be opposition from other drivers and unions. But we are installing the electronic gadgets in the larger interest of society . I am sure passengers will be happy to sit in my auto.\" Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande said e-meters were \"tamper evident\" . \"If a driver has rigged the meter, the device will flash the inflated distance on screen and you can catch him on-the-spot for tampering,\" he stated.The seals are tamper-proof . If the seal is broken, it will be difficult to replace it and the tampering can be caught easily, RTO officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12270901", "title": "22 law students arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police arrested 22 students of Government Law College for staging a protest against the government's order on establishing private law colleges in the state, without prior permission, on Tuesday afternoon.\"The government should take back their orders as it would otherwise affect law education in the state,\" said Anand Kumar, a final year law student.He added that the move to allow private law colleges would affect the government law colleges where many students primarily from the lower economical group study. Focus should be on improving the standards of seven government law colleges which lack infrastructure.Meanwhile the police arrested the students for not taking prior permission for conducting the protest. However they were later released after a warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270628", "title": "A day to go, 30 Tamil Nadu firms yet to pay advance tax", "text": "CHENNAI: With just one day left to pay taxes, around 30 companies in the state on Wednesday still owed the income tax department Rs 80 crore. Efforts are on to collect the unpaid tax, said G C Jain, chief commissioner of income tax.\"Net direct tax collection for the fiscal 2011-2012, has gone up by 15% over last year,\" Jain said. \"The net collection after refunds as of March 13 amounted to Rs 27,657 crore, of which corporate tax accounted for Rs 17,437 crore, and income tax, Rs 10,220 crore.\"Addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, Jain said though companies had deducted tax at source they only paid part of the money to the department. One of the companies that is yet to pay up is a Government of India undertaking. Jain said the due date for payment of the last instalment of advance tax is March 15, for all categories of assesses including salaried, business and corporates. By that date, assesses are required to pay 100% of tax due on income for financial 2011-2012.Assessees who fail to pay the advance tax or make short payments are liable to pay interest under the income tax laws. Tax paid on or after March 15 but before March 31 will also be treated as advance tax paid. However, payments after March 15 will attract penal interest. Jain said the total amount of refunds issued during the current financial year is `4,532 crore, 78% more than for the corresponding period during the previous financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268995", "title": "Rail Budget 2012: After a decade, all tickets to cost more", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday did what none of his predecessors had done for almost a decade - he hiked passenger fares across the board, following up on the increase in freight charges announced immediately after the recent round of assembly elections.While biting the bullet in hiking fares, he chose to couch the increase as ranging from a mere two paise per km for second class tickets to a maximum of 30 paise per km for AC first class tickets.What he didn't spell out was that this worked out to hikes of 35% or more in some cases. Suburban tickets for a distance of 25km, for instance, would be up from the current Rs 7 to Rs 10, a 42% jump.Trivedi added that railway fares would in future have a \"fuel adjustment component\", which would rise and fall in line with diesel prices, thereby ushering in dynamic pricing of tickets.There was a certain irony to all his purple prose, liberally punctuated with poetic interludes: Trivedi spent a good part of his two-hour speech - one of the longest in recent memory - making grandiose promises of how he would transform the face of the railways over the next five years. Within five minutes of finishing, questions were being raised whether he would last out the day.Given that 95 paise in every rupee the railways earned in the current year are estimated to have been used up in routine expenses (an operating ratio of 95%), the hike was perhaps inevitable, even if that's not how Trivedi's party sees it.Taking the hikes and some optimistic revenue projections based on them into account, Trivedi has predicted that in the coming year the railways would be able to spare 15 paise from every rupee earned for investing in the future by reducing the operating ratio to 85%.Fare hikes apart, Trivedi promised to get the Railways into \"mission mode\" to implement the recommendations of two committees that have recently submitted their reports on modernising the railways and on enhancing safety. He also announced the setting up over half a dozen new bodies - a mix of authorities/corporations and councils to handle everything from station development to design to high-speed corridors.The new passenger amenities being promised include 321 escalators in various stations, AC executive lounges, coin and currency-operated ticket vending machines and a choice of menus that would be ensured through global tendering for catering services, introduction of regional cuisines and a \"book a meal\" scheme.While \"frankly and honestly\" admitting that 487 projects already sanctioned over the years could not be completed in a time-bound manner for lack of funds, the minister merrily added his own long list of new projects to be taken up in the current year. He also announced 75 new express trains, 21 passenger trains, extension of 39 existing trains and increase in the frequency of 23 others.Mumbai could get another elevated corridor linking CST to Kalyan in addition to the Churchgate-Virar link earlier proposed. The budget speech also suggested that improvements in tracks, signalling and trains could see trains running at 160 kmph cutting down travelling time by 20-25%.The Railway Board itself would be restructured, the minister said, to include two new members, one to look after safety and another to deal with marketing and public-private partnerships (PPP); new mission directors would be appointed to take care of specific areas and report directly to the board.The inclusion of a member specifically to deal with marketing and PPP comes as no surprise given the scale of investments that the minister has projected for the next five years, which mark the 12th Plan period, and the fact that the railways' internal resource generation cannot hope to fund that.Thus, a 12th Plan investment target of Rs 7.35 lakh crore is to be funded mainly by support from the general budget of Rs 2.5 lakh crore and extra-budgetary resources (largely borrowings) of Rs 2.2 lakh crore against internal resources of about Rs 2 lakh crore. Similarly, only Rs 18,050 crore of the annual Plan outlay of Rs 60,100 crore for 2012-13 is to come from internal resources.Rail Budget 2012Budget News 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12276344", "title": "Mamata Banerjee: No one is above party discipline", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , who has demanded that Prime Minister replace railway minister Dinesh Trivedi with her trusted lieutenant Mukul Roy, has said no one was above party discipline.\"No one is above party discipline. Dinesh Trivedi did not consult me or Mukul Roy (the party all-India general secretary),\" party insiders quoted Banerjee telling the Trinamool Congress legislature party meeting on Thursday ahead of the budget session of the West Bengal legislative assembly.\"Increase in rail fares (will ) lead to increase in the people's burden,\" she said explaining her stand on opposing increase in railway fares across the board in the budget.Trinamool Congress legislators endorsed the party chief's stand and criticised Trivedi.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 201 2\u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268757", "title": "Ticket-checker, commuter get into scuffle on train", "text": "MUMBAI: A Central Railway ticket-checker was manhandled by a commuter inside a CST-bound local at Dadar on Tuesday morning. After the GRP nabbed the commuter, Girish Nagda, he lodged a non-cognizable complaint against the ticket-checker, Sakarmani Ramlingam, for damaging his shirt.The incident took place during the morning peak hours on platform 6 of Dadar station. \"Nagda, a businessman, was standing on the footboard of a packed general compartment. He did not want to alight. But as most commuters behind him wanted to get off at Dadar, Nagda decided to get off, stand outside near the door and get back in,\" a GRP official said.Ramlingam spotted Nagda and asked to see his ticket. \"Nagda had strayed away from the coach door, so Ramlingam assumed that Dadar was the termination point of his journey. Nagda told Ramlingam that he was in a hurry to get back inside. But Ramlingam grabbed his collar and got dragged into the train,\" the GRP official said.Inside the local, Nagda allegedly roughed up Ramlingam, hurled abuses at him and snatched his bag. At CST, Nagda and Ramlingam decided to approach the GRP to lodge complaints against each other. The CST GRP directed them to the Dadar GRP. Ramlingam registered an FIR against Nagda for \"obstructing a government servant from doing his duty.\" Nagda has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269534", "title": "Scuffle turns ugly, injures 2", "text": "NASHIK: A fight over a petty issue was reported near Gangapur waterfalls, in which two people have been injured.The complaint was registered by Santosh Sapkale at Gangapur police station.The complainant said that he was clicking photographs of his brother Rajesh, when the accused Kunal Khatale and a few others objected to the same.While Santosh continued to click his pictures, the altercation started turning serious when the accused assaulted the complainant with hockey-sticks and swords.Sandeep Khairnar, who tried to intervene was also attacked. Sapkale alleged that his motorcycle was also damaged in the ensuing fight. The police have registered a case of illegal assembly against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270868", "title": "Ahmedabad to get its third RTO soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city shall soon have its third regional transport office (RTO) in Bavla. This office will be exclusively for those staying in suburbs of Ahmedabad. As part of decentralization of the RTO, the government decided to have the third RTO.RTO officials said Bavla sub-regional office will focus on rural areas in Ahmedabad. The Ahmedabad RTO caters to 1.4 crore people and was probably the biggest RTO in Asia. Once decentralized, the main RTO within the city will cover about 50 lakh vehicle owners, the Vastral office will handle around 20 lakh owners and the Bavla office will handle 60 lakh vehicle owners, the officer said. On an average, the Ahmedabad RTO registers about 2,000 new vehicles and issues over 1,500 licenses in a single day. About 10,000 people visit the Ahmedabad RTO daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276901", "title": "MP still wants eves to ride sans helmets", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 68,500 two-wheeler riders were issued challans for not wearing helmets while driving in the state capital in 2011. However, all of those who coughed up the fine were men - for some strange reason, the Madhya Pradesh Motor Vehicle Rules 1994 still exempt women from wearing helmets.Not that nobody ever thought of correcting this. But the state government continues to sit on a proposal sent by the police headquarters (PHQ) to amend the 1994 law, some five years after it was mooted.Most of the drives to enforce helmet-wearing had petered out in the past on account of exemption to women riders, a senior traffic cop said.\"The traffic police cannot fine any woman riding a two-wheeler without helmet as they have been exempted. We have clear orders not to stop women driving without helmet,\" says DSP M S Chhari .A drive in Bhopal and Indore which began at the start of 2011 had fizzled out due to the same reason. A senior IPS officer at the police headquarters (PHQ) said, \"The question of making women wear helmets was challenged in the court soon after the drive was launched. The petitioner argued that the Madhya Pradesh Motor Vehicle Rules 1994 and Motor Vehicle Act 1988's Section 129 says mandatory helmet-wearing shall not apply to any woman, or a child not above the age of 12 years.\"Five years ago, the police had sent a proposal to the state government requesting to amend the rule to help rope in women under it, but the government is yet to do anything of the kind.The question of making women wear helmets was challenged in the court. The petitioner argued that the MP Motor Vehicle Rules 1994 and Motor Vehicle Act 1988's Section 129 says mandatory helmet-wearing shall not apply to any woman, or a child not above the age of 12 years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268436", "title": "Ex-Trai chairman quizzed in 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former telecom minister A Raja's counsel on Wednesday cross-examined ex-Trai chairman Nripendra Mishra, who was called as a prosecution witness in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case.Mishra, who deposed before special CBI judge O P Saini, said Unified Access Services Licence (UASL) guidelines were issued by DoT on December 14, 2005, when Dayanidhi Maran was the minister of communication and information technology.He, however, failed to recollect whether Maran was telecom minister in October 2006 in UPA-1 when he was asked about a letter written by the then telecom secretary D S Mathur to him as the chairman of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai).\"I have been shown a letter dated October 19, 2006, written by Mathur and addressed to me in the capacity of chairman, Trai. In this letter, he conveyed to me that section 11 of the Trai Act applies to a new category of licence. I am unable to recall at this point of time if Dayanidhi Maran was minister of communication and information technology at the time when this letter was written,\" Misra said.Maran was telecom minister from May 26, 2004 to May 13, 2007. His party colleague A Raja, who succeeded him, resigned on November 14, 2010 and was arrested by CBI on February 2, 2011, and has been in jail since then.During the cross-examination by Raja's counsel, Misra said he had received another letter on July 2, 2008 from ex-telecom secretary Sidharth Behura, facing trial in the 2G case, where it was conveyed to him that the \"Department of Telecom (DoT) had been seeking recommendations of Trai whenever a new category of licence was to be issued\".Misra said Trai and DoT had some difference of opinion about section 11 of the Trai Act.\"Trai understood section 11 of Trai Act in its own way and DoT understood it in its own way. I cannot say if the view of DoT was based on legal advice sought by it. I am not aware if this difference of opinion about section 11 of Trai Act between DoT and Trai is still sub-judice.\"In this letter (of July 2, 2008), DoT has written that it has sought legal advice as advised by Trai. I cannot confirm or deny if the matter is still pending consideration in court,\" Misra, whose recording of statement will continue on Thursday, said.He said when DoT differs with the recommendations of Trai, second reference to the regulatory body is \"mandatory\". He said that during his tenure as telecom secretary, 17 licences were issued and Trai recommendations of 2003 were available for grant of licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271213", "title": "Railway Budget: 20 new trains fall on Rajasthan's kitty", "text": "JAIPUR: Unveiling his first budget on Wednesday, Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi announced 20 new trains for Rajasthan, apart from nine route extensions and increase in the frequency of three trains.A frequent visitor to Salasar and Khatu Shyamji, the minister has also proposed survey for new rail lines between Neem Ka Thana - Sujangarh via Sikar and the holy town of Salasar. He has also announced survey for a new line between Didwana-Ringas via Khatu Shyamji. Earlier, during his visits to Jaipur and other parts of the state, he had stated that 'yeh budget gulaabi hoga'.Trivedi has also announced three new trains for Coimbatore, Secunderabad and Hyderabad from Rajasthan and a new train connecting pilgrim town of Ajmer and Santragachi in West Bengal.However, due to increase in passenger fare, the journey to important destinations will be costlier. \"As per estimates, the fare to Delhi from Jaipur in general class will be Rs 90 as against the current Rs 77. For chair car, the fare would increase to Rs 570 from Rs 535,\" said a railway official.GM, NWR, RC Agarwal, talking to reporters, said: \"It is the best budget which will help us in increasing our profitability. As per our requests, the rail minister has also sanctioned Rs 307 crore for construction of railway over bridges and railway under bridges. Mind you, this amount is four times more than what we got in 2011-12.\"Altogether, 16 new surveys for laying of tracks have been proposed. \"Out of these 16, eight including Ajmer-Kota, Ajmer Sawai Madhopur, Badi Saradri-Nimach, Churu-Nohar, Jaisalmer- Sanu, Puskhar-Medta and Thiyat Hamira-Saunu would be sent to the Planning Commission for its approval,\" said Lalit Bohra, chief PRO, NWR.Important gauge conversions including Ratangarh-Sardarsahar, Hanumangarh-Sriganganagar and Sikar-Loharu are likely to be completed in 2012-13.The announcements show that Trivedi has given nod to the proposals given by Union minister of state for communication and IT, Sachin Pilot, as a total of five new trains and two new trains passing through Ajmer has been approved.On being asked about the status of three trains which were announced by former minister Mamata Banerjee, general manager, RC Agarwal said the trains are likely to be started. These trains included Ajmer-Nizamuddin duranto, Jaipur-Agra Shatabdi and Jaipur Delhi double decker non-stop.New Trains1. Coimbatore-Bikaner AC Express (weekly) via Roha, Vasai road, Ahmedabad, Jodhpur2. Ahmedabad-Ajmer intercity Express (Daily)3. Ajmer-Haridwar Express (tri-weekly) via Delhi4. Bikaner-Puri Express (weekly) via Jaipur, Kota, Katni Murwara, Jharsuguda, Sambalpur5. Forozpur-Sriganganagar Express (daily) via Fazilka, Abohar6. Jaipur-Secundrabad Express (weekly) Nagda, Bhopal, Narher, Amravati, Akola7. Okha-Jaipur Express (Weekly) via Palanpur, Ajmer8. Valsad-Jodhpur Express (Weekly) Palanpur, Marwar9. Bandra (T)-Delhi Sarai Rohila Express (weekly) via Palanpur, Phulera10. Bikaner-Bandra (T) Express (Weekly)via Jodhpur, Marwarm, Ahmedabad11. Ahmedabad-Gorakhpur Express (weekly) via Palanpur, Jaipur, Mathura, Farrukhabad, Kanpur12. Kota-Hanumangarh Express (Daily) via Jaipur, Degana, Bikaner13. Darbhanga-Ajmer Express (Weekly)via Raxaul, Sitapur, Bareilly, Kasganj, Mathura14. Hyderabad-Ajmer Express (weekly) via Manmad, Itarasi, Ratlam15. Santragachi-Ajmer Express (weekly) Kharagpur, Chandil, Barkakana, Katni, KotaNew Passenger trains1. Sriganganagar-Suratgarh Passenger (Ddaily)2. Ajmer-Pushkar Passenger (5 days)3. Kota-Jhalawar City Passenger (Daily)4. Jodhpur-Bilara Passenger (daily)5. Phulera-Rewari Passenger (Daily)Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12274565", "title": "Review closing HEC gate, HC tells govt", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court, on Wednesday, directed chief secretary S K Choudhary to see if a public interest litigation (PIL) claiming commuters are facing problems for the HEC gates remaining closed during the budget session of the assembly are valid, and if found correct, initiate action.The Centre for Media and Development had filed a PIL before the court on Monday, demanding opening of the HEC gate which remains closed during the assembly session, causing problems for over 50,000 commuters everyday. Trustee of an NGO, Vishnu Rajgharia, said in his petition that the government should not close any public road that causes inconvenience to common people and sought courts intervention in getting it opened.Counsel of the petitioner, Anup Agarwal, said that the division bench of the high court, consisting of Chief Justice Prakash Tantia and Aparesh Kumar asked the chief secretary to initiate action if the matter filed before the court is true. The court also suggested to the petitioner and his counsel that they should hand over a representation to the government, seeking their action.\"On the first day of the budget session, that began on March 5, I saw students crossing the railway track through the gaps between two bogies of a stationary train, risking their lives because they were getting late for examination,\" Rajgharia said, adding hundreds of commuters have to tread additional 20 kms to reach Birsa Chowk when the HEC gates remain closed.Agarwal said acting on the direction of the court, they are preparing to file a representation before the government within a couple of days. \"It now depends on the chief secretary whether he wants to take any action so that the gate is kept open during the ongoing session. Otherwise we would prepare to file another petition by the next session of the assembly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12275508", "title": "Case against two women doctors", "text": "BAHRAICH: A case has been registered against two women doctors of District Women Hospital for negligence of duty. This was ordered by the court. The city Kotwali police are investigating the case.Reportedly Akeel Ahmad resident of Nakhua village stated in his application submitted at the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) Bahraich court that in June 8 2008, he went to the district women hospital for the treatment of his pregnant wife with labour pain but Dr Anju Srivastava who was present on duty did not admit his wife. He stated that his wife kept crying for the whole night in the hospital verandah.Sushma Singh somehow examined his wife on the second day and demanded Rs 10,000 for operation but he was unable to arrange the money and his wife was not put on treatment. On June 11, a dead kid was born to his wife. Akeel said that the negligence of both the doctors killed his new born baby. A letter was also written to the departmental officer in this case but no action was taken against the culprits and the victim knocked the court for the justice. The court then ordered the kotwali police to register the case against the lady doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12271569", "title": "Burglary attempt at cop's house", "text": "MYSORE: Some miscreants have attempted to burgle the house of a police constable attached to Karnataka State Reserve Police here at Banimantap Layout on Tuesday night.Jagdish and his family members had been to his relative's place in the same residential area when the incident took place. Miscreants who gained entry into the house, by breaking the door, raided the house. However, they did not touch Rs 5,000 cash and a few silver and gold ornaments kept in the cupboard, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12274351", "title": "84.8% urbanites in state have phones: Census", "text": "BANGALORE: Power and water may be a rarity in urban Karnataka. But 84.8 % of urbanites in the state have telephone connections while it is 84.1% and 80.4% respectively in neighbouring states of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.When it comes to mobile phones, Andhra Pradesh (66.7%) and Tamil Nadu (67.3%) have higher percentage of people using \"mobiles only\" while Karnataka has 64.8%.Interestingly, though Kerala has the least \"mobiles only\" households (47.4%), it has the highest number of telephone connections among the southern states (91.4%). Progressive Kerala has not gone the mobile way. It has the highest percentage of 11.4 \"landlines only\" households among the southern states followed by Karnataka with 7.8%. The urban areas in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu have 5.6% and 6.5% households respectively using just the landline.What's interesting is that urbanites in the southern states do not prefer having both mobile and landline connections. Kerala has 32.6% households which has both, while Karnataka has just 12.2% clearly indicating that mobile is the way forward.Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu too have very low percentage of houses with both the connections -- 8.1% and 10.3% households respectively.\"We may be heading to an era where landlines may become a scarcity. That's what the census has indicated. When television came in, one could see even huts having antennas. The same logic holds good for the poor in this country today who would rather have a mobile phone ,\" pointed out R S Deshpande, director, ISEC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269603", "title": "Budget has lost sight of social objectives: Lalu Prasad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former railway minister Lalu Prasad on Tuesday described Dinesh Trivedi's budget as \"disappointing\", saying he expected better of a man whose party had \"maa, maati, manush\" as its plank.\"I am distressed by his proposal to hike railway fares. He may claim that this is a modest increase, but it will mean a steep burden for commuters. Even those who travel ordinary class from Patna to Delhi will have to shell out Rs 24 more. Why do you inconvenience them when they are already so troubled?\" he argued.Lalu Prasad said while suburban commuters in places like Mumbai and Mamata Banerjee's Kolkata would have to pay more at a time when the cost of living had increased, he was worried about a bigger issue.\"I think the budget has lost sight of social objectives, which have been part of the railways' charter since Independence. It is a shift towards heeding the advice of the Planning Commission and corporate leaders who want the railways to turn into a commercial entity, disregarding the fact it has a larger role to perform. I also got similar advice from Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, but I stood my ground,\" he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12270792", "title": "Controversial doctor arrested, released", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Wadgaon Road police on Tuesday registered a case against Dr Sanjeev Joshi on a complaint lodged on February 16 by Namdeo Ade (45) resident of Bothbodan under Ladkhed police. Joshi has been in controversy as was blamed on Tuesday by a couple after their infant daughter lost her vision. However, Joshi was arrested in a different case.Assistant inspector (API) KM Pawar said that grand daughter of Namdeo Ade was admitted at Joshi's private hospital. However Sunil Ade, father of the patient, shifted her daughter to Dr Veerendra Rathod's hospital after having an altercation with Joshi's watchman.On February 16, 5-6 persons barged into Rathod's hospital and thrashed him. The goons were allegedly sent by Joshi to take revenge under the impression that Rathod was luring away Joshi's patient.When Sunil Ade went to Rathod's hospital, he too was beaten up. Later a complaint was lodged in the Wadgaon Road police station against Joshi and others.Meanwhile Vithal Vishvanath Bhende (29) of village Ajni in Ner Tehsil on February 16 lodged a complaint against Veerendra Rathod and seven others alleging that they barged into Joshi's hospital and beat the watchman and others.Accordingly, Wadgaon Road police registered a criminal offence under sections 143,147,149, 427, 506 read with 135 of IPC against Dr. Veerendra Rathod and others and arrested them on February 22 last. The police have then produced the accused Yadhav Rathod, Bhaurao Ade, Namdeo Gulabrao Ade (who has lodged a complaint against Dr. Joshi and others on Feb 16), Arvind Prahalad Rathod, all residents of village Bothboden and Prahalad Nathu Chavan, a resident of village Tiwsa before the court and the court granted them bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271122", "title": "Amity pro VC claims stabbed victim died of internal bleeding", "text": "JAIPUR: Tension and anger marked the day at the Amity University campus at the Jaipur-Delhi highway with students blaming the university authorities for the death of a student and delay in providing medical help to the victim.\"Had they provided proper medical attention on time, the life of our child could have been saved,\" said Anil Kumar , a close relative of the victim. Allegations were made against the university that it took an hour for the injured to the reach the hospital, which is only one km away from the main gate of university.BTech student of the university, Prashant Veer, was stabbed to death at 9 pm on Tuesday inside the campus hardly a few metres away from the main gate guarded by three security guards.Main accused Puneet Dalal along with six other accomplices were hiding in the bushes some meters away from the main gate waiting for the victim to enter the campus. Veer saw them in attacking mode and rushed towards the main gate but failed to escape. He was stabbed by a dragger. The accused ran towards the hostel leaving the injured Veer at the mercy of the guards. His two friends who dropped him at the main gate saw him screamed for help but they were not allowed by the guards to come inside as they do not have proper identity cards.The supervisor and the two guards instead of rushing him towards the hospital called the university officials. By the time his friends forcibly entered the gate, 15 minutes had passed.\"Still the guards didn't allow us to take him to a nearby hospital till the officials' permission. Ironically, the university ambulance was stationed at the gate but the driver was nowhere to be found. However, we decided to rush him to the medical room of the university on foot which was around 800 meters away from the main gate,\" an eyewitness said.By the time, they reached medical room they had lost another 15 minutes as the victim was bleeding profusely. The blood stains were seen throughout the road. To their surprise, no doctor was present on the campus and compounder had finally referred the victim to National Institute of Medical Science (NIMS) which is one km away from this campus.Contrary to the eyewitness' reports and circumstantial evidence, Amity University's pro vice-chancellor B N Kaul claimed that the stabbing incident left victim only with minor injuries. \"The main cause of death is due to internal bleeding,\" Kaul said.\"The claim doesn't stand as main cause of the death is due to excessive loss of blood,\" a doctor said.Kaul also failed to answer on how it took so long for the university officials to provide medical help to the victim.The victim profusely bled for 55 minutes before the administration woke-up from sleep and decided to rush him to hospital. Even then, it has not filed any FIR against the accused but an FIR has been filed against students who were involved in damaging property that followed the stabbing incident.During the day, the students held a dharna outside the main gate and later in the evening at Statue Circle.Timeline8.50pm: Prashant was dropped at the university main gate by his friends9.00pm: He was stabbed by Dalal a few meters away from the main gate9.15pm: The victim was rushed to the medical room by his two friends on foot9.40pm: They reached the medical room and found that no doctor was present10.00pm: They reached NIMS hospital where he was declared death", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12270905", "title": "Prostitution racket busted, one arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police busted a prostitution racket by arresting a person and rescuing two women, on Tuesday evening.Based on information they had, police arrested the accused Pasupathy Ramasamy (36) of Pandian Nagar in Dindigul, in front of the Caramel Garden School at Ramanathapuram. Police rescued S Priya (25) of Dharapuram in Tirupur and Rooba B (22), from Kolkatta and sent them to a rescue home.Police said they had traced the culprit's information from a sim card they found with a person arrested in another case. The number received several calls. On investigation, police found that a prostitution racket was operating in Dindigul, supplying women to clients in Coimbatore.Police brought the accused from Dindigul to Coimbatore, posing as customers. They agreed to meet at Sungam. Police spotted the trio in a car and arrested the culprit. They filed a case for immoral trafficking under section 4(2)(c) and 8(b).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12273169", "title": "Rail Budget row: Will consider Dinesh Trivedi's replacement if situation arises, says PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is keeping the Trinamool Congress guessing.According to Times Now, the PM has said that the government will consider a replacement for Dinesh Trivedi if the situation arises, when asked about Mamata's request to him.The PM said, \"If anything like this develops, we will consider it.\"Earlier, senior Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee clarified in Lok Sabha that railway minister Dinesh Trivedi had not resigned.He confirmed that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had received a communication from the Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee and her request was under active consideration of the PM.Pranab Mukherjee denied that the PM had receieved any letter of resignation from the railway minister.He said when the government takes any action on the issue, the House will be informed.\"Neither Prime Minister Manmohan Singh nor Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee has asked me to resign so far,\" Trivedi told reporters.\"The moment my leader asks me to step down, I will do so,\" he said.Trivedi, a Lok Sabha member from Trinamool Congress, also noted that he would defend the railway budget that he presented on Wednesday.\"I have presented the railway budget and it is my duty to defend it,\" he said.Meanwhile, TMC leader Sudip Bandhopadhyay said on the floor of the House that the party had not asked Dinesh Trivedi to resign.He said, Trivedi issue is a matter to be settled between Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.However, outside Parliament, the TMC leader sang a different tune and said that Dinesh Trivedi would be replaced by Mukul Roy.Earlier, the row over status of Dinesh Trivedi rocked both the Houses, with BJP leader Arun Jaitley calling it a theatre of the absurd.Leading the charge in the Lok Sabha, Leader of Opposition Sushma Swaraj said the government should clarify the status of railway minister and the Railway Budget.This even as the Trinamool Congress MPs have staged a sit-in outside Parliament demanding rollback of increase in rail fares and a special package for West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12275301", "title": "We are open to India for study, investment: UK envoy", "text": "VADODARA: British deputy high commissioner for western India, Peter Beckingham said on Wednesday that over 100 new entrepreneurs have invested in United Kingdom (UK) over last two years. Beckingham was in the city to interact with entrepreneurs and attract investment for his country. He said that UK has been encouraging investment from India and has not kept visa rules stringent for investors.Beckingham also went on to add that Gujarat is an exceptionally prosperous state and one of the best in the country. He met officials of Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI) and Vadodara Chamber of Commerce and Industries (VCCI) on Wednesday evening. \"We are open to Indians who want to study, invest or travel in the country as tourists. We are not restricting entry for such people. In fact, many Indian companies have been investing in UK. Indians have been one of the biggest investors in UK,\" Beckingham said.He went on to add that the number of Indian students studying in UK has gone up. When asked about the fake universities that have been duping students in UK, Beckingham said that he his government has been cracking down on such universities and it already has kept a list of recognised universities on its website. Stating that there were many similarities between UK and India, Beckingham said that both the countries have been striving to bring peace in their region.He added that UK is looking for investments specifically in areas of advanced engineering, energy sector, automotive sector and oil and gas sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270954", "title": "No provision against lion shows", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest officials said they were in the know of illegal lion shows and were waiting for an opportunity to strike. However, despite catching the offenders red handed in Ghariyar village in Amreli, the act provided them legal protection. The wildlife protection act does not have any provision against lion shows outside the sanctuary.Officials said that when they raided the ongoing lion show, the offenders challenged them stating that the premises was the private field which was not in their jurisdiction. They also brazenly sought compensation for the ox killed by the lion during the show. The foresters' investigation had found that the slain ox had been used as a bait.\"When we inquired about the Maharastra and Rajkot passing car, the villagers showed us the tourists who had allegedly gathered for the lion show and stated they were their guests. It was a tell-tale evidence, yet we couldn't do anything as there is no provision against such shows in the wildlife protection act,\" said a forester.Scrutiny of the data revealed that around 40% of the compensations awarded were for weak or old cattle. \"Recently the department had decided to computerize the data and after the records were checked, the department found that around Rs 60 lakh were paid annually for the compensation of the cattle killed by the lions in the revenue area,\" he said.The department came to know that most of the weak and old cattle killed by the lions had been offered to the big cats as baits for illegal shows. The officials kept a close watch in the areas known for large number of ox killings. And on Saturday night, the foresters got the chance to raid a live lion show. Officials said that such shows were rampant on weekend and national holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271206", "title": "High court calls MSCB scam fit for probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday remarked that the alleged scam-to the tune of Rs 700 crore-at the Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank (MSCB), which was controlled by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar before an administrator was appointed , was \"a fit case for FIR\" .The board of directors of the bank was dissolved last year amid allegations of financial wrongdoing. An HC division bench of judges V M Kanade and P D Kode was hearing a petition filed by Shankar Bhosale from Koregaon , seeking registration of an FIR for arbitrary disbursement of loans by the bank. As per the petition, Pawar controlled the bank's board of directors for over a decade.\"It is a fit case where FIR should be registered,\" the court observed. Pawar and fellow NCP leader Manikrao Patil and his wife Prabhavati are among the respondents named in the petition.Bhosale's lawyer, Rajendra Desai, told the court that the fraud committed by those controlling the bank was \"exactly like the 2G scam\" . \"MPs and MLAs are involved . A case has been made out against five sugar co-operatives , but many more are involved,\" Desai said. He said loans were advanced by the bank to members of the board of directors and of the loan committee, for their own sugar factories and spinning mills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269608", "title": "Externed NCP man Kande held in city", "text": "NASHIK: Controversial politician and NCP activist Suhas Kande, whose proximity to district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal has always been criticized by the opposition, was arrested in Nashik city on Wednesday evening, on the eve of mayoral polls. Kande's arrest comes a day after police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal denied that Kande was in the city.Kande was externed from the Nashik city limits on March 3 along with three others. He was arrested while trying to enter the city from Mumbai by the Ambad police, according to DCP (zone-II) D S Swami. He will be produced in court on Thursday.Kande's name had figured in the case of bikes being set on fire in the Cidco area in 2009. He was with the MNS, then. Later, Kande was inducted into the NCP fold by Bhujbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268914", "title": "No clue in Kothrud murder case", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police are still clueless about the murder of 62-year-old Shobha Selarka, who was assaulted to death at her residence on late Tuesday evening.The post-mortem report revealed that Selarka had received 25 blows on her face, neck and head. \"We suspect that the motive was clearly to murder Selarka,\" said senior police inspector Chandrakant Ghodke.Selarka was found murdered at her rented flat in Sarita society in Kothrud on Tuesday around 7.45 pm. The police found gold ornaments worth Rs 1.04 lakh stolen from her house. tnnThe incident came into light after Selarka's daughter-in-law Shweta returned to the house and found her dead.There were more gold ornaments in the box, however, suspects picked up just a few of them. \"Moreover the suspect did not touch ornaments on the body of Selarka. This clearly indicates that the suspect had entered Selarka's house to kill her,\" a senior police official said.\"We are suspecting that someone, who was known to Selarka involved in her murder,\" the official said.The police have fanned nine teams to investigating the case. \"We have started questioning the criminals on police records, who were arrested in similar type of cases,\" said deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12271330", "title": "Sports championship from April 6", "text": "LUDHIANA: Nirmal Facility Group would organize an eight-day open athletic, table tennis and badminton championship in April. It would be a district-level competition for players from different age groups. These competitions would be organized at Sports Complex, Sector 38, Chandigarh Road.The chief co-ordinator of Nirmal Facility Group, Amit Kapoor, said the tournament would be commence on April 6 and registration would close of April 2. He added that they would invite schools, colleges and other educational institutes for the participating in the competition. \"We will provide free coaching to players who perform well,\" Kapoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12270885", "title": "Woman files complaint against kin", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 50-year-old woman has filed a land-grab complaint against her brother and seven others, including two accomplices of lottery king S Martin, on Tuesday.In her complaint filed with the Thudiyalur police, V K Annapoorni, a resident of Vadak Thottam near Samathavapuram, said that her brother Shanmugham had sold one acre of their ancestral property without her consent. He had sold the property to Murugananadam and Susai Manikam, both working in a company owned by lottery King S Martin.The ancestral property was a common property that belonged to Annapoorni, her son, sister and brother, police said. But her brother Shanmugham managed to get their signatures on the land transaction documents and sold the property to the accused in December 2009.When Annapoorni inquired about the transaction to Muruganandm and Susai Manikam, they abused her, the police said. On March 11, Shanmugham, Muruganandam, Susai Manikam and five others entered into Annapoorni's house with weapons and threatened her of dire consequences, if she refused to leave the property, police said. Thudiyalur police have registered cases of cheating and criminal intimidation against Shanmugham and seven others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269404", "title": "Rail Budget: \u2018Fare hike not unfair, give facilities\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi may be drawing flak from his party boss Mamata Banerjee for raising fares, but Delhiites are not gunning for his scalp.Many say the minister should not resign and be given a chance to work on his model. Others, however, complain the raise is steep and existing fares should have been the benchmark.\"The railway minister has cleverly camouflaged the 18% hike in AC coaches by tagging it with kilometres travelled. At first glance, the hike looks insignificant until I sat down to calculate the distance I needed to cover.\"Rounding off fares ending with 7, 8 and 9 to the next divisible of five has upset equations,\" said Niranjani Sahni, who often travels to Mumbai on the Rajdhani.But there are others who disagree. \"I don't mind paying extra. The hike is coming after eight years and I think it's justified,\" said Arun Debnath, 39, from Kolkata.\"What I think is unjustified is asking the railway minister to reverse his decision. Give him time to work,\" he said.Just like Debnath, Sukhwinder Singh from Kanpur too thinks an increase in fares was expected and overdue. \"Prices are rising and this hike has come after several years. What I don't agree is the kilometer-based raise, especially for local fares,\" he said.Most agree with Singh. Passengers to Ghaziabad (20km from Delhi) and Faridabad (31km from Delhi) will continue to pay a minimum fare of Rs 5 for 35 km. But the effective hike is zero in case of fares ending with 6 or 1 as it will be rounded off to the next lower multiple.However, for a passenger to Rewari - a journey of 53 km - who nows pays Rs 16 as the base fare will need to pay an extra of Rs 1.22 (0.02 per Km according to the minister). But with Rs 17 being rounded off to Rs 20, you end up paying Rs 4 more, an increase of 25 per cent.Take another example. The base fare now is Rs 24. The hike is Rs 3.32. That means you end up paying Rs 30, an increase of Rs 6. Or in other words, a steep hike of 25 per cent. Long-distance travellers though will have to shell out less due to the distance travelled.For example, the base fare for AC-III tier on Howrah-Rajdhani is Rs 1,328 for 1450 km. The new fare system will mean paying Rs 1,475, a hike of 11 per cent.\"Suburban fare structure has also been touched after a long time. As the railway board had pointed out, the highest losses were on local routes. The fare raise is a clever ploy to cut down losses,\" said a former railway board officer.Many passengers wanted to discuss the budget beyond the fare hike. What bothers them more is lack of security, hygiene and basic amenities.\"The fare hike is not important. The questions we should be asking is where are the amenities that were promised. Even basic facilities are missing,\" said GS Gupta, a government employee.The rail budget introduced by Trivedi has, however, tried to focus on five necessities of a modern railway network - safety, modernization, decongestion, consolidation and capacity augmentation.In fact the minister has specified establishment of an independent safety authority.\"It is good the budget is focusing more on security of passengers as that is the need of the hour,\" said Puneet Bansal, 31, businessman.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12274209", "title": "Bandh peaceful in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The Lohardaga bandh on Wednesday, called by social groups like Naujawan Committee, demanding proper drinking water and electric supply was successful to a large extent. Business houses remained totally closed in most areas.To press for their demands, the local wing of Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) staged a daylong dharna in front of the collectorate gate. It was led by Suka Tana Bhagat, president of the local wing. The agitators raised slogans like \"bijli do, paani do\". \"Non-supply of water and electricity has become common practice here. Water is supplied every alternate day in a week or 15 days. There have been occasions when water is not supplied for days together and power crisis is said to be the reason, said Munna Khan, a resident. Power is supplied for less than five hours a day, which has affected people of all classes.Naujawan Committee had blocked the road at Subash Chowk on the eve of Holi but lifted the blockade in less than an hour's time following a police officer's request. The agitators, led by Nanhe Khan, have also vented their anger by marching on the streets of the town and in front of the district collectorate. Police stopped them from entering the collectorate premises. Later, a delegation met DC Ratan Kumar, who assured them of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274518", "title": "Singer Rabbi launches his next!", "text": "After four years, singer Rabbi is back with a new album called 'III' since it's his 3rd offering. Inspired by the genre of rock as well as Sufi and Punjabi folk, his songs are deeply philosophical and blends archaic, almost lost Punjabi phrases into today's contemporary Indian music with great ease.About his album, Rabbi says, \"Over the years, I've fallen in love with the concept of an album. It gives a much more complete idea of an artist, his environment, his times than a one-off song. I like tracing a trajectory, plotting it with songs; the songs must have variety, but still fit in as a whole. I like looking at their keys, their tone, their tempos, their texture. It's like writing a novel. 'III' comes out of this love of craft. It gives a very complete idea of who I was post-2008.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271307", "title": "Police revamp cell to hunt out absconders", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Wednesday informed the Bombay high court that it was in the process of restructuring the absconding accused unit of the Mumbai police. A joint commissioner of police level officer will supervise the functioning of the cell, set up to arrest over 21,000 accused and convicts who have gone missing, said the state.The HC had taken suo moto cognizance after an accused, Ramzan Sabit Hussain, jumped bail in 2003 after the the bail of another absconding accused was cancelled.Police report showed over 20,000 accused had absconded after they got bail or were on parole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268908", "title": "Corrupt Mhada deputy collector Nitesh Janardhan Thakur worth Rs 118 crore: ACB", "text": "MUMBAI: Suspended Maharashtra Housing Area Development Authority ( Mhada) deputy collector Nitesh Janardhan Thakur is back in the news again.On Wednesday morning, when an anti-corruption bureau (ACB) squad came to raid his duplex flat at Swapnasheel building in Vile Parle, Nitesh refused to let the team in, despite them having a warrant.A drama ensued for nearly three hours during which the ACB team called up the Vile Parle police for help. Later, officials had to break open the main door of Nitesh's flat; a fabricator was also requisitioned to sever iron grilles of his house. Nitesh was arrested by the crime branch last year for threatening a builder over a financial dispute.ACB sources said, a Gorai bungalow, two duplex flats in Vile Parle, 11 flats and four bungalows in Kandivli, Borivli, Andheri, Ghatkopar, Alibaug, Murud, Kolegoan and Chikli are among the 26 properties worth over Rs 118 crore that Nitesh allegedly amassed during 12 years of government service. He also owns a Land Rover, Mercedes and Honda CRV, said a senior ACB official.The ACB is probing into a disproportionate assets case against Nitesh and conducted raids on 18 of his 26 properties all over the state on Wednesday. \"Our investigations have been going on from last year,\" deputy superintendent of police (Alibaug division) KS Hegaji said.Nitesh and his brother Nilesh were taken into custody for threatening Mukesh Waghela. Nitesh owed Waghela and Pandurang Thakur Rs 14.5 crore for acting as a liaison for a redevelopment project in Kandivli. Nitesh failed to pay the money and started using gangsters to threaten them.In 2008, Nitesh went on sick leave without intimating his superiors and allegedly started \"settling realty disputes\". However, Nitesh filed a writ petition in the HC alleging that ACB officials were harassing him. He claimed that in 2000, one Ramesh Gharat, on account of a dispute regarding distribution of ancestral property, filed a complaint with the ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270351", "title": "'Reality show' for budding cricketers on March 18", "text": "PATNA: In a state where cricket has been paralysed for more than a decade comes an opportunity for budding cricketers to showcase their talent through a reality show, 'Cricket Champs', to be held at the Moinul Haq Stadium here on March 18.The Indraprastha All India Sports Foundation is organizing the \"audition\" of young cricketers in 15 cities of India. Former Test cricketers Kirti Azad and Akash Chopra will be the judges at the Patna audition.Aspiring cricketers can download the form from and apply. The show aims to find 'Bindass Captain' and groom the best among the promising cricketers from all over the country.The participants will be put through a set of physical and mental challenges. The top teams will compete for a cashprize of Rs 10 lakh. The top 11 performers will get scholarship training with the Kings XI Punjab team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273536", "title": "Nawazuddin Siddiqui on a roll", "text": "Nawazuddin Siddiqui talks to TOI about being called the next Irrfan...You have pleasantly surprised critics and the audience with your performance of an arrogant intelligence officer in Sujoy Ghosh's film...I am just 5'6\" in height and honestly speaking, I too was shocked when Sujoy had offered me the role. How was I supposed to bring out so much of arrogance? But Sujoy had the conviction that I would be able to pull it off. Today, I feel glad when people address me by my screen name Khan because they've almost identified me with the role I've played.It's being said that there is doubt if any Bollywood star can match up to your diverse roles and the depth of your performances. Why then are you still waiting in the wings to get your share of accolades?It's taken me 14 years to reach this stage. Frankly, Indian cinema still doesn't give space to actors. Ginti mein aatein nahin hai woh. The format is such that you have to have a hero and a heroine. They will get separated and finally, they'll meet to live happily ever after. Where is the space for good actors in this scheme of things? It's only stars who matter. Actors are second grade citizen and that's how it has been for over 50/60 years. I have been eating, drinking and sleeping acting for over 14 years now. I have never thought of anything else and yet... it's only now that I have reached a decent stage.What's been the haunting struggle story in your life?There are so many. For four to five years, I was treated like a puppet. Even if I met very small-time directors for work, I was told, \"Kuch karke dikha toh\". Katputli bana ke rakh diya tha mujhe. I tried my hand at television but there too things were pretty difficult. When Ekta Kapoor's serials became a hit, even small roles like that of beggars required actors who were fair and tall. I was in no man's land. Then, I agreed to do onescene roles in movies like \"Sarfarosh\" and \"Munna Bhai M.B.B.S.\" That too went against me because I became typecast as a one scene wonder! People just didn't want to give me roles worth two scenes.Didn't you feel like giving up?I had the tenacity but not everyone in my shoes would be able to fight it out. I remember an actor called Jitu Shastri, who was from the National School of Drama. He was such an unconventional actor. But he waited endlessly till a time came when he just couldn't take anymore and left Mumbai. Years of such treatment can sap any actor. Some end up going to astrologers or visiting dargahs and mandirs to know if at all life will take a different turn. But I never did all that. Anurag Kashyap had seen my plays and said that he would cast me the day he had the power to offer something interesting. And he kept his word with \"Black Friday\". Slowly, \" New York \", \"Firaaq\", \"Peepli Live\", \"Paan Singh Tomar\" and \" Kahaani\" happened. Now I am waiting for \" Talaash\", \"Gangs of Wasseypur\", \"Moonsoon Shootout\", \"Patang\", \"Dekh Indian Circus\" and \"Chittagong\" to release.Industry insiders say that you are all set to take the baton forward from the likes of Irrfan and Kay Kay Menon. How far is this rumour removed from truth?They are blessed with good height and a physique. I have heard comments about being the next Irrfan in the industry but I don't want to get into comparisons at all.Irrfan is one of the few Indian actors to have now become a star with an ability to sell a Hindi movie by being its face. Yet, he too has done different kinds of movies. Do you plan to take the Irrfan route to success?I know what I can do and what I want to do as far as acting goes. I am not here to dance with Akshay Kumar . Irrfan has done what he thinks is good for him. He has maintained a fine balance between arthouse movies and commercial fare. But no, I don't see myself doing that. I am interested in serious cinema where there is need and respect for performances of an actor of my calibre.What do you think makes an actor get noticed? Is it talent or practice?In-born talent is an over-hyped phrase. I have often come across so-called talented people who have given atrociously shallow performances. Everyone is born with a certain gift. But what actually makes the difference is practice, experience and knowledge of the craft.Your next big release is \"Talaash\". How did you bag the role?It was Aamir Khan who recommended me for the role in \"Talaash\". I am not at liberty to reveal anything about the film now. All I can say is that it is a thriller (and quite unlike \"Kahaani\") where I play a grey character. When I had auditioned for \"Peepli Live\", it was Aamir Khan who had chosen me for this role. He is the one to have recommended me for \"Talaash\" too. Once he saw the rough-cut of the movie, he was happy with my performance and messaged me as well.You know that the release dates of 'Talaash' has been pushed to November owing to delay in Aamir's television work...Right now, I am in a snow-clad place called Chitkul near Tibet shooting for Geetu Mohandas' film called \"Liar Dice\". I knew that the movie would release in June. The director and producers will take the right call and I am content as long as my work is appreciated.You are one of the busiest actors in Bollywood now...(Laughs) Work is happening. In \"LD\", I play a soldier who has been deserted from the Army. Then, I will start \"Lunch Box\" - a film on Mumbai's dabbawallahs - that will be directed by New York-based Ritesh Batra and produced by Anurag Kashyap. Thereafter, there's \"Shankar Shambhu\", which is a film on two friends.Is it true that you gave up an offer to do Roland Joffe's film?Yes. I was supposed to play the main villain in \"Singularity\". But my dates clashed with \"Gangs of Wasseypur\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268997", "title": "Firms want stress on infra, boost for R&D;", "text": "PUNE: An immediate rollout of Goods and Services Tax (GST) that will reduce transaction costs of businesses, a redefined corporate taxation structure, abolition of surcharge on taxes and an additional rebate on research and development investments, top the budget wish list of industries in the city.Industry players have also suggested the finance minister includes, in his Budget this year, provisions that will catalyse investments in sectors such as infrastructure, public health and education.Captains of industry said the government should look at plugging budget deficit by not succumbing to populist measures like food security, employment guarantee schemes and further subsidies. \"If the government is able to plug this drain, the overall macro economy will get a big boost and effectively lead to spreading of greater opportunities in the Indian market that will lead to more productive usage of our resources,\" they said.Tushar Mehendale, managing director of overhead crane manufacturers ElectroMech, said clarity on the rollout for GST is a must now and it is high time the government took a bold and firm stand on this issue to get over the resistance of states. \"A lot of internal trade blockages can be effectively removed. In fact, the government can get better revenues, if it implements GST,\" he said.Gokul Das, managing director, HRS Process Systems too said he anticipates the rollout of GST in this Budget as it will send out a strong message on the government's policy initiatives aimed at stimulating economic growth. He said he would expect a redefined corporate taxation structure, abolition of surcharges on taxes and extra rebate for research and development initiatives of corporates.Fujitsu Consulting India's controller and director of finance Ashutosh Prabhudesai said, \"In the Union Budget 2012, we would expect the Hon'ble Finance Minister to strike a balance between withdrawals of the previously implemented stimulus measures, including duty cuts, and introduce measures to get the GDP growth numbers back on track. As our growth rate suggests a weakening for FY 2011, it would work well for the industry if the corporate tax rates are rationalized to 25 per cent, down from the current rates of 30 per cent. He dismissed the possibility of a GST rollout this year, considering strained Centre-state relations.Sushil Karwa, managing director, Krishidhan Seeds, said Indian farmers are still struggling to get quality seeds because there is no encouragement for seed companies to invest in seed research. \"To promote seed research, seed companies should be given a status of infrastructure companies and the income of seed companies should be treated as agriculture income,\" he said. Also important would be to consider the finance extended to seed companies as priority sector lending by banks, Karwa added.Prashant Sharma, chief investment officer at Max New York Life Insurance, was of the opinion that the fiscal deficit this year will be significantly higher than budgeted and expected to overshoot compared to the budget estimate of 4.6 per cent. \"The government is likely to project reduction in fiscal deficit partly by cutting expenditure growth and partly by increasing tax revenues,\" Sharma said.\"The government may look at increasing its revenue by increasing excise duty and service tax. While excise duty could be raised on certain items, the service tax net should be broadened,\" he suggested.Devendra Shah, chairman, Parag Milk Foods Pvt Ltd, said, \"The Budget should put emphasis on foods processing industries, especially in the development of dairy industries and dairy infrastructure. \"The government has declared subsidies on cold chain policies. Instead it should give the benefits directly to the manufacturers or suppliers. The government should invest in cow productivity infrastructure, genetic improvement and embryo transfer technology,\" Shah said.According to Rohit Gadia, chief executive of CapitalVia Global Research Limited, the Budget policies, regulations and tax structures must help increase investment and trading in the stock market. In order to revive participation of retail investors, Budget 2012-2013 should deliver some revisions that can act as risk premium for traders and investors, he said. \"Removal of the Securities Transaction Tax (STT) on equity trades will prove to be one of such measures.\"It would revive the intra-day trading by reducing the transaction cost.\" The measure is likely to boost the confidence of retail investors and stimulate healthy speculative activity, which is the need of the hour, Gadia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12271381", "title": "Dalai behind Tibet suicides, says Chinese premier", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese premier Wen Jiabao on Wednesday expressed concern over self-immolation by young Tibetans to protest China's occupation of Tibet, saying they \"are innocent and we feel deeply distressed by their behaviours''. At least 25 such suicides - by monks and nuns - have been reported in recent months.Wen's comments come even as the ruling Communist Party leaders have condemned self-immolations and described Tibetans committing suicides as \"womanizers, criminals and mentally derelict''. They came during Wen's annual press conference and are the first expression of sympathy by an important Chinese leader.But the premier lashed out at the Tibetan government-in-exile and the Dalai Lama for \"causing disaffection among Tibetans towards their motherland'' . He said the government-in-exile is \"under Dalai's direct and indirect control''. \"Its purpose is to separate Tibet and the Tibetan-inhabited areas from China. We have a firm position on this matter.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12270011", "title": "Beant Singh assassination case: Execution of Balwant Singh may be delayed", "text": "PATIALA: The execution of Balwant Singh Rajoana, a co-accused in the killing of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh in 1995, may be delayed as a trial in a local court is pending against him.Additional district and session judge, Chandigarh, Shalini Nagpal had last week issued a warrant of death sentence against the Babbar Khalsa terrorist. According to the warrant, Balwant will be hanged on March 31 in Patiala Central Jail.Jail sources said they have written to the Punjab DGP (jails) seeking clarification on whether a death warrant can be carried out when a case is under judicial process against a convict.Human rights activist and lawyer Barjinder Singh Sodhi has questioned the order for execution of Balwant Singh as a case against him, relating to explosives, was still pending.\"If the case against him is dismissed by the court and new legal aspects are raised, then what will happen,\" he told reporters on Wednesday. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12269830", "title": "What Bengal gets", "text": "New express trains from bengalSecunderabad -Shalimar AC Express(Tri-Weekly) via ViajayawadaHowrah-New Jalpaiguri Shatabdi Express(6 days a week) via Malda TownNew Jalpaiguri - New Cooch Behar Intercity Express (5 days a week)Howrah - Raxaul Express (Bi-Weekly) via Asansole, Jhajha, BarauniHowrah - Lalkuan Express (weekly) via Mughalsarai, Varanasi, LucknowKolkata -Joynagar Express (weekly) via Asansol, Jhajha, BarauniDibrugarh - Kolkata Express (weekly)Shalimar -Chennai Express (weekly)Barrackpore - Azamgarh Express (weekly) via Jhajha, Ballia, MauAsansol - Chennai Express (weekly) via Purulia, Sambalpur, Vizianagram.Shalimar - Bhuj Express (Weekly) via Bilaspur, Katni, BhopalSantragachi - Ajmer Express (weekly) via Kharagpur, Chandil, Barkakana, Katni, Kota Malda Town - Surat Express (Weekly) via Rampur Hat, Asansol, NagpurMEMUAdra - AsansolAdra - Bishnupur via BankuraSealdah -LalgolaDEMUSiliguri - Changrabandha (daily)New Jalpaiguri - Bamanhat DEMU service in lieu of convensional servicesExtension of route13155/13156 - Kolkata - Darbhanga Express to Sitamarhi19605/19606 - Kolkata - Ajmer Express to Ahmedabad (via Abu Road)53139/53140 - Kolkata - Chittaranjan Passenger to Deoghar55713/55714 - New Jalpaiguri - Bongaigaon passenger to TezpurIncrease in frequency75705/75706 - New Jalpaiguri - Aluabari - Siliguri DEMU from 6 to 7 days75707/75708 Radhikapur - New Jalpaiguri DEMU from 6 to 7 days75709/75710 Balurghat - New Jalpaiguri DEMU from 6 to 7 daysNew lines proposed to be completed in 2011-12Talpur-ArambagBishnupur-SagarNew Coochbehar- Golakganj (part)New Changrabandha- New Coochbehar (Part)List of new line projects targeted for completion in 2012-13 :Arambagh-GoghatAzimganj-JiaganjDeshpran- NandigramKhargapur-ChhatarpurNew Line Projects sent to Planning Commission for appraisalHasnabad-MachalandapurSiliguri-SuknaNew Line Surveys to be taken up during 2012-13Bashirhat - MaslandpurGhatakpukur-Hasnabad via MalanchaNew Line Projects sanctioned in 2012-13Kulpi - Diamond HarbourTarakeshwar - Furfura SharifNandigram - Kandiamari (Nayachar)Nandakumar - BolaipandaMukutmonipur - JhilimiliRajabhatkhowa-JaintiGauge Conversion Works to be completed in 2011-12New Mal-Changrabandha Gauge ConversionProjects to be completed in 2012-13Krishnanagar City-AmghataDoubling Works for completion during 2011-12Magrahat-Diamond HarbourDakshin Barasat-LakshmikantapurJirat-GuptiparaGuptipara-Ambika KalnaKatwa-DaihatShantipur-ThuliaGokulpur-MidnapurTikiapara-SantragachiBalichak-ShyamchakHaur-BalichakShyamchak-MadpurDoubling Works for completion during 2012-13Dankuni-BallyKrishnanagar-DhubuliaPhulia-KalinarayanpurTinpahar-TaljhariBhagawangola-JiaganjNalhati-TakipurAmbika Kalna-DhatrigramDainhat-PatuliPoradanga-ManigramAmbari Falakata-BelakobaBelakoba-RaninagarJalpaiguriNew Coochbehar-BaneswarNew Alipurduar-Samukhtala RoadKharagpur-GokulpurMahisadal-BardaBarda-Basulya SutahataManoharpur-PosoitaJakpur-ShayamchakNew Doubling Projects sanctioned in 2012-13Sagardighi - AzimganjDoublingAndul (Fly-over) - Baltikuri (Bankranayabaz) DoublingKharagpur - Narayangarh 3rd LineNew Coochbehar - Gumanihat Patch DoublingBhadrak - Nergundi 3rd LineNew Surveys for Doubling Projects sanctioned in 2012-133rd Line between Kharagpur and BhadrakTamluk-DighaNew Railway electrification projects sanctioned in 2012-13Andal-Sitarampur viaJamuria-IkhraProjects being executed with State CooperationBurdwan-Katwa new lineFull Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271101", "title": "Long-distance travel may get costlier", "text": "MUMBAI: Long-distance travel on Indian Railways may get dearer as railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has proposed to raise fares across all classes of trains, which could be the first such hike in a decade.Second class fares for mail or express trains are proposed to be increased by a minimum three paise per passenger per km. The minimum distance for this charge is proposed as 60 km. In this category, the hike will range from Rs 3 to Rs 6.For sleeper class, the proposed hike is five paise, with no change in minimum distance of charge. The AC chair car fares are proposed to be increased by 10 paise per passenger per km, with the minimum distance for charge being 150 km. For example, the Mumbai-Pune second class fare could increase from Rs 53 to Rs 60, while for sleeper class it could go up from Rs 100 to Rs 110, and Rs 212 to Rs 235 for AC chair car.On the Mumbai-Ahmedabad sector, the fare for second class and sleeper could increase to Rs125 and Rs 220, as against the earlier Rs 109 and Rs 197, respectively. In Duronto class trains, the fare for the same distance in the AC first class could increase from Rs 1,473 to Rs 1,620. For AC 2-tier and AC 3-tier , there could be a significant jump of up to Rs 880 and Rs 590, respectively. For the Mumbai-Howrah Duronto, the fare for AC 3-tier may go up by almost Rs 182 from Rs 1,468. For AC-I and AC-II , the fare may be Rs 4,235 and Rs 2,370, respectively.In the AC 3-tier and first class category, the fares could be increased by 10 paise per passenger per km. For AC-3 the minimum distance of charge could be 300 km. AC 2-tier fares will go up by 15 paise per km, with again the minimum distance of charge at 300 km. The AC first class fare will go up by 30 paise per km, with minimum distance of charge at 300 km.For the Mumbai-Delhi Rajdhani train, the fare could go up by almost Rs 430 to Rs 3,445 in the AC Ist class. In AC II tier, the fare could increase by Rs 213 from Rs 1,782. For AC 2-tier and AC chair car, the proposed fare is Rs 1,440 and Rs 1,165, respectively from the existing Rs 1,302 and Rs 921.The fare on normal trains between Mumbai and Delhi may go up to Rs 1,205 from Rs 1,065 for AC 3-tier . For AC 2-tier , the hike could be to Rs 1,690 from Rs 1,477. For AC first class, the hike may be Rs 425 from the existing rate of Rs 2,501.New trainsWestern RailwayBandra Terminus-Bhuj AC Express (Tri-Weekly ) | Bandra Terminus-Delhi Sarai Rohila Express (Weekly) via Palanpur | Phulera Bikaner-Bandra Terminus Express (Weekly) via Jodhpur, Marwar, Ahmedabad | Gandhidham-Bandra Terminus Express (Weekly) via Morbi | Jhansi-Mumbai Express (Weekly) via Gwalior, Maksi, Nagda | Porbander-Secunderabad Express (Weekly) via Viramgam, Vasai Road | Hapa-Madgaon Express (Weekly) via Vasai Road, RohaCentral RailwayKamakhya-Lokmanya Tilak (T) AC Express (Weekly) via Katihar, Mughalsarai, Itarsi | Dadar (T)- Tirunelveli Express (Weekly) via Roha, Coimbatore,Erode | Visakhapatnam-Sai Nagar Shirdi Express (Weekly) via Vijayawada,Manmad | Indore-Yesvantpur Express (Weekly) via Itarsi,Narkher,Amravati,Akola,Ka cheguda | Amravati-Pune Express (Bi-weekly ) via Akola, Purna and Latur | Sai Nagar Shirdi-Pandharpur Express (Tri-weekly ) via Kurduwadi | Solapur-Yesvantpur Express (Tri-weekly ) via GulbargaFull Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270391", "title": "Finally, Nagpur-Wardha third line gets green signal", "text": "NAGPUR: As speculated, the railway budget presented by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday has not much to offer to the Orange City. The only silver lining for the city is the sanction of Rs 300 crore third line between Nagpur and Wardha and a new Nagpur-Secundrabad train despite the financial constraints.The third railway line has fulfilled the long-pending demand of the region. Central Railway divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit said third line was the need of the hour as Nagpur connects north-east-south-west corridor causing tremendous congestion.\"We are already overusing our line capacity which has gone up to 140%. The third line will ease congestion and we will be able to operate more number of trains now. It's a big achievement for Nagpurians,\" Dixit said.Dixit said he was happy as Nagpur could get a new train to Secundrabad besides other trains passing through the city. \"Electrification and doubling of Amla-Chhindwara rail link will boost freight and passenger traffic,\" he added. The budget has also cleared doubling of Amla-Chhindwara rail line.Dixit said the focus of the budget was on resource mobilisation. If the entire Rs 60,000 plan outlay is materialised, the region will get a big boost for ongoing works. An amount of Rs 22.50 lakh has been granted for Ajni electric loco shed for capacity augmentation.However, of the host of demands from various bodies and leaders for new trains, extensions and frequencies, Nagpur could manage to get only a tri-weekly Nagpur-Secundrabad train and two passing trains - Malda-Surat (weekly) and Secundrabad-Darbhanga (bi-weekly).Railway officials said passenger traffic to twin cities of Hyderabad and Secundrabad is increasing and many private buses operate from Nagpur to these cities. Passengers will now benefit in a big way with the new train.On the contrary, being President Pratibha Patil's home town, Amravati got prominence with a new biweekly train to Pune, besides some trains like Indore-Yashwantpur and Jaipur-Secundrabad passing by the city. Both these trains will bypass Nagpur and travel through new Narkhed-Amravati rail line.The demand from rail users' body and passengers for a new train between Nagpur and Delhi has been apparently turned down. Besides, the demand to extend trains like Amravati-Jabalpur Express till Allahabad, Nagpur-Indore Express to Udaipur, Nagpur-Bilaspur Shivnath Express to Howrah and augment Nagpur-Amravati Intercity Express, has been ignored. However, frequency of Raigarh-Gondia Janshatabdi Express has been increased from the present four to six days.There was strong demand to give stoppages to several trains at Ajni. However, Trivedi made it clear that more stoppages to trains were not feasible as it delayed trains.On the infrastructural front, the already announced broadening of Nagpur-Nagbhid narrow gauge project and link between Ballarshah and Surjagad project has been referred to the Planning Commission.The budget states that doubling of Nagpur-Kalamna railway line is on the verge of completion. However, the South East Central Railway (SECR) in Nagpur seems to have misled the railways. The Rs 21-crore Nagpur-Kalamna 6.5-km double line was sanctioned in 2008, but work on it is yet to begin owing to encroachments.Passengers, who got relief from fare hike for the last eight years, will now have to shell out more with the increase in fares for all classes.Place Sleeper AC-I AC-II AC-IIIMumbai 323/365 1945/2197 1169/1295 852/936Delhi 371/426 2269/2599 1348/1513 988/1098Chennai 371/426 2269/2599 1348/1513 988/1098Howrah 379/436 2322/2564 1378/1549 1010/1124Pune 336/381 2038/2308 1199/1334 881/971(The fares are from Nagpur and include surcharge and other charges)Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271653", "title": "Not up to the mark, say state leaders", "text": "KOCHI: Cutting across political lines, political leaders in the state have termed the railway budget as disappointing.Chief minister Oommen Chandy said, \"The budget did not live up to the expectations of Kerala, and many of the demands of the state have not been incorporated in it.''KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala said the people of the state had expected more. \"No doubt the railway minister had tried to include many projects even amidst tough financial constraints. But the MPs from Kerala should try to persuade the minister to accept the pending demands of Kerala,'' he said.Leader of the opposition V S Achuthanandan attacked the budget for totally neglecting the interests of the state and said the negative aspects of the budget would be reflected in the poll outcome at Piravom. CPM secretary Pinarayi Vijayan alleged that the budget had obliterated Kerala from the country's rail map.Former railway minister and BJP leader O Rajagopal also criticized the budget and said it would have long-term adverse consequences on the rail development plans of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12275868", "title": "Team Anna behaving like Naxalites: Subramanian Swamy", "text": "NAGPUR: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy on Thursday alleged that Team Anna was behaving like \"Naxalites\" as they were \"not keen on solutions\" and instead bent on dragging the issue of corruption.\"Though Anna Hazare is spreading the anti-corruption movement and wants a strong Jan Lok Pal bill to tackle the menace, his team members are behaving like Naxalites ,\" Swamy told newsmen, here on Thursday.\"Team Anna was not keen on solutions but dragging the issue and was more interested in defaming the system,\" he said.He also targeted Kiran Bedi , without naming her, and said, \"some Magsaysay award winners...are not the only intellectuals in the country to teach the rest.\"On the ongoing spectrum issue, Swamy said he decided to move the Supreme Court -- challenging the trial court order which held that home minister P Chidmbaram did not indulge in any criminal conspiracy in the 2G case and refused to make him an accused in it -- as he was hopeful to get justice.\"The lower court judge could not understand the law of Prevention of Corruption Act properly though it was 50 percent in my favour. The spectrum case is not an IPC crime like rape or murder..Chidambaram acted with a criminal mind. Hence, I approached the apex court,\" Swamy told reporters.He said that earlier also he received several setbacks in lower courts but higher courts have given him justice.Also, Swamy said that his next mission was to expose alleged irregularities and huge corruption in Air India.On UPA government, he said after presidential elections this year, it will collapse and mid-term elections are imminent.To a question, he ruled out the possibility of formation of a Third Front and said, apparently referring to TMC, \"You see how political parties are behaving. They are the possible constituents.\"Swamy, who also addressed a meeting of pro-Vidarbha state protagonists and said at least 60 smaller states should be created including Vidarbha, Telengana and also Gorkhaland.He said he will be moving Supreme Court on the Telangana issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12269118", "title": "Fire &amp; ice weather has city in tizzy", "text": "MUMBAI: Those who woke up in the wee hours of Wednesday may have felt a slight chill in the air. However, Mumbaikars travelling in the afternoon could feel the heat. Within the span of about eight hours, the mercury level saw a difference of more than 21 degrees on Wednesday.The minimum temperature recorded at Santa Cruz was 16.2 degrees Celsius, while the daytime temperature rose to 37.5 degrees Celsius-marking a difference of 21.3 degrees-on Wednesday. A difference above 15 degrees within a day can affect the body, say experts. The maximum temperature in Santa Cruz was four degrees above normal, while the minimum was four degrees below normal. The minimum temperature recorded by Colaba was 20.9 degrees, while the maximum was 35.5 degrees. The weather department blames winds hitting the city for the fluctuations.\"Direction of the winds can influence the temperature in the city,\" said V K Rajeev, director (weather forecast) of the Indian Meteorological Department. \"Sea breeze helps in controlling the rising temperature. Everyday it sets in early. Since these winds are cooler, they keep the temperature in check. On Wednesday, the sea breeze did not set in till noon, by which time, the temperatures had risen to maximum,\" he added. The moisture, says the weather department, can help reduce the temperature. But the humidity levels too, have been quite low. The morning relative humidity recorded by Colaba and Santa Cruz were 53% and 28%. The evening humidity levels were even lower with Colaba recording 39% and Santa Cruz recording 22%.For the next two days, it is likely to be warmer, says the weather bureau. \"The minimum temperatures may rise by a degree. The northerly winds will continue to hit the city, but they won't reduce the heat,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12272758", "title": "Fares don't pinch, still cheaper than bus for sleeper class", "text": "MANGALORE: Travelling to the state capital by train will be a tad costlier but will not pinch either the middle class or upper class passengers.As per the budget presented by railways minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday the increase in fares between Mangalore- Bangalore works out to a minimum of Rs 25 to a maximum of Rs 76 from sleeper class to two tier air-conditioned class passengers.The present rate for sleeper class tickets is Rs 224 which will become Rs 250 from the next fiscal. Likewise, the three tier air-conditioned rates will go up by Rs 51 from the present Rs 601 to Rs 652. The two tier air-conditioned class prices will be increased by Rs 76.35, from Rs 822 to 898.35.But they are still cheaper than the KSRTC bus fares- Rs 396 for Rajahamsa as against sleeper class.Speaking about the Railway Budget, Puttur Railway Yatrikara Sangha convener Dinesh K Bhat said that the fare hike was a welcome move. \"It is essential for the economic health of the Indian Railways,'' he said. However, he was disappointed that of the seven express and three passenger trains announced none were for the coast.There was silver lining with Kabaka Station at Puttur being developed as Adarsha Railway Station,' which was announced by then railway minister Mamata Banerjee.Bhat said the plan entails a spend of Rs 2-3 crore and would give ten types of facilities like upper class waiting rooms and coach guidance system among others.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new yoek", "code": "12272815", "title": "New iPad: Apple may climb above $700", "text": "NEW YOEK: Apple Inc, getting a boost from anticipation of the new iPad, rose to a record today and may climb 19 per cent to $700, according to analysts who raised their price targets for the stock.At least four analysts, including Katy Huberty at Morgan Stanley in New York, have increased price targets to $700 or higher in the past two weeks. Apple, based in Cupertino , California , rose 3.8 per cent to $589.58 at the close in New York and has gained 46 per cent this year.More are likely to boost targets as they quantify the market share of the new iPad, said Michael Walkley, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity, who raised his target to $710 yesterday. The average price target of 43 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg is $605, which could mean updates are lagging behind, he said.\"As they do their checks in the quarter and stronger numbers come through, it leads to better earnings power than we were seeing even six weeks ago,\" Walkley said in an interview. \"Some analysts are behind the curve on estimates.\"Shares of some Apple competitors have languished as the company takes market share. Hewlett-Packard Co, which has tried competing with Apple through smartphones, tablets and personal computers, has tumbled 41 per cent in the past 12 months. Nokia Oyj has fallen 40 per cent. Research In Motion Ltd, the maker of BlackBerry smartphones, has dropped 79 per cent.As of today, Apple gave investors a 555 per cent return in the past five years and has outperformed the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index by 543 per cent. Since 2007, investors paid an average 43 per cent premium for Apple's earnings compared with the S&P; 500's earnings.iPad upgradeThe new iPad, set to go on sale March 16, has been upgraded with a sharper screen and faster chip as Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to widen the company's lead in tablets over Amazon.com Inc , Microsoft Corp and Google Inc. Slashing the price of the older iPad by $100 also helps cut into competition, said Huberty, who raised her price target to $720 yesterday.Huberty also cited the company's expansion in emerging markets such as China and Brazil and a new TV product as reasons to lift her price target. \"Apple's earnings power is potentially far greater than investors believe and our prior bull case model suggested,\" Huberty said in a note to investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273836", "title": "A rocking night by Dibyendu Mukherjee", "text": "It was a promise to open up new avenues in music - or rather Latin American music. With that in mind, Dibyendu Mukherjee and friends came together at Someplace Else, The Park, on Saturday.And what a show it was! \"That's what the nukkad in the Nukkad Salsa Project stands for. There are so many aspects in Latin American music that are still unexplored. Our aim is to reach out to the masses with our music,\" said Dibyendu.Despite the party pooper deadline, music lovers turned up in hordes to be part of this special night - a tribute to Carlos Santana.Said an excited Dibyendu, \"It was great to see so many people asking for our music to continue at 11.30 pm. Barring one, this project comprises members of the old Orient Express lineup. Earlier, I had seen people dropping by to listen to one kind of music. I really don't want that. Music lovers should be able to relate to our music and also that by Hip Pocket at the same go.\"Three more shows are lined up for the band. \"We want to present a show on the Latin American influences of RD Burman and Salil Chowdhury. Apart from that, there will be a folk night,\" the musician added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269624", "title": "Political protest causes traffic snarls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Huge traffic snarls ensued in central Delhi on Wednesday after roads were closed due to political protests. While Parliament Street was closed from Jantar Mantar red light to the Patel Chowk roundabout from morning till the afternoon, the slow dispersal in the afternoon led to traffic congestion in the area till about 7.30pm. While the procession began from Ramlila Grounds at 11am, the dispersal of the crowd of 60,000-odd people in the afternoon led to massive traffic congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269145", "title": "Manohar Parrikar to present budget on March 21", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will present the state budget for the financial year 2012-13 on March 21. The three-day budget session will begin on March 19.Sources in the assembly said that on March 19, the newly-elected MLAs will take the oath and the speaker will be elected.BJP Shiroda MLA Mahadev Naik has been appointed as the pro-tem speakerOn March 20, governor K Sankaranarayanan will address the first session of the year followed by Parrikar presenting the budget for the financial year 2012-13 on March 21. The government will also take a vote-on-account on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285874", "title": "Police want curbs on club timing", "text": "GURGAON: The shocking abduction and rape of a woman reportedly attached to a club here has spurred the city police to improve safety for women . Reassuring the public in this regard , the Haryana director general of police announced on Thursday that the number of police women in the city would soon be increased by 382. Surveillance systems are alsolikely to be installed in Gurgaon and Faridabad within the next three months .The city police have also written to the district administration demanding a midnight lockout at pubs and night clubs from where many fights and crimes against women are reported .Confirming the move , a senior police official said they had requestedthe administration and the excise department to not make any exceptions on timings .Adverse publicity in recent days has hit the entertainment business housed in places such as Sahara Mall on MG Road that has six pub-bars on a single floor . Notorious for cases of fighting , molesting , and assaulton guestsby bouncers , some of them are trying to keep business going by changing their names .The Vibrate pub is now known as Prison club, and Lovely Obscene has renamed itself as Last Chance . Between them , the six pubs have 12 police cases lodged against them . Vibrate alonehassix cases pending againstitwhileLovely Obscene and Ignite are named in three each . The police say there was a spurt in crime after the clubs were allowed to remain open till2am by theexcise department .Haryana DGP Ranjeev Singh Dalal said on Thursday that safety remains the police's priority . He said their focus would be on MG Road , which is the hub of the city's nightlife , and acknowledged the needfor a surveillancesystem there .Dalal said women would feel safer in the city with the induction of additional female personnel . Of the planned 382 women constables , 180 have already joined and the rest will complete their training in April . Dalal said 500 women police personnel have been hired in Gurgaon in the last three years . Earlier , there were only 59 women constables .The DGP said installation of the surveillance systems in Faridabad andGurgaon could happen within a few months . He said the government had allocatedfunds generously for improving infrastructure . A second police lines for Gurgaon is being built over an area of 60 acres in Manesar and Hudco has extended a loan of Rs 300 crore for it. Dalal said 700 houses for police personnel were nearing completion in Gurgaon and the government had approved construction of 14 houses for DSPs here .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12270177", "title": "Posing as policemen, gang loots women", "text": "KOLKATA: If you come across a group of plainclothesmen, claiming to be cops, and asking you to hand over jewellery and valuables for safety, then beware! Posing as police personnel, a gang of fraudsters has duped more than 40 people in Kolkata and its fringes and robbed them of their valuables. Surprisingly, the gang remains elusive despite a mad hunt by police.Duping people by posing as policemen is not an uncommon crime in the city. But, these miscreants have adopted a unique modus operandi. They mainly target middle-aged housewives, wearing gold and valuable ornaments, especially when they are on their way back from a wedding ceremony or any social function.The gang's act was first reported from Kolkata in the first week of February. A group of middle-aged women were walking back from a wedding when near Dhakuria they were approached by two decently-dressed youths. Introducing themselves as cops, the duo warned the women about the rise in incidents of snatching in the area. \"One of them then asked us to take off all our ornaments. He took a handkerchief from us and wrapped the ornaments in it. He then told us that they would escort us to our house to prevent any untoward incident,\" said one of the victims.Initially, the women were hesitant to trust the youths, but their polite looks allayed the women's fears. \"The youth who was carrying the ornaments handed us the handkerchief in front of our house and left,\" said another woman. When the women opened the handkerchief, they found instead of their ornaments, there were some pieces of plastic inside. But the victims, however, said that not for even once did they spot the youths taking out the ornaments.Officers of Lake police station are still in the dark about the culprits. More than 40 similar cases have been reported from areas like Jadavpur, Baranagar and even Salt Lake, but the gang is still at large. Police believe that the gang has divided itself into groups and is operating across the city.Earlier, the gang operated in the evenings on foot. But a slew of successful robberies has made them more daring. Now, they strike in broad daylight and move around on motorcycles.Within a span of two hours on Monday, March 13, the gang duped two middle-aged women. Ratna Mazumdar was walking along Raja SC Mullick Road near Jadavpur University when two bike-borne youths stopped in front of her. Posing as cops, they warned Ratna of snatchers and gave her an envelope to keep her ornaments. When she doubted their motive, the duo flashed a police ID card, following which Ratna gave in to their request. She put her earrings, ring and chain in the envelope and kept it in her bag. But on reaching home, she found the ornaments were missing and lodged a complaint at Jadavpur police station. The same afternoon, Chandra Devi became a victim of the gang's antics on CIT Road and lodged a complaint with Phoolbagan police.On Tuesday, the gang deceived another woman in Girish Park, in central Kolkata.Besides police stations, officers of Kolkata Police's watch section launched a search for the gang, but to no avail. Kolkata Police, meanwhile, managed to collect CCTV footage and also made some sketches of the culprits.\"We suspect that the crime is the handiwork of an expert gang. Apparently, we have reasons to suspect that the gang is from south India and may have local links,\" said an investigator. They are raiding several places in Hoogly and Kharagpur that have a south Indian population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271197", "title": "Bullet train proposal is old wine in new bottle", "text": "JAIPUR: The euphoria in the state over the proposal of a bullet train connecting Delhi-Jaipur-Ajmer-Jodhpur seems misplaced. For a reality check, one should look no further than the promise of making Jaipur a world-class railway station.Moreover, the ambitious hi-speed corridor was announced on Wednesday is not a new one as the project was proposed by the previous railways minister Mamata Banerjee in her Rail Budget 2011-12. Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has simply added Ajmer and Jodhpur to the previous rail minister's proposal of Delhi-Jaipur hi-speed corridor. Even though a good one year has passed, nothing has been done to kick off work on the line, much like the promise to make Jaipur a world-class railway station.Experts say it might take at least 10 years to see a bullet train running on the corridor.The railways was supposed to assign the task of studying if a speed between 250-350 km/hr on the route is attainable as promised by Mamata. But the railways is yet to hire a company for this job.\"There has been no development in the study work for Delhi-Jaipur hi-speed corridor and now Trivedi has just added Ajmer and Jodhpur to this route. It is still not clear who will do the study and by when it would be completed. It appears to be a far fetched idea as of now,\" said a chief engineer from the railways on the condition of anonymity.However, addressing the post budget press conference, R C Agarwal, general manager, North Western Railways claimed that the study work will start soon.According to experts, including retired engineers from the railways, it might take at least 10 years to see a bullet train running on the said route.\"First, a company will be selected for a feasibility study. Things like if the speed of 250 kms/hour is attainable, what kind of wagons would be needed for the train to get that speed and finally, it would be recommended to the concerned authorities at the railway board. It is going to take at least 10 years to see the hi-speed bullet train running between Delhi and Jodhpur,\" said an NWR official on anonymity.In the list of railway stations which would be made modal station, the rail minister has added Jaipur. During his budget speed he did not said a word on the proposed Jaipur world-class railway station.\"It is not feasible for the railways to invest the whole amount on its own for the world-class railway project. It has to be through public-private-partnership model. But no investor in the past three years has shown interest in the project,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268723", "title": "Doctors told to be on alert when treating flu cases", "text": "PUNE: The city health chief has alerted all medical staff to keep their index of suspicion high while treating patients with flu-like symptoms.\"Our medical staff have been asked to be alert while treating influenza cases,\" city health chief S T Pardeshi told TOI on Wednesday.\"Any patient not responding to regular medication should be categorised and screened for swine flu infection.\"Nurses and health workers serving at clinics and dispensaries at the city's slums have also been sent an advisory in this regard, Pardeshi said.\"The transmission of the H1N1 virus is not that high. There is no need to panic. But as far as the health advisory is concerned, all hygienic practices like frequent hand washing and keeping a distance from patients with flu-like symptoms should be observed,\" Pardeshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12274482", "title": "Politicos wary of Project Tiger", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Leaders of all the three political parties here are wary about the controversy over the Project Tiger.Addressing a rally here, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda said the government was planning to withdraw the areas from the Project Tiger.Terming the assurance bogus, former CM and JD(S) state chief, H D Kumaraswamy, has declared that he would fight till the end if the government implemented the project. \"I am ready even to sacrifice my life to protect your interests,'' he declared at an election rally. KPCC president G Parameshwara too promptly opposed the project.But the officials sing a different tune. They say they are waiting for the polls to get over so that they can start initiating the process of expansion. The experts maintain that forests come under the concurrent list and the state has no powers to take unilateral decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "12271732", "title": "Centre will take call on Telangana: Kiran Kumar Reddy", "text": "ADILABAD: Kiran Kumar Reddy sure knows a thing or two of the heartbeat of Telangana people. Playing to the gallery at an election meeting here on Wednesday, the chief minister said there was no doubt in his mind about the strong Telangana sentiment among the people of the region.He went on to say that both state and central governments were aware of the T-sentiment . In his bid to attract the voters and playing the sentiment card, the CM said the issue of formation of separate Telangana state was very much on the agenda of the Centre. \"It's only a matter of time before the Union government took a decision on the issue,\" he said.Kiran, who came here to campaign for Congress candidate C Ramachandra Reddy, said that he was helpless as it was the responsibility of the central government to take a decision on the contentious issue. \"We will obey the central decision and implement it,\" the CM said.Listing out his government's welfare schemes for the uplift of the poor, Kiran Kumar promised to develop the backward regions in Adilabad in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269298", "title": "Congress deserved to lose: Fernandes Agnelo", "text": "PANAJI: Agnelo Fernandes of the Congress who lost the Calangute seat to the BJP said the Congress party deserved to lose the March 3 assembly elections as it was not sensitive to the sentiments of the people of the state.\"Decisions were taken only after the people came on to the streets,\" Fernandes said, adding that the leaders didn't listen to the voice of the people. He said the defeat of the Congress party was mainly due to corruption, illegal mining, the fiasco over medium of instruction and RP 2021, family raj politics and arrogance.On the issue of medium of instruction, Fernandes said the government took the correct decision to give grants to English medium primary schools respecting the aspirations of parents but it failed the people, despite support from cross section of the society, when the matter reached the court. Ridiculing Congress leaders for blaming the church, the three-time MLA who lost to Michael Lobo of the BJP, said the party didn't listen to the church on various issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12268701", "title": "Beed cops to seek court nod to destroy poppy plants", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Beed police on Wednesday decided to approach the sessions court to seek permission to destroy the 46,605 kg of poppy straws and pods seized recently in raids on illegal poppy fields.The chief judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) of Parli Rohini R Kale on Tuesday refused permission to destroy the seized plants. She said the court didn't have the jurisdiction to allow destruction of the seized material, which was estimated to be worth over Rs 2 crore.Beed superintendent of police Shamrao Dighaokar said, \"We will approach the sessions court on Thursday to challenge the JMFC's order.\" The poppy plants were uprooted in an operation spanning several days and were stocked at the Beed police headquarters, he added.The police have, so far, booked 56 farmers and four traders in this connection. Of them, 36 farmers and four traders were arrested under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act of 1985. The crime branch of the Beed police conducted raids on poppy cultivations that started on February 23 and continued for almost a week in areas spread over 50 acres in Moha, Ghorpad-tanda, Wanjarwadi and Pohner villages under Sirsala police station.Assistant public prosecutor Atul Tandale, who represented the police in the Parli court, said, \"The JMFC has said the authority to destroy poppy stock rests with the Union government. Thus, the court said, it had no jurisdiction to permit destruction of such a large quantity of poppy plants. The court said the Union government would issue a gazette notification in this regard, appoint a competent official to prepare a list of the articles to be destroyed and to supervise the process according to the prevailing guidelines,'' he added.He said that earlier, on February 28, the Parli court had refused permission while directing the police authorities to approach an appropriate court. Accordingly, the police approached the sessions court in Ambajogai. The Ambajogai court had referred the police application back to the Parli court, saying that a committee can be formed to supervise the destruction. On Tuesday, the police application had come up for hearing before the Parli court again.Tandale said he had argued that a big space had to be reserved to stock the 46,605 kg of seized poppy straws and pods at the Beed district police headquarters. The upkeep of the seized material was an expensive affair as special guards had to be appointed to ensure that the material was not stolen and also that the seized material might lose weight, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12273131", "title": "Cable TV operators not to beam entertainment channels", "text": "INDORE: Cable TV operators and multi-system operators in Madhya Pradesh have jointly decided to stop beaming of any entertainment channels from Wednesday night, protesting against the state government decision to levy entertainment tax on them.Briefing newsmen, cable operators &amp; MSOs associations said telecast of all entertainment channels would be stopped while they would continue to beam all other channels including news, sports and others.There are nearly 5000 cable operators in the state and more than 400 MSOs. However, there are only four big MSOs in the state. A total of 30000 people working in the industry are likely to become jobless in case the cable operators shut their shops completely, they claimed.These associations have expressed their deep anguish over the state government's decision to impose entertainment tax on them under the new regime, effective from April last year. First, the state government amended the Act and asked us to pay the tax at the rate of 20% of their turnover as against the earlier existing mark of Rs 20 per connection. In fact, the MSOs had gone to the state high court on the issue only to lose the battle.They cable operators feel that the state government has taken this decision under pressure from DTH players who would likely to gain from this situation.The decision by the cable operators comes at a time when the commercial taxes department is tightening of noose on them. First they raised a demand of Rs 12 crore, which they had submitted when the tax collection was being done by the state excise department.However, a commercial taxes department official summoned MSO authorities and asked them to pay up Rs 5 crore each.Talking to TOI, a senior executive of an MSO, said on request of anonymity \" it's a draconian rule. It will ruin the cable TV and MSO sector in the state. We have no other option but to stop beaming of channels\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270553", "title": "Rail budget leaves users, experts cold in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Railway budget 2012-2013 presented in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi evoked mixed response from trade union representatives, railway officials, experts and common people.A large number of passengers at Patna Junction and Danapur station remained glued to TV sets to watch the telecast of railway budget. Some of them were disappointed as no superfast train like Duronto was given to Bihar, particularly on the Patna-Bangalore, Patna-Delhi, Patna-Pune and Patna-Mumbai routes. A few students were unhappy that railways did not give any concession to students going outside the state to take various examinations. They also did not appreciate the move of railways to hike fare of all classes.Based on the proposed per-km fare hike, the fare for New Delhi from Patna would go up by Rs 300 in AC1, Rs 150 in AC2, Rs 100 in AC3 and Rs 50 in sleeper class respectively, said Asish Ranjan.Reacting to the rail budget, a former technical expert of railways, G N Sahay, said the budget was disappointing in the sense that it failed to provide funds for the Dalmianagar wagon and coupling factory, which was announced in 2008 itself. \"This factory is important for the railways as it would produce high axle load wagons which would be required by the railways for dedicated freight corridor (DFC),\" he said, adding the rail budget has totally ignored Bihar's interest and was silent on the Dehri-Banjari new line project as well.Bihar Daily Passengers Association president B N Sahay, too, was disappointed with the rail budget and described it as anti-Bihar. Instead of releasing funds for the completion of pending projects in Bihar, the railway minister has deliberately sidelined Bihar. Sahay said the rail budget has made no announcement regarding new MEMUs or DEMUs either.Giving vent to their feelings, several South Indians living in Patna said that the rail budget once gain did not consider their genuine demand for extension of the Patna-Ernakulam Express up to Thiruvananthapuram. The demand for increase in the frequency of South-bound train was also ignored in the budget, they said.On the other hand, ECR railway officials hailed the budget, saying it focused more on safety, tracks, signalling, rolling stock and upgradation of stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12276000", "title": "PM to reply to motion of thanks to President's address on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will reply on Monday in the Lok Sabha to the debate on motion of thanks to the President for her address to the joint sitting of Parliament.\"The Prime Minister will reply to the debate on Monday,\" government sources said.Earlier, Singh was expected to reply to the debate on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271142", "title": "Angry students take to vandalism on campus", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a complete state of lawlessness at the Amity University campus along the Jaipur-Delhi highway on the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday as a mob of students vented their anger after one of the students was stabbed to death.Around 200 students gathered at the main building protesting against the pro vice-chancellor for the delay in taking steps to save the life of 21-year-old Prashant Veer who was stabbed by a group of seven students from the same university inside the campus on Tuesday.In a matter of two hours, several portions of the university's swanky buildings were reduced into a pile of glass and debris. The angry students got a free hand in vandalizing as cops play it safe and merely watched from a distance.The mob left not a single glass window of the administration building of the business school building intact. They razed printers, fax machines, chairs, projectors that came in their way. The academy hall was spared as only the speakers and the curtains were destroyed.The protesting students claimed that that they had requested the VC to come out and issue a statement over the incident. \"The V-C make us wait for one-and-half hour outside his office. Despite our repeated request, he didn't come out provoking us to take some extreme steps,\" said students requesting not to be named fearing disciplinary action.Unconfirmed reports said that students have also damaged the VC's car.The hooliganism lasted till the students were tired. In retaliation, the university filed an FIR at Chandwaji police station against the mob for damaging property. \"The FIR has been filed to teach the hooligans a lesson,\" said B N Kaul, pro VC of Amity University.A day after the incident, the students were still raising their concerns on the university's failure to handle emergency situations.Several students staged a demonstration outside the main gate on the national highway number 8 demanding punitive action against the culprits. In the evening, they came to the Statue Circle and hold a candle light march to pay tribute to their departed colleague.Meanwhile, the university has announced that classes for two days were postponed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12271002", "title": "A budget in reverse gear, says Narendra Modi", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Expressing deep dissatisfaction with the railway budget, chief minister Narendra Modi said, \"Instead of providing a helping hand to Gujarat's fast growing economy, the budget seems to have shut down the gates for the state's journey towards development.\"Calling it a \"reverse gear budget of the last century\", Modi further said, \"For the first time, the railway minister has recognized that economic disarray has set in, in the Indian railways. He added, \"Unfortunately, for the last seven years, people were kept in the dark about the realities of the Indian railways.\"Modi characterized as a \"sheer bluff\" the announcement to set up a railway coach factory in Kutch. \"In reality, the plan is to set up a diesel engine spare parts factory in Kutch, though such small auto spare parts companies exist in hundreds in Rajkot\", he said.Modi estimated that by increasing the railway freight by 20 per cent, the people of Gujarat would have to bear an additional burden of Rs 300 crore. \"Railway administration is in such a mess that that the government has admitted it cannot complete 487 projects. Given this situation, how can one expect it to fulfill people's expectations?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269317", "title": "Every govt primary school in Goa is co-ed", "text": "PANAJI: All government primary schools in Goa are co-educational, the 2009-10 report of the human resource development ministry has revealed.Education officials in the state attribute this to a relatively good sex ratio in Goa, which does not require establishment of exclusive girls schools to promote education.Lakshadweep is the only other region in the country where 100% government primary schools offer co-education. But, the union territory has only 44 schools as against Goa's significant 1,038 elementary government schools.According to the report of HRD ministry's National University for Educational Planning and Administration ( NUEPA), nationally, 2.42% of all government elementary schools are exclusively for girls and 1.43% only for boys. But in union territories like Delhi, the percentage of all girls government primary schools is very high at 32.71%, followed by Haryana with 10.22%.Goa's female:male sex ratio stands at 918:1000, which though not impressive, is considered to be among the better sex ratios in the country. There is also no major disparity in male and female enrolment in Goa's schools with the difference being only close to a thousand.\"Goa does not have the kind of male:female disparities found in other states in the country. Also, the central government itself favours co-education in its policies and wants to do away with only girls and boys schools because it is a known fact that it is healthy for girls and boys to grow up in an environment where they are familiarized with individuals of the other sex,\" said education director Anil Powar.Statistician V B Saxena said, \"I firmly believe co-education is essential for all round development of a child.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12269140", "title": "Metro may skip a station to tide over temple hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metro's first line may be built bypassing one of its stations at Subhash Nagar, near Asalpha Village, as a temple is posing hurdle in the construction.Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority(MMRDA) commissioner Rahul Asthana said they were trying to get a clear right of way in the area but the issue is in court. If necessary, the MMRDA might go ahead with the project without completing the station initially and it could be completed later.\"We are tying to sort out the temple issue,\" Asthana said and remarked that the hurdle will not stop work on the Metro project.The first line of Metro, Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar, began without a clear right of way. Most of the problems related to clearing encroachments and buildings along the track have been sorted out except this one temple, Maheshwari Mandir.Trials on the first Metro line are expected to start before the year-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273989", "title": "Maddy, Suriya: Down memory lane", "text": "They might have worked together only in one film, Mani Ratnam's Aayitha Ezhuthu, but Maddy and Suriya are still one of the best friends in K-Town.The fact that Maddy has worked with Suriya's wife Jyothika in a couple of movies has only made the trio's bond stronger. We hear the two make it a point to catch up whenever they are free and in the same city. In fact, Maddy was in Chennai recently, and met the couple for dinner. He wrote on his micro-blogging site, \"Had a fabulous dinner at my dear brother Suriya and Jo's fabulous home in Chennai. It was so nostalgic meeting up with them. Such a lovely family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276767", "title": "Chhattisgarh\u2019s girl hockey player caught travelling without ticket", "text": "BHOPAL: A teenaged girl hockey player was caught travelling without ticket from a train at Bhopal railway station on Wednesday. The police said that Taramali Ekka was caught without ticket from Haridwar Kurla Express.However, when the girl was handed over to the railway police, she revealed that she is a hockey player from Jashpur in Chhattisgarh. She was going back to Jashpur, a tribal dominated district in Chhattisgarh , from Delhi.Quoting the girl, railway police said that Taramali was taken to Delhi by a woman promising to help her play in the Delhi hockey team. The woman allegedly forced her to work as a maid at a home in Delhi. Somehow, she managed to escape from there and was returning to her home in Jashpur but was caught in Bhopal without ticket, the police said quoting the girl. The railway officials said her statement is being verified.Earlier she was not revealing her identity. The police contacted the officials at her native place and got it confirmed, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12277044", "title": "Day-long Statewide Stir Against It On March 17", "text": "BHOPAL: Trader associations will hold a day-long strike across the state on March 17 against the proposed imposition of value added tax (VAT) of 5% on cloth and garment industry from April 1 this year.Raising their demands, a delegation of the industry traders, wholesales and retailers met state finance minister Raghavji in the city on Wednesday. \"The finance minister has not given any assurance to revert the decision. We will first observe a day-long strike. If our demands are not, we will consider going on indefinite strike,\" Sagar-based trader Vineet Talewale told TOI.The traders said none of the bordering states, including UP, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat are imposing VAT on cloth and its products. The produce from Madhya Pradesh would become expensive and uncompetitive, they argued.Federation of Madhya Pradesh chambers of commerce and industry ( FMPCCI) vice-president Govind Goyal said, \"Increase in VAT on clothes as well as sugar would directly affect the consumers and industry.\"The empowered committee of state finance ministers looking into compensating losses on goods and services tax (GST) had recommended increasing VAT on cloth, sugar and bidi. However, Madhya Pradesh is the only state which has levied 5% VAT to make good GST losses. The GST is likely to come into effect from April 2012.\"The increased VAT on cloth will mean nothing. MP will only gain about Rs 100 crore, but loss to the industry would be far more significant,\" said Damoh-based trader Jai Kumar Jain.The 5% VAT on cloth would amount to 0.18% of the total tax revenue projected by the finance minister in this year's state budget, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269365", "title": "Rail Budget: Corporate cloak for railway board", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has announced a slew of measures to restructure the apex Railway Board and give it a more professional and business-oriented outlook. In his budget speech, Trivedi said the board should be restructured along business lines rather than functional lines in sync with corporate objectives.The idea is also to correct the perception that the state transporter was suffering from an \"implementation bug\" as suggested by the Kakodkar committee.\"There is need to infuse larger accountability and its structure must be aligned with organizational objectives. We need a system that delivers\" the minister said. Railways has also decided to set up missions headed by directors in various areas for a three-year term as recommended by an expert panel headed by Sam Pitroda on modernization and resource mobilization.The directors will report to the Railway Board. Each mission would be provided with appropriate budget and operational autonomy. In addition, a high-level committee would be set up to facilitate coordination among the missions, fast-track implementation and declog bottlenecks.The expert panel had recommended implementation of the modernization programme following a 'mission mode' approach, with clear objectives, measurable milestones, tangible deliverables and well defined timelines.The minister also announced induction of two new members - member (safety/research) and member (PPP/marketing) in the Railway Board. \"The new members will be charged with the responsibility of finding ways and means of augmenting resources and providing further focus on safety,\" Trivedi said.The minister also talked about exploring the feasibility of including works tenders within the ambit of e-procurement to infuse transparency and efficiency. Railways has already shifted to e-procurement for purchase of stores in zonal railways.Full coverage:Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12273175", "title": "Asia's biggest desalination plant to come up in Dahej", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: An international consortium, consisting of two Japanese multinational companies (MNCs), Hitachi and Itochu , and a Singaporean enterprise, Hyflux, a leading firm in water management projects, will set up a major desalination plant at Dahej at an estimated cost of Rs 2,000 crore.The desalination plant's capacity would be 75 million gallons per day (MGD), senior government officials told TOI on Wednesday.Earlier, industries minister Saurabh Patel informed the state assembly, \"A major consortium will be signing up an agreement with the state government on March 22 to set up the biggest desalination plant of Asia. To be set up in the Dahej special economic zone (SEZ), it will also provide water to the whole of industrial area of the region.\"The minister suggested, the state government decided to go in for the desalination option after it found that it would not be possible to provide enough water to industry from Narmada. \"The Oil and Natural Gas Commission (ONGC), which is promoting the Petroleum, Chemical and Petrochemical Investment Region (PCPIR) in Dahej, wanted Narmada waters to be provided for the industries to be set up there. However, we have refused,\" he declared.Significantly, the minister's announcement came even as the Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) tied up a few weeks ago with the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) to lay down a 128-km-long pipeline from the Narmada main canal for supplying 50MGD of water to PCPIR. Tenders were proposed to be floated for laying down the pipeline, and the buzz was the project would be implemented this year only.It seems the project has into rough weather. Insiders said officials in the chief minister's office have raised \"serious objection to the project\", calling for details of the project. A top aide of CM Narendra Modi told TOI that if such projects of lifting water from the Narmada canal are taken up, it would create bad precedent. \"It would lead to similar demands from other regions of Gujarat for supplying water to other industrial area,\" the aide insisted. While the future of the pipeline project is not known, initial estimates suggested, it would cost the coffers Rs 450 crore.PCPIR, which is expected to get an investment of Rs 70,000 crore, today requires around 30MGD water, which is likely to go up to 100MGD once it is completed.Before going in for the desalination option, the Gujarat government also closely considered using Narmada waters for PCPIR directly from the river, which is planned to be dammed with a 1,400-metre-long weir.While the construction of the weir, for Rs 2,500 crore, is expected to start in October 2012, officials now believe the waters stored in it may not be available on a permanent basis to the PCPIR as stored Narmada water would be diverted into Gulf of Khambhat via a canal into the proposed Kalpasar reservoir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273625", "title": "Sonu Sood, the new Pran", "text": "Playing the bad guy in Dabangg has worked wonders for Sonu Sood.After being cast as the dreaded gangster Dawood Ibrahim in Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At Wadala, the actor will now be seen as the good hearted crook Pathan Sher Khan, a character immortalised by Pran in the 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer, in the film's remake by Apoorva Lakhia.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Lakhia is keen on casting Sonu as the Pathan in his film.However, when contacted, the director refrained from revealing anything and simply said, \"We are still in the process of casting and I will let you know once everything is confirmed.\"Sood, too, chose not to comment on the same.But a source close to the project revealed that contrary to reports about Sanjay Dutt playing the Pathan, it is actually Sonu Sood who has been approached.\"Sonu has gone through the script. The necessary formalities haven't been completed. He is busy with the remaining portions of an ongoing project. Also, he is shooting for Sanjay Gupta's film,\" the source told Mirror.The film is being produced by late Prakash Mehra's son Amit. Cheeranjeevi's son Ram Charan Tej will be making his Bollywood debut with this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10827194", "title": "Bhoot broke Bollywood rules", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's horror flick Bhoot broke several rules of Bollywood formula films and was nonetheless successful.Along-with being the recent film without any songs, the film started the trend of promotional music video. The movie was only two hours long, it was heroine-centered. The movie was not a love story but a horror flick and still went on to set the box office cash registers ringing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12271000", "title": "World Bank honours IIM-A's idli making graduate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At the Global Youth Conference 2012 of the World Bank, people were moved to tears while listening to the rags to riches story of E Sarath Babu, a graduate of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).Sarath, an entrepreneur, social worker and politician, was among the three youths invited from across the world for the bank's annual event last week, to speak on youth innovation and entrepreneurship. Sarath represented the South Asia region at the conference, which is the flagship event of the World Bank and was telecast in 187 offices of the Bank.\"I could see most people crying by the time I finished my speech. I told the youth present there about how they should take a leadership and entrepreneurship role and create jobs for various sectors. We cannot keep expecting that existing companies will provide us jobs,\" said Sarath.At the end of the conference, three people walked up to him to say that they will start their own ventures now. Among the three was an Ahmedabad girl studying law in the US, who has decided to set up her own NGO in Ahmedabad.Sarath also talked about poverty across third world and developing countries.The theme of this year's conference was Youth Unemployment: Empowering Solutions through Innovation and Inclusion.Sarath was born in a slum area at a suburb in Chennai. With a family of five young children, his mother did various jobs including making idlis, which Sarath used to sell on the streets before going to school daily. After graduating from IIM-A, Sarath refused a tempting package to set up his own catering business.\"Even then I believed that instead of taking up a job, I should start my own company so that I can provide a job to one, who can support four lives. My mother is very happy today that I could reach this level and help people,\" he said.Having known the impact of hunger during his childhood, Sarath started Hunger Free India Foundation in 2010. In the first year, the foundation distributed food to 10,000 people including children from 40 orphanages across India. The foundation celebrates October 10 as Hunger Free Day every year.\"So far, about 8 lakh people have benefited through the foundation, which works towards eradicating hunger. When you are hungry, you do not have any other feeling.This year onwards, we plan to distribute 1 lakh free notebooks to children to motivate them to pursue education,\" said Sarath, who attributes his marketing and management skills to his stint at IIM-A.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12275401", "title": "Right food best way to avoid kidney ailments, say doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Anjana, 35, was leading a normal life. But she started noticing that her body had started swelling. When she consulted the doctor she was told that her kidneys were affected which was leading to swelling.Dr Dilip Chaurasia of MLN Medical College says the main function of the kidneys is to remove excess fluid and waste products from the body through the urine. They also regulate body's potassium and sodium levels as well as pH balance, and produce hormones that affect other organs, including erythropoietin (which stimulates red blood cell production) and renin (which helps blood flow).Since kidneys are a vital body organ, any injury or disease that interferes with its function can be serious. Kidney disease is actually a catch-all term that includes diseases ranging from kidney stones and urinary tract infections to more serious disorders such as glomerulonephritis and polycystic.Although each kidney condition has its own unique characteristics, certain symptoms are associated with the majority of kidney problems, says Dr Arvind Gupta, nephrologist at MLN Medical College.Dr Chaurasia says symptoms of kidney ailment include a frequent urge to urinate, fluid retention resulting into puffiness on face, weight gain, back pain, vomiting, fever, pain, nausea, loss of appetite, and a burning sensation during urination. Both kidneys are usually affected by any kidney disease.If the ability of the kidneys to filter blood is seriously damaged, excess fluid and wastes may build up in the body. This causes symptoms of kidney failure and severe swelling.About prevention and diet to be followed in case of kidney ailment, Dr Chaurasia says one should eat right food and avoid food high in phosphorus, potassium, and sodium. Eating too much protein can also burden the kidneys and speed the progression of CKD. Protein food like meat and dairy products break down into nitrogen and creatinine, waste products that healthy kidneys remove from the blood. Packaged noodles with sauce, frozen vegetables with sauce, canned soup, tomato sauce, fast food should be avoided, he adds.But, the city needs better facilities for kidney care. \"Right from basic instruments needed for performing a simple operation of kidney to kidney transplant, the city lacks in almost all aspects that are vital for kidney patients,\" said a doctor. There is also a need for a state-of-art kidney care centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268345", "title": "Over 4.22 lakh Indians went missing from \u201909 to \u201911", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday said that more than 4.22 lakh people went missing from different parts of the country from 2009 to 2011.MoS for home Jitendra Singh told the Rajya Sabha that as per inputs provided by the National Crime Control Bureau, the total number of missing persons in the country was 1,79,545 (in 2009), 2,03,489 (2010) and 39,806 (2011). He said as per the inputs provided by the Delhi Police, a total of 5,111 children went missing last year of which 3,752 children were traced but another 1,359 are yet to be found.Inform before attaching assets of retd workers, Govt to Lok Sabha : The government on Wednesday informed the Lok Sabha that prosecution agencies will have to obtain authorization from it before attachment of properties of corrupt retired public servants.\"A memorandum dated May 13, 2009 was issued laying down procedure for obtaining authorization of the central government under section 3 of the Criminal Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 1944 for attachment of the money or property procured by corrupt means. Further, clarifications were issued vide office memorandum dated January 19, 2012 clarifying that authorization would also be required in the case of retired public servants,\" the MoS for personnel V Narayanasamy said.Replying to another question on action against government servants, he said the Enforcement Directorate has \"attached properties valued at Rs 368.88 crore approximately till last year under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act where scheduled offences of Prevention of Corruption Act were involved\".\"As far as the CBI is concerned, the authorization for attachment of properties in respect to 20 officials in 20 cases have been received from various departments during the last three years, 2009-February 2012,\" he said.Delhi Police data shows a total of 5,111 children went missing last year of which 3,752 children were traced, while 1,359 are yet to be found", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273760", "title": "An evening with Shaan, Purbayan and Raghab", "text": "Holi over, it was time to celebrate with some music. And all roads led to a city entertainment park recently, where joining Shaan on stage were city musicians Purbayan Chatterjee and Raghab.The evening kicked off with a sitar recital by Purbayan. After the 20-minute long performance, which was well-received by the audience, Raghab took over. \"The theme was Holi and Kolkata was still in a mood to celebrate. I chose songs that had a youth connect,\" said Raghab, who enthralled with his \"Chaand keno\" and \"Tumi nei\", among many others.The loudest cheers were reserved for his \"De ghuma ke\" - the theme song for ICC World Cup 2011. About Shaan, the singer said, \"We are great friends and Shaan took time out before his gig to catch a part of my performance.\"Next, it was time for Shaan to wow all and sundry with his Bollywood smash hits and the singer gave a rocking performance, belting out the popular numbers one after another.Quite an evening to remember!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271131", "title": "Seven held for murder of Amity student", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a BTech student at Amity University, Prashant Veer, was stabbed to death on its campus on the Jaipur-Delhi highway near Kukas, the police claimed that they have cracked the case. Seven students of the same university, who were pursuing various courses, were arrested on charges of murder and criminal conspiracy.Prashant, a student of electronics and communication, was senior to all the arrested students and had a scuffle with them in the afternoon which later became the cause of his killing. In order to take revenge on Prashant, a third year student, seven juniors gathered near the main gate of the university at 9.10 pm on Monday and attacked him.\"All the seven youths have been arrested and booked on charges of murder and criminal conspiracy,\" said Vineet Bansal, additional superintendent of police, Kotputli on Tuesday.He added that all the students in the university are in the age group of 19 to 21 years and are from well to do families.The arrested include one Rahul Singh(21) who was pursuing bachelor's degree in mass communication, Puneet Dalal (19), Anurag Singh (20), Abhimanyu Yadav (19), all three doing LLB, Ajay Singh (20), Saurav Yadav (20), both doing hotel management and Chirag Chetani (19). \"All these students belong to various parts of the country and are from well off families,\" Bansal said.The police have also booked them on charges of ransacking and damaging property of the university.The police officers also reprimanded the University administration since despite a violent scuffle on the campus gate, nobody bothered and intervened on time. \"Had there been guards or other people, it could have been stopped on time and the life of the student would have been saved,\" said a senior police officer.The police officers added that \"revenge\" was the main motive behind the murder. \"We have also recovered a sharp-edged weapon used in the murder from the spot,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276740", "title": "Traders, civic body chief in face-off at workshop", "text": "BHOPAL: The first workshop on zonal action plan by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) witnessed a heated exchange of words between a leader of New Market traders' association and chairperson of BMC council Kailash Mishra.He alleged the BMC officials and people's representatives are responsible for the mess the New Market is in. This angered BMC council chairperson Kailash Mishra triggering a sharp exchange of words followed by commotion. The leader of traders and some other traders of the market later staged a walkout from workshop at Hotel Palash on Wednesday.The AIIMS zonal plan was presented by Prashant Khirwarkar of Mehta and Associates and Avnish Saxena of Architectural Consultancy Services presented the New Market zonal action plan.After the workshop, Mayor Krishna Gaur urged those present to send their suggestions regarding the decongestion of areas in the city. Mohammed Saghir, Leader of Opposition, BMC said a mall should be constructed in the New Market area to remove decongestion. The existing shops should be given space there and basement parking should be developed.Corporator Taslim Wahid Lashkari said better facilities and renovation of rundown shops of New Market should be carried out with multi-level parking. New Market Vyapari Sangh secretary Mukesh Goyal suggested that a welcome gate be constructed. For the AIIMS area, corporator Narayan Singh Pal said adjoining roads should be developed and land use should be transferred to create residential areas in view of increasing population and traffic congestion in the coming times. The zonal action plan included discussion on re-densification of New Market, Jawahar Chowk, South TT Nagar, Malviya Nagar and the area around the upcoming AIIMS, localities near the Inter State Bus Terminus (ISBT), Kasturba Hospital, Shakti Nagar, Saket Nagar, Bagmugaliya, Katara Hills and Bagsewania among others.Mayor Krishna Gaur, BMC council chairperson Kailash Mishra, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava, Additional SP Traffic Monika Shukla, officials of district administration, members of trade associations and others were present at the meet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12269481", "title": "District panchayat members set to tour Kerala, TN", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa zilla panchayat members will be chilling it out at Kerala and Kanyakumari by this month-end.At the general body meeting of the district panchayat body held on Wednesday, the members decided to undertake the annual study tour that has already received the government sanction.It may be noted that the tour was being planned in December 2011, however, as most of the members were already facing the heat of March 2012 assembly elections, the tour was deferred. The tour has now been scheduled from March 28 to 31, as otherwise, with the financial year coming to an end, they would have to forego their annual pleasure jaunt. The tour has been sanctioned 8 lakhs, sources informed.Significantly, a delegation of members from both the district level panchayat bodies-South Goa zilla panchayat and North Goa zilla panchayat, will be meeting the chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday, to place before him their long pending demand for devolution of funds and powers to the zilla panchayats as per the 73rd and 74th amendment of the Constitution. \"Besides, we will also place our demands for more funds for the annual budget of south Goa zilla panchayat for carrying out development works in all constituencies,\" chairperson of South Goa ZP, Maria Rebello, informed.Meanwhile, speaking to TOI, Rebello dismissed all talk of change of guard in the zilla panchayat. \"The opposition may say anything. But so long as I enjoy the confidence of all the members, I will continue in office,\" Rebello said. She however acknowledged that there was an understanding that she would step down on her completion of two years as chairperson to make way for another member to head the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12270997", "title": "School rage: Teen slaps principal", "text": "MUMBAI: A class IX student of St Elias High School in Khar (west) verbally abused and then slapped his principal on Monday after she scolded him for disturbing other students during a school examination. The incident occurred at 9:15am, when the 15-year-old schoolboy, who resides at Khar Danda, was asked to leave the class during the algebra exam.\"The school was conducting the final exams. The three-hour exam started at 7am. This student had finished answering the questions at 9.15am and started disturbing other students. I then asked him to leave the class. He called me some bad words and slapped me,'' the principal said. TOI has decided to withhold their identities.Earlier in February, a class IX student in Chennai allegedly killed his teacher of St Mary's Anglo-Indian School after the school sent adverse reports to his parents.The St Elias High School principal lodged a complaint with the Khar police station but said she did not wish to pursue it. \"For my safety, I made a police complaint in Khar but I have told not to take action against the child.He is under the influence of alcohol and drugs. We will have to counsel him. He hit me but I brought him back to school. But he did not appear for the exam on Wednesday,\" the principal said. She said the school was keen on reforming the boy.\"We do not want him to become a boisterous person later. He should be useful to society,\" the principal said. The student has a past record of being a wayward, problem child, but the school did not expel the boy as it wanted to provide him with a chance to reform . \"I have been counselling him for about a year. He is short-tempered and did not regret his action,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12276722", "title": "Cable TV operators unplug entertainment channels", "text": "INDORE: Cable TV operators and multi-system operators in Madhya Pradesh have jointly decided to stop beaming of any entertainment channels from Wednesday night, protesting against the state government decision to levy entertainment tax on them.Briefing newsmen, cable operators &amp; MSOs associations said telecast of all entertainment channels would be stopped while they would continue to beam all other channels including news, sports and others.There are nearly 5000 cable operators in the state and more than 400 MSOs. However, there are only four big MSOs in the state. A total of 30000 people working in the industry are likely to become jobless in case the cable operators shut their shops completely, they claimed.These associations have expressed their deep anguish over the state government's decision to impose entertainment tax on them under the new regime, effective from April last year. First, the state government amended the Act and asked us to pay the tax at the rate of 20% of their turnover as against the earlier existing mark of Rs 20 per connection. In fact, the MSOs had gone to the state high court on the issue only to lose the battle.They cable operators feel that the state government has taken this decision under pressure from DTH players who would likely to gain from this situation.The decision by the cable operators comes at a time when the commercial taxes department is tightening of noose on them. First they raised a demand of Rs 12 crore, which they had submitted when the tax collection was being done by the state excise department.However, a commercial taxes department official summoned MSO authorities and asked them to pay up Rs 5 crore each.Talking to TOI, a senior executive of an MSO, said on request of anonymity \" it's a draconian rule. It will ruin the cable TV and MSO sector in the state. We have no other option but to stop beaming of channels\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12275169", "title": "Philatelist gets stamp with her photograph printed on it", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalorean philatelist Vidya Baglodi, who owns a vast collection of rare stamps and coins, will soon be able to add a stamp with her own picture printed on it, to her valuable stock. Thanks to India Post's My Stamp initiative under which stamps with photographs of citizens are issued, Vidya will soon get a set of 12 stamps with her own photo on it. Her husband Kishore Baglodi and daughter Bhavana Baglodi too will receive the stamps under the scheme by the end of this month.Vidya came to know about the scheme while participating in a philatelic Eexhibition. Vidya told TOI that one can select stamps with themes like Panchatantra, Taj Mahal, astrological science, wildlife, aircraft and Children's Day under the scheme. \"People have to choose any one of the themes to get a stamp under My Stamp. One has to send a postal order or electronic money order of Rs 300 along with a passport size photograph to get a set of My Stamps. The stamp will be divided into two parts. While the photo of the applicant will be seen on one side, the theme will be printed on other side,\" she explained.\"I have chosen a wildlife theme for the stamp, while my husband and daughter have selected aircraft and zodiac sign Pisces respectively. President Pratibha Patil received the first My Stamp with her photo on one side and her zodiac sign Virgo on the other side,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12268257", "title": "Trinamool Congress amendment to NCTC in Lok Sabha rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under fire from both its major allies Trinamool Congress and DMK, the Union government was saved some blushes on Wednesday after a TMC move to push for an amendment in the President's address on the NCTC issue in the Lok Sabha was rejected on technical grounds.The amendment moved by Trinamool chief whip in the Lok Sabha Kalyan Banerjee on Tuesday had sought deletion of the reference to the controversial National Counter Terrorism Centre, which West Bengal CM Mamta Banerjee and other non-Congress CMs like Nitish Kumar and Naveen Patnaik contend impinges on the country's federal structure, in the President's address.Parliament sources said the move was rejected since amendments were generally for or against passing the motion of thanks to the President and not \"for deletion of this or that para''.While around 2,700 amendments to the President's address to Parliament were submitted in both Houses in a bid to corner the government on issues like NCTC, federalism and corruption, government sources said that even if any of them is passed, it could at best be an embarrassment for the ruling coalition.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal dismissed any threat to the government on any issue, holding that it had the required numbers. \"The government has got a mandate for five years. It has the total numbers that is required. There is no threat,\" he said, replying to a number of questions including whether the UPA coalition will face problems if BSP and SP fail to support it.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will be replying to the discussion in the Lok Sabha on the motion of thanks to the President on Thursday, following which it will be put to vote.In the Rajya Sabha, many of the 604 amendments sought in the President's address came a cropper since MPs like Ram Jethmalani , N K Singh, V Maitreyan and Kanimozhi, among others, were not present in the House when the motion was taken up. The House will debate the motion on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "12271189", "title": "HC reserves verdict in Modi case", "text": "JAIPUR : The Rajasthan High Court on Wednesday reserved its verdict on the alleged role of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi in the criminal defamation of the country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru .Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma will pronounce a detailed order as to whether the criminal court at Bundi in Rajasthan can initiate prosecution against Modi under sections 499 and 500 of the IPC for allegedly defaming Nehru in his speech.The judgment has been reserved after hearing a petition filed by Charmesh Sharma, a member of the Youth Congress wing in Bundi.Modi is alleged to have made a statement \"Pt. Nehru has done nothing for children\" which was reported in the media, including TV channels. Both the Chief Judicial magistrate and the Additional Sessions Judge Bundi had earlier dismissed the plea of the complainant that Modi had committed any offence of criminal defamation under Section 500 of the IPC with his statement.The trial courts were of the consensus view that the courts have no jurisdiction to commit a person for trail for criminal defamation under Section 500 of the IPC as neither the words were spoken nor any consequence of that has ensued in the jurisdiction of the courts in Bundi.It was contended in the high court on behalf of Modi that no action against Modi can ensue in Rajasthan for want of jurisdiction as also the complainant is not competent under Section 199 of the CrPC to file the complaint of defamation of Nehru for the simple reason that the law provides that only the \"person aggrieved\" can file a complaint. In the current case, only Nehru's relatives are competent to file complaint but no such complaint has been filed so far. After hearing the rival contentions, the court reserved its judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270342", "title": "Robbers slit woman\u2019s throat in shop in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Two robbers slit the throat of a 51-year-old woman in a store that she and her husband own on Manali Salai in Korukkupet on Wednesday and made away with 11.5 sovereigns of gold jewellery that she was wearing. She was rushed to hospital and is recovering. The police said another shopkeeper found G Rani on the floor of her store, unconscious and bleeding heavily.The police rushed Rani to a hospital on Greams Road in Thousand Lights. Her condition is said to be serious but stable. Shopkeepers in the neighbourhood told the police that they saw two men arrive on a motorbike and enter the store at 11am. According to their account, one of the men waited outside the store, while the other person entered the shop. He came out of the store after a few minutes and the duo rode away. According to the police, Rani's husband Ganapathy said at least 11.5 sovereigns of gold jewellery that she was wearing was missing after the robbery.The store is only 50 metres from the RK Nagar police station. \"Ganapathy and his wife have been running the store selling knick-knacks for 20 years,\" a police officer said. \"The couple lives in a house in Tiruvalluvar Nagar in Korukkupet.\" Rani was a friendly person and would chat with neighbouring shopkeepers whenever she was free, the police said. Poornima, who runs a shop nearby, said Rani came to her store at 10am as usual on Wednesday but did not emerge for over an hour.\"When I stepped into the shop, I found her lying in a pool of blood. I immediately informed the police.\" Several shopkeepers closed their shutters after the incident. The police registered a case of attempt to murder. \"There was no CCTV camera in the shop. Most of the shops nearby also do not have cameras,\" a police officer said. \"After Rani regains consciousness, we will question her about the robbers. If shopkeeper had found her any later, she may have bled to death. But Rani was taken to hospital in time and doctors said she is recovering,\" the officer said. Two special police teams are probing the robbery, Washermenpet deputy commissioner of police (in charge) S Lakshmi told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269695", "title": "Failed Panaji transformer to be replaced with new one today", "text": "PANAJI: A 28-year-old transformer at the Altinho substation collapsed this week leading to disruption in power supply in several parts of Panaji .The transformer of 6.3MVA capacity had failed on the night of March 12 affecting power supply to around almost 25% of the capital city since.The electricity department personnel have now procured a new transformer for the Altinho substation and the process of installing the new transformer is on. The transformer will be commissioned on March 15.The Altinho substation is now borrowing power from the Campal and EDC transformers. Electricity department personnel said that it helped that the weather conditions were in their favour.\"As the summer heat is yet to set in, the weather is quite cool especially during the nights. This meant that fewer air-conditioners and other such equipment used for beating the heat were used. So we were able to manage from the power we borrowed from Campal and EDC transformers to keep going till the new transformer is installed,\" electricity department workers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275390", "title": "'Bumboo' is an intelligent comedy: Jagdish Rajpurohit", "text": "Director Jagdish Rajpurohit says his film, an adaptation of Francis Veber's French film \" L'emmerdeur\", is a slice of life film with great comic moments.Rajpurohit, who is making his Bollywood debut with comedy \" Bumboo\", said that the film, which will hit theatres on March 30, will be appreciated by the Indian audience too.\"I was flying from Mumbai to Paris few years ago and I watched the film on board and I decided to make a Hindi adaptation of this great film. Unlike our slapstick comedies, this film has got some intelligent moments and great dialogues,\" he told PTI.The small-budget film that stars Kavin Dave, Sanjay Mishra and Sudhir Pandey in the prominent roles, revolves around the various circumstances in one's life that make it more beautiful.The filmmaker, who started his career with hard hitting plays and worked with late theatre playwright Satyadev Dubey, said his film does not need superstars.\"My film is not a formula based one rather it's a slice of life film. So, I needed people who could act and deliver dialogue. It's a dialogue based comedy and I feel Sanjay and Sudhir are best names in it,\" he said.Before the release of his debut film, Rajpurohit has already started working on his forthcoming project which will be based on custodial death.\"I am basically a storyteller and through my stories I want to make people aware of many serious issues. India is the country which faces the highest custodial deaths and I am currently working on the script,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270547", "title": "JNNURM stuck in quagmire of red-tape", "text": "NAGPUR: Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) was launched by the central government to upgrade infrastructure in the rapidly growing cities. But like most other projects, it has sunk into a quagmire of red-tape.Nagpur had got a fair share of JNNURM projects. Had they been completed even one year behind schedule, the city's infrastructure would have been an object of envy. However, most projects are incomplete and there's no knowing when they will be commissioned.Only a few projects directly impacting citizens have been completed as yet. These include the Kalamna railway overbridge, Kanhan water treatment plant (WTP) augmentation from 120 MLD to 240 MLD, and expansion and upgradation of water supply distribution network. Some other projects, that are not apparent to the common man, are water leak detection, water audit and energy audit.However, the success stories are few. The list of pending projects in longer. Maskasath RoB has been scrapped, work on recycle and reuse of water is yet to begin and many others are in various stages of completion.In the case of public transport, NMC received its share of funds from the central government but most of it was wasted due to the apathy of the civic body and the state government. The Centre had provided 240 city buses to NMC but they gathered dust for months before they were put to use by NMC's private operator. The state government has been steadfastly refusing to hand over the city bus stand to NMC, which has left the entire bus service in a mess.There are many projects which are three or four years behind schedule and crucial for the development of the city, including Ramjhoola railway over bridge (RoB), Mangalwari RoB, Itwari RoB, Anand Talkies railway underbridge (RuB), Pench IV water supply project and implementation of 24X7 water supply project.One of the major reasons for non-completion of these projects has been huge cost overruns. NMC took its own time submitting proposals and then JNNURM steering committee also cleared the projects at a snail's pace. In the meantime, cost of steel, cement and other construction materials had shot up sharply. So, when the projects were finally sanctioned, cost had increased by 30 to 40%.As per JNNURM norms any cost escalation has to borne by the concerned civic agency. NMC's effective share in the cost increased from 30% to over 50%. The civic agency tried various sources of funding but the cost of projects has only increased over the years.NMC may only be partially at fault in this regard. However, there is no excuse when it comes to carrying out reforms required to avail JNNURM funds. The central government wants the civic agencies to provide services to citizens on no-profit no-loss basis. This is necessary since the civic agency has pay off the loans taken for the JNNURM projects.However, NMC did not do much to increase revenue mainly due to three reasons: corporators opposing any increase in taxes, no increase in tax recovery at existing rates due to callous attitude of NMC staffers, and tax evasion in connivance with NMC employees.Similarly, NMC's experience with e-governance was nothing to write home about. Many staffers simply refused to cooperate as it would reduce their chances of demanding gratification.ProblemsProjects sanctioned at snail's pace, led to increase in cost.Hike in cement and steel prices put burden on local bodies which had to bear cost escalation.Central agencies like Indian Railways callous in clearing railway over bridges and underbridges.Many project delayed due to land acquisition problems.State government did not hand over Mor Bhavan bus stand for city bus operations.SolutionsSet time frame for civic agencies to send proposal and the centre to clearing them.Central and state governments must share cost of price escalation if civic body is not at fault.Time frame should be set for railways and other agencies to clear projects.Local politicians should take up issues with concerned central and state agency.NTPC-like model for acquiring land, with encroachers being evicted in larger interest of city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268950", "title": "National Insurance Academy records 100% placement", "text": "PUNE: The country's premier insurance training institution, the National Insurance Academy (NIA) here has recorded 100% placement of students from its post-graduate diploma in management (PGDM) batch of 2010-12.In all, 25 public as well as private sector insurance companies and information technology firms participated in the five-day campus placement activity, said NIA's senior administrative officer Suhas B Jog on Wednesday.\"The highest package offered was Rs 10.5 lakh per annum while the average pay package was Rs 6.2 lakh per annum,\" he said. Some of the major recruiters included SBI Life Insurance; SBI General Insurance; Bajaj Life Insurance; Bajaj General Insurance, D E Shaw, Cognizant, Accenture, BAI Co of Mauritius, Aelins of Malaysia, Infosys, HDFC Standard Life and IFFCO Tokio General Insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12268976", "title": "Police suspect criminal was killed to avenge murder of gangster Khada Wadim", "text": "PUNE: The Kondhwa police on Wednesday said Anwar Rahim Shaikh alias Nava (47), a criminal on police record and a member of the late Feroz Bangali gang, had been shot dead to avenge the murder of gangster Wasim Rafique Shaikh alias Khada Wasim in 2011.Shaikh, the main suspect in Khada's murder, was shot dead near Jyoti restaurant at Kondhwa around 11 pm on Tuesday.He and his wife Parveen (47) were in a Santro car when they were intercepted by assailants in a car and on a motorcycle. Police officials involved in the probe said the assailants dragged Shaikh out of the vehicle, attacked him with weapons and fled after opening fire. Shaikh died instantly before he could be given medical aid.Senior police inspector Prasad Hasabnis of the Kondhwa police station said Shaikh had 27 cases registered against him at various police stations in the city between 1978 and 2011. He had been acquitted in some cases but others were pending in the courts. After Khada's murder, Shaikh had gone absconding. Later, he had obtained interim anticipatory bail from the district and sessions court.The police suspect Shaikh was killed by gang members belonging to the rival Khada faction.\"We are trying to identify witnesses and are checking up on criminals who might have had some rivalry with Shaikh to determine the real motive behind the murder. The victim died due to multiple injuries. We have recovered one live bullet and two empty shells from the spot,\" Hasabnis stated.The TOI reporter who visited the crime scene found that the windscreen and window panes of the car had been damaged with stones. The front seats were soaked with blood. Two large stones were below the car covered in blood. A press sticker was pasted at the front and rear of the car. An identity card of a local weekly newspaper issued in the name of Shaikh and his cellphone were seized.The shootout had thrown vehicular traffic on the Kondhwa road out of gear, but it was cleared after some time. The police prepared a 'spot panchanama' of the incident and collected blood samples, stones and glass pieces as evidence from the spot.Anwar Badruddin Shaikh (50) of Kondhwa, one of the 11 suspects named in a complaint lodged by Shaikh's wife, has been arrested under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Arms Act.The police have launched a hunt for the remaining suspects Matin Shaikh, Nazir Sayyed (who opened fire), Rafique Shaikh, Mohsin Shaikh, Imran Shaikh, Shanawaz Shaikh, Atul Pawar, Munir Sayyed, Zubair Shaikh and Tousif Shaikh.Khada, a criminal on police record, had been attacked and killed by around 12 people at Kate chawl in Kondhwa on May 15, 2011. The Haveli police had filed a chargesheet against 10 suspects. Shaikh and his brother Rafique alias Paa Abdul Rahim Shaikh had been shown as absconding suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270942", "title": "Be kind to cattle, says HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has called for better treatment to cattle, and this time the advice is for cattle-pounds and authorities. The court has taken a serious note of cattle dying in panjrapoles and directed that they should be treated there with \"compassion\"A bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala has issued instructions to all district magistrates to strictly follow the Animal Tresspass Act in order to deal with cattle nuisance on road. However, in curbing menace of cattle straying on public roads, animal rights should not be overlooked.The high court issued five directions to authorities in response to a PIL filed by Mahisagar Mataji Samaj Seva Trust of Vadodara, wherein the petitioner had complained that the civic body did not return impounded cattle even after payment of fine on various pretexts. The judges passed an order that the authorities must release the livestock at the payment of fine, and must not hesitate to impound, if cattle is found again straying on public roads.HC insisted that no stray cattle should be found on road in order to curb pubic nuisance, but not at the expense of animal rights. \"It is always open to curb the menance... but the authorities are expected and are duty-bound to treat such cattle with compassion even while keeping them at cattle pound or at panjrapole...Because over a period of time many cases have come to our notice that once cattle goes to a cattle-pond or a panjrapole, it is made to suffer and ultimately dies. Many cases have been reported where out of hundreds of seized cattle, hardly one remains alive.The only reply to this so far has been that the cattle died due to some disease,\" HC observed while issuing clear directions for better up keep of cattle.A decade ago, a division bench in HC had formed a committee to propose measures to curb the menace of stray cattle on city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12271350", "title": "2 Punjab agricultural university scholars get INSPIRE fellowship", "text": "LUDHIANA: Navprabhjot Kaur and Aparna Sabharwal, PhD students of Punjab Agricultural University's (PAU) microbiology department and gold medalists, have been bestowed the INSPIRE (Innovation Science Pursuit for Inspired Research) fellowship by the science and technology ministry. Head of the microbiology department Maninder Arora said the fellowship is of Rs 1,92,000 a year and a contingency grant of Rs 20,000 each year for five years.Navprabhjot, a hosteller who is in the third semester of PhD, said she had applied for the fellowship at the last moment but was confident about getting it. \"Those who screened my project were impressed by it and selected me provisionally before seeing my academic performance. My project is related to plants and soils and I want to patent some of my research,\" she said.Aparna, who is also a hosteller, said she is elated about getting the fellowship. \"Navprabhjot and I are good friends and it is great that we have got the fellowship together. My aim is to become a professor in PAU and one day teach in the same classroom where I was studying. Such fellowships work as a morale booster. I will work even harder from now on,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271550", "title": "VS Achuthanandan slams Antony", "text": "KOCHI: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan hit out at Union defence minister A K Antony for his silence on issues like 2G, Bofors and Adarsh scams at a programme organized by the Ernakulam Press Club here on Wednesday.Despite being a close confidant of Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi , Antony, the 'mauni baba', preferred to remain a mute spectator when these scams rocked the country, the LDF leader said.\"The Defence Ministry imported airplanes for Indian Air Force from France and there were irregularities to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore in this deal. And also, while addressing the voters in Piravom constituency, Antony did not express his views on Mullaperiyar and the inter-state river linking project,\" VS said.Though there were six ministers, including Antony, representing Kerala in the Union cabinet, their stand on Mullaperiyar issue supported Tamil Nadu , Achuthanandan said.The opposition leader's criticism came a day after Antony had remarked that the power LDF got during the previous assembly polls was like a garland in the hands of a monkey.The LDF leader said the defence minister, while he said that, might have had in mind the Union government headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .In the recent assembly elections, Congress failed even in constituencies like Amethi and Rae Bareli, their traditional strong holds, VS said.On the derogatory remark made by government chief whip P C George, the opposition leader said that George might have had his father in mind when he made that statement.Regarding flouting of rules in getting his son V A Arun Kumar appointed as head of a state-run institution during his tenure as chief minister, Achuthanandan said, \"Initially there were 12 allegations and later the number got reduced to two\".\"Regarding allegations on M A Baby's and my involvement, you can go through the report submitted by the assembly sub-committee. I have written in the file that the next ministry will take a decision on the matter,\" VS said.The opposition leader also hit out at chief minister Oommen Chandy , reminding him that late T M Jacob had made allegations against him in the assembly. An account for Kochi Metro rail was opened in a bank in Kollam to protect the interests of Oommen Chandy's nephew, Achuthanandan said.On the party machinery's failure to keep tab on the activities of its members, he admitted that it had gone wrong at Neyyatinkara constituency. \"We admit our inefficiency,\" he said. Regarding his statement on Sindhu Joy, he said the media had misquoted him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12270009", "title": "You got trash? We got bins: MCG", "text": "GURGAON: The city is soon going to get rid of its overflowing garbage mess, thanks to the civic body's plan to install 127 new dustbins in different areas in the city. While 24 dustbins will be permanent, 103 of these will be made of iron, kept at different places. All these dustbins will be covered and manned by a sweeper each.The MCG has started the process of identifying the areas at which these dustbins are to be installed. Till now, garbage disposal in the city is in a very dismal state. There are very few dustbins in Gurgaon, and none of these are manned by sweepers. Also, the dustbins have no cover and are overflowing with garbage most of the time. Residents have long been complaining of the stink and mess, requesting the MCG to do something in this regard.A meeting in this regard was held between joint municipal commissioner Anju Chaudhry, medical officer Aruna Sangwan, senior sanitation inspector Vijendra Sharma and sanitation inspector Harish Mehta.Besides asking the officials to earmark places where the dustbins are to be kept, Chaudhry asked them to expedite the process. Sharma said, \"The sweepers will ensure that garbage is dumped in the dustbin and not on the ground.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12273330", "title": "New iPad: Knowing the screen &amp; battery", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Let's get right to the point: If you don't already have an iPad, chances are you'll be very happy with the third-generation model that goes on sale Friday. If you already have an iPad 2, there's little need to upgrade.It isn't that the new iPad lacks impressive features --most notably, a vastly better display and an ultra-fast Internet-connection option. It's just that it seems designed to maintain Apple's huge lead in the tablet wars, rather than to extend it.The closest parallel might be the iPhone 4S, a similarly incremental updating of its predecessor. The 4S, though, had one genuinely breakthrough feature: Siri, the voice-based personal assistant. For all its improvements, there's no comparable innovation in this year's iPad.The new tablet, which Apple is just calling \"the iPad,\" is in many ways indistinguishable from its predecessor, the iPad 2. The pricing is unchanged, ranging from $499 to $829, depending on storage capacity and network options. It's a wee bit thicker -- two-hundredths of an inch -- and less than two ounces heavier. Otherwise, it's the same height and width, with the same-sized 9.7-inch screen.Sweet pixelsBut oh, what a screen. For this new edition, Apple has replaced the previous, perfectly nice one with the same so- called Retina Display it introduced on the iPhone 4. The new screen provides 2048 x 1536 resolution , which is to say four times the number of pixels of the old one, and more even than a high-definition TV set.While the Retina Display on the iPhone wasn't an earth- shaking advance, the impact is far more evident on the iPad's greater real estate. Even the text in an e-book is crisper, high-def video is sharper and photos are crystal clear.The visual improvements extend to newly enhanced graphics processing as well as a better photographic experience. Apple junked the iPad 2's primitive rear-facing camera in favor of a new one with a five-megapixel sensor, plus optics and features borrowed from the iPhone 4S that include image stabilization and the ability to shoot full high-def video. And it's introducing a $4.99 iPad version of its popular iPhoto Mac app that, combined with the stunning screen, makes editing and sharing photos a pleasure.Charged upIn a week of using the new model, I found battery life to be quite comparable to the iPad 2. That doesn't sound like big news -- but it is. That's because the new edition introduces support for the power-hungry 4G data networks known as LTE that are being rolled out in the US by Verizon (VZ) Wireless and AT&amp;T.;Especially in these early days, when the networks aren't crowded, LTE can deliver thunderous performance. On my test model, which runs on the AT&T; network, I've clocked speeds over 40 megabits per second, which is faster than most home cable- modem connections.Apple says the iPad provides up to 10 hours of use over Wi- Fi, and nine hours on a cellular network. Based on my tests, that may actually be a little conservative. After near-constant LTE use, including Web surfing and an hour or two of streamed video, I still had power to spare at the end of the day.With battery life no longer a concern, the principal issues around LTE involve price and coverage. An LTE-equipped iPad costs $130 more than the Wi-Fi-only one, and data plans, which vary by carrier, range from $15 to $50 a month. (No long-term contract is needed.) Moreover, LTE is so fast you may find yourself consuming more data than you're used to.you can buy.When the company launched the iPad 2 a year ago, it was remarkable how few changes were needed to keep it the No. 1 tablet. Since then, devices running Google's Android operating system have flooded the market, while Microsoft is poised to introduce a new generation of competitors running the next version of Windows. Yet once again, Apple has -- with a minimum of effort -- lapped the field.- By Rich Jaroslovsky", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12273198", "title": "Govt peon 'possesses' property worth 70 lakhs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A peon working with the state government has come under vigilance scanner for allegedly possessing \"ill-gotten\" wealth.Acting on a tip-off, sleuths of the anti-graft wing on Wednesday raided the house of Prahalad Swain, a peon at the camp office of member, board of revenue, here, suspecting that he possessed assets disproportionate to his known source of income.Till evening, vigilance employees had calculated his assets, both movable and immovable, to the tune of nearly Rs 70 lakh. Swain owns a three-storeyed building in Samantarapur area here. \"We found nearly Rs five lakh cash and jewellery from his house. We are valuating his bank deposits and other assets,\" vigilance SP Amrita Das said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273238", "title": "I'm going to be a Parliamentarian: Rakhi Sawant", "text": "You have to give it to item gal Rakhi Sawant! The lady sure has a panache for making headlines. This time, she has created a furore in the twitterdom thanks to her visit to the Lok Sabha on the opening day of the Budget Session.While, the twitterati is making all kinds of comments, Rakhi says, \"I'm in no mood to take cognizance of these childish talks that people are indulging in. They will shut up when I prove my mettle at the right time!\" So, folks, check out the ambitious plans of the B'town babe...'My mission!'Gently prod her about the reason behind this visit to power corridors of Delhi, and Rakhi replies rather mysteriously: \"I was on a mission! I had gone to see the door through which I have to officially enter one day! After all, I'm going to be a Parliamentarian. I have been getting a lot of feelers, but right now I can't divulge any details. On Monday, I had gone there as a common man, to see how our elected representatives work and conduct themselves.\"All for womenShe may not reveal the nitty-gritty of her political game plan, but Rakhi readily informs: \"I requested many senior members of the Lok Sabha to seek relief for women and the common man of India. Tax relief and more affordable kitchen utility items will go a long way in easing the burden of the common man, and I voiced these concerns in front of the Parliamentarians.\"'Sonia's my ideal!'Ask her the names of those Parliamentarians, who gave her a patient hearing, and Rakhi again goes in a diplomatic mode, saying, \"I've been specifically asked not to give these details.\" But, you can easily glean her leanings, when she adds, going gushy: \"I admire Sonia Gandhi and all that she stands for! she's my ideal! I can do anything for her! And whatever people may say, I feel the woman, who has lost her husband at the altar of duty, deserves to rule the nation!\"'My feelings for Rahul'And what does she feel about Sonia's son Rahul Gandhi , for whom Rakhi had expressed her love, not so long ago? \"My feelings for Rahul will never change! I bond very deeply with him, but this is not the right time to talk about love,\" says she, showcasing a maturity seldom seen in her.Dressed like a netaAnd did Rahul baba and the Parliamentarians go gaga over her oomphy persona? She says: \"Rahul wasn't there! And I had not dressed glamorously at all for the visit. In fact, I dressed just like a young neta, in a white kurta and jeans!\"Twitterati's Rakhism@rvaidya2000 MP's Demand of the day -Rakhi Sawant for President and Poonam Pandey for VP- this will prevent atleast RS members watching Porn @JaySWalia Sharad Pawar Faints in Lok Sabha. I Think he is not able 2 Forget Yesterday's visit of Rakhi Sawant in Parliament...dats why he Fainted Arjun ? @sk631 Cong is planning to tie the knot between Rakhi Sawant &amp; Raul Budhu, this will kill many birds vth one stone @milindmehta Rakhi Sawant was in parliament today. Some MPs looked down on their trousers and said \"Baith Jaiye\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12270773", "title": "Spurious soft drink unit busted", "text": "MADURAI: City police have arrested three persons for running a spurious soft drink company and sealed the unit on Wednesday.The accused, Sankarapandian (44) from Mela Anupanadi and his accomplices Narayanan (40) and Saravanan (33) had faked Torino brand with the duplicate soft drinks prepared in their unit at Munichalai.Narayanan was running a soda company for many years and Sankarapandian a sub-dealer for Torino. Police investigation revealed that Sankarapandian got acquainted with Narayanan before two years and the two came out with a plan of preparing fake soft drinks.Saravanan joined them by manufacturing fake corks for the bottles. With the help of Sankarapandian, they managed to get the empty bottles from Torino Company. They used to prepare the soft drink in their unit and brand it as Torino by filling the contents in the company bottles and the cork prepared by Saravanan.When the racks used to come from Torino, the trio replaced the original soft drinks with the duplicate stuff and then supplied them to a number of shops. The gang had run their unit for two years successfully by operating in this manner.Meanwhile, the main dealer, Karupiah (66) from Puduvilankudi suspected some foul play as the sales were going down and preferred a complaint with the Vilakuthoon police. Based on his complaint, police began an investigation and cornered Sankarapandian. Based on the information given by him, they conducted a sudden raid where the police found the ingredients for the soft drink, bottles and other equipment in the unit.A police official said that they were surprised to see the similarity between the original and the duplicate. The culprits have mastered the making of the drink over the period, he said. Police sealed the unit and seized the materials from the accused. The three were arrested and remanded in judicial custody, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12274163", "title": "Class XII student killed in accident", "text": "BOKARO: Nilabh, a Class XII student of Delhi Public School (DPS), was killed while his friend Dhalendu Pandey was critically injured after being hit by an unidentified SUV while they were riding a two-wheeler near Sector IV-G on Wednesday.Sector IV police station OC Surender Kumar said that Nilabh was riding the vehicle when the SUV hit them badly. Local residents rushed them to Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) where Nilabh died after a few hours while Pandey is battling for his life. His condition is said to be critical.They both were taking their Class XII board examinations. Nilabh belongs to Ara of Bihar while Pandey is a resident of Deoghar. They both reside in Sector-IV of the town for studies. The parents of the deceased took Nilabh's body to Ara to perform last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12274154", "title": "Ranchi division tops list of commercial tax collection", "text": "BOKARO: The Ranchi division of the state commercial tax department has collected Rs 2,500 crore, while the Jamshedpur division Rs 1,800 crore and Dhanbad division comprising Bokaro circle Rs 900 crore. The state department had set a collection target of Rs 6,000 crore in this financial year.State commercial tax secretary Alka Tiwari on Wednesday reviewed the collection status of Dhanbad, Hazaribagh and Dumka divisions in a meeting with senior officials of the department here. She gave several directions to the officers for achieving the target with only a few days left for the financial year.\"We are hopeful of achieving the target of Rs 6,000 crore in this fiscal year,\" Tiwari said after the meeting.In Dhanbad division, which includes four circles, the Bokaro circle has been marked to collect Rs 463 crore this year. However, the Bokaro circle, which had deposited Rs 328.83 crore to the state exchequer in last financial year, is lagging far behind its target this year and had collected Rs 230 crore till February. To achieve the target, Tiwari found the Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) to be a good option.The BSL is the highest tax payer to the state in the Dhanbad, Hazaribagh and Dumka divisions. In 2010-11, the company had paid commercial tax of Rs 96 crore to the state and till March 15 this year it had paid Rs 53 crore to the commercial tax department. Sources said Tiwari had asked the BSL management for advance tax payment of Rs 150 crore in a meeting with senior officials of the company to achieve the target of the Bokaro circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275308", "title": "Milan Luthria set to explore new Akshay Kumar", "text": "After changing Vidya Balan's picture perfect image in \" The Dirty Picture \", director Milan Luthria is planning to explore the dark, subtle side of Akshay Kumar in his much anticipated sequel of \" Once Upon a Time In Mumbaai\".The director, who loves to cast his actors against their popular image, is looking forward to score a hattrick with the film, which begins shooting in July. \"The whole idea is to pick up a challenge. I want to catch the certain dark, emotional and subtle style of Akshay which I feel has not been explored much. When you present such a big star in a different way it adds a lot of intrigue for his fans,\" Luthria told PTI in an interview.Akshay too is looking forward to the action film, which will be a change for him after a spate of comedies.The director says that though he takes inspiration from the era when gangsters ruled Mumbai, his film is not about Dawood Ibrahim or Chhota Shakeel.It is, as he puts it, \"large doses of fiction\" which touches upon issues that remind people of that era. He prefers to call his film \"a love triangle\". \"I would not call it a gangster film at all. It is about people from underworld who have high sense of drama and lead high voltage life. It is actually more of a love triangle in the tradition of 'Muqaddar Ka Sikandar'. It is large doses of fiction with some reality in it.\"What I am trying to do is to recreate an era where gangsters had gangster friends. Some of these friendships did not turn out well. They also had this fascination for Bollywood actresses and courted them. These are the elements that I have picked up.\"Luthria grew up watching the cinema of the '70s which he feels has contributed a lot to his style of moviemaking, \"which has larger than life quality and where heroes speak the language of flamboyance and drama.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12270754", "title": "CMC polls: Third Front promises clean water, sanitation if voted to power", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The leaders of second line political parties have joined hands to form a 'Third Front' for first elections of Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC). The third front titled Chandrapur Mahanagar Vikas Aghadi (CMVA) will fight all 66 seats in corporation election, the leaders declared at a press conference here on Wednesday.CMVA comprises of Communist Party of India (Marxist), Communist Party of India, Samajwadi Party , Socialist Party, Nag Vidarbha Andolan Samiti, Loksangram Paksha, Shetkari Sanghatna, Republican Panthers, Vidarbha Azad Congress, RPI (Khobragade) and Prabuddha Republican Party. CPI (M) leader Rameshchandra Dahiwale said that the ruling Congress and BJP have turned CMC into a centre of corruption during last few terms. The Third Front is resolved to free CMC of corruption. \"Several parties and dominant social organizations joined hands for the cause. While we will see that all the works in CMC is free of corruption, our front would strive to curb pollution in Chandrapur,\" he said.Socialist Party leader Kishor Potanwar lambasted Congress and BJP for corruption in CMC. \"A former civic chief of Congress party was arrested red-handed while taking bribe. Similarly, a former civic chief of BJP is facing recovery of sum for alleged misappropriation in council during his regime. Both the parties have indulged in corruption in CMC during their respective regimes. Even these parties joined hands for the sake of power and jointly ruled Chandrapur municipal council during the last term,\" he said.The leaders of the Third Front promised to provide clean drinking water, health facilities, sanitation, apt use of government grants, amenities for the downtrodden, relaxation of taxes for slum areas, proper wages for labourers in CMC and new recruitment, if their party comes to power. They claimed that so far 30 candidates of the Third Front for different wards have been finalized. The front is also negotiating with some other parties for alliance, they claimed. Namdeo Kannake, Balasaheb Khobragade, Anvar Mirza, Gautam Tode, Ayub Kacchi and Nathmal Soni were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "12270757", "title": "Case against DMK man for cheating youth", "text": "THANJAVUR: In yet another criminal charge against DMK leaders, Thanjavur police registered a case against M Anbazhagan, former deputy mayor in Trichy corporation as well as present floor leader of the DMK in the corporation, and four of his relatives on charges of cheating a youngster of Rs 53 lakh over a false promise of getting him into films.According to a complaint filed on October 2011 by S Arunkumar (23) of Thanjavur, the son of a businessman, he had a strong desire to be a film hero. As part of his efforts, he happened to meet Guruseel (35) who was residing in Dwaraga Nagar in Thanjavur. He assured Arunkumar that he would get a chance in films as he was in touch with cine personalities and politicians. He, however, asked for money if the job were to be done.So, Arunkumar coughed up Rs 53 lakh. Though time went by, Arun could not see any progress in getting into films and realized that he was taken for a ride. Frustrated by the cheating, he asked Guruseel to return the money. However, he was not ready to refund the amount. Further, his wife Shanmugapriya, mother Banumathy, his close relatives M Anbazhagan, the former deputy mayor, and Mathiyazhagan of Trichy assaulted him and threatened him with dire consequences if he did not quieten down.According to the police, after lodging the complaint, Arunkumar went to Bangalore and Guruseel was in Chennai.At this juncture, after four months, the police took the complaint into consideration and registered a case against the former deputy mayor and four others. However, no one has been arrested so far.Repeated attempts to contact Anbazhagan went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12269627", "title": "Gorkha Territory readies for polls", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Wednesday issued the notification for the GTA Act, signalling preparations for elections in the Darjeeling Hills, even as the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) demanded the inclusion of some 400 moujas in the Terai-Dooars. The notification to formulate rules for the elections to the GTA will be issued on Thursday.According to the gazette notification issued by the hill affairs department, the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) Act to set up the GTA for the Darjeeling Hills takes effect on March 14, 2012. The GTA Bill was passed in the Bengal Assembly in September last year, accommodating most changes sought by the GJM. Through 54 amendments, the GTA Bill had tried to ensure that the legislation was in accordance with the tripartite agreement and the Hills body got more autonomy than the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC), which it will eventually replace.After the chief minister had blamed the Centre for the delay in getting assent, there was possibility that the fragile peace brokered by the GTA deal might have been disturbed once again. The GTA Bill got presidential assent on March 7, paving the way for setting up the GTA and holding elections in the Hills.Even as the notification for the Act was passed on Wednesday, Section 74 of the Act was not included. This section had talked about repealing the DGHC Act, 1988. An official at Writers' Buildings explained, \"Since the elections haven't been held and the GTA haven't been formed, the DGHC must remain. The DGHC Act will be repealed only after the formation of the GTA.\"Officials at Writers' Buildings were busy giving final touches to the rules for the elections. The polls will be conducted by the state government since neither the Election Commission nor the State Election Commission has the mandate for it. The district magistrate (DM), Darjeeling, is likely to be the authority for holding the elections.The election rules will be more or less on the same lines as that of the DGHC and electronic voting machines (EVMs) will be used for the polls. On Tuesday, chief secretary Samar Ghosh had said, \"The election to the formation of the GTA will be held with the existing area as per the tripartite agreement. The government is not taking cognizance of the GJM's demands.\"On Friday, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had iterated that elections in the Hills will be held as per the tripartite agreement. The GJM's demand, however, is contrary to the agreement.The GJM has been demanding that the high-power committee, looking into the inclusion of fresh areas from the Terai and Dooars in GTA, should submit its report before elections are held.Now that the notification for giving effect to the GTA Act has been issued, the delimitation process for the election will also begin. After delimitation, a draft will be published for the delimited constituencies. There will be an interval of 15 days to register objections. ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273801", "title": "Stars' love equation", "text": "In 2006, writer and mathematician Garth Sundem and journalist John Tierney came up with an equation that predicted the probability of a celebrity marriage enduring .The variables included the relative fame of the husband and wife, their ages, the length of their courtship, their marital history, and the sexsymbol factor (determined by looking at the woman's first five Google hits and counting how many show her in skimpy attire, or nude).Five years later, they have refined the Sundem/Tierney Unified Celebrity Theory with more data. Garth crunched some more numbers and discovered a better way to gauge the toxicity of fame. The old equation measured fame by counting the Google hits; the refined equation takes into account the ratio of two other measures - the number of mentions in The National Enquirer (a tabloid) as opposed to mentions in The Times (a national broadsheet).\"This is a major improvement in the equation,\" Sundem told the New York Times. \"It turns out that overall fame doesn't matter as much as the flavour of the fame. It's tabloid fame that dooms you. Sure, Katie Holmes had about 160 Enquirer hits, but she had more than twice as many NYT hits. A high NYT/ENQ ratio also explains why Chelsea Clinton and Kate Middleton have better chances than the Kardashian sisters.\"The new equation puts greater emphasis on the wife's fame. \"While the husband's NYT/ENQ ratio is mildly predictive, the effect is so much weaker than the wife's that it's not included in the new equation. Nor are some variables from the old equation, like the number of previous marriages and the age gap between husband and wife,\" the New York Times quoted Tierney as saying.It has fewer variables too -the crucial ones are the spouses' combined age (younger couples divorce sooner), the length of the courtship, and the sex-symbol factor (defined formally as the number of Google hits showing the wife \"in clothing designed to elicit libidinous intent\").But why is the wife's sex symbol factor important? And why do her media variables matter so much more than her husband's? John G. Holmes, a psychologist at the University of Waterloo in Ontario, who studies relationships explains it as, \"Women initiate 70 per cent of breakups, so perhaps that's why their personality and image are more predictive.\" Research has documented that women who wear skimpy or sexually provocative clothing tend to be higher on the trait of narcissism. Within marriages, the trait of narcissism predicts likelihood of sexual infidelity. Those high on narcissism feel entitled to have sex with others. Also, they have been found to oscillate between feelings of grandiosity and worthlessness, and the sexual attention helps keep them in the self-aggrandising region of self-esteem. Further research into marriage longevity shows that sexual infidelity by women is statistically more likely to lead to marital breakup than sexual infidelity by men. Study of marital longevity shows that people marrying young have a much higher chance of splitting. But it's hard to tell whether the types of people who marry young are more likely to divorce, or whether the age at time of marriage makes the marriage more susceptible to cracks. In 2006, the equation predicted doom for Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher; Pamela Anderson and Kid Rock; and Britney Spears and Kevin Federline . We know how these turned out. They're still married, but there have been rumours of a rift. The equation put its money on Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner making it to their fifth anniversary in 2010. So far, so good. However some predictions were too pessimistic. Because Demi Moore was much more famous than Ashton, the Sundem/Tierney Unified Celebrity Theory predicted their marriage wouldn't last a year; but they split only in 2011. It was similarly hard on Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes, because of his fame, his two failed marriages and their age gap. We run our celebrity couples through the theorem and see how they will fare. In 2006What they got wrongDemi Moore &amp; Ashton Kutcher: Because Demi's fame overtook Ashton's, the old formula predicted that they would split before their marriage crossed the one-year mark. The other factors were their age gap, his being in his late 20s when they got married and the pages of steamy pictures (hers) on the internet. Yet, the romance was strong until 2011.Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise: Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes's marriage was also predicted to meet a early end because of their age gap (16 years), his fame and his track record of two failed marriages. However, they are still going strong. May be the relative lack of her lascivious pictures has something to do with it?What they got right", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12275466", "title": "Army may take over HCL unit in Naini", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Revival of the sick public sector undertaking Hindustan Cables Limited (HCL), situated in the Naini industrial belt, is on the cards with the Army scheduled to take over the Naini unit soon, said city MP Rewati Raman Singh on Wednesday.Rewati had raised the issue with the Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee recently.He also brought to the notice of the minister that foundation of HCL was laid in 1987 by Rajiv Gandhi and the unit started producing world class fibre optical cables with the help of state of art machinery and equipment from 1989.The finance minister assured the MP that the unit would be handed over to the Army which would produce defence equipment and absorb the existing employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12271021", "title": "Search for missing kid continues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Rajendran Padiachi, a Khokhra resident, normal routine has been a thing of the past. Ever since his son Kartik went missing on January 27 this year, he has been working day and night to find him. \"I have missed work for most of the days since the disappearance, haven't slept and eaten properly and have met many police officials all over the state and urged them to do something to bring back my child,\" Padiachi told TOI. \"I don't know whether he left us or something bad happened to him but I know that he is out there somewhere and I can't rest in peace till I find him.\"When 69 parents from all over the state came to Law Garden on Wednesday evening, Padiachi's tale resonated in the story of many parents. Most of them have lost faith in the state machinery and have started searching on their own, betting their last penny on any thin ray of hope. The lost children are aged between seven years and 17 years and many have been missing for the past three to four years. As for the parents, they all had one agenda - to make authorities take the disappearance more seriously.Sanjay Joshi, an activist and coordinator for the group, said, \"There are many more. We have collected the photographs and contact details of the parents and we now have the evidence to present to the competent authority that what happens to the missing children's cases,\" Joshi said. \"The most common complaint was that cases were being shoved into cold storage by the authorities. We will soon address the issue.\"The group also discussed informal network of NGOs and social groups that can create awareness about the missing children. Parents also plan to visit dedicated social networking sites. \"We pray every day fervently for a miracle that one fine day Abhishek will come back to us hale and hearty and complete our family,\" said Neeta Patel, whose son has been missing for a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12268970", "title": "Rail stocks dip as fares follow freight hike", "text": "The hike in passenger fares in the railway budget which came within days of increase in freight rates, combined with the department's poor track record on implementing its projects on time and within costs, pulled down stocks of most companies that work with the railways. With several members of Parliament opposing the passenger fare hike, analysts have also turned sceptical if the proposals can actually be passed.\"It is also worth noting that the freight and fare hikes are largely construed as un-populist measures from the industry from an 'aam aadmi' point of view,\" noted Hitesh Agrawal, head of research, Reliance Securities. \"Thus, there is a surprise element in these actions, as these have been taken by the Trinamool Congress (TMC), a party which has been pro-aam-aadmi. TMC has always been at the forefront of opposing fuel price hikes as it affects the common man. With the railway minister's own party (TMC) MPs, along with the opposition against the hike in fares, whether the fare hike actually goes through or is rolled back in full or part will be an interesting development to note,\" Agrawal said in his research note.People on Dalal Street feel there could be other implications of this hike in fares. \"Since passenger fare hike has come from a TMC member, now she (Mamata Bannerjee) has no moral ground to oppose petrol and diesel price hikes,\" said Arun Kejriwal, director, KRIS, an investment advisory firm.Keeping the politics aside, analysts feel that the decision to hike fares after nearly a decade is a good decision that can improve the health of the railways, but the budget proposals may not lead to strong gains for companies related to the sector. \"On account of the deteriorating financial health of railways, we have seen a decline in various key investment activities like doubling of line and gauge conversion of line. The increase in freight rates and passenger fares are well directed to improve the financial strength of the railways,\" said a note from Nirmal Bang Securities. \"Overall the railway budget is not encouraging for railway-related companies,\" the note added.Of the nine stocks that have close relation to railways, six ended lower, while one was unchanged and two closed with gains on the BSE. Among the losers, Kalindee Rail closed 6.6% down at Rs 105, while Texmaco Rail lost 6.1% down at Rs 67. Among the gainers, Nelco closed 4.3% higher at Rs 55. Analysts said the railways' major thrust on safety and security is a positive for Nelco, which is in the security systems business. In volatile trades on Wednesday, sensex closed 106 points higher at 17,919, at near its three-week high level. For Thursday, all eyes will be on the RBI which is slotted to announce its decision on key policy rates.Full Coverage on Budget 2012 : Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269501", "title": "Michael Lobo gets cracking on Ximer road", "text": "PANAJI: The PWD has started work on the Calangute-Candolim major district road (MDR) at the border between the two villages where water logging causes hardships to motorists and tourists during the monsoons every year.The new BJP MLA for Calangute, Michael Lobo, told TOI that people from both villages had complained to him during the elections that the water-logging problem at the place called 'Ximer' was troubling the people for over eight years. That is why I decided to take it up on top priority, he said. Lobo said PWD engineers started work on Tuesday to raise the height of the road by half metre for a length of about 50m. The PWD will also construct a side-drain along the road to channelize the water to the big nullah near the Dukle hospital that will take the water to the sea.The road at this point will also be widened by two-and-half metres and this will make it easier for motorists to negotiate the curve, Lobo said.But the raising of the MDR at the border is just a small part of the major project that involves the hotmixing of the Calangute-Candolim road right from the Baga bridge to the Calangute-Candolim border. The project will cost 2.20 crore and is expected to be completed within 15 days, Lobo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270500", "title": "High court reserves order on beer factory case", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court (HC) on Wednesday reserved its order in a case related to an under construction beer factory being set up by the Vijay Mallya owned UB Group at Naubatpur in Patna district.The HC had on February 15 stayed the construction work of the upcoming beer factory after the aggrieved farmers whose lands were acquired by the state government moved the court as the lands were acquired in the name of setting up a sugar factory and were later sold to the UB Group.The bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice Vikas Jain, after hearing pleas from both the sides, reserved its order on Wednesday.The state government has justified the land acquisition, informing the court that the acquisition comes under public purpose as once built, the factory would generate employment and revenue.Directive on readers: A single bench of the HC presided by Justice Navniti Prasad Singh on Wednesday, while hearing a contempt petition filed by Kanhaiyaji and others, directed the state government to pay the pending salaries of the readers of different universities of the state by May 2, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "12276006", "title": "Sharp replaces president, forecasts record loss", "text": "TOKYO: Sharp Corp named Takashi Okuda its new president after forecasting a record annual loss amid slumping prices for its Aquos TVs, an economic slowdown and a tax charge.Okuda, 58, now an executive officer, will replace Mikio Katayama effective April 1, the Osaka, Japan-based company said in a statement. Katayama, 54, will become chairman and Katsuhiko Machida, who holds that post now, will be an adviser.Sharp, Japan's largest maker of liquid-crystal-display panels, follows Sony Corp and Panasonic Corp in replacing leaders after falling TV prices and a strong yen led them to forecast worsening earnings. Sharp expects a 290 billion-yen ($3.5 billion) net loss in the year ending March 31, it said Feb. 1, reversing an earlier prediction for a 6 billion-yen profit.\"The big challenge for Sharp remains the same even with the management change,\" said Masamitsu Ohki, a fund manager at Stats Investment Management Co., a Tokyo-based hedge fund. \"There is a doubt whether the LCD market will recover.\"The electronics maker, founded in 1912, plans to halve output at its largest TV panel factory in Sakai, Japan. In April, Sharp said it suspended production at its two biggest LCD plants. Rating cutSharp rose 4.3 per cent to 531 yen at the close of Tokyo trading, paring earlier losses, after saying it planned to announce management changes. The stock has declined 21 per cent this year, compared with an 18 per cent increase in the Topix Index, Japan's broadest equities gauge.Rating &amp; Investment Information Inc cut Sharp's credit rating by two levels to A-, the fourth-lowest investment grade, from A+ because \"it will likely take time for the company to improve earnings capacity,\" the Tokyo-based ratings company said earlier this month.Okuda heads Sharp's overseas business and previously oversaw the LCD-TV business, according to the company's website. He joined Sharp in 1978, according to data compiled by Bloomberg .The company wants to unveil a business plan by the time it announces full-year earnings, Okuda said at a press conference in Osaka. Katayama also apologized to shareholders for the record loss. iPad display \"I will basically follow in Katayama's footsteps,\" Okuda said. \"We'll do our best to rebuild Sharp to live up to expectations.\" Sharp last month widened its operating-loss estimate for the solar-cell business by 50 per cent to 24 billion yen for this fiscal year because of weak demand, stronger competition and price declines. The business contributes to 7.8 per cent of its sales.Company shares declined 5.1 per cent earlier today after an analyst with iSuppli said Samsung Electronics Co will provide the screen for Apple Inc's new iPad after LG Display Co and Sharp didn't meet the US company's quality requirements.Sharp and LG Display may start shipping panels for the new iPad in April, according to Vinita Jakhanwal, a senior manager at iSuppli, a unit of Englewood, Colorado-based IHS Inc. The new tablet goes on sale March 16.\"The top management change won't fix Sharp's problems,\" said Mitsushige Akino, who oversees about $600 million at Ichiyoshi Investment Management Co. in Tokyo. \"The change is more from the aspect of taking responsibility for the worst loss, rather than a forward-looking move.\"Japan's biggest makers of TVs, phones and chips announced leadership changes after saying they'll lose about $17 billion this year. Osaka-based Panasonic named Kazuhiro Tsuga, 55, to succeed President Fumio Ohtsubo, 66, the company said Feb. 28.Tokyo-based Sony named Kazuo Hirai , 51, to replace President and Chief Executive Officer Howard Stringer , 70, the company said Feb. 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12275475", "title": "Measures in place to hold fair exams: DM", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It is the duty of all centre incharges and principals to ensure conducting free and fair examinations, given the fact that it is the largest public school examination in the country, said the district magistrate (DM) while addressing a meeting of centre incharges, principals and officials of UP Board and education department, on the eve of forthcoming high school and intermediate examinations scheduled to start from Friday. Stating that all arrangements have been made to conduct the examinations in a transparent and smooth manner, the DM, Alok Kumar said that the whole district has been divided into 74 sectors which would be supervised by sector magistates deputed by the district administration.Around 2,46,947 students are scheduled to appear in the board examinations out of which 1,37,809 would appear in high school while the remaining 109,138 in Intermediate. The authorities have identified 95 sensitive examination centres in the district which would be under the scanner of authorities. He assured all support and co-operation to the Board authorities for conducting the examinations in a smooth and peaceful manner.District inspector of schools (DIOS) Rajendra Prasad informed that the department has constituted 11 flying squads in the district who would take round of different examination centres in order to ensure that no unfair means is adopted during examination.On the other hand senior officials of the district administration and police department briefed the centre incharge and principals about the steps being taken to conduct free and fair examinations. They assured that adequate police force would be present at all exam centres to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12276107", "title": "Economic Survey: Department of Posts deficit may dip 16% to Rs 5,309 cr in 2011-12", "text": "NEW DELHI: The efforts of the government to revive the Department of Posts (DoP) seems to be bearing fruits as its deficit is likely to come down by over 16 per cent to Rs 5,309.6 crore in 2011-12, the Economic Survey 2011-12 today said.\"In the current year 2011-12 (Budget Estimates), the gross receipts were budgeted at Rs 7,517.7 crore and with gross and net working expenses estimated at Rs 13,522.4 crore and Rs 12,827.3 crore respectively, with the deficit estimated at Rs 5,309.6 crore,\" the Economic Survey said.The gross receipts of the DoP in 2010-11 were placed at Rs 6,962.3 crore whereas the gross and net working expenses were Rs 13,793.7 crore and Rs 13,307.9 crore respectively.The resultant deficit for 2010-11 stood at Rs 6,345.6 crore, the Economic Survey said.It added that the postal sector needs to keep pace with changing times as many of its services have become redundant with growth in technology and takeover by other players.\"Quick decisions and actions to stay abreast of the times including switching over to new activities and downsizing could release a lot of resources from this sector for use elsewhere,\" the Economic Survey said.The government has approved a total Plan outlay of Rs 1,877.2 crore for the modernisation of its IT infrastructure to increase the efficiency of the department.\"The project is intended for computerisation of all the non-computerised post offices, mail offices, administrative and other offices, establishment of IT infrastructure and development of required software applications... The project is expected to be rolled out by the year 2013,\" the survey said.DoP has the largest postal network in the world with 1,54,866 post offices across India as of March 2011. Of these, 1,39,040 post offices are in rural areas, while the remaining are in urban areas.Aimed at transforming the infrastructure, the government had launched Project Arrow in 2008 for upgrading key postal operations such as mail delivery, remittance, and banking services.India Post now offers a single window facility for banking, money remittances and other financial products.The DoP is also responsible for disbursing wages under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MGNREGA) through 96,895 post offices.The postal network is also being used by other government agencies to collect data like the rural consumer price index, the Economic Survey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270439", "title": "Green Nagpur: 21.43L trees in city, 9 for every 10 citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: In some good news for the city, despite the massive tree felling in recent years, the first comprehensive census has put the number of trees within city limits at 21,43,838; almost nine trees for every 10 persons. This would make the city the greenest urban area in the state.Though often described as the second greenest city in the country, there was no official evidence with Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to justify this sobriquet. So, NMC had started the tree census in May 2008, to collect data and chalk out a plan to improve the city's greenery. The census data has just been finalized by the NMC's garden department.NMC said there are 21,43,838 trees within the city limits, amounting to 9,871 trees per sq km. A lot of this greenery is attributed to the mass tree plantation undertaken many years ago and also the zudpi jungle in some parts of the city.As expected, West and South-West Nagpur have over half the total trees. Laxmi Nagar Zone stands top among the 10 zones with 6,08,634 trees followed by Mangalwari zone and Dharampeth zone. Central Nagpur has the fewest trees due to high population and congested localities, leaving Gandhibagh Zone at the bottom of the table with 30,966 trees.Similarly, there is a vast difference among wards (as per 136 ward system) as far as number of trees is concerned. Sonegaon-Airport ward stands top with 2,17,090 trees while Mominpura, the most highly populated and congested area, has the fewest, 192 trees.The second greenest ward is Gorewada, probably due to forest cover, with 1,92,705 trees followed by Ambazari ward 1,21,646 trees, Khalasi Line ward 1,17,331, and Shivangaon ward's 1,12,329 trees. Among wards with few trees, Mominpura is followed by Timki with 253 trees, Bhankheda 277 trees, Hansapuri 281 trees and Barse Nagar ward 464 trees.There are four wards with over 50,000 trees, including Veterinary College 64,673, Telangkhedi 61,474, Seminary Hills 56,854 and Narendra Nagar 56,443. The Civil Lines ward hosting most of the government offices has 32,754 trees.If compared with the population, there are nine trees for every 10 persons in Nagpur city, if one goes by the 24,05,421 population figure as per the 2011 census.An official from NMC said the census has been done with the help of satellite images and actual enumeration of trees on the ground. \"Greenery will increase in coming days as NMC is engaged in mass tree plantation. The state government has directed NMC to plant a lakh trees in the next financial year. A proper plan has been chalked out to undertake such a big task. Support from citizens, NGOs, schools, hospitals and other institutions will be required to achieve this target,\" he said.He also admitted that this figure would have been higher if the city had not lost some 8,000 big trees in various projects over the last 10-11 years.Comparison with other citiesCity Area Trees Trees/sq.kmNagpur 217.1721 43,8389,871Nashik 25920,55,5237,936Brihan Mumbai 437.7119,17,8444,381Kalyan 51.982,12,7954,093Thane 1274,45,2623,506Navi Mumbai 162.054,78,1202,950Nanded 49.061,01,3102,065Mira Bhayandar 79.041,50,0001,897", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12274253", "title": "Raw deal for North Karnataka", "text": "HUBLI: The Railway Budget presented by Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has come as a huge disappointment for the people of north Karnataka, who were expecting at least one or two new trains for the region.There is a long pending demand for new lines between Dharwad-Kittur-Belgaum, Gadag-Harapanhalli-Harihar and Harihar-Shimoga and to carve out Gulbarga as a new division. But none of these demands have been fulfilled in the Budget.Though ten new trains have been announced for Karnataka, none of them is for the benefit of the people of north Karnataka region. There has been a long standing demand from the region to introduce a direct train to Mumbai from Hubli and an Intercity between Pune and Hubli, as many people travel to Mumbai and Pune regularly, especially for trade and business purpose.There has been demand for one more train from Hubli to Chennai, via Hospet-Guntkal to cater to the needs of the people of Gadag, Hospet and Guntkal, besides making the present Chennai-Vasco train regular. Also there is a demand for direct train to Varanasi, a new Hubli-Mangalore Express train via Hasan, Hubli-Nizamuddin Daily, Hubli-Sholapur Daily (Intercity), Hubli-Guntkal (Intercity) Hubli-Shiradi direct train and a new express train from Hubli to Gulbarga, via Gadag-Bijapur. But none of them found a mention in the Budget.One of the ambitious railway projects, Hubli-Ankola new line, which is capable of ushering in a new era of economic growth of the region is again ignored by the railway ministry. No funds or measures have been announced to speed up the project. Doubling of tracks between Hubli-Bangalore and Hospet-Vasco has also been dumped by the ministry and the modernization of Hubli workshop has not got any push this year too.SOME CONSOLATION: The only consolation is that the survey for new lines between Gadag-Vadi, Gadag-Haveri, Haveri-Siris has been announced. Also on the cards is to make Haveri, Badami and Alamatti stations as model stations. Speaking TOI, N P Javali, president of Karnataka Chamber of Commerce and Industries and its former president H C Hiremath, said the Railway Budget has meted out a raw deal to north Karnataka region.\"It has come as a big disappointment. Almost all demands of the region have been ignored,\" they said.'BUDGET BENEFITS OLD-MYSORE': There is widespread disappointment in the region over the railway minister neglecting the interest and aspirations of people of north Karnataka. \"Minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa who hails from Karnataka has not been able to impress upon his senior regarding the needs of the people here. He seems to be satisfied by the establishment of a coach factory in his constituency Kolar,\" said Prahlad Narsapur who has been fighting for the railway facilities in the region.Dharwad MP Pralhad Joshi was sour over the Budget as none of his pre-budget proposals have been entertained by the minister. Joshi speaking to TOI from New Delhi on Wednesday described the budget as most disappointing. \"Of the 14 projects announced by the railway minister for Karnataka none are useful to north Karnataka region. These projects are being introduced under K-RIDE where the government of Karnataka contributes its share of funds. No project has been mentioned where full funding is from Centre,\" Joshi said.Dharwad MLA Chandrakant Bellad expressing his displeasure over the demands of north Karnataka region being ignored, said the introduction of Bidar-Secunderabad Intercity train was a welcome move but the minister should have taken steps to strengthen the South Western Railway zone. Whatever has been given to Karnataka is for the benefit of Old Mysore region, he said. The timing of the present Kolhapur-Hyderabad daily train is not suitable for Hubli and Dharwad people and there is demand for the timings to be revised so as to depart from Hubli 8pm and reach Hyderabad early morning and vice-versa. This does not involve any financial implications and the demand could have been acceded to, said social activitst Venkatesh Desai.DISAPPOINTMENT FOR BIJAPUR: Bijapur Broad-Gauge committee has expressed its dissatisfaction over the Railway Budget. Committee president Vishwanath Bhavi and vice president Ashok Hallur reacting over the Budget said, \"We have been demanding a direct express train to Mumbai and increase the speed of Sholapur-Yeshwantpur Express so that it reaches Bijapur early. But we are disappointed that the Budget is silent on these demands,\" he said.BELGAUM IGNORED: People of Belgaum are feeling left out, as the most expected special lane from Dharwad to Belgaum, parallel to national highway-4 has found no place in the budget. \"The long pending demands like new trains and tracks between Belgaum-Mumbai, Belgaum-Bangalore Intercity, Bangalore-Nizamuddin Rajadhani Express etc. But none of them have been fulfilled,\" said Suresh Angadi, MP from Belgaum. Reacting over the budget, Basavaraj Javali, president of Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industries said, \"Belgaum is being treated as a second capital of the state, since it is the highest in revenue generation and exports next only to Bangalore. However, the Budget has seriously ignored north Karnataka region, where there is a serious need of railway facilities. (With inputs from Basavaraj Kattimani, Gururaj Jamkhandi, Sushilendra Naik and Ravi Uppar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12274304", "title": "SAIL chairman hails budget bonanza", "text": "BOKARO: The railway budget holds significant promise for the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) as a whole and for its unit Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) in particular.SAIL chairman C S Verma on Wednesday said, \"The rail budget outlines an encouraging scenario for the short and mid-term period. The railway investment during the 12th Plan is proposed to be Rs 7.35 lakh crore, almost four times the previous plan. The railways plan to spend Rs 63,212 crore on track modernization in five years. New trains, new stations, new lines for Kolkata Metro and gauge conversion, all are positive indicators for increase in steel consumption in the country and hence for SAIL. SAIL and the railways have been partners in progress for several decades and this relationship would be strengthened in the coming years in view of the massive modernization and expansion plan of the Indian Railways as announced by the railway minister.\"The BSL is fully depended on the railways for transportation while it supplies branded products for manufacture of railway wagons and coaches. Thus, the railway budget holds significant promise for the business of the SAIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269270", "title": "Court rejects plea for stay on mayoral election", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik court on Wednesday rejected a petition to stay the mayoral election scheduled for Thursday. In a petition, ex-corporator Mushir Sayyed had alleged that there were irregularities like bogus voting and wanted to stay the election.Sayyed had filed the petition after he lost to Gulzar Kokni of the MNS from prabhag 39.While Sayyed's lawyer argued that irregularities like bogus voting had taken place in prabhag 39, Kokni's lawyer said not a single document had been produced as evidence.\"There is no prima facie proof that indicates illegalities in the election procedure. No elected person can be injuncted from entering into further statutory election. The papers that he provided had no connection with prabhag 39. The application for staying the election was rejected by the court,\" said Nagnath Gorwadkar, Kokni's lawyer.Sayyed said he had strong evidence and had provided all the documents. \"We had filed an application earlier to the chief election commission that the electronic voting machine (EVM) had been tampered with. There were discrepancies in the voters' list when the new multiple ward system was structured. Our documentation is very strong. We will appeal in the higher courts as well,\" said Sayyed. Sayyed, who had got elected as a corporator on a Samajwadi Party ticket in 2007, had contested in the recent civic polls as an independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269379", "title": "21 south Delhi properties face demolition heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intensifying its drive against unauthorized construction, Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) took action against 21 properties in south Delhi, including 11 properties in Sainik Farms, on Friday. MCD officials say that despite its sealing drive, rampant illegal construction is going on in the city.MCD officials said all 11 properties in Sanik Farms had carried out massive unauthorized construction. \"It is an upscale residential colony. We had given notices to all the properties, but as they didn't take the necessary action we had to demolish the unauthorized portions,\" said a senior MCD official.Ten properties were demolished in Malviya Nagar, Kalu Sarai, Paryavaran Complex, Mehrauli and Saket. Zonal officers say that they have demolished and sealed more than 110 properties in MCD's south zone since January this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12273203", "title": "Engineering graduates arrested for theft in city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Wednesday arrested four persons, including two engineers, for stealing underground pipes in Infocity police area here. The accused are Debasis Das, Satya Panigrahy, Himanshu Beura and Abani Mohapatra. \"We recovered the pipes worth nearly Rs 9 lakh from them,\" a police officer said.While Debasis is an M.Tech pass-out of a Cuttack-based private engineering college, Satya is also a graduate from the same institute, a police officer said. Himanshu is a scrap dealer and Abani a works contractor.The accused had on February 28 allegedly stolen a number of pipes from the stockyard of a contractor in Infocity. During interrogation, police found that Debasis and Himansu were arrested by Laxmisagar police in connection with a theft case in May 2011. \"We are trying to find out whether they were involved in any other crimes in the city,\" the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273537", "title": "Rock On Director to direct Hindi Magadheera?", "text": "Abhishek Kapoor may direct the much- anticipated Hindi remake of the Telugu flickAnurag Kashyap and Vikas Bahl of Phantom Films, producers of the Hindi version, have already signed on Ranveer Singh as the male lead. Although Bahl had earlier revealed that they were looking for someone who could direct a historical drama while giving it a contemporary look and feel, when contacted this time around, he chose not to commit saying, \"We have not finalized the director so far.\"The 2009 film Magadheera, directed by S S Rajamouli and produced by Allu Aravind, starred Ram Charan Tej and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles. It was set against the backdrop of the Mughal empire while attempting to impart a history-meets-modernity twist to the tale. Significantly, the film went on to become the highest grossing Telugu film after its theatrical run.Possibly, Abhishek, who already has a Rock On to his credit, is considered the ideal candidate to direct the Hindi remake by the film's producers.Meanwhile, Abhishek, who is currently working on Rock On 2 and a script inspired by Chetan Bhagat's 'The 3 mistakes of my life' refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269343", "title": "Minor involved in Gurgaon gang rape: Cops", "text": "GURGAON: Two days after a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped, police claimed that one of the accused in the case is a minor (14) studying at a school in Rohtak district. So far, six out of the seven accused have been arrested. Amarjeet, who had rented the room where the victim was raped, was nabbed on Wednesday.DCP (crime), Maheshwar Dayal, confirmed that cops have identified the seventh accused - the minor - and would arrest him soon.Amarjeet had fled from his room in Rajiv Nagar early on Tuesday morning when he came to know that police were on the lookout for him and his friends. On Wednesday evening, DLF-II SHO Jangsher Singh raided several places with crime branch cops and picked up Amarjeet from Gurgaon.Earlier in the day, the five accused who had been arrested on Monday were produced before a city court and sent to two days' police remand. During preliminary interrogation, they confessed that they were drunk and had planned to kidnap the woman as soon as they spotted her outside the mall. One of the accused told police that after bringing her to the Rajiv Nagar room first two men raped the victim. When the woman began to shout, they threatened her with dire consequences. They also threatened her of calling more friends to the room if she resisted. Finally, she succumbed to the pressure.Recalling the horror, the victim's brother said that he had approached a policeman on MG Road early on Monday morning. \"He took the details of the car and told me that he would follow the vehicle. But he returned and took my sister's mobile number,\" the boy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon / chandigarh", "code": "12269840", "title": "DETCs fail to recover Rs 110 crore taxes: CAG", "text": "GURGAON / CHANDIGARH: The excise and taxation departments in Haryana have failed to recover around Rs 110 crore from industrialists in Gurgaon, revealed a Comptroller and Auditor General report. According to the report, despite failing to comply with the conditions to get tax exemptions, 20 city industrialists were allowed benefits of tax holiday schemes.After failing to maintain production levels for five years, the industrialists were supposed to repay the full amount of tax exemption, which is around Rs 54 crore, along with interest of Rs 56 crore. The deputy excise and taxation commissioners (DETCs) concerned did not raise the issue till the auditors pointed it out. The DETCs of Gurgaon (East) and Gurgaon (West) stated that between October 2010 and March 2011 the tax recovery was under process in 19 cases and notices had been issued in three other cases.\"The reply (of the DETCs) was not satisfactory as copies of notices issued to dealers were not found in the file. And in three cases, notices were issued only after the matter was pointed out by the auditor,\" said Onkar Nath, state principal accountant general (audit). \"We have recommended strict action against the officials responsible for the loss to the exchequer,\" he added.As per the rules, the tax exemption is given with a condition that the beneficiary unit maintains its average production le vel for the next five years. Though, the auditors found that after availing themselves of the tax benefits, these units did not maintain the average production level for the succeeding five years. As a result, they were liable to pay the full amount of tax exemption along with the interest to the department. Such deficiencies were also found in Faridabad, Sonipat, Panipat, Hisar and Rewari.Total non-recovery of over Rs 130 crore from 30 units has been traced by CAG. The auditors have also unearthed unjustified benefit of tax exemption worth Rs 70 crore to a contractor of Faridabad in March 2010 in relation to supply of materials to the Haryana Power Generation Corporation. \"The excise and taxation commissioner admitted the lapse, yet no action was initiated to recover the amount,\" said a CAG official.According to the report, Haryana has faced a loss of over Rs 1,000 crore due to \"deficiency\" in imposing taxes like sales tax on goods, stamp duty, registration fee in land deals and taxes on vehicles in more than 4,000 cases in last year. The insufficiencies include under-assessment, short levy or non-levy of taxes. However, the departments have accepted under-assessment and other deficiencies amounting to only Rs 222 crore in about 2,000 cases. The report has also revealed that proper records were not maintained by the headquarters of industries and the excise and taxation departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268958", "title": "Nurses go to cops over hospital bonds", "text": "MUMBAI: In two separate incidents, nurses from two hospitals have approached the police with complaints of private hospital managements holding back educational certificates as bonds.Trincy Alex, a former nurse with the Dr LH Hiranandani Hospital alleged that her passport has been in the hospital's custody since December last year. Alex joined on June, 2011 after being trained by the hospital. She quit in the next six months as against the two-year bond period.\"I was not paid what was promised. It was difficult to continue. They asked me to pay up Rs 22,000 for dishonouring the bond,\" she said. Abraham Mathai of All India Nurses Association said it was unfair to hold back papers.The hospital management, however, said 'nothing unfair' was being done. CEO Dr Sujit Chatterjee said, \"The nurse was trained by us on all essential aspects like basic life support, nursing. In lieu of the training, the nurses are supposed to serve the hospital for a fixed tenure. She is not even ready to pay up\".Chatterjee further added that such employees are also given the option of paying up on a pro-rata basis for leaving before the bond period. \"But, she is not even ready to do that. How is a hospital wrong in training nurses and asking for their services in return,\" he said.In another incident, 60-odd nurses from Balaji Hospital in Byculla approached the police against the management for holding on to their certificates. A senior nurse said that the management has refused to return his certificates even after completion of his two-year bond term. The nurse added that the hospital has said they would get increments only after signing bonds for another two years. Dr Ramesh Kagzi, chairman of the hospital, said they were yet to learn of any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12270684", "title": "45% in Tamil Nadu defecate in open", "text": "The census 2011 figures on the state of sanitation in Tamil Nadu present a grim picture with little improvement from the previous decade. Even today, 45.7% of the state's population resorts to open defecation due to the absence of proper sanitation facilities.The fact that Tamil Nadu ranks only ninth on this list can offer little comfort. The situation is worse in rural areas where only 2% of the population is covered by the pipeline sewerage system. As a result, over 73% of rural population defecate in the open. Even the state's Total Sanitation Scheme, introduced in 2006, has failed to change the practice of open defecation.\"The earlier government's TSC was a target-oriented scheme,\" said V Ganapathy, a sanitation activist. \"They rapidly built toilets in rural areas, but many of them had no roof or water connection and sometimes even no walls. Of course, the construction of the superstructure was the household's responsibility. But with only Rs 2,500 accorded for the superstructure by the government and cement prices escalating, it has been difficult for people to build it.\"The worst affected though are the peri-urban areas. Due to rapid urbanization, many villages close to big towns and cities have transformed into suburbs with movement of people from towns and cities to these peri-urban areas. As former villages, the areas have no sewerage system. They also lack the open spaces available in rural areas. Surprisingly, the census figures also show a 16.2% prevalence of open defecation in urban areas.However, this has been ascribed to a large migrant workers' population. \"There is a huge migrant workers population in most urban areas on construction sites,\" said Ganapathy. \"They are not provided with any sanitation facilities, so they make use of open areas along water bodies and railway lines. The city and town corporations have gotten wise to this and fenced many open areas. But railway lines, as property of union government remain unfettered and available for use.\"Indeed, in many coastal areas including Chennai, the beaches remain the most common spots for open defecation. The new AIADMK government, taking note of the sanitation situation has announced a new 'open defecation free towns' scheme that is supposed to be an improvement on the previous total sanitation scheme. However, this new scheme has not left the drawing board yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274006", "title": "Class apart", "text": "Sanjay Pawar's entertaining play, Kon mhanta takka dila (Passing the buck), directed by Aniruddha Khutwad, sets up two cover stories to get a dalit into a Brahmin home so he can demonstrate how caste operates in our country .The first cover story is a tweaked version of the Kacha-Devayani tale, presented before a painted curtain in an over-the-top folk theatre style. The devas and asuras have been slugging it out for supremacy over the three worlds. The asuras are winning because their guru, Shukracharya, can bring the dead to life with his Sanjeevani Vidya. The devas need a trick to level the playing field. So they send Kacha, the son of their guru Brihaspati, to Shukracharya as a disciple, hoping that he will win the guru's favour and acquire the Sanjeevani Vidya from him.Pawar cuts through the twists and turns of the story and conveniently alters the end. In his version, Kacha does not come through unscathed, glowing with spiritual virtue, but is cursed by the spurned Devayani to be born on earth in the 20th century as a dalit who finds himself in a Brahmin home.Phew! The things you must do to get dalits and upper-castes together on earth. But that's not the end. Devayani pronounces her curse and goes her way; but its execution down here requires a major bit of social engineering. Cover story number two kicks in. The government, believing the rumour put about by urban, upper-caste Indians that casteism is dead and buried and dalits have nothing to complain about, decides to engrave RIP on its tomb by decreeing that every Brahmin home must now host a dalit or a tribal on pain of punishment. Defaulters will not be given ration cards, passports and gas connections.Thus the dalit's path to a Brahmin home is paved. We are now in the wellappointed drawing-room of businessman Kamala Uradhi. He and daughter Sukanya (Anita Date, sprightly as ever), take the new law in their stride. They represent forward looking Brahmin liberals. Vimal Aradhye and son Sudarshan (Padmanabh Bhind, charming despite his iffy political position), represent conservative Brahmanism. They fret, fume and protest; and whilst the lady can't do much more than that, the son goes to court against the law with like-minded mates.Sukanya selects her dalit (Upendra Limaye at his acidic best, hailed with lusty applause on entry), a well-read holder of a post-grad degree (subject unspecified). His name is Kachrya Dhivar which sends the family into a flutter because how can you call your guest 'Garbage' even when it is his given name. They promptly rename him Kacha, and all the lights come on in our clever little brains. Devayani's curse!So, at long last, the stage is set for a series of showdowns between the dalit and fifty per cent of his hosts. Kachrya comes equipped with anger, a sharp tongue and a wicked turn of phrase. Also with the clinching argument to send all Brahmins back to the pavilion. \"If we wanted to settle scores we'd have to push you all the way back to the Khyber Pass. We were just fine before you arrived and screwed us.\"Gradually, (how did you guess? ), Sukanya falls in love with this amazing man, just as Desdemona did with brave Othello. She persuades him to marry her and he allows himself to be persuaded. How they are going to live with no jobs and no home is anybody's guess. What matters is that they are supremely happy.It is time now for the earthly Kacha to stand tall and glow with moral virtue, fired with the idea of setting the world right. As he sits back to back with Sukanya, (in Marathi theatre, this indicates an intimate relationship), he gazes up at the sky and launches into a monologue addressed to Devayani. Amongst other things he tells her, \"Your curse has run its course. I am now going to break through the vicious circle of devas and asuras and bring forth, with Sukanya's help, neither of the two, but a human being, pure and simple.\"So you see Kachrya's position is harmlessly humanistic. He wants to forget old wrongs and get on with life. Great. May Kachrya live to see the day.But meanwhile, there's reality. If you want to treat yourself to a sharp dose of it, go see Anand Patwardhan's documentary, Jai Bhim Comrade. It's all about dalit lives and might make you want to run and bury your head somewhere.Shanta Gokhale separating the best from the banal on mumbai's culturescape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12271324", "title": "A day of four farewells and lots of fun", "text": "LUDHIANA: Juniors of Guru Nanak Girls College (GNGC), Model Town, arts faculty, gave a warm farewell to their seniors with a colourful, entertaining cultural programme. The main attraction was modelling by students of the final year in which Kamaldeep Kaur took the cake and was adjudged Miss Farewell.Manmeet Kaur and Shweta were crowned 1st and 2nd runners up. Harmandeep Kaur, Maitri, Jyotsana and Tejinder were crowned Miss Elegant, Miss Beautiful Smile, Miss Best Outfit and Miss Catwalk.In the afternoon, a farewell party for hostellers was held in which Navjot was adjudged Miss Farewell. Kamaldeep and Sandeep Kaur were crowned 1st and 2nd runners up, while Ramandeep, Mandeep, Kamaldeep and Japseet Kaur were crowned Miss Elegant, Miss Beautiful Smile, Miss Best Outfit and Miss Catwalk.Another batch says goodbyeThe outgoing graduate and post graduate students of Devki Devi Jain Memorial College for Women at Kidwai Nagar were treated to an enchanting cultural programme at the farewell party organised on Wednesday. Vanisha was adjudged the Miss Farewell whereas Aakriti Kapoor and Shyna were the 1st and 2nd runner-up. Priyanka shone as Miss Confident and Nattasha as Miss Simple and Beautiful. Shifali walked away with the title of Miss Best catwalk.Shweta walks away with crown Students of BCA-II at Government College for Women, Bharat Nagar Chowk, organized a farewell party for their seniors on Wednesday. The students spent a lovely afternoon of fun and frolic by presenting cultural bonanza of songs, dances, games and other such thrilling items. While Shweta Baweja was crowned Miss Farewell, Ritika Jain and Supreet Kaur were the runners-up.Nostalgic moments The farewell function of department of computer science and applications at Ramgarhia Girls College, Miller Ganj, witnessed an outpouring of emotions on Wednesday. The-final year students of BCA, BSc, MSc (IT) and PGDCA got nostalgic but they were cheered up by their juniors who prepared a cultural blast. Special games were also organized for the senior batch. Students of BSc presented a puppet show on an old song \"Ja Re Hat Natkhat\". While Jyoti was Miss Farewell, Karamjeet Kaur and Karishma were the runners-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270903", "title": "Woman home guard murdered at home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A home guard, Manjula Parmar, 35, was murdered at her residence in Railway Colony, Khokhra. The cops were taken aback to find Parmar's body in a naked condition. Her throat had been slit with a knife, said police.The disarrayed condition of the house led the police to believe that Parmar may have been sexually assaulted before being killed. \"It now seems that robbery may have been the motive behind this crime,\" said Khokhra police officials.Parmar's nephew Sagar has registered a complaint with Khokhra police. Officials said, \"While investigations are on, we shall have to wait for the post-mortem report to ascertain whether this is a case of rape and murder.\"Digging into the background of Parmar, police officials found that the home guard had married twice and divorced. Later, she got married a third time to Pinakin Thakkar, a resident of Mehemdabad. Thakkar died of cancer in 2011.Since then Parmar was staying at a railway quarter belonging to her brother. Her brother too had died last year.The matter came to light when Sagar paid a visit to his aunt. He saw that the main door was open and all the household goods were in a state of disarray. He went into the house and saw his aunt's lifeless body in the bedroom in a pool of blood. He then intimated the police.\"All her clothes and undergarments were found in the kitchen which was also in a state of disorder. A deep cut in her right hand proves that Parmar had tried to fight back when the killer attacked her,\" said C N Rajput, assistant commissioner of police.The killer had tried to wipe all traces of blood from the bedroom where Parmar's body was found. \"This shows that the killer had tried to destroy evidence after the murder. The fact that the lock on the main door is in tact, also proves that the victim might have been acquainted with the killer. We believe that he had attacked Parmar after getting into the house on some pretext,\" said Khokhra police.When police inquired about her enemies, the cops learnt that Parmar had staked claim on the property of one of her former husbands, which caused a dispute with her in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12270133", "title": "Netizens hail \u2018Daredevil Dinesh\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Dinesh Trivedi need not feel beleaguered. A flood of posts on facebook and twitter have hailed his bold budget and commended him for showing some spunk. And more important, a fair number of his constituents from Barrackpore, the constituency he represents in the Lok Sabha, have expressed unequivocal support for him.All the posts on facebook hail Trivedi for shunning populism and having the courage to disregard the wishes of his party supremo to present a pragmatic and \"excellent\" rail budget. Kolkata-based social activist and environment engineer Sauman Das Gupta lauds 'Daredevil Dinesh' for \"placing interests of country above party\". Mumbai PR executive Kedar Tadkodkar's post reads: \"good job...Dinesh Trivedi put neck on line for larger cause\". Sunil Chandra Saha, a rail employee from Cooch Behar, thanks Trivedi for his \"brave decision\" in hiking railway fares which, he says, is small and won't affect the people. Rohit Kandarp, student of Symbiosis, Pune, thanks Trivedi for shunning \"populist politics\" while Ashutosh Trivedi, a postal department employee from Agra, says the rail budget is in the interests of the country.Shanker Singhal, systems engineer at Infosys at Bangalore, writes on Trivedi's facebook wall: \"You have showed we still have some good leaders and they have the will to take development decision even by going against their own supremos and respect their duties. I hope other ministers will learn lesson from you. Kudos to you sir\". Bijoy Kumar Nandi of Alipurduar says he's proud to have a \"brave\" person as a Railway Minister and Bhaskar Majumder, a teacher from the same town, while praising Trivedi, predicts that just as Mamata Banerjee single-handedly brought her party to power, she'll cause its extinction in a similar fashion.Sachin Hallad, who works at Mahindra Satyam in Banglaore, Brajendra Kumar of Darbhanga, Barrackpore teacher Rajib Patra, and IBM employee Abhishek Ganguly are just a handful of the hundreds who posted messages on facebook or wrote on Trivedi's facebook wall wall extolling his boldness and criticizing the Trinamool chief.The strongest words of support came from the likes of Balaram Gharai (trader), Nabin Mondal (school teacher), Pabitra Haldar (student) and many other residents of Barrackpore who pledged their continued support for Trivedi and urged him to take on the \"mercurial Mamata\".Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270512", "title": "State govt plans war on kala-azar", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey will take pledge on Thursday to eliminate kala-azar from 33 affected districts in Bihar in the next three to five years. A rally would also be organized on the occasion from Gandhi Maidan to J P statue.Announcing this here on Wednesday, Choubey said the rally would be followed by a special meeting of ministers, health officials, kala-azar experts and international organizations involved in treatment of kala-azar patients for chalking out strategy for creating awareness about the disease. Santosh Yadav, who had scaled Mount Everest twice, would be the special guest at the meeting. Kala-azar week would be observed from March 15 to 22, he said, adding that Santosh Yadav has agreed to join the campaigns for elimination of kala-azar and against female foeticide.Choubey said that the central government failed to supply Miltofocin 10 mg for treatment of kala-azar affected children despite demand from the state government. As this medicine is not available in the market here, the state government has urged the Centre to allow the use of a laboratory-tested combination of drugs to cure kala-azar patients, especially the children, he said.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha, said that an international institution, Drug for Neglected Disease Initiate (DNDI), had tested the efficacy of the combination of drugs in laboratory and now they should be used to cure kala-azar. He said the Centre should constitute a special task force for taking steps to eradicate kala-azar in the manner polio was eradicated from Bihar.He said that eminent kala-azar expert Dr C P Thakur would be urged to provide guidance to the government for taking measures to eliminate the disease. The campaign would focus on 6,578 villages in 11 identified districts. He said that kala-azar deaths in Bihar had decreased from 147 in 2008 to 76 in 2011. Similarly, the number of kala-azar affected people in Bihar had come down from 29,094 in 2008 to 25,215 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270468", "title": "Officials in the dock for delaying water project", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Wednesday admitted inordinate delay in supplying portable water in different localities of the city. The government also announced that it would complete an inquiry against those who are responsible for delay in implementing this project in the current ongoing budget session itself.Replying to a question of Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD) in the Bihar Legislative Council, urban development minister Prem Kumar said that the government has identified 38 places in the city for digging new boring for supplying water way back in 2010 under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewable Mission (JNURM) scheme.The minister said that this task was assigned to the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC). but till date no progress has been made. The minister said that the government would take stern action against those for delaying this important project. \"I will announce the action taken report in the current ongoing session of the council,\" he said.In view of the serious water crisis in the city, the government has now made the Bihar State Water Board (BSWB) as an executing agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274031", "title": "Artisitic Soiree", "text": "It is the season of art in the city and Chennai's high-fliers are enjoying their evenings out amidst art and renowned artists.This evening was no exception as the city's young art connoisseurs made a beeline to this art event that promised creativity and some creative bonding. If Shalini and Biswajit enjoyed their time out as a couple, friends Tina and Chaitanya got together to check out the artworks. It was also a soiree of a different kind as the art exhibition was held an upmarket restaurant rather than the regular art gallery. Delectable nibbles and cool drinks kept the crowd in an elated mood on this hot summer day. Who says artistic endeavours can't become unforgettable social dos? This evening certainly was one!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270521", "title": "Patna museum gears up for a facelift", "text": "PATNA: In view of centenary celebrations of the state, Patna Museum has also geared up for a facelift. Its authorities have engaged a team of artists to prepare replicas of some of the most significant monuments of the state, including Golghar, Nalanda excavation site, Ashokan pillar, Buddha head, Mauryan pillar and Barabar caves, inside the museum premises.\"The replicas will be ready for display by March 22,\" said Sanyasi Red, a famous artist of the state, who is busy in making the replicas with his team of five junior artists since February 3.Museum authorities have also planned to develop an eco-garden on the museum campus by the end of this month. \"After this we will not allow vehicles to enter the museum premises, so as to keep the environment eco-friendly. Besides, we will also change the present high-voltage lights in the museum premises with LED lights that are cooler and require less energy. Besides, more solar lights will be installed to reduce energy consumption,\" Jai Prakash Narayan Singh, additional director of the Patna museum, told TOI.Meanwhile, centenary exhibition on the museum campus that began on February 17, would conclude on March 31. Through the medium of photographs, stamps, graphics, maps and collected information, this exhibition is showcasing the contribution of Bihar to the culture, art, politics, traditions and literature of the country in the last hundred years.\"We have also decided to take this exhibition to other districts' museums of the state and also add some local flavour by giving information about the local history of that particular district,\" said Singh.After Patna, this exhibition will shift to Begusarai.The museum will be illuminated with blue lights during centenary celebration of the state. Museum authorities are also organizing a lecture on 'Bihar's contribution in last hundred years in changing the archaeology and history of the country' and 'Gandhi and Bihar' on March 25. From March 22 to 24, museum authorities will distribute sweets among visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269315", "title": "Faleiro to resign as NRI chief today", "text": "PANAJI: Goa commissioner for NRI affairs Eduardo Faleiro will resign from his position with effect from Thursday, he announced to the media on Wednesday. Faleiro has held the post since February 2006.Briefing the media, Faleiro said that he \"did not at any stage seek the present appointment nor any other office in Goa\" and that he had only taken up the post at the request of former Goa chief minister Pratapsingh Rane \"considering that since I was in Goa I might as well help my fellow Goans in some way\".Asked if he would continue if the new BJP government asked him to, Faleiro said he would not. He said his leaving was a \"natural thing\" which happens in a parliamentary democracy. He, however, explained that though his term was set to expire at the end of March, the Congress government had extended it by five years. With the exit of the Congress, Faleiro had to leave too. \"I am honoured by the fact that the prime minister and the Union finance minister, among others, have praised this office, verbally and in writing, for its efficiency and the vast range of subjects of interest to NRIs that it deals with,\" Faleiro said.Faleiro also praised his two officers, vice-admiral (retd) John D'Silva, chairman of the Overseas Employment Agency and U D Kamat, director of NRI affairs, calling them \"quite competent to run this office on their own\". Faleiro also hoped the NRI office would complete his unfulfilled projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12271435", "title": "World War II diary points to Hitler\u2019s lovechild", "text": "LONDON: A sensational entry in a newly discovered diary of a soldier has added weight to the claims that Adolf Hitler had fathered a lovechild with a 16-year-old French woman while serving as a corporal during World War I.For decades, the tatty pocket diary of former Royal Engineer Leonard Wilkes had gathered dust in a box on top of a wardrobe among a war hero's possessions. His sons, Alan and Gordon, discovered it after death of their mother 10 years ago. Leonard was one of the first soldiers to land on the Normandy beaches on DDay in June 1944. He kept a diary and among the pages is a reference to the alleged liaison between Hitler and Charlotte Lobjoie in 1917, Daily Mail reported.On September 30, 1944, Leonard wrote: \"An interesting day today. Visited the house where Hitler stayed as a corporal in the last war, saw the woman who had a baby by him and she told us that the baby, a son, was now fighting in French army against the Germans.\"Leonard's son Alan said, \"It was kept in a box. We were going to throw it out. I was shocked when I read it. \"Last month new claims emerged in French magazine Le Point that Hitler may have had a son, Jean-Marie Loret, while in France. Loret was born in March 1918 and his mother told him about his father shortly before her death in late 1950s. He died in 1985, aged 67, having never been able to prove his heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12275291", "title": "Sporting activities may resume at Akota stadium", "text": "VADODARA: If things fall in place, the Shri Chhotubhai Purani Pavilion better known as Akota stadium may start buzzing with sports activities again. The stadium has hardly witnessed any sports activities barring motocross championships over the years and has largely been used for other purposes.The stadium located in the heart of the western parts of the city has a skating rink, tennis court and a ground meant for football or other outdoor activities. While roller skating and tennis training is conducted regularly here, the ground is put to use for cultural and commercial activities. Chief minister Narendra Modi's Sadbhavana Mission programme was also held here.The Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) that owns the stadium has now mooted a proposal to stop its usage for all activities other then games, sports or those related to these. The VMC standing committee will take a decision regarding this later this week. The stadium was dedicated to the city in 1985 and in 1986, the standing committee had passed a resolution limiting its use for sports activities. In 1994, however, this was changed and it was decided to allot the stadium for other purposes too. Sportsmen and associations for various sports in the city have time and again raised the issue with the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur/nagpur", "code": "12270758", "title": "Yuvashakti to contest CMC polls", "text": "CHANDRAPUR/NAGPUR: Pumped up by the tremendous victory in Gadchiroli municipal council and recently held Zilla Parishad and Panchayat Samiti elections in Chandrapur and Gadchiroli, Yuvashakti organization has decided to fight the elections of Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) on its own. The decision to contest CMC election was taken following insistence of activists, claimed organization secretary Devidas Banbale.He said that the organization has won clean majority in Gadchiroli Muncipal Council on its own. Yuvashakti performed well in panchayat elections and won in Chimur Panchayat Samiti. The organization fared well in Chandrapur ZP elections and won five seats. With both Congress and BJP short of clean majority, Yuvashakti Shangthana holds the key to the power in Chandrapur ZP.Buoyed by the victories, the activists had started insisting for contesting Chandrapur Muncipal Corporation's election. Hence, a meeting was held at the organization's headquarters in Chimur on Wednesday. After a long discussion with the leaders, president Kirtikumar Bhangadia consented to contest CMC elections. Yuvashakti would fight all the seats in CMC on its own, Banbale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12269051", "title": "Bhayander train robbery cracked", "text": "MUMBAI: A small-time robber who has targeted train commuters in the past has been arrested by the Andheri unit of the Mumbai crime branch in connection with the robbery case of a teenage girl inside the ladies compartment at Bhayander.The victim, Shweta Jadhwani (16), was robbed of her cellphone and cash, totally valued at Rs 5,060, by an unidentified youth while the train was in motion between Bhayander and Mira Road railway stations. Sleuths of the crime branch gathered information about train thieves operating in the Mira-Bhayander, Vasai-Virar belt. The police also kept a tab on the mobile phone that had been robbed from Jadhwani. \"We got a tip-off that the accused, identified as Abdul Majid Abdul Rehman Shaikh alias Monu (20), was to approach an electronics store at Nehru Road in Santa Cruz to sell the stolen Sony Ericsson mobile,\" said Andheri unit crime branch senior inspector Deepak Phatangare.On Wednesday afternoon, the police laid a trap outside the shop and nabbed Shaikh and recovered the cellphone. A resident of Nasreen Apartment, Naya Nagar of Mira Road, Shaikh confessed to the crime. On Saturday night, when Jadhwani boarded the train around 8.35 pm, she was alone in the first-class compartment.As she had to alight at Mira Road to go to her Shanti Park home, she stood near one of the doors.As soon as the train started, Shaikh jumped into the compartment, threatened Jadhwani and snatched her cellphone. He then forced her to part with all the cash she had. Though Jadhwani resisted initially, she gave in to Shaikh's demand who tried to physically assault her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12270081", "title": "Authority slows down sealing of illegal units", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority's sealing drive against unauthorized units in non-conforming areas is turning out to be a damp squib. Tall claims made by the Authority on Tuesday of 'intensifying' the drive seem to have fallen flat as the second day of the drive, which happened in just three sectors, witnessed no sealing.On day two, the Authority's sealing drive started in sector 19 on Wednesday, but hardly three locations were covered. The officials, who claim to have drawn up a list of nearly 400 violators during their surveys of the last two months to identify property owners flouting land use norms, did not find a single property that was conducting commercial activity from the residential sectors. \"We visited sectors 12, 19 and 20, but did not find any illegal operations,\" said an Authority official. \"Most of these property owners seem to have heeded our warnings and have shut the shops,\" he added.The Authority's secretary and enforcement and sealing teams also inspected several banks. Officials confirmed that they will seal all banks that has not submitted an affidavit outlining the steps to be taken in shifting out of residential areas. \"We visited the banks located in three residential and found many of them were closed. Some were in the process of shifting their premises to alternate sites and had already submitted affidavits with us. Hence, we did not seal any bank today,\" said the officer.But though the Authority seems to have slowed down its pace, resuming sealing after nearly six weeks, officials warn that if allottees fail to stop commercial activities, they will face the sealing squad. \"We will continue the sealing drive as per the Supreme Court's directives,\" said SK Dwivedi, CEO Noida.Meanwhile, with the Supreme Court hearing of March 16 coming near, 64 banks have submitted their affidavits to the Authority outlining plans and timelines for shifting to their new premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276660", "title": "State may miss school toilets deadline, again", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as a tribal woman in Betul left her marital home within days of her wedding to protest the lack of a toilet and sparking a \" Toilet Revolution,\" the state school education department would be failing to comply with the Supreme Court deadline for separate toilets for boys and girls set for the end of this month.A study conducted by Madhya Pradesh Lok Sangharsh Sajha Manch (MPLSSM), a network of NGOs, in February shows of 188 primary and middle schools surveyed in 13 districts, separate toilets for boys and girls existed only in 69 of them.The MPLSSM conducted a study on various aspects of the Right to Education ( RTE) Act in the state in the month of October, November last year, when of the 170 schools inspected in the 13 districts of the state, separate male and female lavatories were found only in 49 of them. The report was then submitted to the state government in the last week of January.Principal secretary school education Manoj Jhanlani though differed, \"The target for toilets has been largely met. Of the 65, 000 odd toilets required, around 57,000 have been constructed last year. The remaining 8,000 toilets would be constructed by June 30.\"MPLSSM along with 13 partner organizations conducted a second survey in the month of February where 188 schools were surveyed. Of the schools surveyed, 149 were primary schools while 39 were middle schools. The districts where the survey was carried out were Dhar, Sheopur, Balaghat, Mandla, Dindori, Rewa, Satna, Damoh, Dewas, Alirajpur. Three cities; Bhopal, Indore and Gwalior were also surveyed.The report was submitted to Manoj Jhalani on February 28 and to the state school education minister Archana Chitnis on March 6.Javed Anis, secretary MPLSSM talking to TOI said, \"There is a greater problem that was highlighted in our survey. Many of these schools do not have a water supply. So even if the toilets are there, they would hardly be of any use in the absence water supply.\"Agreed Jhalani who said, \"Lack of piped-water and operational resource constraints were major problems. The state which gets sanctions for toilets under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) has also submitted to the Centre for the funds in the contingency and maintenance of the toilets under the XII plan.\"The Supreme Court on January 13 had extended its December 31 deadline to March 31 for states and Union Territories to provide for separate permanent toilets for boys and girls in all schools across India and reiterated that it was an essential part of the right to education of children.A bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra had said empirical studies had shown that parents were reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school if there was no provision for toilets.By its October 18, 2011 order, the court had directed states and UTs to provide for at least temporary toilet facilities for boys and girls by November 30 and permanent ones by December 31 which was then extended to March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12269296", "title": "Margao Shigmo festivities from March 17", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Shigmo committee headed by former Fatorda MLA Damodar Naik has announced that it will go ahead with its plans and the two-day Margao Shigmo programme will commence on March 17.Addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, Naik stated that on March 17, the annual Shigmo competition will be held at Ana Fonte garden, Margao, at 3.30pm, whereas on March 18, the traditional Shigmo float parade will start from the Holy Spirit church square at 4 pm.Incidentally, there is another committee, led by former chief minister Digambar Kamat, vying to celebrate the annual Shigmostav. Efforts in the past towards unification of the two groups were futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269403", "title": "Rail Budget: Bio-toilets to save tracks from corrosion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The open discharge toilets on Indian trains are costing the railways a staggering Rs 350 crore a year because of corrosion of tracks by night soil. Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has revived a six-year-old plan to install 'green' toilets, promising that 2,500 coaches will have the new system by 2013.\"As pointed out by the Kakodkar and Pitroda committees, there is an urgent need to replace the conventional toilets with 'green toilets' with a view to having a cleaner, hygienic and safer ecosystem,\" Trivedi said in his budget speech on Wednesday. The idea of green toilets has often been discussed in the past, but has not made much headway. Unclean toilets, dirty stations and soiled rail tracks are a common sight at railway stations across the country.Bio-toilets designed by the Defence Research and Development Organization are under trial, he said. \"Trials with retention-evacuation type toilets, such as vacuum toilets, are also planned on a few premium trains. More coaches will be equipped with green toilets,\" Trivedi said.The railways also plans to introduce a \"green train\" - a low-emission diesel locomotive and coaches with bio-toilets - to run through the forests of north Bengal.Full coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276680", "title": "Zaheda gets her statement recorded in court", "text": "BHOPAL: Prime accused in the murder case of RTI activist Shehla Masood, interior designer Zaheda Parvez on Wednesday got her statement recorded under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Core (CrPC) before the Special Court Judicial Magistrate Dr Shubhra Singh on Wednesday. However, Zaheda's friend and co-accused in the case Saba Farooqui has refused to give her statement.Senior CBI counsel Hemant Shukla said that Zahida gave her statement before the court while her friend and co-accused Saba Farooqui declined to do so. \"It's up to her as to when she wants to give a statement before the court under the provisions of Crpc,\" he said adding that both of them would be kept in Indore jail under judicial custody.Section 164 of the CrPC deals with recording of confession or statement to be made before any judicial magistrate during the course of investigation into the case.Defense lawyer Nafisa Ali told the media that her client was innocent.While the court had asked Zaheeda and Zaba on Tuesday to appear before the court on Wednesday to inform about recording of their statements, the third accused, Saquib alias Danger, had sought ten days' time for the same on Tuesday to decide whether he is willing to get his statement recorded. As per the court's directives, the accused were brought to the court at around 11 am under tight security. Zaheda had spent about 90 minutes to get her statement recorded.The CBI had arrested the three for their alleged role in the killing Shehla Masood. The other accused, Irfan, was arrested by the special task force of Uttar Pradesh police in Kanpur in connection with the other case. Saquib allegedly hired Irfan on Zaheda's behalf to eliminate Shehla. Irfan reportedly told the UP police that he, Shanu Aulanga and Salim shot Shehla outside her house in the Koh-e-Fiza area in Bhopal .According to the preliminary investigations, Zaheda was allegedly jealous of the 32-year-old RTI activist's alleged proximity to BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh. Singh is also being quizzed in connection with the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269741", "title": "Constable thrashed for trying to end brawl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi police constable was assaulted by drunken men after he intervened in a brawl in Mehrauli on Tuesday night. The victim has been identified as Ajay Kumar.Police said Kumar was on his way to the police station around 11.30pm when he noticed a crowd outside a restaurant. \"He stopped his bike and discovered that 4-5 drunken men were arguing with the restaurant owner. The men wanted to be served food though the restaurant was about to close,\" said a source.When Kumar asked the group to leave, one of the accused, Kuldeep, started arguing with him. \"Kuldeep hit Kumar and he fell. Soon, the other accused joined in and thrashed Kumar,\" the source said.Witnesses said the accused left the cop in a battered state and fled. A PCR call was then made and Kumar taken to the AIIMS Trauma Centre. A case of obstructing a government servant from discharging his duty (186 IPC), voluntary causing grievous hurt (333 IPC), and 353 (assault or criminal force) has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12270570", "title": "'Shirdi Ke Sai Baba' to be staged in Gondia for police welfare", "text": "GONDIA: The epic 'Shirdi Ke Sai Baba' which is proposed to be staged by \"Sanskar Multi Services Nagpur\" at the Indira Gandhi Stadium in Gondia for the welfare fund of the police on April 7, is expected to be an attraction for the people of this business town. This is an welcome attempt by the police department to stage a show based on communal harmony for collection of welfare fund for the police department.Speaking at a press conference, superintendent of police Gondia, Chandrakishore Meena said that the department expects good collection from the epic play which would be utilized for routine needs in casualties, plus a rest house in the town for junior officers of the department who come here on official tours, as well as a Mangal Karyalaya ,which would be useful for various programmes of the department and will also be a source of regular income from the funds.Speaking on this occasion, writer and director of the play Dr Naresh Gadekar and, convener PI Bonde said that it would stand to the expectations of the devotees of Sai Baba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji/margao/mapusa", "code": "12269551", "title": "Tourism industry limping back to business", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO/MAPUSA: A badly wounded industry is limping back to a semblance of business normalcy in what is often considered the beginning of the end of the state's tourism season.With the assembly polls finally through on March 6 and the code of conduct, imposed on December 24, 2011, ending, the ban on serving liquor and playing music post 10pm has been lifted.But even as the booze is flowing freely once again and the Karaoke sets are ready for their crooners, business is inconsistent, say stakeholders.While some say they are doing well, others are struggling to recover from the slackness of the December-to-February period otherwise considered the peak of Goa's six-month tourism season.\"The week gone by was good as people came to Goa in large numbers for Holi,\" says Baga-based shack owner and secretary, Shack Owners' Welfare Society, John Lobo.\"Tourists also know that they can now consume liquor after 10pm as the elections are over,\" he adds.Vernon Pereira, managing director, L'Amour beach resort, Benaulim, counters, \"The season is still pretty dead, but we will restart events (Karaoke, music shows) and hopefully things will improve.\"Shacks, restaurants and pubs, particularly in the North Goa beach belt of Anjuna, Arambol, Calangute, Baga and Morjim are witnessing more tourists after a lull of over a month.\"We are trying to recover at least some of the money we put in,\" says Harish Mandrekar, a pub owner from Anjuna.\"However the main season is almost over and the inflow of high-spending foreigners generally starts to recede in March,\" he adds.Shack owners had expressed dismay that the strict implementation of the code of conduct had drastically diminished their business prospects this season.It was also very difficult for shack and hotel owners to buy liquor as wholesale vendors had stopped supplies claiming harassment by election commission officials.\"It was impossible to run shacks (during the code) as no alcohol could be served to guests after 10pm. With a few days left to pack up, I am hoping for some business at least. However as the bar was closed for the last one month it is difficult to get guests now,\" says Panjak Sawant of Morjim.Cavelossim-based shack owner Cruz Cardozo, also the president of the Shack Owners' Welfare Society, says it's too late (for business) given that a lot of tourists have already left the state.As for the week gone by, he says there has been no significant recovery in terms of business returns.Ralph de Souza, spokesperson of the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa stresses, \"There was a lot of inconvenience to the industry during the code of conduct.\"Stating that the same could have been avoided if elections had been held in June, he adds, \"We don't hold anything against (the election decision) though as it is a democratic process.\" The strict implementation of the code, he adds, was needed for fair elections.But he also feels that domestic tourists, who usually come for a short time of two or three days, were among the most affected travellers.\"They like to come... spend time on the beach. If bars are shut and music stops at 10pm and everything comes to a standstill it's a dampener,\" says de Souza. \"The loss was more in terms of satisfaction for tourists than revenue,\" he opines.Closing early also affected foreign tourists who had opted for prepaid all-inclusive packages which included free drinks. De Souza observes that hotels and restaurants with extended bar licences (beyond 11pm) are now functioning as usual.During the code of conduct restaurateurs also had to cut down on what they could offer their customers.\"Employers of the music fraternity did not find it feasible to put up entertainment events due to curtailed hours. As such musicians were deprived of work,\" says Salazar Pereira, proprietor, Fiplees restaurant, Benaulim.Pereira feels the worst hit were pubs, clubs and bars. \"But what is lost is lost. It's in the past. That revenue cannot be recovered,\" he says as a matter of fact.Cardozo laments that some tourists are still clueless that elections are through.\"Many visitors are staying away as they think the curbs are still in place and will take time to be removed. Meanwhile the season is almost over,\" says Cardozo.De Souza points out that tourists from the traditional markets of Britain and Scandinavia are among those moving to other destinations, \"but the state is witnessing more tourists from East European countries like Poland, Latvia and Estonia \".\"The industry expects half-a-million tourists to visit the state this year,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270548", "title": "Govt to find experts to restore Kalas Mahal", "text": "CHENNAI: The government will start identifying conservation architects next week to prepare estimates for the restoration of Kalas Mahal, a wing of the 245-year-old Chepauk Palace, which was ravaged by fire on January 16. Based on the estimate, the public works department will float tenders for the reconstruction.\"The decision was taken based on the recommendations of an expert committee that assessed the stability of Kalas Mahal,\" said a senior official. The three-member committee, which was set up after the fire, submitted its report in January. It recommended restoration and rebuilding of the historic structure.It suggested that the portion occupied by the Inspectorate of Factories could be restored. The rest of the building, which housed the Directorate of Social Welfare and the Industries and Commerce offices, will have to be pulled down and rebuilt. Soon after the fire, authorities said they might demolish it.However, conservationists protested as the palace was the residence of the Nawabs of Arcot and one of the first examples of buildings in the Indo-Saracenic style of architecture. The expert committee, consisting of PWD chief engineer (buildings) R Gopalakrishnan, former CMDA chief planner C Palanivelu, and independent consultant and former dean of Anna University A R Shanthakumar, said that parts of the building that had collapsed could be rebuilt in the same architectural style. The Prince of Arcot, Nawab Mohammed Abdul Ali, a descendant of Nawabs of Arcot, welcomed the government's decision to restore the historic building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12271306", "title": "Are you at the risk of stroke?", "text": "LUDHIANA: Change in lifestyle has led to increased stress that is affecting the health of residents, and stroke is one of the main signs of this. To give an idea of the risk associated with the same, and to gather more information about stroke, stroke types and risk factors, the department of neurology at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) is conducting a \"Population based stroke registry survey\" sponsored by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR).\"This project is being conducted only in Ludhiana under the neurology department of CMCH and will highlight factors like hypertension, diabetes , heart diseases and alcohol consumption that lead to stroke in the form of brain attack, paralysis, brain hemorrhage,\" a spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271720", "title": "Late arrival: Health &amp; hygiene on platform", "text": "KOCHI: Health and hygiene have finally entered the agenda of railway officials with the railway minister announcing the setting up of special bodies to increase amenities in trains.As per his announcement, 2,500 coaches will have bio-toilets, which would be much cleaner and easier to maintain than the conventional ones.\"I am glad someone has actually begun to talk hygiene in trains. We were travelling in Punjab and had to make an overnight journey in a local train from Delhi. It was a horrible experience. There wasn't water and all the toilets were so dirty that children almost puked,\" said Bindu Suresh, a government employee.A regular traveller between Tirur and Kozhikode, she says it is in long distance trains that one often comes across similar conditions in Kerala. \"Compartments are so dirty that it is a mental torture to finish the journey,\" she added.Green toilets is an initiative of the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO). Trials have already been done in major cities, including Chennai and Bangalore.Passengers have also welcomed the proposal to set up a special housekeeping body to enhance the standard of hygiene.\"We often find food packets being kept near the toilets, which stink. It is very difficult to think of eating in these circumstances. Most often, passengers end up with health problems by the end of the journey,\" said Charulatha Narayanan, yoga teacher, Ernakulam.Also among the amenities proposed are escalators at stations, book-a-meal scheme, AC lounge, extension of housekeeping, mobile booking, and alternate train accommodation system to house waitlisted passengers.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275309", "title": "Dhanush's next with Bharatbala", "text": "After 3, Dhanush will be working on a film with popular video filmmaker Bharatbala.After getting tremendous response for his song Kolavari, actor Dhanush has been flooded with offers. But the actor is not in hurry. Dhanush has recently signed a film with Bharatbala (known for his Vande Mataram and Jana Gana Mana videos).Bharatbala and A R Rehman who have worked together on many projects will be collaborating once again for this film. Dhanush announced the news through social networking sites. He wrote, \"My next film will be with Bharatbala under Ascar films and with Oscar winner A R Rehman's music.\"The film will go on floor as soon as he completes his first Bollywood flick Raanjhnaa. Reportedly his film with Bharatbala will be released in Tamil and Hindi simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12277004", "title": "A new TV show launch in Mumbai", "text": "There was excitement in the air as Colors launched its new social thriller recently at JW Marriott. Doing the honours of launching Chhall Sheh Aur Maat were Abbas-Mustan.Prashaant Bhatt, Fiction Head of Colors and producers Bhairavi Raichura and Nandita Mehra took the opportunity of introducing the cast to the rest of the guests. It certainly was a big moment for newcomers Abhishek Malik, Avinesh Rekhi and Hunnar Ali when Abbas-Mustan greeted them and got busy explaining the nuances of thriller genre to them.The evening that started with a dance act unveiling the storyline saw Anoop Soni as the emcee. Speaking on the occasion Abbas-Mustan said, \"We are overwhelmed to see that television is coming up with such good concepts like films in the thriller genre. After hearing the script, we can sense that the show has great potential.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270779", "title": "Army ignores NMC, restarts work at Fort", "text": "NAGPUR: The Indian Army and Nagpur Municipal Corporation seem in for a period of attrition over construction of married accommodation in Sitabuldi fort campus. Army authorities began construction without seeking sanction of plans by NMC nor approval of heritage committee which is essential as per municipal laws.Responding to a notice by NMC against the constructions, Army authorities have stated they had permission from ministry of defence and there was no need for permission from local civic body. The Army also restarted the construction which was held up. While municipal laws do not exempt military authorities from permission, the Army has failed to cite any law or rule under which it is claiming exemption.The residential quarters being built are meant to accommodate married officers posted at Institute of Military Law (IML) at Kamptee, and at army establishments in Pulgaon and Nagpur. The quarters are being build on Zero Mile side while servants quarters are being built on Ganesh Tekdi side. Many trees at the site were also chopped down by the army, again without statutory permission from NMC.\"The rules require everybody, whether an individual or an organization, to get approval from local body for any construction even on their own land. There is no exemption to defence organizations from this rule. The army appears to have ignored this and started construction on Sitabuldi fort land that also happens to be a heritage site,\" said NMC's assistant director (town planning) Vijay Goswami.Goswami said, \"we will be seeking legal opinion on this.\" In a recent letter to town planning department superintending engineer S M Waghmare of Military Engineer Services reiterated that they had permission from their own higher authorities which was never in question. Waghmare stated that the work was being carried out within the boundaries of Army Station/army area, which too was not in doubt.\"Any construction within the army area/cantonment is done as per the norms and standards and has the approval of station commander Kamptee. The buildings are being constructed on A1 defence land meant for army constructions,\" the letter stated. He failed to cite any rule that says local development control rules do not apply on such lands or local bodies have no jurisdiction over them.He stated, however, that there was no FSI violation and offset being provided all around the buildings was higher than required by NMC. Moreover, large numbers of buildings have been constructed in and around defence land in Nagpur and they include Kamptee, Vayusena Nagar and Ambazari defence. \"No approval has ever been taken from local civic body. This is being done to ensure security and safety of structures being built,\" Waghmare claimed.In their letter, Army also claimed that the Sitabuldi fort was not a protected monument in terms of the provisions of the Ancient Monument and Archeological Sites and Remains Act 2010. In view of this, permission from the local authority for construction within the A1 defence land may not be insisted upon, the letter said.A senior army official contacted by TOI backed the stance of Waghmare. Though he too failed to explain any such exemption in laws, he claimed in the past too the army had not obtained any permission from local civic authority. He wondered how civic body could declare someone else's property as heritage site without their consent. \"The construction is far away from the protected site,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269342", "title": "Rail Budget: Nine new entities lined up, railways to hire 1L more", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi may have ended the status quo by announcing a fare hike but maintained the tradition of \"creating jobs\" by announcing at least nine new entities and unveiling a plan to hire over one lakh additional employees.What Trivedi did not tell you but the fine print reveals is that of the Rs 10,285 crore increase that he has budgeted for in 2012-13, over 55% or Rs 5,723 crore is on account of higher wages and pensions and increase in staff costs.This is only going to rise further as new entities come up. From managing stations to unmanned crossings and logistics hubs, new public sector companies have been proposed to add to the 11 that Indian Railways already has. In addition, there are at least two more regulatory agencies - one for safety and another for fixing tariffs - that will create jobs not just for fresh graduates but also retired babus.For passengers, Trivedi has promised a specialized housekeeping body to ensure trains and railway stations are cleaned up over the next six months. \"This is a very specialized activity which comes under the core area of housekeeping,\" he said.Plus, there is going to be a National High Speed Rail Authority to roll out India's version of bullet trains. The idea initially was to run six such trains, but the plan is now going to expand to include more although seven years after they were first conceived high-speed trains are still on the drawing board.If the thrust on safety prompted Trivedi to announce the establishment of the Railway Research and Development Council, a Railway Design Centre is going to be set up in the National Institute of Design campus in Ahmedabad to work on giving the over a century old departmental enterprise a new feel. The centre will work on everything from station architecture to coach layouts, luggage storage space in coaches and toilets and ticketing kiosks.Nine new entities would also mean that thousands of new jobs are generated over the next few years. In any case, the minister said over a lakh new employees will be added during 2012-13 to add to the 80,000 who were hired this year \"to fill up vacancies\".With 13.6 lakh employees in 2010-11, the Indian Railways is the largest employer globally. Over the years, each railway minister has done his or her bit to ensure that the lead increases even if the wage and the pension bill goes up.Full coverage:Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12270616", "title": "Woman held with explosives", "text": "SALEM: Salem railway police on Wednesday arrested a 24-year-old woman after explosives were recovered from her bag. According to police, Palani, 28, his wife Kavitha and her brother Suresh, 23, of Nukkampadi village in Tiruvannamalai district were at the Salem railway station on Tuesday night.Police officers interrogated them as they looked suspicious. But as the policemen approached them, Palani and Suresh escaped. Kavitha was apprehended and interrogated by the police who found explosives in her possession. Kavitha said she worked in a stone quarry at Kalichery in Kerala along with the other two.They had purchased the explosives in Tiruvannamalai as it was required for their quarry work. However, she was not aware of the person who sold them the explosives. \"As she did not have the licence to purchase explosives, she was arrested under the Explosives Substance Act,\" said railway police inspector B Manigandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270373", "title": "Man held for kidnapping brother-in-law\u2019s daughters", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old cook, who allegedly kidnapped his brother-in-law's two daughters, was arrested on Wednesday and the girls rescued. A police team noticed the accused, Ravi, taking the children towards the Tirunindravur railway station at 6am and nabbed him. Joint commissioner of police (west zone) K Shankar said, \"We solved the kidnap case within 12 hours and rescued the kidnapped children.\"Assistant commissioner of police (MKB Nagar) Govi Manoharan said during questioning, Ravi confessed to abducting the girls to harass Madhanagopal, brother of his wife Shanthi, for giving her shelter after she left Ravi. Ravi, a native of Maharashtra, told police that his wife had left him recently and was staying with her brother Madhanagopal, employee of a furniture firm, in MKB Nagar. When Ravi went there and pleaded with his wife to return, she refused. Madhanagopal then asked him to leave the house and Ravi decided take revenge by kidnapping Madhanagopal's daughters, police said.Ravi told police officers that he intercepted the children while they were returning home from school on Tuesday evening and took them to the house of his friend Kumar, who runs a small eatery, in Sembium near Perambur. After making the children walk for more than three km, Ravi told Kumar that the children had been abandoned by their parents and that he had decided to bring them up.Kumar, however, refused to accept his story and turned him away, police said. Later, Ravi took them to the Perambur railway station and travelled to Veppampattu to meet Veeraiah, a catering contractor. He too refused to believe Ravi's tale and asked him to leave the place but however gave the two girls some food, police said. Ravi then took the children to Tirunindravur to meet Doss, who is also a cook. After Doss too refused to allow them to stay at his house, Ravi stayed with the children at a temple. On Wednesday morning, he took the children to Tirunindravur railway station where he was caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12275425", "title": "'Head injury main cause for deaths in most road mishaps\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Every year several lives are lost in road accidents in the district. While rash driving, violation of traffic rules and over-speeding are three main reasons behind these accidents, many two-wheeler riders do not wear do not wear helmets that can save lives to a great extent.The postmortem reports of the two-wheeler riders have revealed that most of them died due to head injury. The majority of two-wheeler riders killed in road accidents in the district were between 20 and 35 years.To spread awareness about wearing helmet, the traffic police has taken recourse to audio and video educational medium.Traffic inspector Indrapal Singh said, \"We repeatedly tell two-wheeler riders to wear helmet while driving. We have carry out educational and awareness programmes.\"Currently, the message is being aired that the wearing a helmet of good quality can save the life of two-wheeler riders in case of collision. A two-wheeler rider is most likely to sustain injuries no matter what he hits a pedestrian, a stray cattle or another vehicle, states a traffic police report.The report also revealed that a section of riders either carry the helmet with the two-wheeler or they do not strap it properly. The helmet should be properly strapped, else it would come out during an accident.Traffic police have installed hoardings, banners and posters at main streets and crossing, highlighting the importance of wearing helmet. Cops have urged the riders to desist from wearing sub-standard helmet, citing the example of mishap in Phaphamau, where the pieces of the sub-standard helmet got pierced into the rider's head when he collided with a speeding vehicle.Body found: Body of a 36-year-old man, identified as Chandan D Hari, was recovered from a pond in Meja police circle on Wednesday. Police said the deceased was last spotted consuming liquor with his friend outside the village. He was missing for past three days. The body was later sent for postmortem.Woman thief arrested: Government Railway Police on Wednesday arrested a woman thief, Puja Verma, a native of Meerut, and recovered stolen articles, cash, dollars, passport from her. The arrest was made near platform number 1. Inspector Devendra Mishra of GRP said Puja, 22, was held along with her aides Shehnaz and Shafeeza, was operating on Sangam express for past one year. They used to travel between Meerut and Allahabd and lift the luggage and precious items of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chhapar chiri", "code": "12270060", "title": "Winds of change blowing in Chhapar", "text": "CHHAPAR CHIRI: Punjab may have seen four Akali Dal governments in over last 40 years but a somewhat sleepy Chhapar Chiri village, falling in Mohali district (some 15-km from Chandigarh), has come into their focus only recently. This historical village has seen a transformation of fortunes in the last few months.Two new roads, connecting this village with Mohali and Landran towns, increased land prices, better connectivity through buses and many upcoming new projects like a cafe, more landscaping and tiled floors are on the cards for this village.The previous two swearing-in ceremonies of Akali Dal, in 1997 and 2007, took place at Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) stadium in Mohali but this time newly built four-walled 20-acre campus of Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Jangi Yadgar (Fateh Burj) here was the first choice of the government.\"Eh taan ajooba he ho gya hai, eh Fateh Burj meria aankhan de saamne bania hai te hun shapath ceremony, saade pind da tan naksha he badal gya hai.... (It's a miracle. This Fateh Burj was built before my eyes, right from the day when its foundation stone was laid and now the swearing-in ceremony. The map of our village has totally changed,\" Bhupinder Singh , 77, a retired defence official here told TOI.Sukhdeep Kaur, 29, a housewife here, told TOI, \"My parents reside in Landran town. Earlier, we had to take a longer route and it was around 13-km but now the distance is reduced to only 5-km. Recently a private mini-bus has also started coming to our village.\"There are many new things in the pipeline including a two-lane road here.\"I am sure that earlier Sukhbir Badal did not know even the name of our village but now it has become his favourite destination. In fact after today's function, whole Punjab knew us. In the last couple of months, many inquisitive tourists have come here,\" Master Gurcharan Singh, another retired defence official, told TOI.Sukhmani Kaur, another local resident, said, \"Our land prices have increased manifold in the last six months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12279691", "title": "Vidya Balan's next a Marathi film?", "text": "Actress Vidya Balan is known for versatality, and picking up roles that not many actresses would touch. So what's the unique thing she is doing next?Besides her item number, the girl is all set to be part of regional cinema. The girl is most keen to do different things that come her way. Known to speak as many as nine languages, the actress, who is most keen to do a South Indian film - as she is a South Indian herself - is also excited about doing a Marathi movie.Apparently, filmmaker Mahesh Manjrekar had expressed a desire of her to work in a Marathi film which he is scripting. Having been an actress born and brought up in Mumbai, Vidya Balan is most pleased to consider the opportunity. However, she maintains that she is still waiting for the script.So if all goes well, Vidya may soon be seen doing the Marathi mulgi act, and will hopefully wow the audience with her Kasa-kai role, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275619", "title": "Kamal ropes in Hollywood stunt master", "text": "Hollywood stunt master Lee Whittaker, known for choreographing the action sequences in films like Pearl Harbor , has choreographed the climax fight in the Kamal Haasan starrer Viswaroopam.Sources say that when this ace stunt master was first approached for Viswaroopam, he rejected outright. But the Viswaroopam team persuaded him to see some of the Kamal Haasan's previous films to gauge his penchant for stunt scenes.Lee Whittaker reportedly was pleased with the stunt scenes that were screened for him. Praising Kamal for his dedication and hard work and the involvement with which he had done those fights, Lee Whittaker decided to choreograph the climax. This particular fight was filmed on Kamal and Rahul Bose .Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore ", "code": "12270883", "title": "Innovative male infertility testing", "text": "COIMBATORE : Women's Centre and Hospital, a health care organisation for women in the city, has signed an agreement with US based SCSA Diagnostics, to offer innovative male infertility testing facility, claimed to be first of its kind in the country.As part of the agreement, the organisation will have the Sperm Chromatin Structure Assay (SCSA) testing lab at the hospital to accurately identify men suffering from infertility problems.Speaking to reporters, Mirudhubashini Govindarajan, the clinical director of Women's Centre, said that the Sperm Chromatin Structure Assay (SCSA) is an assessment of sperm DNA fragmentation that identifies men with a highly reduced probability of initiating and supporting a successful pregnancy. This test comes as a boon for those couples suffering unexplained infertility, as they could avoid expensive infertility treatment, taking advantage of this new test.She said that cases of male infertility have seen an increase and could be due to various reasons, including air pollution, insecticides and pesticides used by farmers, use of heavy metals like Cadmium by goldsmiths and exposure to extreme heat or the effects of electromagnetic waves produced from cell phones and laptops.The SCSA test measures what the light microscope cannot see, namely the extremely important integrity of the male genome. It uses a sophisticated laser and computer based instrument called a flow cytometer and special proprietary software to calculate the results, Mirudhubashini said. The lab will be launched at the end of April.Donald P Evenson, President and Director, SCSA Diagnostics INC, said that the SCSA test measures the percent of sperm in a semen sample that has fragmented DNA as well as the extent of that DNA fragmentation. The test results are significantly more stable over time than results obtained by conventional semen analysis, which look at sperm concentration, motility and shape, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269709", "title": "Goa Government Employees' Association's issues will be solved by April: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: A delegation comprising various taluka committees and the working committee of Goa Government Employees' Association (GGEA) met chief minister Manohar Parrikar at his Porvorim office this week.Parrikar assured the GGEA delegation that their pending demand of upgradation of pay scales for all the left out categories would be settled by the end of April.GGEA also submitted a file containing a proposal on the probable monthly financial liabilities worked out by it and subsequently endorsed by the special committee under the chairmanship of law secretary Pramod Kamat.The delegation headed by GGEA president M L Shetkar thanked the chief minister for giving them a hearing and for assuring to settle the demand, despite his busy schedule in the preparation of the budget. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chhapar chiri (mohali)", "code": "12270068", "title": "Badals go the extra mile on hospitality meter", "text": "CHHAPAR CHIRI (Mohali): If there were free air miles attached to the Punjab government's flying machines, they would run into several free air tickets.On Wednesday, state CM and deputy CM - both frequent air hoppers and whose air bill touched Rs 6.5 crore last year - went the extra mile on their hospitality meter when they helly-hopped VIPs, political leaders and ministers from across the party lines to their swearing-in ceremony at Chhapar Chiri on state hired machines.A specially hired 10-seater fixed-wing aircraft Beechcraft 350 flew BJP veteran L K Advani, senior politicians Nitin Gadkari, Vasundara Raje, Rajnath Singh, Navjot Sidhu and Pratibha Advani, depleting the state exchequer by nearly Rs 8 lakhs for a 40-km two-way ride between Chandigarh and Mohali that lasted 20 minutes.A few minutes later, a chopper was despatched to 'pick and drop' two AIADMK MPs - M Thambidurai and V Maitreyan - from Chandigarh to Mohali.The chopper was hired by India Fly Safe aviation with hourly charges of Rs 2.75 lakhs.Political leaders such as former Union minister Praful Patel, BJP leader Shanta Kumar, Vijay Goel and Karnataka PWD minister C M Udasi reached the ceremony in their privately hired aircraft.Himachal CM Prem Kumar Dhumal and his MP son Anurag Thakur came to the venue by their state chopper.Gujarat CM Narendra Modi was the only one who chose to travel from Chandigarh to Mohali by road.\"Even he (Modi) had come on a private aircraft,\" a senior official at Chandigarh airport told TOI.Earlier, as many as six private choppers too kept raising small dust storms in Chhapar Chiri.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12274541", "title": "Orphaned by Naxalite violence, children get home in Palamu", "text": "DALTONGANJ:: Children in the age group of six to 14 who lost their parents either in Naxal violence, or belong to families which have lost the bread-earner in police encounter or in Naxal infighting, will get free accommodation, food and education at Gurukul in Latehar.Gurkul is a concept devised by Latehar deputy commissioner Rahul Purwar. It is a kind of a shelter for the orphans, elderly people and also physically challenged children, irrespective of their caste, creed or gender. Purwar said the nine-room Latehar collectorate will be the venue of Gurukul, which will be inaugurated on April 4. \"The corporate houses the in Latehar district have taken it upon themselves to furnish and renovate it at their own cost. Gurukul will be funded under the 'innovative education' head of the 'Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan\", he said.Initially, 50 people will be housed in Gurukul. A five-member committee of the Latehar Red Cross Society will be managing Gurukul and donations to the Red Cross, Latehar will be exempted from income tax. He said corporate houses, two of them in the Latehar district, have been roped in for the initial rolling of Gurukul.He said mukhiyas, panchayat ward members and other local functionaries have been asked to locate and identify those children who have lost their parents in Naxal violence or are living in dire straits, where their parents are not in a position to take care of them or to bring the children to Gurukul. \"Old people will act as teachers, guides and friends to the inmates of Gurukul,\" Purwar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12270781", "title": "Teen commits suicide", "text": "AKOLA: A Std 7 student Neha Satish Kale (13), of old city area ended her life by hanging herself to death in her house on Tuesday afternoon. She was the student of Mohridevi Khandelwal Kanya Vidyalaya. The reason behind suicide is not yet known.In another incident, 60-year-old Gangaram Antewar, of Shastri committed suicide by throwing himself before the train in Krishi Nagar area on Tuesday.Two unknown dead bodies were also found in the city on Tuesday. One was found dead near Pan Tapir in Nimwadi area, while the other person was found unconscious near old ST bus stand. He died on the way to hospital. The person's age was stated to be 55.Another youth was found dead on NH6 near Nimwadi area, on Tuesday. He was identified as Sandeep Sayyam (30), of Pulgaon in Wardha district. It was found that he was suffering from some incurable disease and was hospitalized in general hospital on March 3. The cause of his death and how he reached NH6 from the hospital is not known.Citizens prevent tax collection: The property tax collecting team of Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC), headed by Mumtaz Ali, returned empty-handed as they were prevented from collecting tax by the citizens of Kaulkhed on Tuesday.AMC had initiated a special drive for door-to-door tax collection. AMC had fixed the target of Rs 20 crores this year in the current month and collected about Rs 13 crores. A complaint has been lodged with the concerned administration of AMC.Police stop last rites, send body for post mortem: The police stopped the last rites of a person, after hospital failed to inform them of the person's death, on Tuesday. 35-year-old Preetam Mahato, sweeper of Bapu Nagar area, was hospitalized in Sahara critical centre on March 11 after he consumed poison. He died on March 12.However, instead of informing the police first, the hospital handed over the dead body of the deceased to the relatives. Somebody informed this incident to the brother of the deceased at Dahihanda, who informed Dahihanda police who in turn contacted Akola police.The city police reached Bapu Nagar, where they found funeral in process. Police then took the possession of dead body and sent it for post mortem. The report is still awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269443", "title": "Rail Budget: Short on steam but high on hope", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dinesh Trivedi's budget projected one of the most dramatic recoveries ever in railway finances by suggesting that the operating ratio - which measures what percentage of revenues are consumed by routine expenses - will improve from 95% in this year to 84.9% in 2012-13.This allowed the budget to also show a 10-fold jump in the surplus of railways from under Rs 1,500 crore in the revised estimates for the current year to over Rs 15,500 crore in 2012-13. It also meant that the minister could set aside Rs 5,000 crore for the capital fund compared to the measly Rs 942 crore this year and Rs 10,557 crore for development against Rs 550 crore.The allocations, however, are predicted on revenue and expenditure projections that might prove a tad optimistic. On the revenue side, the budget projects an increase of over Rs 29,000 crore almost entirely thanks to higher traffic receipts. That is clearly the impact of the fare and freight hikes.Passenger revenue is slated to go up by 25% at a time when the number of passengers travelling or the passenger-kilometres they are estimated to log up is projected to grow by just about 5%. In other words, the proposed fare hikes yield on average 20% extra.Similarly, revenue from freight is estimated to increase by 30% over the revised estimates for the current year despite the fact that the increase in the freight volume is slated to rise by a mere 5.7%.On the expenditure side, working expenses are expected to rise by under 12%, which may prove a considerable underestimate given that staff strength is supposed to increase by a lakh and fuel prices are highly volatile.It is clear that the railways is looking at the general budget and borrowings for a boost to expansion and modernisation plans. Of an annual plan of Rs 60,100 crore, just about Rs 18,000 crore is to come from internal resources.Of the 12th Plan target of investments of Rs 7.35 lakh crore, less than Rs 2 lakh crore will be funded by internally generated resources.It does appear that the railways is going to be on borrowed time.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273334", "title": "Saif and Deepika kiss and make up", "text": "The actors put Race 2 episode behind, shoot for Cocktail in DelhiIt isn't too easy to hold on to little tiffs in the industry. More so, against one who happens to be your co-star in a film. And thus letting bygones be bygones, Saif Ali Khan has decided to be friends again with his Cocktail heroine Deepika Padukone . In fact, we spotted the two actors chatting, hugging and generally having a whale of a time while shooting for the film's climax in Asiad Village, New Delhi.For those who missed the big Race 2 controversy, here's a quick recap - Deepika dropped out of the film. Producer Ramesh Taurani declared war. Meanwhile, her co-stars of the film including old buddy Saif (who she had worked with in Love Aaj Kal) started ignoring her. The actress finally gave in and decided to return to the project.Though Taurani may still not be entirely happy with Dippy, her co-actor Saif has surely forgiven her. On Wednesday morning, Saif and Deepika shot for the climax scene for Homi Adajania's Cocktail in the national capital. The actors along with their co-star Diana Penty were spotted in the open area behind Siri Fort Auditorium.The climax scene is also the last one being shot in the film and involved the characters of Diana, Deepika and Saif hugging. We noticed that the chemistry shared by the trio in front of the camera did not diminish off it. In fact, the three were having so much fun on the sets (Deepika was even spotted enjoying some Delhi ke golguppe), that a single shot involving them took multiple retakes.The sequence that involved two consecutive days of shoot (Tuesday and Wednesday), also had over a hundred junior artistes trying to create a busy city backdrop in the otherwise quiet Siri Fort area. After wrapping up the shoot, everybody was happy to fly back to aamchi Mumbai sans their hero Saif, who stayed on to promote his upcoming film Agent Vinod in the city.Produced by Illuminati films, Cocktail will hit the theatres on July 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269215", "title": "Chief secretary told to pursue Goa's lokayukta bill with Centre", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar asked chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava who is in Delhi, to follow up with the Union government, Goa's Lokayukta Bill which was forwarded to Delhi in January.Speaking to TOI, Parrikar said, \"I will also follow up on the bill's progress next week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12269032", "title": "Six-year-old kidnapped, murdered in Indapur", "text": "PUNE: A man on police records allegedly kidnapped his neighbour's six-year-old son and assaulted him to death over a petty quarrel that happened a few months ago. The incident took place at Takrarwadi in Indapur taluka about 135 kms from Pune.The Walchandnagar police have identified the deceased as Yash Vilas Dhavale of Takrarwadi. Yash, who was missing since Sunday (March 11), was found dead on Tuesday on the foothills of a hillock near Takrarwadi. His body was kept in a bag. He had several wounds on his body, said assistant police inspector of Walchandnagar police station Dashrath Patil.The police have arrested the main suspect, Akbar Shaikh (28), and his seven accomplices, including his sister and her husband. His accomplices were identified as Ayesha Shaikh, Rashid Shaikh, Amir Shaikh, Shoab Shaikh, Ajay Kamble, Sagar Shelar and Adesh Bhosale, all from Takrarwadi.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, Patil said that Yash's father, Vilas Dhavale, had lodged a missing complaint with the Bhigvan police outpost on Sunday. \"On Tuesday morning, Yash's body was found in a bag near the Dhavale house.\"Patil said Dhavale suspected Shaikh's involvement in his son's kidnapping. \"We detained Shaikh for questioning. He confessed that he was involved and also revealed the names of his accomplices.\"He said, \"Shaikh said that a few months ago, he had had a quarrel with Dhavale, who along with some others had nabbed him while committing a theft. Shaikh had hatched a plot to kidnap and kill Yash to take revenge.\"Shaikh has a previous criminal record. He has cases of petty thefts registered against him in the Walchandnagar police station. \"The suspects were produced before the court in Indapur and sent to police custody till March 19,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269753", "title": "Abducted businessman rescued from Hisar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 54-year-old businessman who was abducted by a financier after he could not repay his car loan was rescued from Haryana, police said. The financier Nishant (27) and his employee Shambhu (19) were arrested from Hisar on Tuesday.The victim Ajay Kumar had got a car financed through Nishant when he and his family were living in Hisar before they shifted to Delhi. Kumar could not repay the loan due to financial problems. Two days ago, Nishant turned up at Ajay's residence in Tilak Nagar, thrashed and abducted him.Nishant had told the family Kumar would be released only after the loan was repaid. The family lodged a complaint. Cops traced Nishant to Hansi near Hisar using technical surveillance.A third accused Vikram is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271102", "title": "Ring Road viable if built only on 360m-wide land: Shanti Dhariwal", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is hell bent on constructing the ring road on 360-metre wide land despite continuous protest against it by the farmers. During the empowered committee meeting on Wednesday urban housing and development minister (UDH) minister Shanti Dhariwal announced the ring road will only be constructed on the proposed 360 metre land.Under the ring road project, government had proposed a 90-metre-wide transport corridor and 135-wide development corridors on both side of the transport corridor. The idea has, however, not gone down well with the farmers who are demanding market price compensation for the 90-metre stretch and return of the excess land.\"The construction of ring road is only viable if the development corridors are constructed on either side. The ring road will only be constructed on 360 metres,\" Dhariwal said.Recently, protesting farmers have suggested to the state government that the JDA should give back 25% of developed land and return the acquired land. Also, the government should auction land from 135-metre land acquired from the farmers and distribute the profit among them.Dhariwal, however, said, \"The JDA has to spend around Rs 2,275 crore to construct the development corridor and the revenue earned from the acquired land will be only around Rs 1,500 crore and the authority has to bear around Rs 700 crore. As JDA will not earn any profit, the demands of the farmers are unjustified.\"Along with the transport corridor, the JDA will also have to construct slip lanes, flyover underpasses, gas lines, electricity lines on the development corridor of which the farmers are demanding back 25% after its development.Dhariwal said around 80% of the affected farmers are in favor of the project as the state government has already accepted to their demands. \"The JDA has accepted the farmers' demand that the lease money of the new land given to them in return for their acquired land will be Re 1 per metre. Also, we have allowed mixed use of the land which the farmers will get in lieu of the development corridor.\"During the empowered committee meeting, a decision was taken so that owners whose land acquired under 90B for the project can use 40% of the land for residential purposes and 10% for commercial purposes.Badri Prasad Sharma, president of the Ring Road Sangarsh Samiti, said, \"The farmers can develop the corridors on their own. For the purpose, we are ready to pay administrative, development and auction charges to the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12276477", "title": "Kangana Ranaut turns fashion police", "text": "Kangana Ranaut recently showed off her claws when asked who her favourite style diva was.She candidly revealed to zoOm, \"There are so many heroines who haven't changed anything about their looks ever since I was in school. They still wear the same shade of lipstick and wear their hair in the exact same way.\"When asked her to throw in a few names, she played safe and said, \"I don't want to be disrespectful, and I don't want to get into controversies, but I think people know who I'm talking about. It's sad that actresses don't experiment.\" We wonder who's getting the 'cut' from Kangana...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12271527", "title": "Hockey team hopes for podium finish", "text": "MYSORE: Indian hockey team which has found place in the London Olympics is hoping for a podium finish.Three stars of Indian hockey team from Karnataka -- SV Sunil, V Raghunath and SK Uthappa -- on Wednesday said they are hopeful that they would bring back the glory of Indian hockey in the forthcoming Olympics, which is scheduled to begin in July 2012 in London.At present, they are undergoing training at one of the best camps in India - Bangalore. They, however, will be playing in one of the fastest turfs in world and to which they need to acclimatize, which is essential to record win. During an interaction with Mysore District Journalists' Association members on Wednesday, the trio shared their experiences and said they struggled hard for nearly six months to qualify for the Olympics. They promise that the team will not leave the country and fans disappointed in the big game.\"The support we have been getting after the qualifying match has boost our morale,\" the players chorused. Sunil, in reply to a query, said the team's strength lies in the forward line attack. \"The team is strong and doing well in every area of the game. We are hopeful of better performance,\" said the forward and right wing player.\"While after the new coach from Australia Michael Nobs took over, the game plan has completely changed from defense to attacking means,\" said V Raghunath, adding that it has been the new mantra of the Indian hockey team.\"No doubt India is capable of tackling high profile teams like Australia but it's very essential for players to stay 'mentally fit' during the game no matter what the situation is,\" Raghunath felt.\"Ahead of the Olympics, we will try our luck in the four-nation competition in April-May. It will boost our confidence to face the big game,\" Raghunath said.SK Uthappa, midfielder, said it was his dream to play for the country and a young player like him can't ask for anything more than representing India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270433", "title": "Woman cop slaps wife of minister\u2019s PA", "text": "CHENNAI: A community service register (CSR) has been registered against a woman police inspector for allegedly slapping the wife of a personal assistant to a state minister. Police said the inspector, Meena Kumari, slapped Sentamizh Selvi for entering the VIP area at the Murugan Temple in Vadapalani without a valid pass during a special puja on Tuesday.When confronted, Selvi abused the woman inspector. According to Meena Kumari, people waiting in queue at the VIP area complained to her that Selvi walked directly into the corridor. When Meena Kumari intervened and inquired whether she had a VIP pass, Selvi initially ignored her and then abused her.Subsequently, the inspector slapped her for abusing her. Meanwhile, some AIADMK cadres rushed there and abused Meena Kumari. Based on a complaint from the inspector and Selvi, Vadapalani police registered a CSR. Police have begun investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12275260", "title": "Police suspect that pesticide was mixed with liquor", "text": "VADODARA: Investigations into the spurious liquor case has revealed that the bootlegger didn't mix methanol in the liquor. Police officials said that the bootlegger has in all probability used organo phosphorous, a chemical used for protecting cotton crop. Sources said that Rama Tadvi, the bootlegger who used to make country made liquor in Panej village of Sankheda taluka, may have used the chemical for giving his customers a better high.A senior police official said, \"We are now waiting for the viscera report and chemical analysis of the deceased's stomach wash. In all probabilities, Tadvi must have mixed organo phosphorous, which has heavy gas, in the liquor that led to the deaths and illness. It is a poisonous chemical that is easily available locally. No methanol has been used in the liquor. If methanol mixed liquor is consumed then it first affects eyes.\"Sources said that the place where liquor was sold was in extreme interiors of Bodeli and all the victims had walked to the spot for buying it. \"The chemical is stored by locals and hence we are suspecting that Tadvi may have bought it easily. But we can confirm it only after we get the reports,\" the official added.Sources added that Tadvi was not a listed bootlegger and had only one offence recorded against him. In December 2011, he was booked for storing and selling country made liquor worth meagre Rs 170.The cops are, however, tight-lipped about their own failure in detecting and cracking down on such liquor dens. Even 48 hours after the incident, no action has been taken against any local cop. Instead, the cops are now busy raiding different locations in Bodeli to crack down on local bootleggers.An inquiry has also been initiated into the incident and in-charge DSP S U Pandey will head it. District collector Vinod Rao has also ordered an formal inquiry by Dabhoi sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) S P Baghora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "salem/kozhikode", "code": "12270607", "title": "Five of a family killed in highway crash near Hosur", "text": "SALEM/KOZHIKODE: Five members of a family were killed late Tuesday night when the car they were travelling in collided with a tipper lorry near Soolagiri in Krishnagiri district. According to Soolagiri police, V Rajesh, 28, a software engineer employed in Chennai, his wife Arthi Chandra, 25, their two-month-old daughter Ahana, Arthi's aunt S Umadevi and her daughter Diyva, 21, were travelling in a car to Bangalore.When the car reached Soolagiri on the Chennai-Bangalore highway around midnight, a tipper lorry going towards Krishnagiri from Hosur rammed the median and veered onto the path of the car on the other side after the driver lost control of the vehicle. The lorry collided with the car and Rajesh, Arthi, Ahana and Umadevi died on the spot. Diya died on the way to hospital, police said. Lorry driver fled from the spot. Rajesh, who was employed in a software firm in Adyar, lived with his family in Chennai.Umadevi and Divya was from Kozhikode in Kerala. They were living with Umadevi's son Shyam, a software engineer, in Bangalore. They had come to Rajesh's house in Chennai. Divya was a first year MSc microbiology student in a college in Bangalore. A local resident said, \"Lorries from quarries in Soolagiri always overspeed on the highway. Besides, many lorries are parked along the roadside. This also causes accidents.\" The Soolagiri police have seized the lorry and registered a case under IPC's sections 279 (rash driving on a public way), 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) and 337 (causing hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12270969", "title": "Teen lusting for racer bike steals mother\u2019s gold", "text": "MUMBAI: A college student, who stole gold ornaments from his mother's locker in order to buy a racer bike, was sent to judicial custody till March 20 by a metropolitan court on Wednesday.Kiran Sebugude (18) had recently appeared for his HSC exams and stayed with his parents at Goregaon Link Road. The stolen jewellery, worth Rs 2.25 lakh, have been recovered.Kiran had a 100 cc bike, but he desired a 220-cc vehicle. \"So Kiran decided to steal gold ornaments from his mother's locker and sell them to buy the bike himself. On Monday, when he was alone at home, Kiran broke the locker and and stashed the gold at a friend's home, planning to sell them off later,\" a police official said.When contacted, cops suspected an inside hand in the crime. Kiran later confessed to the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12274201", "title": "Lohardaga book fair from today", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A book fair organized by the Pustak Mela Samiti, New Delhi, will be inaugurated at the collectorate grounds in Lohardaga on Thursday.Amrendra Kumar, the public relations officer of the organizing committee, said the fair would be open from 11am to 8pm from March 15 to 21.It will have several attractions like folk dance, poetry, dance contest, painting, laughter challenge contest and singing contest.Deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar will inaugurate it. Over four lakh books of more than 50 publishers will be for sale and display, organizers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12271063", "title": "Congress flays govt for denying surplus power to farmers", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government's plans to sharply increase the current power capacity of the state from adding about 4,583 MW by the end of the current year came in for sharp criticism from the legislators belonging to the Opposition Congress in the state assembly, who said, the capacity is being increased to \"help other states instead of providing more power to the state's farmers.\"State energy minister Saurabh Patel told the House the current power capacity of Gujarat is around 13,500 MW, which would be enhanced by 1,801 MW by the end of March 2012 by setting up new power plants. Another 2,782 MW would be added by the end of December 2012.Already a power surplus state, the state government sold 5,105.43 million units (MUs) to other states last year earning a profit of Rs 1,888.53 crore. This was approximately seven per cent of total power produced in the state - 68,710 MUs.Senior Congress leader Siddharth Patel, raising serious objection to selling away power like this, said, \"In 2000-01, the state's farmers were supplied with 15,489 MUs of power, while in 2010-11, the total supply of power to the farmers went down to 13,285 MUs. While the state government claims that it has provided large number of new connections this year, more than any time in the past, one fails to understand why the farmers failed to get enough power.\"To a question by Anil Joshiara, a legislator from Bhiloda in north Gujarat, whether the state government proposes to increase the quantity of power given to the farmers from the current eight hours a day, because it has surplus power, and stop selling it to other states, the minister replied, \"We do not have enough sub-stations.\"Meanwhile, figures provided by the minister's office suggest that despite 1,000 MW of gas-based power plants in the state lying idle because of lack of availability of gas at a reasonable price, the Gujarat government's new plans of enhancing power capacity by 4,583 MW by the year-end include having 2,060 MW of gas-based power plants.The gas-based power plants, which will be ready by the year-end, are being set up by state-owned Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Ltd (360 MW), Essar (1,000 MW), and a plant at Pipavav (700 MW). The rest of them are coal-based power plants - by National Thermal Power Corporation (840 MW), Aryan Coal (100 MW), Tata Mundra (722 MW), and one at Ukai (500 MW).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269390", "title": "Court issues notice to cops on complaint against CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Wednesday issued a notice to Delhi Police on a complaint against chief minister Sheila Dikshit and others for alleged large-scale corruption during the 2010 Commonwealth Games. The matter pertains to a complaint filed by RTI activist Vivek Garg against Sheila Dikshit, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan and former CWG OC chairman Suresh Kalmadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269255", "title": "Court junks old study, wants fresh survery on BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Junking a state government-backed study that the vexed BRT corridor has been useful to commuters, the Delhi High Court on Wednesday said it wants a new survey on the corridor's utility.\"Are you sure users had a different opinion than that given by the mass media? We can order an opinion poll if you wish,\" a division bench comprising acting chief justice AK Sikri and justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said, rejecting claims by the state government that a 2008 study found commuters using the BRT corridor were a satisfied lot.The bench pointed out the study cited by the government was very old and failed to show the current status or the impact of the opening of the corridor on daily commuters. \"Your study is (from) just a few months after opening of the BRT. This is the February 2009 position. What is the position after that? Let there be a survey by an independent agency,\" Justice Sikri observed.The HC also shot down a proposal by a cornered government to push across the names of RITES and IIT as the expert agencies best suited to conduct another survey. \"We can't send it back to RITES. The BRT corridor was designed by them. Let it not go to RITES, let it go to a 'wrong'!\" the bench remarked half in jest, even as it indicated it is serious to test the claims of the government on the viability of the corridor.Suggesting the survey can be done either by National Highways Authority of India or Central Roads Research Institute (CRRI), the HC said it will pass an order to this effect on Thursday and gave the government a day's time to find out from these two bodies if they are willing to carry out the study. HC has in a past hearing even observed that if a fresh study recommends scrapping of the BRT project, \"so be it.\"The 2009 study tabled by the government before the court projects a rosy picture of the traffic situation on the corridor, claiming that 25% of the road space is taken up by buses which serve more than 50% of the commuters. As per the four year-old study, bus travel became much faster on the corridor due to the dedicated lanes.Nyay Bhoomi, the petitioner NGO that filed the PIL, contradicts the findings in the study. It has pointed out to the court that there are more than 73 lakh vehicles on Delhi roads, in comparison to 32,000 buses and having dedicated lanes further creates a traffic mess.According to the petition, for smooth traffic movement on the 5.7km Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand Flyover, the government should not restrain vehicles other than buses from plying in the bus lane.The petitioner had pointed out that most of the time the bus lane remains free with the situation on other lanes, meant for cars and other vehicles, remaining chaotic as private vehicle owners get stuck in avoidable jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269308", "title": "Govt must reduce home loan rates, say real estate developers", "text": "NASHIK: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), the apex body for private real estate developers in the country, has said the Centre must take measures in the Union budget to reduce interest rates on home loans.\"The government must reduce the taxes and stabilize interest rates on home loans. In the past 16 months, the interest rates on home loans were revised around 14 times. The continuous fluctuations in interest rates affect consumers. Hence, the government must keep stable the interest rates on home loans and interest rates should be as low as possible,\" CREDAI Nashik chapter president Sunil Bhaybhang said.He pointed out that the tax-free limit on home loan interest of Rs 1.5 lakh was meagre. \"The limit should be increased up to Rs 5 lakh. As a result, people will be encouraged to buy houses,\" he said.\"Shelter is one of the major needs of the man and we do the work of providing shelter.Housing is one of the major sectors as it contributes a lot to the GDP of the country. Around 200 industries from plywood, paints, nail to cement depend on housing sector alone and generate huge employment. The government must take measures to promote housing sector in the country,\" he said.\"The home loan is one of the safest loans, as the prices of houses keep on increasing once you buy it. On the contrary, the value of car decreases after buying it. Nevertheless, the procedure for car loan is so fast as compared to home loans. Hence, the home loan procedure should be simplified,\" Bhaybhang said.CREDAI proposalsReduce taxes, stabilize home loan interest ratesIncrease tax-free limit on home loan interest to Rs 5 lakhPromote housing sector in the countrySimplify procedures for availing home loans", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270416", "title": "HC asks police to trace missing teen", "text": "CHENNAI: Ten days after a Class 11 student went missing, along with his 37-yearold class teacher, the boy's father has rushed to the Madras high court for a direction to the city police to trace the boy. A division bench of Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice G M Akbar Ali has issued notices to the city police as well as the missing teacher - Kumudu of Modilal Fomra Higher Secondary School at Sowcarpet - returnable within a week.According to a habeas corpus petition filed by the boy's father, M Saravan Kumar, the science teacher had been disturbing his son by sending obscene messages. When he lodged a complaint with the Elephant Gate police last month, an inquiry was held on February 4. He said his son did not return from his school on March 4 and added that the teacher had kidnapped his minor son.A complaint was lodged with the Elephant Gate police on March 5, he said, adding that police have not been doing their duty properly. Lamenting that a school teacher, who is highly respected in society, had stooped to this level, he said the police too were not investigating the matter with the seriousness it deserved.\"It causes huge hardship to us. My wife fell sick on hearing the news and we are worried about the well being of our son,\" the petition said. He said that since the police had not taken prompt action to trace and rescue the minor boy, he was constrained to move the high court for an appropriate direction to the police to trace the boy and produce him in court, and set him at liberty as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12270961", "title": "HC asks govt to respond to plea on RTE", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday asked the central government to respond to a plea for amendment to the Right To Education (RTE) Act to make it recognize homebased studies and alternate schooling too as education, besides the one acquired through formal schooling.A division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the central government's standing counsel Jatan Singh to file the response by April 18. In a plea made through counsel Somnath Bharti, petitioner Shreya Sahai said Section 18 of RTE Act does not recognize any other mode of imparting education except the one through formal schooling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270864", "title": "Illegal lion shows a roaring business in Gir sanctuary", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Illegal lion shows continue in the outskirts of Gir sanctuary. Despite the forest department's efforts to curb this illicit trend that has heckled animal rights activists to no end, the practice of entertaining tourists by offering buffalos as bait for the Asiatic lions continues undeterred.The modus operandi of the illegal lion show organizers is simple: An old and weak buffalo is tied in any farmland, close to the abode of lions. Later, as the sun sets the lions move out in search of food. As lions feed on the buffalo, the tourists who are present begin clicking photographs.A senior officer said that on several occasions some of forest beat guards have also been found to be involved in such shows. Beat guards who are working in the area act as informers to various hotels in the region which promise 100% lion-sighting to tourists.A senior forest officer said that there are some hotels and resorts in Dhari region that have been attracting tourists in this fashion. Dhari, said the sources, is not in the tourism circuit of Gir. Earlier, for lion sighting one had to drive around a long way to reach Sasan or Devaliya which are the official tourism sites within the sanctuary. However now, the illegal shows have begun drawing tourists to places which are on the outskirts of the sanctuary.In the past, relatives of forest officials were found to have been involved in such illegal shows, said the officials. The sources said that the area near Dhari was notorious for such shows as lions often pass through, while moving out of the sanctuary towards Bhavnagar. The area of Dhari and Amreli forms the natural corridor.Not just Amreli, but near Sasan too one could earlier find such illegal lions shows in Babra Virdi area towards the tourism zone.Those organizing the show mint money. First, the show-organizer collects around Rs 5,000-10,000 from the tourists for a glimpse of lions eating the bait. Later, the same buffalo would be shown to the authorities as a productive animal which had been preyed upon by a lion. Proving this would entitle the buffalo owner to get a compensation ranging from Rs 8,000-10,000 from the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270389", "title": "Chief minister to fete 10 eminent Biharis in Delhi", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will felicitate ten Biharis in New Delhi on March 18 with Vishisht Bihari Samman at the Bihar Shatabdi Utsav. These people who have excelled in their professional domains include renowned personalities from the field of TV, sports , media, academic, medicine, law and bureaucracy.According to coordinator of the organization and BJP MLC Sanjay Jha, those nominated include former foreign secretary Shyam Saran, former cricketer Syed Saba Karim, former Indian hockey coach Harinder Singh, intellectual Prem Shankar Jha, Bhojpuri singer and actor Manoj Tiwari, artist Jayant Kastuwar, Madhubani painting artist Bharti Dayal and others.\"Its always a great feeling when you make the natives of your state proud by achieving big in life. Being part of such a mega event is really wonderful\", said Saba Karim, who played 34 ODIs for India. Another nominee Manoj Tiwari said, \"I am extremely happy to have been nominated for the Samman. It's a message for all the Biharis that wherever we go we will make our state proud.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271471", "title": "Rasheed Masood is Congress\u2019s RS nominee", "text": "LUCKNOW: The suspense over the Congress nominee for the lone Rajya Sabha seat is finally over. Former Samajwadi Party MP Rasheed Masood, who joined Congress in December 2011 just before assembly polls, emerges as the favoured choice of the party high command. Showcased as the Muslim mascot in western UP during the campaign, Masood is already a special invitee in the AICC Central Working Committee. And having given up his seat for Congress, his nomination is being interpreted as a gesture of goodwill and appreciation.\"With four more years to go in Rajya Sabha he could easily have clung on, but Masood chose to play the game by the rules and quit much before the election,\" said one of them. The party satraps, he said are only fulfilling the commitment it made to him at the time of induction.\"The former MP was given an understanding that he would get his RS membership back post-election . With rumours of mid-term polls for the Lok Sabha , the move would also earn brownie points for Congress which has slipped on the popularity graph of minorities .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12271596", "title": "In India, two out five female sex workers are HIV-positive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly two out of every five female sex workers (FSWs) in India could be suffering from HIV infection.Those who aren't already infected, however, carry more than 50-times increased risk of getting infected during their lifetime.The region where the risk of HIV infection increased most for a sex worker was Asia (29 times more) compared to a 12-time higher threat in Africa and Latin America.A study, conducted by Dr Stefan Baral from the Center for Public Health and Human Rights at Johns Hopkins' Bloomberg School of Public Health , to be published by the Lancet on Thursday shows that FSWs in developing countries are 14 times more likely to be infected by HIV than women in the general population.The authors carried out an analysis of 102 studies, representing almost 100,000 FSWs in 50 countries. Overall, HIV prevalence in FSWs was found to be 12%.In 26 countries deemed to have medium or high background HIV prevalence, some 31% of FSWs were HIV- positive, and were 12 times more likely to be infected than women from the general population.\"We identified consistent evidence of substantially higher levels of HIV among FSWs compared with all women of reproductive age in low and middle-income countries in all regions with data,\" the authors said.\"These findings suggest an urgent need to scale up access to quality HIV-prevention programming and services among FSWs because of their heightened burden of disease and likelihood of onward transmission through high numbers of sexual partners as clients. Improvement of linkages to antiretroviral treatment and retention in care is crucial. The role of stigma, discrimination and violence targeting female sex workers globally will be required to reduce the disproportionate disease burden among these women,\" they added.\"When reviewing the data from the past five years, FSWs still carry more than a 50-time increased odds of HIV infection in India. Since HIV prevalence is a lagging indicator of prevention success, time is needed to reveal the benefit of these programmes in terms of the absolute burden of HIV among female sex workers in India. Nonetheless, the disproportionate burden of HIV among these sex workers, even in settings where progressive programmes exist, emphasizes the need to increase coverage by increasing scale of prevention programmes and decreasing barriers to access,\" is how The Lancet summed about the situation in India.In India, women account for around one million out of 2.5 million estimated number of people living with HIV/AIDS. The National Aids Control Organization estimates that around 4.9% of FSWs in India are HIV- positive.The estimated number of new annual HIV infections has declined by more than 50% over the past decade. India had about 1.2 lakh new HIV infections in 2009 as against 2.7 lakh in 2000.While this trend is evident in most states, some low prevalence states have shown an increase in the number of new infections over the past two years. Of the 1.2 lakh estimated new infections in 2009, the six high-prevalence states account for only 39% of the cases, while states like Odisha, Bihar, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat account for 41% of new infections.The adult HIV prevalence at national level has continued its steady decline from estimated level of 0.41% in 2000 through 0.36% in 2006 to 0.31% in 2009. In India, about 40% people don't even know their HIV status.The prevalence of HIV among key population at higher risk of infection - notably sex workers, people who inject drugs and men who have sex with men - is high in several Asian countries. However, the virus is spreading to other sections of the population through the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12271240", "title": "Chennai man who eloped with PMK leader\u2019s daughter found dead", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old man, who eloped with a politician's daughter in December last, was found dead on Sringeri Mutt Road, near Buckingham Canal, in Mandaveli on Wednesday night.Police suspect that he was hacked to death somewhere else, and his body was transported in a vehicle and dropped on the road around 7.30pm on the dark stretch. The body of Bilal (25), of Pillayar Koil Thottam in Mandaveli, was found in a pool of blood near a broken wall along the canal. He had injuries on his head and neck.Bilal had, in December, eloped with the daughter of Manivannan, a PMK councillor in Mylapore. He had met the girl on her way to college and fell in love with her.Based on a complaint from Manivannan, police summoned Bilal's brother, Ahmed Basha, to the Mylapore police station. Even as they were questioning Basha, the councillor got into an argument with him, snatched a bayonet from a policeman and stabbed him in the stomach. Basha was admitted to a hospital, and Manivannan was arrested.Police said things were quiet till Wednesday when Bilal's body was found. \"We suspect it must have been dumped around 7.30pm. The road is empty most of the time and has poor lighting. The body was found opposite a corporation school. We suspect Bilal was murdered somewhere else and brought here,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271636", "title": "Lovers dare public to separate them", "text": "KOCHI: A runaway, love-struck couple from Salem kept police on tenterhooks and provided some riveting lunch-time distraction to hangers-on at Vytilla traffic control tower on Wednesday afternoon.It all started after the girl, in school uniform, and in the company of an older male caught the attention of locals. One of them alerted the cops. When the police came on the scene around 2pm, the couple refused to surrender. They embraced each other and squatted on the traffic island.The youngsters lay down the roadside and refused to move an inch. Soon, a crowd surrounded the couple and began to click pictures on cell phones. The police, then, stepped in and asked the circus watchers to delete the snaps taken on their phones.Finally, with the help of women constables, the police managed to take the couple to Panangad police station. Panangad sub-inspector A B Vipin said the lovebirds were from Salem and had eloped a couple of days ago.The man has been identified as Narasimhan, 20, of Salem. The girl is a plus-two student in a Salem school. \"Salem police have registered a case based on the complaint filed by the girl's parents. We have alerted the Salem police. A police team along with the family members of the girl are on their way to Kochi,\" said the inspector.Police said the couple had begun their trip from Salem on a motorcycle. They had been to various places in Kerala before reaching Kochi. When they ran out of money, Narasimhan sold the bike for Rs 10,000 and the two of them continued their journey by bus. \"We will hand over the duo to the Salem police,\" the inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12270567", "title": "Chennai hub of wildlife racket", "text": "CHENNAI: If Indonesian officials had not intercepted a consignment of 19 Indian star tortoises sent to the Southeast Asian country from Chennai, the animals would have ended up in a meal served up in a restaurant in Jakarta or rerouted to Europe or the United States for sale as pets.The tortoises were returned to the country and the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB) last Saturday handed them over to the Arignar Anna Zoological Park where they are being rehabilitated. The Indian star tortoise is a protected species and it is illegal to either possess or trade the reptile in the country.This has not stopped the smuggling of these tortoises and other protected species like the sea cucumber, seahorse and pangolin, with south India becoming a hub for wildlife smugglers and Chennai serving as a transit point. According to WCCB officials, 83 cases of wildlife smuggling have been registered in the past three years, with 40 being filed in 2009-2010 and 24 each in 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 (till December, 2011).Wildlife experts say demand for exotic species in countries like China, Malaysia and Vietnam , where parts of these animals are believed to have medicinal or aphrodisiacal properties, is driving the illegal trade that threatens to wipe out entire species. The hard, scale-covered skin of the Indian Pangolin is used in medicinal concoctions in China, Malaysia and Vietnam.The pangolin, like other animals favoured by smugglers is a protected species under the Indian Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, and is on the red list of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature. Forest officials say traffickers also smuggle tiger skin, ornamental fish and snakes, including cobras, kraits and vipers. Officials say smugglers are coming up with novel ways to transport animals, often with little care for their safety.\"Animals are sometimes stuffed into boxes and are crushed to death,\" a WCCB official said. \"Among the newer methods that smugglers are using include using lockets to conceal crocodile and snake skin. They also laminate insects and attach them to keychains or pass them off as lockets,\" said regional deputy director of WCCB, S Narayanan.There have been instances of tortoises being smuggled out of the country in cardboard boxes, with their heads taped inside their shells. Rare lizards or insects are hidden in rolled-up socks in suitcases in flights, he said. Narayanan says WCCB works with various government agencies to prevent smuggling of animals. \"The customs, police and forest departments work in coordination to stop animal smugglers,\" Narayanan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12270853", "title": "Sankarankoil tense as election commission locks horns with DMK", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: Tension prevailed at Sankarankoil as the election commission of India threatened to cancel the permission accorded to the DMK to hold a public meeting where DMK chief M Karunanidhi was scheduled to address the voters in Sankarankoil.Friction between the DMK and the AIADMK as well as the election commission mounted as officials threatened to remove the stage erected for the meeting. But later in the day, chief electoral officer Praveen Kumar said that permission to hold the meeting stands valid. \"We have not cancelled the permission,\" he told TOI.While an election official in Tirunelveli said that they had in fact cancelled the permission in the morning, he however, assured that the DMK could hold the meeting by seeking permission afresh. Another official said that they considered the move to cancel permission but did not proceed.\"The meeting would be held as planned. We have spoken to the chief electoral officer and clarified our position,\" said Union minister M K Alagiri who visited the meeting venue at North Car street in Sankarankoil town on Wednesday evening. However, tension continues to prevail in the spot.It all started with AIADMK men alleging that the stage for the meeting scheduled for March 15 was erected more than two days ahead of the date blocking traffic. They lodged a complaint with the election officials in Tirunelveli, who visited the spot and told the DMK men to remove the stage on Tuesday night. A heated argument between the DMK functionaries and the election officials ensued with the cadres protesting against the election officials' decision.The DMK men, including MP K P Ramalingam retorted saying that there were several pandals and stages erected by AIADMK cadre without even obtaining permission. The election officials threatened to raze down the stage with earthmovers sparking tension all through the night. The tension spilled over on Wednesday morning as the election officials issued orders cancelling the permission for the meeting.\"We found that the stage was erected much ahead of the election. We warned them to remove the stage and also clarified that the permission would be cancelled. But did not cancel the permission,\" said the election officer.However, the DMK men charged that the election commission was acting as a conduit for AIADMK. \"We have properly obtained permission for the meeting. How can we erect such a huge stage in a day as being dictated by the election commission at the behest of AIADMK. We will proceed as scheduled,\" said former minister T P M Mohideen Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269969", "title": "Citizen volunteers join cops in school bus checks", "text": "GURGAON: The traffic police are carrying out checks in various schools to find out whether or not they are implementing Punjab and Haryana high court's directives on plying of school buses. A team of 10 citizen volunteers, along with traffic zonal officers, have been assigned the job. The erring schools will be given a week's time to implement the court directives.The drive, which started on Monday, has already covered Scottish High School, Presidium School and Suncity School.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"The erring schools will be asked to visit our office after a week and submit a compliance report. While several schools are following the court directives, many others are still to follow suit. The drive also aims to create awareness about the traffic rules and regulations.\"Road safety officer Abhigyan Srivastava said, \"A checklist has been prepared, which includes whether or not school buses have first aid kits, drivers and conductors are qualified and have relevant experience, among others.\"Cops said they were receiving regular complaints regarding traffic management outside schools, another issue over which the high court had issued a directive.Arora said last year too a similar drive was undertaken and several schools were inspected. The traffic police had already made it compulsory for schools to follow the high court's directives in letter and spirit.The rules under the Haryana Motor Vehicle Rules, 1993 were also recently enforced in schools. Schools were asked to enforce Rule 114 (A) which deals with safe plying of vehicles on the roads in the state with special reference to plying of vehicles for schoolchildren, and submit a compliance report to the traffic police department by February 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12271688", "title": "Rail Budget 2012-13: Modernization bypasses Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: The 2012-13 Railway Budget has come as a huge disappointment for the people of Kerala. The state's priority, uniquely, was not more trains but infrastructural and network problems and railway minister Dinesh Trivedi signally failed in addressing these.The action plan for 2012-13 doesn't make any commitments to the ongoing track doubling work in Ernakulam-Kottayam and Ernakulam-Allappuzha-Kayamkulam stretch, two of the state's most congested rail arteries. Track doubling on these stretches are critical if at some point the state needs to get more number of trains.Modernization of rail-signalling system is another area of neglect. The existing system is not good enough to increase the speed of trains passing through Kerala. Even in the double-tracked Shornur-Ernakulam stretch trains travel at just two-thirds the ideal speed they should be travelling.The budget has announced that the gauge conversion of Punaloor-Edamon stretch would be completed by next year. But this is only a small portion of Kollam-Shenkottai gauge conversion project, which might take years for completion.The doubling of rail line between Mangalore and Shornur is also hanging fire due to uncertainties on the work between Shornur and Karakkad. Railway officials cite land acquisition as the major impediment to the delays.The budget also doesn't mention about the completion of the electrification of Shornur-Mangalore line. The railways had earlier said that the project would be completed by 2015 while the Shornur-Kozhikode stretch was to be completed by March 2013.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12274178", "title": "Speaker orders probe by DIG into Bhandaria mine blast", "text": "RANCHI: Assembly speaker C P Singh on Wednesday asked the government to get the probe of Bhandaria landmine blast in Garhwa done by Palamu division DIG Suman Gupta after the matter was raised in the house in a call attention motion by CPI(ML) member Vinod Singh.The explosion by the Maoists on January 21 had left 13 policemen dead and four people, including district council chairperson Sushma Mehta, abducted.Even as police arrested nine people in connection with the landmine blast, some villagers protested the arrest of two key accused in the case - Ramdas Soren, the mukhiya of the Bargarh panchayat, and Fida Hussain, a villager, both of whom were organizing a \"chakka jam\" on the day of the blast.Questioning the role of police in probing the matter, Vinod Singh said both the key accused had been booked under Sections 302 IPC and 17 Criminal Law Amendment (CLA) Act while their only fault was to organize a peaceful protest on the day the blast. \"The villagers in Bhandaria had upped their ante against some powerful contractors who were trying to shift the construction site of a health sub-centre against the will of the gram sabha and the mukhiya was leading the protest,\" the MLA said. He also pointed fingers at the timing of the arrest and accused police of implicating them falsely. \"There is no denial of the fact that Soren and some other villagers sat on a day-long dharna to protest the inaction of the district administration in stopping the contractors from building the health centre at a new site but that cannot be linked with the blast,\" he said.Replying on behalf of the government, human resource development minister Baijnath Ram said investigation was on and there was no need to interfere in the process. The minister, however, agreed to hand over the probe to a senior police officer.But as Vinod Singh was not happy with the name, the speaker said, \"Suman Gupta (DIG Palamu) se jaanch karwa lenge (get the probe done by Suman Gupta).\"When the CPI(ML) MLA sought to know by when the probe should be completed, the speaker said, \"Ek mahina ke andar jaanch karwa le (get it done within a month).\"During zero hour, the opposition members came to the well of the house after the speaker turned down all the business adjournment motions. The members were demanding special debate on inclusion of members of Ghatwar community in the list of Scheduled Tribes. Responding to it parliamentary affairs minister Hemlal Murmu accused the Congress government at the Centre for not entertaining the request of the state in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12275534", "title": "Allahabad University gets its own ambulance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University got its own ambulance which was pressed into service on Wednesday. Provided by the funds of Vidhayak Nidhi of MLA from City North, Anugrah Narayan Singh, the ambulance was formally inaugurated in front of the office of the dean student welfare (DSW) by the MLA in presence of AU's V-C Prof A K Singh.It is worth mentioning here that the said service was proposed around three years back keeping in mind thousands of male and female inmate resides in various hostels of AU including those residing within the four walls of Women College and thousands of day scholars. For meeting out the medical need of these inmates, the hostel has just one dispensary which caters to the needs of providing first aid and distributing some medicines.There have been instances of students getting ill at late hours and in some cases they had to be taken to hospital but as there was no four wheeler available at the hostel, the hostel superintendent had to take the inmates on personal vehicle.Later, around two years back, the EC member and MLA provided the needed fund for the purchase of the vehicle and the running costs of the said facility, including driver and diesel was to be met by AU authorities which got delayed.But better late then never, the ambulance was finally inaugurated by Anugrah Narayan Singh on the campus on Wednesday.The ambulance would be stationed in the main campus during day hours and at WH during night hours. AU authorities will bear the running cost and the driver has been provided by AU.Along with the V-C, others who were present at the inaugurating ceremony included the FO, P K Singh, DSW, Prof R K Singh, dean science Prof S D Dixit and various faculty members and employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12270848", "title": "Jaya promises relief from June onwards", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: Faced with severe criticism over the erratic power supply situation across the state, chief minister J Jayalalithaa has announced that the state will get a reprieve from incessant power cuts from June this year.\"The state will get 1,950 mw more from June. Power cuts will be reduced gradually,\" she told the gathering of voters at Thiruvengadam village from where she kickstarted her election campaign in Sankarankoil assembly constituency on Wednesday. \"In October, an additional 600 mw would be available for the state. The government would put a full stop to power shortage,\" she said to the cheering crowd.With the power crisis becoming the poll plank in the fiercely contested Sankarankoil by elections, Jayalalithaa sought to allay criticism by opposition parties on the power shortage, stating that the government has expedited six power projects equipped to generate a total 3,300 mw. \"The state government has expedited the 600 mw North Chennai power project I, 600 mw North Chennai project II, Vallur power projects I, II and III of 500 mw each and 600 mw Mettur hydro power project III,\" Jayalalithaa said.The chief minister who arrived in a special flight in Madurai reached Sankarankoil in a chopper and landed at a private school grounds around 1 pm amidst cheers and drumming by party cadres. Received by a battery of cabinet colleagues including party seniors O Panneerselvam and K A Sengottayan, she boarded her campaign vehicle and sought votes for party candidate S Muthuselvi in 10 villages covering the length and breadth of the constituency. Thanking the voters for returning AIADMK candidates to the state assembly, she praised Muthuselvi as a simple, educated woman who cared for the people. All along the way, jubilant AIADMK cadres, men, women , old and young greeted her with \"kumbam\", \"mulaipari\", folk music and dance. At Thiruvengadam, Jayalalithaa sprang a surprise by speaking in Telugu. \"I know a lot of Telugu-speaking people are here. I like you all and you too like me. I have come here to seek your votes for Muthuselvi, who is your sister,\" she told the gathering amidst applause.Gauging the mood of the public, she blamed the previous DMK regime for the power shortage and promised that all efforts were being taken by the state government to improve the power situation. \"The state government has also decided to implement the Udankudi power project remaining on paper for the past several years,\" she said. \"I am paying personal attention to these power projects,\" she added.Earlier, Jayalalithaa launched a scathing attack on the DMK, charging that the party's candidate Jawahar Suryakumar was accused of grabbing land from his own family members. \"There is a case pending in the court that he forged documents and grabbed a seven-acre land belonging to his relative Arunachalam. Arunachalam's wife had lodged a complaint. This is the state of the DMK candidate,\" she alleged.It was DMK chief M Karunanidhi who encouraged land grabbing by his partymen, Jayalalithaa alleged adding that since the crackdown on land grabbers by her government began, 1,190 persons had been arrested and Rs 724 crore worth land retrieved and handed over to rightful owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi/nagpur", "code": "12270413", "title": "Roopam Sharma named CEO of Basketball Federation of India", "text": "KOCHI/NAGPUR: For the first time in the 62-year-long history of Indian basketball, a lady with loads of experience as a marketing person and an organiser apart from having been associated with the world governing body has been given the charge of leading the sport in the country.A talented corporate woman, 48-year-old Roopam Sharma has been named as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Basketball Federation of India (BFI) during their annual general meeting held recently.An employee of Air India and wife of former CEO of the federation Late Harish Sharma was unanimously elected to the top post - not a single woman was ever made either the president of the secretary of the BFI. Roopam's appointment as CEO was decided by the steering committee members of the federation who voted unanimously in her favour. Before her appointment, she was approached by the BFI president of RS Gill to seek her consent.Talking on her mission and plans as the head of BFI, Roopam told TOI from Delhi that she would carry forward the unfinished task of her husband in improving the standards of basketball in India as passionately as he did.Elaborating further she said, \"It was my husband's vision to put the game on a high pedestal and has already taken basketball to a new level by signing a long-term deal with IMG-Reliance. Now, it will be my endeavour to take the game to even greater height with the help of all my colleagues in the BFI.\"The former hoopster, who has played the game at the college level also said, \"What Harish did is very difficult to replicate. But we, in the BFI, will strive hard to complete all the projects he envisioned with the same sincerity and dedication.\"Roopam hoped that her experience in marketing will help her stand in good stead and she would make efforts to generate revenue to help run the federation professionally.Being the first woman to handle the federation is seen as an onerous task by Roopam but says she is game for it. \"The challenges are enormous but with my experience, having been associated with the game as an organiser and the inputs Harish has shared with me, I will be able to meet them,\" Roopam signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12271705", "title": "Boeing to pay $500m compensation to AI", "text": "HYDERABAD: US-based aircraft manufacturer Boeing had agreed to shell out $500 million as compensation to Indian carrier Air India for the delays in delivering the Boeing 787 Dreamliner as against the demand for $1 billion compensation from the bleeding state-run carrier, a senior civil aviation ministry officials said here on Wednesday.\"Air India has demanded $1billion but Boeing has so far agreed to pay only $500 million as compensation for the delay. But we are trying to push Boeing to pay more,\" Prashant Shukul, joint secretary, ministry of civil aviation told reporters on the sidelines of India Aviation 2012 here.The compensation package comprising a mix of discount in services and cash, Shukul indicated adding that talks with Boeing were underway regarding higher compensation . However, Boeing India president and senior vice-president (sales) Asia Pacific and India Dinesh Keskar refused to comment on the compensation issue. \"Issues of compensation are between the airline and us,\" is all Keskar would say to mediapersons at a conference organized to unveil the Dreamliner here.Air India had ordered 27 Dreamliners that were to be originally delivered starting September 2008 but deliveries were delayed because of problems with vendors and labour issues at Boeing. Keskar pointed out that the first of the Dreamliner deliveries to Air India would now be made in the second quarter of 2012 with the second lot of six aircraft being delivered by March 2013 and the remaining 20 to be delivered in phases by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270801", "title": "Pangarkar panel on NU polls irregularities submits report to VC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Justice CL Pangarkar panel, appointed to probe serious allegations of irregularities in Nagpur University's polls along with those of forging of documents by some candidates, has finally submitted its report to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal last month. The VC, in turn, handed over the report to registrar Mahesh Yenkie for further action, insiders said.The one-man panel of the retired Bombay high court judge was constituted on April 16 last year after TOI, through a series of reports, exposed how politics had played its part in NU polls for Senate and Board of Studies (BoS). This newspaper also reported about warring groups within the university and allegations of forgery, blackmailing and even threats to NU top officials.Citing an NGO, TOI had reported that as to how assistant returning officer for BoS polls Vilas Ramteke was allegedly blackmailed and forced to resign by members of Secular Panel that included some eminent academicians. The NGO had accused them of encouraging corruption and promoting unethical practices in the academic circles and also interfering in the NU administration.Yenkie confirmed the development, stating that the VC had entrusted him to take further action. He refused to provide specific details.Insiders, however, confirmed that the report had indicted academicians and also recommended action against them for adopting unethical practices during polls. The judge also probed the old case of tainted Dhanwate National College (DNC) lecturer Pradip Hadke who forged documents and cast a bogus vote during Senate elections.Interacting with the media last time, Yenkie had revealed a disturbing fact that even top officials including him received threats from political parties which pressured them for granting favours to their candidates during polls. He also talked of finding several cases of candidates using forged documents or submitting false information for contesting in NU polls or voting in them. Terming these acts as \"shameful\", the registrar had vowed to punish the guilty and even lodged a police complaint against such tainted persons. He had also stated that even Hislop Education Society, which later withdrew complaint against Hadke under pressure, would not be spared if the lecturer was indicted by the panel.Insiders, however, raised doubts on NU bosses' commitment on acting on the probe report, citing their inaction on earlier such reports. There is little action in the roster scam in which over 500 university appointments are under scanner. In fact, even after indicting reports from another retired Bombay High Court judge GG Loney who recommended immediate police complaint to probe the scam, NU bosses are reluctant to act against accused, allegedly due to political pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270550", "title": "When will Spanco pay its dues?", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL's franchisee model seems to have created more problems than solutions. Instead of increasing MSEDCL's revenue, city power franchisee Spanco is unable to clear off its Rs 200 crore plus dues since months. Spanco officials claim that the reason is negative sentiment among banks towards power sector, which is delaying the disbursement of loans they have sought.This apart, Spanco has not paid the entire amount that it collected from city consumers through bills to MSEDCL. The company has claimed that this amount has been utilized for operation and maintenance of power infrastructure, capital expenditure in power infrastructure, salaries, rents, etc. The officials categorically deny that money from franchisee operations have been used elsewhere but have not given the break up so far.As on date, the arrears owed by Spanco towards MSEDCL stands at Rs 215 crore. MSEDCL had started an escrow account in January and this had brought down the dues from Rs 250 crore plus to Rs 200 crore plus. Spanco paid more money to MSEDCL in January and February than earlier months. This had reduced the arrears from Rs 241 crore in December end to Rs 164 crore in February end. But the arrears have increased again.Spanco chairman Kapil Puri had promised to clear off the dues well before March end. Now, the company officials say that they will pay by March 31. A senior official said, \"We have started the process of securing loan from several PSU banks but non performance of state power companies has generated huge NPAs. This has made the bank wary of lending to power companies. If anybody doubts us he can go through reports in financial media for last six months.\"Despite all these hurdles we paid Rs 140 crore to MSEDCL in December-February period. We have made significant investment in improving the power infrastructure of the city for catering to the power demand in summer,\" the official said.MSEDCL officials have been parrying questions on this issue. They have given vague replies regarding action against Spanco. Many times they have taken action only to retract it after a few days. Now, they have refused to comment citing the restriction on officials during a legislature session.A middle level MSEDCL officer said that while there was no doubt that power companies, including MSEDCL, were finding it difficult to obtain loans, Spanco should be asked to make public what efforts it has made towards securing funds. It should also be asked to provide a break up of money that it collected from consumers. \"If they are really helpless, then the negative sentiment among the people will reduce when the facts are made public. Transparency is the need of the hour,\" the officer insisted", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12270437", "title": "'Action soon against policemen over Ramdev rally crackdown'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday said that action would be taken against erring police personnel involved in midnight crackdown on yoga guru Baba Ramdev and his supporters at the Ramlila Ground last June.Responding to a supplementary of BJP member Prakash Javadekar during Question Hour in the Rajya Sabha, Union home minister P Chidambaram said that FIR had been registered (on March 9) and those police personnel who committed excesses at the Ramlila Maidan on the night of June 4, 2011, \"will be identified and action will be taken\".On whether the government would hold the Delhi Police Commissioner responsible as he was also present during the crackdown, Chidambaram reminded the member that the Supreme Court in its judgment on February 23 had noted that while some of the police personnel were very cooperative with the members of the assembly and helped them to vacate the ground, some others were violent and inflicted cane injuries.He said the government was obliged to honour the Supreme Court judgement on the action taken by the Delhi Police against Baba Ramdev and his followers on June 4, 2011.Javadekar, while asking his question, pointed out that 5,000 police personnel - in the Delhi Police Commissioner's presence - cane-charged 10,000 protestors who were sleeping. \"There was no reason for provocation and yet the protestors were beaten up,\" he said.The minister informed that the Delhi Police has constituted a fact-finding panel to conduct the preliminary enquiry and identify the erring officers and recommended the nature of departmental action to be taken against each officer in compliance with the order of the Court.Besides, as per the direction of the Supreme Court, a fresh FIR has been registered at Kamla Market Police Station on March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270736", "title": "Shatabdi ride to Delhi gets costly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity residents taking Shatabdi to Delhi will have to shell out more, with Union railways minister Dinesh Trivedi announcing a hike in passenger fare in his maiden Rail Budget. While earlier passengers had to pay Rs 435 for AC chair and Rs 825 for executive, now they will end up paying Rs 461 and Rs 904, respectively.With across-the-board fare hike of 5, 10, 15 and 30 paisa per kilometer for sleeper, AC first class, AC second class and AC third class, respectively, trips to any part of the country are set to burn a hole in you pocket.Though no new trains were announced for Chandigarh in the rail budget, the only silver lining was that frequency of Dibrugarh-Chandigarh expresses and Chandigarh-Bandra (T) express has been increased and these will now run biweekly. Also, the Chandigarh-Mumbai express, which will begin its journey on March 18, will run biweekly.Going to the railway station, too, will become costlier as the price of platform ticket has been increased by Rs 2. Earlier, one had to pay Rs 3 as platform ticket, but now it will cost Rs 5.The budget also had no announcement on the much-hyped proposals of extending Bangalore-Nizamudin (Delhi) superfast Shatabdi train to Chandigarh and Amritsar-Chandigarh train to New Delhi.Even as Wednesday had nothing much to offer, many of the previous year's promises are yet to see the light of the day. For instance: budget hotel, for which even land has not been bought, air conditioned and Wi-Fi-enabled waiting area and mechanized laundry at Chandigarh to improve quality of linen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269331", "title": "Now, govt 'may take over' Chowgule college", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday assured the delegation of All Members of Teaching and Non-Teaching Staff, of the Higher Secondary Section of Smt. Parvatibai Chowgule College of Arts and Science, Margao, that if the management of the college does not drop the idea to closing the higher secondary, the government would take over the entire college if required.The delegation was led by former Fatorda MLA Damodar Naik. Speaking to media persons after the meeting, teacher Shrikant More said that they are against granting any permission for the proposed move towards closure of the higher secondary section, or any part thereof, that is currently being contemplated by the management from the academic year 2012-2013, or at any time thereafter. An application for the same has already been filed by college authorities who are seeking approval to go ahead with such plans.Gladys D' Silva, another teacher, said that the action of the management of the college in taking steps towards closing down the higher secondary section has deeply shocked students, staff and the public at large in and around Margao, who will be adversely affected.\"Considering the grave consequences that may follow in the educational field in and around Margao during the next academic year beginning June 2012, we request you to restrain the management from taking such a drastic decision of closing the said higher secondary section of the Chowgule College,\" the petitioners said in the memorandum.Meanwhile, in Margao, addressing media persons on Wednesday, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai stated that the ' action committee against closure of Chowgule HSS' which he helped form was the first group to have taken up the issue and said that were willing to even take to the streets if necessary.\"When he was the leader of opposition, Parrikar had taken a stand that the assets of Chowgule College should be taken over and thus now as he is the chief minister and given the rigid stance of the Chowgule College management, I am positive that he will make the right decision,\" said Sardesai.Sardesai further claimed that he had spoken to Parrikar on the phone and was given assurances that the matter would be pursued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12270075", "title": "Main accused in gang-rape of Meerut girl held", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The police have arrested the key accused, Vijay Sharma, in the gang rape of a Meerut girl that happened on Tuesday. His friend and accomplice, Manish, has also been taken in custody while the other two accused are absconding. The medical report of the 22-year-old girl has confirmed that she was sexually assaulted.SSP Raghubir Lal said that that two accused are being questioned. \"Medical examination of the victim revealed that even though there were no injury marks on the victim's body, she was sexually assaulted,\" Lal said. Cops said that Reema (name changed), a resident of Shastri Nagar in Meerut, was staying with her uncle in Sudamapuri locality of Vijay Nagar from the past few days.On Tuesday, she left her house to join a new company in Gurgaon. As she left the house, she met a neighbour who offered to drop her in his WagonR car. Trusting him the woman sat inside his car, but after moving some distance he asked her to sit in a Tata Safari in which four of his friends were seated.After the woman sat inside the Safari, she was taken to Noida where she was given a drink laced with sedatives. When she became unconscious, she was allegedly gang-raped. After reaching Hoshiarpur in sector 51, the accused dumped her on the roadside.Local residents soon noticed her and took her to the police. The victim told the police that she was gang-raped by four men. Noida police then swung into action and even the Ghaziabad police was informed as the victim was picked up from Vijay Nagar.The Noida police did not register a case and sent her to the Vijay Nagar police station in Ghaziabad. SP (City) Anant Dev said, \"The woman told us that she was kidnapped from Vijay Nagar. That is why we sent her to Ghaziabad.\" The woman's uncle soon reached the police station and a case was registered under sections 364 (kidnapping) and 376 (rape) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chhapar chiri", "code": "12270094", "title": "Yes, the Badals served them cake", "text": "CHHAPAR CHIRI: A humbly dressed Santokh Singh, 73, might own several acres of land and like travelling in his SUV, but Wednesday's swearing-in ceremony of Punjab chief minister and his Cabinet colleagues gave him an opportunity to savour different flavours of cakes and pastries and come to the conclusion that he quite liked them.\"Today, I have tried at least five varieties including pineapple and chocolate,\" said Santokh, who is a farmer with a big land holding in Jalandhar district and had especially come here to attend the ceremony.Like Santokh, there were scores of other elderly people, who preferred feasting on cakes and hot gulab jamuns over listening to leaders taking oath. At 11.15am, even as Sukhbir Singh Badal was taking oath, there was a huge rush at the counters of cakes and other eatables.\"I could not resist the temptation to taste the goodies. So far, I have tried at least 10 pieces. Yes, I love Sukhbir, but what is the use of sitting and listening to all of them take oath,\" Jathedar Shergill, 81, who had come from Baltana village, near Zirakpur, told TOI.Sonu, one of the waiters, standing near the pastries counter, said, \"Here we have maximum rush due to which the organizers have just ordered more pastries and cakes from Chandigarh.\"Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271097", "title": "Swine Flu: Health departentb identifies 4 vulnerable districts", "text": "JAIPUR: In the wake of rising number of swine flu cases in the state, the medical, health and family welfare department identified Jaipur, Churu, Jodhpur and Pali districts as most vulnerable to the disease.Two more persons tested positive for swine flu on Wednesday taking the number of cases to 12 in Jaipur, of whom two have died.Minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma visited Sawai Man Singh hospital to inspect the facilities to counter the H1N1 influenza.Megh Singh, a resident of Sirsi Road was tested positive along with five-year-old Vansh, a resident of Bani Park on Wednesday.The health department held a swine flu review meeting which was attended by principal health secretary BN Sharma, health director BR Meena and other department officials.The department constituted teams to monitor the situation , and control the increasing number of flu cases in all the four districts. For Jaipur, the department constituted 60 teams, which would inspect various parts of the city for a period of 15 days.Principal health secretary BN Sharma said the teams would conduct door-to-door survey to detect patients with symptoms of cold and cough. They would also take swab samples and screen residents to detect swine flu patients. The teams would spread awareness about the disease and its symptoms.He said medicines used in swine flu treatment are being made available in ample quantities at government district hospitals, community health centres and primary heath centres.That apart, the department would provide free swine flu testing facility for children below five years, pregnant women , disabled, widows and below poverty line families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270906", "title": "At last, work to begin on Ahmedabad-Botad track", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Work on gauge conversion will finally begin on the Ahmedabad-Botad railway track, which runs right through the city's busiest roads. The meter gauge track was first approved for conversion in 2007.Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in the Union railway budget announced on Wednesday that approval for the gauge conversion has been granted for Ahmedabad-Botad and Dasa-Jetalsar tracks. The proposal was first floated by former railway minister Laloo Prasad in the budget announced in 2007, while Mamata Banerjee ordered a survey in the year 2010.A senior railway officer said that going by the present passenger-traffic, it is most likely to have at least four to five mail and express trains and an equal number of goods trains are likely to pass through the city.This could mean more traffic jams at the railway crossings in the city. Railway officials said that there are nearly 32 level crossings along the Ahmedabad-Sarkhej route, with no less than 16 between Sabarmati and Gandhigram railway station. Increased activity on this track will mean city's vehicular traffic will have to be halted more frequently. Railway officials said that earlier when denizens raised their voices against the traffic jam it was decided to terminate all meter gauge trains at Gandhigram station instead of Kalupur station. However, with gauge conversion the problem is only likely to worsen.Officials said in fact, goods trains from Bhavnagar would also be diverted on this line, which will take the total number of trains passing through the Ahmedabad-Botad line to 10 to 12.A senior AMC officer said that at the major junction, the corporation has already planned flyovers and underpasses. He said that a flyover near the busy Paldi junction - it was announced in 2011 - has already been proposed.Officials added that conversion of the Jetalsar-Dasa broad gauge also could add to the number of trains passing through the city. \"It is possible that trains starting from Porbandar would also run on the new Ahmedabad-Bhavnagar track via Botad. Currently, these trains take the Jamnagar-Rajkot-Viramgam route and then reach Ahmedabad,\" said railway officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269582", "title": "Rail Budget: Dinesh Trivedi leans on poetry to liven up speech", "text": "NEW DELHI: For somebody presenting his maiden budget, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi grabbed the opportunity to impress lawmakers with Hindi couplets and drive home his point about the state and importance of one of the world's largest rail networks.Trivedi was following a tradition of railway and finance ministers who have used poetry and couplets in their speech to make their point.Businessman-turned politician Trivedi used eight couplets during his speech and drew some applause from lawmakers but some termed his effort pedestrian.He began by praising \"the Rail Parivar\". \"Ab tak ki kaamyabi, tumhare naam karta hoon, harek ki lagan ko, jhuk kar salaam karta hoon (I dedicate the success to all of you and salute the dedication of each one of you).\"While elaborating on the issue of strengthening safety, he said deaths on rail tracks could never be tolerated and was not acceptable. \"Jaan hai to jahan hai (there is a world if there is life).\"Speaking about the need for huge resources to run the railways, Trivedi said he had opted for generational change with a focus on safety and inclusive growth to meet the aspirations of the country in the next decade. \"Haath ki lakir se zindagi nahi banti, aaj hamara bhi kuch hissa hai zindagi banana mein (mere lines of the hand don't make life what it is, I too have a role in shaping destiny).\"He ended his speech with a couplet, \"Rail gadi ki chuk chuk mein hi aam aadmi ki dhak dhak hai, rail gadi ki barakkat mein hi desh ki barakkat hai. Rail gadi ko kuch dular ki zaroorat hai, thodi rahat, thodi chahat, thodey pyar ki zaroorat hai. (The clickety-clak of the railways is the heartbeat of the common man, progress of the railways is the progress of the nation. The train needs a bit of care and a bit of love and a bit of your adulation).Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12269510", "title": "Truckers protest transport regulation", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that limiting the amount of ore a truck is allowed to carry or limiting the number of trips a truck is allowed to ply was detrimental to the truck owner's community, the Salcete Truck Transport Owners Association (STTOA) claimed that they were suffering huge losses due to government regulations. While addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, president of STTOA Franky Gomes hit out at the new transportation rules set in place by chief minister Manohar Parrikar to allow transportation of only 10 tonnes of iron ore per trip and added that with the number of monthly trips having already been reduced from 20 to less than fifteen, their families would be forced to starve.\"Now the the capping of how much ore to carry will be a huge loss not just to the exchequer but to truckers who survive on mining transport,\" said Gomes, while stating that the rate that they are paid per trip had also been reduced due to a slowdown in mining.Gomes further hit out the state transport department and alleged that around 100 truck owners were being forced to pay fines exceeding 1000 everyday. However when TOI contacted assistant director of transport, Prakash Azavedo, he refuted all allegations stating that his department only followed procedure when it came to imposing fines and that 'on an average day, the number of trucks fined are 25 and not anything close to 100.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12270446", "title": "Govt pledges to debate Lokpal Bill in House before March 30", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Opposition in the Rajya Sabha insisting on an immediate resumption of a debate on the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bill, the government on Wednesday said that it would bring it for further discussion during the first part of the Budget Session of Parliament (by March 30). However, it said that the discussion would be initiated only after other businesses like the Motion of Thanks to the President's address and passing of both General and Rail Budgets.Replying to a notice given by Leader of the Opposition Arun Jaitley seeking suspension of the Question Hour to resume debate on the Bill, parliamentary affairs minister P K Bansal said the government has studied the 187 amendments moved by both Opposition and allies in UPA-II since debate on the Bill was adjourned after the House was adjourned sine die on December 27.\"We want to bring the bill within this part of session itself,\" Bansal said, marking a change of stand as he had earlier said that the Bill would be taken up only after recess. He had then said it would be difficult to take up the Bill in the first part due to financial business.On Wednesday, Bansal, however, said the Lokpal and the Lokayukta Bills topped the agenda during the first half of the Budget session that ends on March 30. He said that the Motion of Thanks to the President's Address would be taken up first, followed by passing of General and Rail Budget and then the Lokpal Bill would be discussed.\"Notwithstanding the primacy that is accorded to passing of financial business, the government wishes to bring the (Lokpal) bill for further discussion in this part of the session,\" he said.\"The government has studied the amendments and we have formulated our views,\" he said when Opposition members pressed for a response to the amendments moved.The government is committed to put in place a \"strong mechanism to check corruption\", Bansal said adding the UPA government wanted to hold consultations with Opposition on amendments moved and passing of the Bill.He disagreed with Jaitley, who had cited Rule 257 to state that discussion on Lokpal Bill has to be taken up since it remained inconclusive when the House was adjourned sine die. \"There are other bills which we deferred...which were not concluded,\" Bansal said.\"More consultations are necessary,\" Bansal said throwing a question at Jaitley if the Opposition parties were ready for discussion. Jaitley countered Bansal saying the government did not deem it necessary to holds consultations for past two-and-half months and has suddenly realized the virtue of having talks.Jaitley quoted Rule 257 to state that the chairman if he deems necessary can adjourn the proceedings of the House for a timeframe to be decided by him. \"The debate cannot be indefinitely abandoned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12269001", "title": "Preacher\u2019s visit to city: High court seeks security details", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has asked the state to inform it of the measures it plans to take to maintain law and order over the lecture planned by Muslim preacher Tahir-Ul-Qadri.\"What steps are being taken to cool tempers,\" asked a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode. \"There should be adequate security and law and order should be maintained,\" added the judges while hearing a petition filed by Raza academy, who is opposing the lecture.Public prosecutor P A Pol told the court that the police was yet to take a decision on giving permission to Qadri, a Canadian citizen, who had shot to fame after he issued a fatwa against terrorism. He has been on the al Qaeda's hit-list.The high court remarked that the petitioners, who were opposing Qadri's lecture, themselves were from the Muslim community and that the matter needs to be looked into. The court has scheduled the matter for further hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12269879", "title": "Chief juctice asks for lawyers' plan", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka high court Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Wednesday declared that people should not feel they are going unrepresented due to the ongoing lawyers' strike.Responding to pleas from the Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) to withdraw the massive police deployment in the City Civil Court complex, Chief Justice Sen said: \"Courts are public property. They are not meant only for lawyers and judges. You should not obstruct people from coming to courts. The public should not feel they are going unrepresented.\"\"We are all equally concerned with regard to what had happened on the first day (March 2). But you are not letting us hear the first day PILs (on the March 2 violence). We are eager that justice should be done. But we also want to know what your plan is,\" the chief justice observed.\"In the past 10 days, every time an assurance was given and a statement made, you have only reneged on it. You are causing impediments to the hearing of these PILs. Police, who were on duty that day, have been withdrawn and central forces have been posted there,\" Sen said.He also said that somebody had incited the violence, but was presently not on the scene. \"I thought I had no patience. But I have lots of patience,\" the CJ remarked, asking the AAB office-bearers to get back to him after holding deliberations.Later, the high court directed the principal city civil and sessions judge to write to the home department, seeking the withdrawal of police force (RAF) from the complex and keeping police presence to the bare minimum.Earlier, AAB president K N Subba Reddy told the court that the situation , which had been slowly moving towards normal, was worsened by the heavy police presence at the civil court complex on Wednesday, and the lawyers were scared.He also claimed that about 90% lawyers were in favour of withdrawing the strike and the remaining would be won over in a day or two.Hearing adjournedMeanwhile, a division bench headed by the chief justice adjourned to next Wednesday hearing on a batch of PILs on the March 2 violence at the civil court complex. This was done as in some of the cases, notices had not been served on all the respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269677", "title": "Delhi serial blasts accused wants to contest MCD elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: A suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorist has moved a trial court to seek permission to contest the upcoming MCD elections. Zia-ur-Rehman, who is facing trial in the 2008 Delhi serial blasts, filed a petition through his counsel before additional sessions judge Narinder Kumar. He sought permission to \"file nomination to contest MCD 2012 elections\" from ward number 205, Zakir Nagar.Even as he is lodged in Sabarmati Jail, Ahmadabad, and the trial against him is under way, Zia sought the court's permission, saying his candidature \"did not suffer from any disqualification under the Delhi Municipal Corporation Act\". He further told the court that he would not seek release to campaign for the elections.\"The applicant may kindly be allowed to file his nomination through jail superintendent, Sabarmati Jail Ahmadabad, and necessary directions may kindly be also issued to jail superintendent,\" the petition said. The court, which heard the arguments of his counsel, has now reserved its order on his plea for Thursday.Zia and 12 others-suspected Indian Mujahideen militants-are facing trial in five different cases registered against them in connection with the serial blasts that rocked the capital on September 13, 2008, killing 26 people and injuring 135 others.All the accused have been booked under stringent penal provisions like waging war against the nation, murder, attempt to murder, criminal conspiracy and relevant sections of the Explosives Substance Act, the Information Technology Act and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.Speaking to TOI about Zia's decision to contest MCD elections from jail, his father said it was after the people of the area showed their support for him that Zia decided to file his nomination. \"People of our area believe that Zia is innocent and they have urged him to file his nomination for the MCD elections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12269209", "title": "CM discusses fate of RP 2021 with Edgar Ribeiro", "text": "PANAJI: Noted architect and planner Edgar Ribeiro, along with social activists Yatish Naik and Solano D'Silva, met chief minister Manohar Parrikar and discussed whether the Regional Plan 2021 (RP 2021) should be \"scrapped in its entirety\" or denotified, so that only the changes made by the state level committee to the draft RP 2021 be removed.Speaking to TOI after the meeting, Naik said that both Parrikar and the Ribeiro-led group agreed that the RP 2021 cannot be accepted in the present form. But, the point is how it should be done, Naik added.While Parrikar has said that RP 2021 will be scrapped, the modalities are not known and the chief minister has decided to look at the issue after the budget session.Naik said citizens' groups were of the opinion that the RP 2021 was good up to its draft stage, which was finalized by the Task Force.Ribeiro was an important member of the Task Force and has on several occasions communicated to the government that the RP 2021 needs an \"urgent re-visit through denotification\".Naik said that the plan saw massive changes after it was handed to the state level committee and therefore only the errors that crept into the plan during the state level committee stage must be rectified after denotifying the plan. \"The state level committee must be re-constituted and the plan must be sent back to the village gram sabhas,\" Naik said.But with the chief minister busy with the budget exercise and Ribeiro having engagements in Delhi, the two sides could not continue with the discussion. Naik said the chief minister has agreed to meet them sometime around March 26, after the budget session of the Goa legislative assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12269994", "title": "4 express trains for Ferozepur div, Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi till Moga", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Keeping in view the persistent demand of the people of the state in general and Sikh pilgrims in particular, Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday announced four express trains for Ferozepur division of the northern railway, including Guru Parikarma Express, connecting Golden Temple in Amritsar to Patna Sahib and Hazoor Sahib in Nanded. The train will run once a week.Besides, an express train between Ferozepur and Sriganganagar in Rajasthan via Fazilka and Abohar, and another weekly express train between Amritsar and Kanpur via Farrukhabad and Delhi, has also been given a green signal. A new express train between Delhi to Udhampur via Jalandhar has also been given clearance. This tri-weekly train will run via Ambala and Jalandhar.Vishvesh Chaubey, divisional railway manager, Ferozepur division said that the Union railway minister has announced to extend the Ludhiana-New Delhi Shatabdi Express till Moga, twice a week.A new DMU (diesel multiple unit) train between Ferozepur and Hoshiarpur has also been cleared.Chaubey informed that the budget has also cleared the electrification of Hisar-Jakhal-Ludhiana and Udhampur-Baramula-Srinagar rail sections.The proposal for laying new rail lines, which have been forwarded to the Planning Commission for its appraisal, include Udhampur-Katra, Qazikund-Banihal-Srinagar, Udhampur/Katra-Bhadrwal, Doda-Kishtwar, Khanna-Sahnewal and Ferozepur-Patti, informed Chaubey.The railway minister also announced to make operational the much-awaited Abohar-Fazilka rail track and Udhampur-Katra rail track for train services this year.Chaubey said, special emphasis has been laid in the budget to extend better passenger amenities for which a budgetary allocation of Rs 1,102 crore has been made as against Rs 762 crore last year, besides setting up of an alternate train accommodation system for waitlisted passengers would ensure smooth travelling for commuters.While welcoming the Union railway budget, Parveen Kumar, a senior railways union leader said the budget has proposed a wellness programme for railway staff at their work place, besides ensuring proper rest for skilled and technical staff, including the running crew would help ease the work load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269385", "title": "Rail Budget: Railways for dynamic fares but silent on timeline", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal backed up his minister on Wednesday by trying to explain the passenger fare hike in the context of the railways' deteriorating finances. Mittal said the increase in fares was a \"bold\" move that had become necessary to balance the budget and strengthen the railways' position. \"If the hike and the projected passenger traffic grow by about 5.4%, the amount comes to Rs 6,500 to 7,000 crore,\" Mittal said.Dinesh Trivedi has announced a plan for dynamic fare pricing by introducing a fuel adjustment component - which means, segregating fuel component in the cost associated with passenger service.\"...in the event of any further increase in input costs of railways, it will not be possible for us to keep the passengers cushioned from the impact of such increases,\" Trivedi said in the Lok Sabha while elaborating that the fuel adjustment component would be dynamic and linked to the fuel cost. Analysts say this move may run into face stiff opposition from political parties as it is likely to impact the travel cost for the aam aadmi.Mittal declined to give a timeline to implement the \"contentious\" proposal. Going by his statement though, the proposed hike and surge in passenger traffic would together help railways generate an additional Rs 6,500 crore-Rs 7,000 crore. At present, it is posting a loss of around Rs 21,000 crore on passenger traffic.According to the rail board chief, the fare hike was a good beginning for the cash-strapped transporter as cross-subsidizing passenger fare with freight earnings was not a good idea. \"No system can function without having adequate funds and as things work, we would not have been able to balance our budget had the minister not taken the very bold decision,\" Mittal said.He said the target of bringing down the operating ratio to 84.9% in the next fiscal was achievable. The transporter aims to cut operating ratio, which is the money spent to earn every Rs 100, to 84.9% in 2012-13 from 95% in the current fiscal. \"Railways has done it before. In 2004-05 the operating ratio was 91% which was brought down to 84% in 2005-06, 79% in 2006-07 and 76% in 2007-08,\" Mittal said.He said the railways pension liability has increased over the years and it stands at around Rs 18,500 crore now, while the staff cost is around 52% of its working expenses.Mittal said there was no move to roll back the recent hike in freight rates. The railways is expecting to generate around Rs 18,900 crore if it meets the targeted growth in freight traffic. He said as freight has a dynamic tariff structure, \"everything will depend on what the market expects\".Full coverage:Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270456", "title": "Govt move to help poor upper caste people", "text": "PATNA: State parliamentary affairs minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav on Wednesday said that the government has already released a sum of Rs 1.40 crore under the head of the Bihar Rajya Sawarna Ayog (BRSA) in the financial year 2011-12.Replying to a question of Sanjay Prasad of the RJD in the Bihar Legislative Council during pre-lunch session, Yadav said that the BRSA is in the process of conducting detailed survey of the people belonging to upper castes. The BRSA would also find out if fruits of various social security schemes and benefits regarding institutions of higher education were actually reaching the economically backward upper caste sections of the state, he said.\"The Bihar Rajya Sawarna Ayog would be free to decide its time limit about the submission of its recommendations since conducting survey is a stupendous task. The government would decide only after the submission of its recommendations,\" Yadav said in the Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268873", "title": "Commuters want foot space, not stations like airports", "text": "MUMBAI: A major part of their daily lives is spent finding foot space in crowded local trains, so when Union railways minister Dinesh Trivedi said in his maiden budget that he would make stations like airports and showed concern about safety, commuters took it with a pinch of salt.Shilpa Talreja has been traveling from Mira Road to Andheri for nearly 25 years, and the experience is \"nightmarish\". \"I regularly board the 8.50am train at Mira Road and am lucky if I find my feet on the footboard. Everyday, I am afraid a slight nudge will land me on the tracks,\" Talreja said.K K Prakashan, an activist who has been commuting since 1992, said, \"The situation is so bad that even boarding a Vasai local is becoming impossible in the morning.\" He explained how in the evening at Andheri station, commuters have to wait half an hour before to board a local. \"You come after the train arrives on the platform and getting in will become a challenge,\" said Prakashan.Ajay Modi may be a non-peak direction traveler, but he too does not enjoy the luxury of a relaxed journey. \"Travelling from Vile Parle to Vasai in the morning was considered non-peak hour travel. Today, I cannot tell the difference between peak and non-peak,\" said Modi, who has been commuting for over 20 years. Modi has even switched to the road at least twice a week. \"By road I get to my factory in 40 minutes thanks to the flyovers. Trains are uncertain,\" said Modi, who felt the fare hike was unjustified as there is no visible improvement in travel conditions.Prakashan said travel was worst last year as no new trains were introduced on the suburban network despite promises in the 2011-12 Union Railway Budget. But the 2007-09 period was good for commuting, thanks to the quadrupling of tracks and new trains, said Prakashan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12270254", "title": "Rail Budget: Women, disabled feel left out of scheme", "text": "Not all in the state cheered the railway budget on Wednesday. While there was gloom that the demand for more women's specials on the Chennai suburban route was not met, commuters in Coimbatore were sore that their plea for re-routing 13 long distance trains via the textile town remained unfulfilled. And, the announcement of disabled-friendly coaches without a timeframe for their introduction did not actually gladden the differently-tabled.Hundreds of women passengers in Chennai, who have for long been demanding more specials on the Chennai Beach-Tambaram suburban route, presently cram into the lone service - it leaves Tambaram at 8.37am and in the return direction, leaves Chennai Beach at 5.57pm. The timing of the service has been a concern for many.While it is convenient for school and college students, most working women, who have to be at the office between 9.30am and 10am, end up missing the service. This has also increased the rush on other trains. \"The idea of a women's special is novel but the timing is not right. It should have been decided based on a detailed study,\" said S Priya of Tambaram.The service, begun on August 12, 2009, with a capacity to carry 4,000 commuters, is presently used by around 800 women daily from Tambaram. An equal number board the train in the evening. Commuters in Coimbatore, who had for long been demanding that 13 long-distance trains that presently skip the town be re-routed through it, were unhappy that the issue did not find a mention in the budget.However, railway authorities said at least half of the 13 trains would be re-routed by June. Despite the minister's claim in the budget speech that 80,000 vacancies had been filled in the railways, the National Platform for the Rights of the Disabled said the backlog of vacancies against the quota for the disabled hadn't been filled. Besides, some differentlyabled people said, the promised extension of e-booking facility for them had not been done and concessions on local trains too were being denied. There were other disgruntled sections too.In Chennai, TN Rajasthan Pravasi Ekta Sangh founder-president Ashok Rajpurohit said \"It is a disappointment as despite our demands there are no new trains from Chennai to Rajasthan.\" The Kanyakumari Railway Users Association said, \"The budget should have given maximum funds to complete doubling of Madurai-Chennai line,which is highly congested. More trains can be operated only if the line is doubled.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012\u00bb Rail Budget 2012\u00bb Pre Budget 2012\u00bb Budget News 2012\u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269710", "title": "Fund \u2018misuse\u2019: Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta serves notice on CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta on Wednesday said he has served a notice of defamation and claim for damages on chief minister Sheila Dikshit for allegations of irregularities in the working of NGO Sampurna run by his wife.Gupta again demanded that the CM must withdraw her charges and apologize unconditionally or he shall file a case. The CM on Monday took on the BJP for attacking her government and deflecting the attention from the failures of the BJP-ruled MCD. She had lashed out at the state BJP president, hinting that all was not well with the functioning of NGO Sampurna. Gupta has rubbished the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12270251", "title": "Vacate, Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike tells Russell Market traders", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) on Wednesday issued a public notice asking traders in Russell Market to vacate their shops immediately as the building was \"in a dilapidated condition\" and it was \"not safe\" to continue to operate out of the 85-year-old landmark structure.The BBMP notice comes in the wake of the traders taking up renovation work on the gutted market. On February 25, the market had been ravaged by a fire that gutted 174 of the 440 shops in the building.\"The building is in a dilapidated condition. It is not safe to continue to operate from there. The BBMP will renovate the market for the traders and a full-fledged market will be given to them. There are chances of more accidents occurring in the market and so the traders must vacate their shops immediately, failing which the BBMP will not be held responsible for any untoward incidents in the future,\" a BBMP official said, quoting from the public notice.Three days ago, the BBMP issued individual notices to all the shop owners, but most of them declined to receive them. Renovation work continued on Wednesday too, and the market was due to be inaugurated on Thursday.\"We received individual notices two days ago. But work on reinforcing the market was almost over by then. A team of engineers certified by BBMP has worked to rebuild the gutted portions of the market. The BBMP should have issued these notices immediately after the fire. It is too late now. We are confident the renovation work has rendered the building safe,\" said Mohammed Idrees Chowdhury, general secretary of the Russell Market Traders' Association.The public notice also took exception to the renovation work taken up by the traders, and said that no further business should be conducted from the market, till further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12270557", "title": "Police arrest absconding MCOCA accused", "text": "WARDHA: The police on Wednesday arrested Mahesh Thakur, a history sheeter, who was wanted in a MCOCA case besides several other crimes, and was absconding for several months.The local crime branch of Wardha led by PP Kolwatkar arrested Thakur from Kushinagar, Nagpur, at 1.30am on Wednesday. He has been charged in an attempted murder over an year ago.The police got information that he was residing at Kushinagar of Nagpur, and a trap was laid to arrest him. He has been sent to police custody by Wardha district court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271252", "title": "Right of way introduced in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has introduced the 'right of way' so that farmers get legal access on a strip of private land for reaching their homes and farms or laying water pipelines. Provisions under this act enable any farmer to approach the government for the right to use of a land of private landholder in larger public interest after paying compensation.\"Given the scattered land holdings in the state and disarrayed settlements, people find it difficult to access their land and homes and have to pass through farms. To make it easy, the government has introduced this amendment in its Tenancy Act of 1955,\" said Ram Khilari Meena, principal secretary, Revenue department.\"Now, in a public interest and after paying proper compensation, they can make roads or bring underground pipelines for irrigation,\" he added.Though the amendment was made in the year 2010, the drafting of rules has been completed this month. As per the rules, any farmer who wants to dig an underground water pipeline through the land of another farmer or pave or expand a road through it, will have to approach to the sub divisional officer (SDO). The SDO will take the case on merit and if he finds the request genuine and helpful for the community at large, he will pass the orders. The time period for taking any such decisions shall be 90 days.However, the applicant will have to pay compensation for this. For underground water pipeline, the compensation would be 10% of the district lease committee (DLC) rates and for making a road it will be double the DLC rates of the land.So far, the state government was not granting permission for any such activities. \"The amendment was made after receiving a large number of requests from the farmers. The major problem they face is connecting water pipelines for irrigating their land. In many cases, roads that join villages to main roads cut across fields and are too narrow. They need to be widened especially to avoid any unfortunate incidents in cases of emergency,\" said an official from the land revenue department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12271312", "title": "Sodhis party as Ishanpreet turns 6", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sodhis celebrated the sixth birthday of their son Ishanpreet Singh on Wednesday.Ishanpreeta's father Bhagwinder Pal Singh, a 33-year-old resident of BRS Nagar who is a sales manager, said his wife Gurpreet Kaur, both sons Ishanpreet and Taranpreet and him went to the gurdwara in the morning.\"After paying obeisance and making donations, we organized a lunch party for our family,\" he said. The evening saw Sodhis celebrate again during a party for family and friends at a resort in Sahnewal. The birthday boy seemed elated with all the gifts and blessings. \"I always wanted my sona's birthday to be special and am happy that my husband kept his promise,\" said Gurpreet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12272097", "title": "Jury\u2019s out on unrecognised schools in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The District Education Officer's drive against unrecognised schools, especially in the Old City, is slowly petering out as several members of educational bodies and social activists have begun supporting these schools. They say that dissemination of knowledge in the remotest corners of the city is more important than adhering to government stipulations pertaining to school infrastructure.While the DEO's office puts the number of unrecognised schools in the city at 260, unofficial estimates point to a greater number. While activists say that sub-standard education is no education, there are others who point out that these unrecognized schools working out of poor pockets of the Old City are actually filling in for the missing government schools. Educationalists say that the failure of government schools to reach out to backward sections has acted as a catalyst for the mushrooming of unrecognised schools in almost every lane in the Old City and there is no reason why they should be shut down. Students from unrecognised schools appear as 'private' candidates of recognised schools, thus forming a nexus in which both schools gain financially as the fee paid by a private student is higher.\"There are 100 such schools in the Old City which have no qualified teachers . Last year we shut down 10 schools in Bandalaguda, Charminar and Golconda . Despite encouraging the management of these schools to register with the DEO's office, they continue to pay no heed,\" says district education officer M Somi Reddy.\"The poor aren't particular about the standard of education because they are unaware. While many unrecognised schools give poor quality of education, some are better than many government schools,\" says Zafar Javeed, general secretary, Federation of AP Minorities Educational Institutions . According to rough estimates, there are more than 1,000 unrecognised schools in the Old City alone.Fazlullah Qurram from the Federation of Private Management Schools says, \"There are many families which can afford to pay a fee of only Rs 20 a month. That's how these schools have survived.\" However, activists working in the Old City believe that a crackdown was much needed to check the growth of these schools. Swaroop Kumar from the NGO Mahita says, \"As per rules, a school should have a floor space of at least 1,000 square feet. Many schools operate from just one small room. The standard of education must not be compromised . Gullible people are attracted by incentives such as free school uniforms .\" Mujeeb Khan, who owns a school and is a member of Ranga Reddy District Association of Schools echoes Kumar's opinion. \"These schools are unable to provide students with a transfer certificate or a bonafide certificate which is a must-have if one wants to pursue a college education or even for securing a job. These places have no value ,\" he says.These schools often remain unrecognized largely because they are unable to afford the permissions. Zakir Hussain from MESCO says, \"Sanitation certificates and permission for a playground have to be taken from the GHMC. Most established private schools get these easily as they have the money. It takes a lot of money to have documents in place such as lease deeds, fire safety compliance certificate, traffic permissions and sanitation permission . Also, Rs 25,000 is to be paid as corpus fund. How can a school in a slum arrange for so large an amount?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12271516", "title": "Barricades leading to 13 Mall Avenue to be removed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fortress-like security arrangements including barriers put up to ban the vehicular movement in front of 13 Mall Avenue will finally go away. The barriers were placed at the behest of former chief minister Mayawati. The road in front of 13 Mall Avenue and annexed 13A Mall Avenue will finally be opened for the common man from March 16. A senior police official, talking to TOI, confirmed that barricades put up on the road leading to 13 Mall Avenue will be removed on Friday.The changed scenario is all set to come as a reprieve for several residents who have been residing on the Mall Avenue Road but were forced to take a longer route to reach their residences. The barricading was done a few months after Mayawati took over as the chief minister after the BSP won 2007 assembly elections. The removal of barricading is almost certain as the road leading to 5 Kalidas Marg, the official residence of UP chief minister, which also was out of bounds for the common man, has been partially thrown open.Even though the officials are of the view that barricading to 5 Kalidas Marg had been partially lifted as the road will be open for vehicles of VVIPs when chief minister-designate Akhilesh Yadav will be sworn-in as the chief minister on Thursday. The heavy barricades that prohibited 'trespassing' of even senior government officials on 5 KD Marg till the other day, not to speak of commoners when Mayawati was the chief minister, would turn into a 1.5 kilometre-long thoroughfare for movement of VIP vehicles on their way to gate number 2 of La Martiniere College ground which would host the swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav.Adding to this, the vehicles of senior police, administrative officials , army officers and judges will be allowed to park in front of CM's official residence. According to the traffic movement plan prepared by the Lucknow police, even media vans will be allowed to move through the road on their way to the swearing-in ceremony venue. Further decision on the movement of vehicles on 5 KD Marg will only be taken after knowing the wish of the new chief minister, another senior police official told TOI.In the BSP regime, Mayawati had stopped meeting common man directly after she became the chief minister. In fact, during the BSP's introspection meeting a couple of days back, several senior leaders had vociferously put the onus of BSP's defeat on the fact that Mayawati remained out of bounds for the common man on the advise of a few 'sycophant' officials who raised security concerns before her.The barricades could have been removed a couple of days before March 16 but as Mayawati is still the caretaker CM and was expected to leave for New Delhi only on Wednesday evening, while March 15 will be hectic for security officials as the new chief minister will be sworn-in , it was decided in principle to lift the barricades and leave the road wide open for the common man and residents of the area only from March 16.In any case what is the use of barricading on the road when Mayawati is all set to reside in New Delhi, another senior police official, while justifying the decision to open the road for the commoner , told TOI.Times ViewT here is no denying that our leaders need the best possible security. But there can be little point in overdoing it to the extent that a whole road where a chief minister lives is made out of bounds to the public. The road to 5 Kalidas Marg had been barricaded for five years, while it might have been enough to have a tight security cordon around the chief minister's house only. The barricade has since been lifted partially. But this road needs to be thrown open to the public. Other such barricades too need to go. Our leaders should keep in touch with the masses, not keep the public away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275019", "title": "Mall development at its nascent stage in India", "text": "India Fashion Forum outlines the future roadmap for growth of fashion and retail industryThe Fashion industry stalwarts congregated at the India Fashion Forum (IFF) 2012, in Mumbai, for an exchange of industry best practices and knowledge-sharing. The forum discussed the challenges confronted by players in achieving the exponential growth of fashion industry in India and the untapped opportunity that exists in India.The panelists, including Sunil Biyani - Director, Future Group and Kevin Chee - Country head, Capital Malls Asia, discussed malls and arrived at a consensus that mall development is at its nascent stage in India compared to developed countries where mall management, culture and shopping experiences are highly evolved. The entire retail industry is evolving and both retailers and mall developers are learning from their mistakes, hence partnership of the two is vital for the success of retail in India. Proactive management for developers would mean designing amenities inside mall and for retailers it would be store sizes. Retailers should understand market demographics especially in tier 2 and 3 cities and accordingly determine store size, thereby, negating the high rentals and low footfalls scenario.Sunil Biyani says \"Over a period of time most malls will succeed; Ahmedabad will take 18-24 months on an average for their malls to be successful after adopting aggressive marketing strategies. There will be footfalls in Pune. Tier II locations for malls are the key players in future.\" Kevin Chee said, \"The three factors that the developers and retailers should keep in mind are long term view for a business to give returns, proactive management- for landlord, developer &amp; retailer and partnership with the landlord and the retailer should go hand-in-hand.\"The session on emergence of E-commerce and online retailing highlighted the pressing need for online retailers to distinguish themselves on services and offer unique products rather than competing on the price-points. Online portals need to create that initial experience for the end customer by way of innovation in e-commerce and streamline the payment gateways.Mr Rajiv Prakash, Venture Partner-E commerce &amp; Consumer Business (formerly CEO, FutureBazaar.com) said, \"In India consumers prefer the touch and feel experience. According to reports, 40 million people transact online. The time spent on online website is on an average 3-4 mins on a normal website and 7-8 mins on a fashion website. But for online portals, cash-on-delivery is the most important.\"Mr Manmohan Agarwal - Founder, Yebhi.com further added, \"E-commerce picked up in 2009 and yet hasn't reached its peak. The volumes of the transaction are expected to increase by 2013-14. Cash-on-delivery acts like a payment gateway. So what is essential is to build on this fact, further leverage it, moving ahead and strengthening your process by building your own delivery network .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270803", "title": "HC stays Nagpur University hiring over blind man's plea", "text": "NAGPUR: A blind man has moved the high court here alleging flouting of rules by Nagpur University in appointment of lecturers. A division bench of chief justice Mohit Shah and justice Prasanna Varale, on Wednesday, stayed the entire recruitment process of the university. The court also issued notices to the respondents including UGC chairman Ved Prakash, NU vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal and state secretary for higher and technical education, directing them to file reply within two weeks.Rajesh Asudani (35), a meritorious candidate who aspired to be a lecturer, had argued in-person during first hearing but taking into consideration his blindness, the court appointed Ashutosh Dharmadhikari as amicus curiae to plead his case. He claimed that NU violated Persons with Disabilities (Equal opportunities, protection of rights and full participation) act, 1995, in its advertisements for recruitment of professors, associate and assistant professors. He said these advertisements provided reservation for the disabled but \"subject to availability\" and stated that preference would be given to physically handicapped. He added that advertisements failed to specify the exact nature of disability and were against various circulars issued by UGC, Government of Maharashtra, Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, and also against the settled laws established by judgments of Supreme Court and various high courts.Asudani, working with RBI as Class-I officer, pointed out that NU had issued advertisements for lecturers' recruitment three times in five years - on July 13, 2007, March 26, 2008 and August 30, 2011. The petitioner contended that reservation of posts for disabled persons under Sections 32 and 33 were binding on all the establishments but NU disregarded them in letter and spirit while reserving only four posts for physically handicapped persons, that too making it \"subject to availability\". He took strong objection to this rider terming it as patently illegal and militating against the letter and spirit of law.Asudani argued that same rider had not been placed for filling up posts for SC/ST candidates, even though some posts have been advertised numerous times. He cited examples of head of NU post graduate law department Shirish Deshpande and retired sociology lecturer Prof Lakshman Khapekar who earned distinction for their unmatched academic success despite blindness from this very university. He prayed for cancelling the advertisements and directives to NU to come up with new one with proper reservations for disabled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12271037", "title": "Rail Budget: Common people mangey more", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The aam aadmi demands better facilities at the railway reservation counters, catering and better quality restrooms with the recent fare hikes proposed by the railway minister on Wednesday.Jatin Mansukhani, a travel buff and a third year commerce student and member of the Youth Hostel network claims that a little augmentation in facilities related to the ease in travel bookings and integrations with hotel networks across the country was a need of the hour. \"We have a small group from Ahmedabad who travel more than 4,000 km in a year. We face a lot of problems planning our journeys by rail as there is no certainty of making last minute changes or adding new destinations. A small amount of the hike should go into drawing up new business models for encouraging both domestic and international tourism. Europe is a classic example.\"Whereas Praveen Bokharia, a businessman claims, \"The food quality served in the railways today has gone to the dogs. Its worse traveling North or East. A large number of people from Gujarat travel on pilgrimages including me and want that the catering services are hygienic. The fare hike should be utilized in improving hygiene and food served across various rail networks. A vigilance division should be augmented with more personnel to improve customer services.\"Ishita Vaghela , a housewife, however, claims, \"A railway hike is logical if the government is seriously working towards making railway journey safe and improve facilities like seats and accommodate more passengers or introduce special trains during peak festival seasons,\" she says.The fare hike should be an assurance that better facilities like comfortable restrooms, improved passenger information systems at smaller stations in Gujarat and clean and safe rail journey is assured to us. Mahendrasinh Dayatra, businessmanIf the hike goes into meeting just administrative expenses of the railways then the hike is criminal. Instead a large amount should be utilized in making rail journey safe and timely. Nalim Malhotra, buisnessmanComputerisation has not prevented queues outside railway reservation counters. A large majority of Indians have no access to internet to book tickets online. Instead of filing forms at reservation counters the ministry should bring out special pre-paid railway cards like a UID card that just needs to be swiped at the counters and journey details entered for faster travel bookings. Bimal Jhaveri, sales head.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12274145", "title": "Wet summer could lead to climate confusion in Australia", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian climate scientists are concerned over the fact that the nation's cool and wet summer could lead to confusion about whether climate change is real, according to a media report.The last few months have seen floods in New South Wales , Queensland and Victoria , with river systems overflowing and dams filled to the brim, and temperatures in the 20s rather than the 30s in many parts of Australia's south-east, the ABC reported.The weather conditions appeared to be contrary to the Climate Commission's latest report, which said global average temperatures have continued to rise over the last decade.The six-page report, written by expert Matthew England from University of New South Wales, Will Steffen from the Australian National University and David Karoly from University of Melbourne , said that 2011 was the warmest La Nina year on record, and warmer than all but one year of the 20th century.However, Professor England, also the co-director of UNSW's Climate Change Research Centre and chair of the Science Advisory Panel for the Climate Commission, said: \"There's a lot of misinformation out there and a lot of commentary that climate change is over and this is just not the case. The long-term trend is still one of drying actually over south-eastern Australia, even taking into account the last couple of wet years.The fact that we have a couple of heavy rainfall events, that's actually in line with our expectations under climate change of more extreme rainfall events when they do occur.\"\"He said people have short memories when it comes to their experiences of weather conditions. You have a cold snap and you suddenly think, I want global warming to come now, not in 20 years or 10 years' time,\" he said.\"You have a heat wave and suddenly people are talking again about climate change\" he added.He further commented that people cannot personally detect the kind of warming trend that comes with climate change.\"People can't personally detect a long-term sensory scale warming trend; it's just impossible,\" he said, adding, \"We know from the measurement records the planet is warming and that our climate is changing, it's just that we have a very difficult job explaining that when day-to-day weather varies by such a large amount.\"He said he has not detected much change in the political will to tackle climate change.\"Great politicians like Malcolm Turnbull [are] forever good on this topic. He understands the science well, he's been briefed well,\" he said.\"In the government there's obviously a move towards putting in a carbon tax and putting in an incentive to business to go to low carbon technologies and so on.\"So the right moves are being made but I would agree that basically the response globally and also within Australia it's way too slow [compared to what] we should be having given the scale of the problem we're facing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269541", "title": "Rail Budget: Crumbling station gets windfall", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sarai Rohilla railway station in the city is in a shambles and cannot handle heavy rail traffic with just three platforms.So, when railway minister Dinesh Trivedi chose Sarai Rohilla to flag off four new trains and also raise the frequency of few others, eyebrows were raised even in the railway ministry. The station which was established in 1936 as a halt point, has undergone little modernization over the years.\"The waiting hall is crumbling and we don't even have a decent washroom. Moreover, the stabling yard is inadequate to handle so many trains. It is surprising that the railway board told the minister to introduce trains to Udhampur in Jammu and Kashmir, and Bandra in Mumbai. Most trains originating from here are scheduled for short distances, mostly till Rajasthan. We do not know how passengers of a full AC train (to Udhampur) will react to the facilities here,'' said an officer.A Northern Railway official said, the initial plan was to handle all new east-bound trains from the Anand Vihar terminal, while those to the west and the north were to be regulated at the Bijwasan and the Holambi Kalan stations - both of which were to be developed into world-class terminals. \"Over the past three years, the budgetary allocations for Anand Vihar phase-II constructions remained stagnant (efforts are on to open the fourth platform) along with the Bijwasan and Holam Kalan projects. But now suddenly, the Sarai Rohilla station has been propped up,'' said an official.\"I have been using this station for years now. Forget long distance passengers, even daily commuters have been demanding basic facilities at the station. We want amenities like a food joint and clean toilets. But each time we have been told that it's the big three - New Delhi, Old Delhi and Hazrat Nizamuddin - that are taking away all the budgetary allocations,'' said Yogendra Sharma, member of the local railway passengers association.There have been instances when there have been serious question marks on the security at the station at night, said sources.\"The station does not have a taxi stand, and the entry and the exit points are an eyesore. If we are to make this station a success, there should be a serious discussion with the police on managing both the security and the traffic here,'' said another officer.The fate of the Anand Vihar terminal is yet to be known. In the phase II, the number of platforms will be increased to seven in total and the terminal will have a capacity to handle over three hundred thousand passengers and as many as 270 trains daily.Phase II of the Anand Vihar makeover involves linking the terminal with the original Anand Vihar station (Station code: ANVT), which is a roadside station comprising two platforms serviced by only sub-urban trains. For phase-II of Anand Vihar, Northern Railways has invited a consultant for upgrading the station with world class facilities, but the efforts are yet to bear fruit.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12271024", "title": "Cops name 3 Iranians in terror attack on Israeli", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police and intelligence agencies say they have identified the three Iranian nationals who planned and executed the bomb attack on the Israeli diplomat's car on February 13 here.The accused have been identified as Houshang Afshar Irani, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr and Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi. All three hold Iranian passports and came to Delhi 15 days before the attack on tourist visas. The trio left the city after the bombing for a middle-eastern country.The investigation agencies are trying to find out which group within Iran were the three affiliated to. \"Preliminary investigations suggest they belong to the Iranian spy agency,\" a source said.Police commissioner B K Gupta is likely to hold a press conference on Thursday or Friday to share details of the investigations.The source said the passport of Houshang Irani, son of Ataollah, was issued on January 9, 2010, by the Iranian government. Similarly, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr, son of Seyed Ebrahim, had his passport issued on December 25, 2008, and that of Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi, son of Mohammad Javad, was issued on December 2, 2008. All three, had visited India earlier as well.Irani had reportedly come to Delhi in February 2011 and met Kazmi regarding the plan to attack an Israeli official, the source said. He also stayed with Kazmi for some time. This time around, the bombers stayed at a Paharganj hotel.On the day of the blast, sources said, Irani rented a black Hero Honda Passion Pro bike from Karol Bagh. He followed the diplomat's car as she headed towards the American school. As the car stopped at the Aurangzeb Road-Safdarjung Road crossing, he stuck the magnetic IED on the right side of the car and fled. The cops have recovered the black bike.Amid protests over journalist Kazmi's arrest in the case, cops firmly said he was part of the conspiracy and provided logistical help to the bombers. Delhi Police's special investigation team had recovered a moped, HR51-5306, from Kazmi's residence when he was arrested on March 6. Sources say this moped was used by the attackers in their recce operations. It was purchased in the name of Irani before the blast and while leaving India, he left it with Kazmi as a gift, said the source. Irani had also parked the rented bike at Kazmi's place.During the raid at Kazmi's house, cops say they recovered a photograph of the journalist together with Irani. According to sources, the bombers hatched the plan to attack an Israeli embassy staffer in Delhi sometime in February 2011 and Kazmi was contacted to help in the operation. He reportedly agreed.Police said they have enough evidence to prove Kazmi's complicity in the case. Kazmi, sources say, was promised good money for his help and an instalment of $5,000 was already paid. The SIT recovered a laptop, two computers, a phone and $1,250 from Kazmi apart from his Maruti Alto car, which too he had allegedly lent to the bombers for their recce work. Investigators say he was in regular touch with the bombers for the past one year and had also been asked to recruit men for the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12274321", "title": "Rozgar sewaks to be made more accountable", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Fortnightly or monthly meetings either at the block-level or at the district-level will become irrelevant if rozgar sewaks furnish a monthly self-appraisal report with regard to the progress made under the MGNREGA in their respective panchayats, an official said in Palamu.Ramgarh deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal is the first official to introduce self-appraisal report for rozgar sewaks of Ramgarh and made it mandatory. \"Rozgar Sewaks under the MGNREGA are to be made more accountable,\" said administrative sources here on Tuesday.Kaushal said it is the right time to make rozgar sewaks do a self-appraisal for the work taken up under MGNREGA in their panchayats. He said under this a rozgar sewak would have to furnish details like mandays created in a month, wages paid, expenditures made on material components, number of schemes started and completed, number of families to have got 100-day employment and complaints. This could possibly tame the errant rozgar sewaks for a better and effective implementation of MGNREGA schemes.Last year in Palamu, more than six rozgar sewaks were dismissed for gross dereliction of duty by deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal, who said no rozgar sewak could take a labourer for a ride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12274714", "title": "Odisha Administrative Service officials get practical training in tackling disability", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With a white cane in hand and blind-folded, Odisha Administrative Service (OAS) officer Balamukund Bhuyan moved around a hotel for an hour here on Wednesday to experience what it means to be a visually-challenged.\"One realizes why small things like tactile paving of floors are important for blind persons. We have long way to go in making things accessible to the differently-abled,\" said Bhuyan who is district project coordinator of Sarva Siksha Abhiyan (SSA), the government-run universal primary education programme, in Koraput district.Around 100 district-level officers of SSA, including DPCs, inclusive education coordinators (IEC) and technical consultants from the 30 districts were first blind-folded and then made to sit on wheelchairs to experience the difficulties of the disabled as part of a sensitization programme.The State Commission for Persons with disability in association with Samarthyam, a national-level NGO working for accessible environments for the disabled, organized the two-day training that will end on Thursday.\"These people work at the grassroots-level for inclusive and universal education. We are trying to sensitize them towards the problems of special children so that they will keep the latter's needs in mind while planning and executing projects in their respective districts,\" said commissioner for persons with disability Kasturi Mahapatra.The first hand experience would make them realize the problem better. Samarthyam executive director Anjlee Agarwal, who is the resource person for the training programmme, said \"We are trying to make them feel the plight of the disabled. The problems they faced in structural design around them were discussed after the exercise,\" she said.The participants said the demonstration will go a long way in their future planning for the disabled children.\"I now realize how toilets and even drinking water facilities in several schools are not accessible to several special children,\" said Hemant Bhoi, IEC of Nuapada district.After implementation of the Right to Education Act, the government is increasingly encouraging special children to attend the same schools along with normal children. Around 1.30 lakh children in Odisha in Class I to Class VIII were identified as specially-abled.\"Unless their needs were addressed, the goal of universal and compulsory primary education will not be realized,\" said Ashok Mohapatra, IEC at Odisha Primary Education Programme Authority (OPEPA), which runs the Sarva Sikhya Abhijaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271080", "title": "Many injured as cops, farmers clash in Kota", "text": "JAIPUR: Five policemen and nearly half-a-dozen farmers were injured in a clash at Bhamashah Krishi Upaj Mandi (BKUM) in Kota on Wednesday.Following the death of a 'mandi' accountant in the afternoon, farmers and accountants resorted to a violent protest against BKUM office bearers. They allegedly attacked the association's secretary Jawahar Lal Nagar and additional secretary Narendra Kumar Swarnkar. They even set fire to Swarnkar's car.When the police tried to intervene, the villagers allegedly threw stones at them. The cops lathicharged the crowd which left around five policemen and several farmers injured.Kota city circle officer Chandrasheel Thakur said, \"In the stone-pelting, five constables suffered injuries. We dispersed the crowd using mild force.\" The police later had to call Rapid Action Force to disperse the protesters.Thakur said there had been a dispute over an internal matter in the mandi, but the situation worsened after the death of accountant Pappu Punia.Kota (south) MLA Om Birla alleged corrupt practices like selling leftover grains illegally are rampant in the mandi. \"Last evening, Punia had an argument with mandi guards when he tried to stop them from taking out the leftover grains illegally after the transactions were completed. The guards could be selling it in the shops outside the mandi illegally,\" alleged Birla. Punia was also threatened of dire consequences, claimed Birla.Sources said following the argument, Punia complained of chest pain at night and was rushed to a private hospital where he died while undergoing treatment.The agitating farmers and accountants have demanded a compensation of Rs10 lakh for Punia's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12275235", "title": "Economic Survey: India 4th largest economy but has low per capita income", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has become the fourth largest economy in the world due to a strong economic growth but still has a low per capita income, the Economic Survey revealed today.\"India has emerged as the fourth largest economy globally with a high growth rate and has improved its global ranking in terms of per capita income. Yet, the fact remains that its per capita income continues to be quite low,\" it said.\"India has moved up the ranks, but is still the poorest among the G-20,\" the survey added. The per capita income of India stood at $1,527 in 2011, it said. \"...this is perhaps the most visible challenge. Nevertheless, India has a diverse set of factors, domestic as well as external, that could drive growth well into the future,\" the survey said.Between 1980 and 2010, India achieved a growth of 6.2 per cent, while the world as a whole registered a growth rate of 3.3 per cent. As a result, India's share in global GDP more than doubled from 2.5 per cent in 1980 to 5.5 per cent in 2010, it said. Consequently, India's rank in per capita GDP showed an improvement from 117 in 1990 to 101 in 2000 and further to 94 in 2009.China, however, improved its rank from 127 to 74 during the same period. G-20 or the Group of 20 nations was formed in 1999 after the East Asian crisis as a forum of finance ministers and central bank governors. Meanwhile, the survey said any slowdown in eurozone, which accounts for 19% of the global GDP, could impact the Indian economy. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has forecast that the eurozone is likely to go through a mild recession in 2012.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \" Rail Budget 2012 \" Pre Budget 2012 \" Budget News 2012 \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273430", "title": "Shahid Kapoor is dating Nargis Fakhri!", "text": "Just last month, Shahid Kapoor celebrated his birthday in great style over a four-day weekend at Goa's sun-kissed Morjim beach.What's more, while most of his guests flew down for the big party much later, he left earlier, accompanied by a certain Nargis Fakhri . Ever since, there has been widespread speculation as to whether they are the newest love birds in Bollywood.Rumours apart, Mumbai Mirror can now tell you that it's official - Shahid and Nargis are indeed a couple; the latest to hit tinsel town.\"Nargis is Shahid's latest love. Since the past few days, the two are spending a lot of quality time with each other. So far, they have avoided being seen together. Perhaps they wanted to keep the whole thing under wraps for some more time,\" revealed a source close to the twosome.When did the 'good friends' become more than just that? Said the source, \"Nargis spent a lot of time with Shahid in Goa. They were attracted to each other then and their friendship grew after returning to Mumbai. However, they started dating only recently.\"How serious is their relationship, considering Shahid has been linked to a bevy of B-town beauties including Anushka Sharma and Bipasha Basu ever since his break up with Priyanka Chopra last year? \"Well, he is quite serious about Nargis and likes her company,\" the source said.Meanwhile, Nargis too has been earlier linked to the likes of Ranbir Kapoor and Shayan Munshi although according to the source, she is hardly in contact with either of them now.We tried to get in touch with Shahid and Nargis but both remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12271006", "title": "Mumbai strikes gold, bags new services, longer rakes &amp; elevated tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: Dinesh Trivedi may have ruffled feathers in Bengal but has given Mumbai its best railway budget in quite some time. Officials rank it better than even those in the late 1990s, when an MP from Mumbai, Ram Naik, was the minister of state for railways.You will have to pay more for your suburban commute and even for setting foot on a platform, but what Mumbai has got this year more than makes up for the first hike in fares since 2003. Railway minister Trivedi has not only set the ball rolling for a substantial increase in elbow room on Mumbai's lifeline-its suburban trains-but has also pre-empted the pressure that the proposed Navi Mumbai airport would put on transport infrastructure by making the satellite city the focus of much of his plans for the zone.The budget will also give CM Prithviraj Chavan and the Congress - under the weather following the BMC poll debacle and the Kripashankar Singh episode - something to take to the Assembly budget session. It is also an indication of his clout with Delhi and bodes well for the city ahead of Friday's Budget.The hike in what you have to shell out for your suburban commute is substantial;initial calculations show the hike varies between a little more than 5% (for travel between 75km and 100km) to a substantial 42% (for travel between 10 km and 25 km or, roughly, between Churchgate to Bandra or Andheri).But what you get in terms of more space while travelling makes up for that. Some of it will come later but some of it will be immediate,before this financial year ends.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275823", "title": "Cameraman 'Chiru'tho Ramcharan!", "text": "Mega politics inside the 'Konidela' family are grabbing huge interest these days, with a possible 'split' talk hitting the top stars of Tollywood. Adding much suspense to the whole drama directed by Charan, PK's latest move shocked fans.'Baabai is busy in United States ..', none other than RamCharan started the 'soap' to control huge fan-base that are going mad with 'We want Powerstar' slogans. 'He is focusing a lot on Gabbar Singh's post-production..', Megastar Chiru added a mega-climax to Powerstar's absence at 'Racha' audio function.However, Pawan Kalyan Yesterday shocked everyone by attending the launch of his latest film 'Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu' at Puri Jagan's office. To avoid the media, PK deliberately hasn't invited Journos for coverage, but released the pics of the 'muhurat'. What shocks everyone is how Pawan can finish such an important post-production happening overseas in just a couple of days. Has Ramcharan and Chiru enacted a big drama on stage that day to satisfy the 'powerstar' hungry fans, is the mega doubt! This is about 'Cameraman Chiru tho Ramcharan' for you folks.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12270213", "title": "Rail Budget: Tamil Nadu smiles at promises to keep", "text": "If the railway budget proposals are implemented in earnest, train commuters in Tamil Nadu have a good year ahead. The state has got a reasonable share of the railway pie this year. But for an increase in fare, rail users can rejoice as the budget has sanctioned more trains, new lines and just enough funds to carry forward ongoing projects to double, electrify and convert tracks in the state.The focus seems to have been to fill up the gaps in infrastructure development, capacity and connectivity. The railway budget presented by minister Dinesh Trivedi has proposed 13 new trains, including four passenger trains, besides extending six trains and increasing the frequency of four trains.Chennai's suburban network will get 18 new services and railways have approved a feasibility study to make Royapuram railway station into a passenger terminal on the lines of Egmore or Central. Officials and passengers should be equally happy as rail infrastructure in the state is bound to improve if the proposals take shape. One of the two proposed lines includes connecting Avadi with Guduvancherry via Sriperumbudur and Oragadam. However, only `50 crore has been allocated for doubling of the Chengalpet-Villupuram line, which is crucial for the railways plans to introduce more trains and cut travel time substantially.The project needs `233 crore for completion. Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said the budget met all demands of the region. \"We've got what we asked for. Funds have been sanctioned for ongoing projects,\" she said. Passengers, too, sounded by and large happy.\"The budget is satisfactory in terms of the number of trains and other proposals. But the ministry should have provided maximum funds for doubling of the Madurai-Chennai track which is crucial to operate more trains and cut down travel time. It looks like the doubling will take more time to be completed,\" said S R Sri Ram, a member of the Kanyakumari Rail Users Association. The decision to upgrade Coimbatore Junction as an Adarsh station with state-of-the-art facilities has made people of the region happy. Residents of Coimbatore and neighbouring areas had been accusing the railway board of neglecting the station for long despite it being the second largest revenue earner Southern Railway.The decision to electrify the Coimbatore-Mettupalayam sector, plan to introduce new MEMU train linking Palakkad and Erode with Coimbatore, introduction of a train from Coimbatore to Bikaner via the Konkan region, extension of Palakkad-Mangalore inter-city train up to Coimbatore, extension of Coimbatore- Erode MEMU train up to Salem, daily running of Bangalore-Kochuveli Express via Coimbatore instead of weekly twice and introduction of Tirunelveli-Dadar express via Coimbatore have won wide appreciation of Coimbatore residents. The Tiruchirappalli division which has long been neglected by railways due lack of powerful political representation had some reason to be happy with two new trains being announced: The daily Tiruchirappalli-Tirunelveli Intercity Express running via Madurai, and the Mannargudi-Trichy-Manamadurai that would also run daily.The new surveys announced in the budget such as Dindigul - Bodi - Kumili, doubling from Madurai - Kanyakumari with electrification has come as an advantage for residents of Madurai region. Broad conversion works between Shengottai - Bhagavathipuram, Virudhunagar - Aruppukottai and Palani - Pollachi were also welcomed by people in the southern districts. As part of its green initiatives, railways has decided to set up two bio-diesel plants at Tondiarpet, a 'rail neer' drinking water bottling plant at Palur, and a wind mill power plant of 72 MW capacity.Times ViewThe budget announcement of 13 new trains for Tamil Nadu and 18 more for Chennai's suburban services should bring a smile to the average commuter's face. But more trains can ensure better services only if the complementary facilities are upgraded. More railway lines, as discussed in detail in TOI reports today, have to be converted, doubled and extended to allow more trains to pass through, carrying more passengers in less time. Coimbatore has reasons to be happy with the plan to convert the station into a state-of-the-art junction. There is also a proposal to study the feasibility of converting Royapuram into a terminal. South Chennai needs a terminal in Tambaram. This has been approved in principle, but not much has happened on the ground. Train travel is not just the experience inside a bogey; the transit, ticketing, waiting, boarding and alighting all count. This budget may promise a happy chugging on the rails, but we still have miles to go to get there.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12269114", "title": "Rail Budget: Steel companies to gain from new tracks", "text": "The introduction of new trains, new railway stations, new tracks and gauge conversion in the railway budget proposal are all being seen as critical ingredients for increasing steel consumption in the country and will give a boost to steel companies, especially state-owned SAIL and Jindal Steel and Power Limited.The railway minister Dinesh Trivedi said the government plans to modernise 19,000 km of railway tracks, which cater to 80% of traffic. The railways plan to spend Rs 63,212 crore on track modernisation in next 5 years.\"SAIL &amp; railways have been partners in progress for several decades, and this relationship would be strengthened in the coming years in view of the massive modernization &amp; expansion plan of the Indian Railways, as announced by the railways minister,\" said SAIL chairman C S Verma adding that the rail budget outlines an encouraging scenario for the short and mid-term. Railway investment during the 12th plan is proposed to be Rs 7.35 lakh crore, almost four times the previous plan.In the private sector, Jindal Steel and Power is seen as the biggest beneficiary of the rail budget because of its capability of making 121 metre long track rails, the longest in the world. \"JSPL is dedicated to transform the dream of operating high-speed trains into a reality,\" the JSPL website said.However, shares of all listed steel firms ended in the red on Wednesday after the rail budget. Shares of SAIL and JSW Steel ended marginally down at Rs 100 and Rs 783, while shares of Tata Steel and JSPL were down 1% to Rs 462 and 604 respectively.\"The market was not able to connect with the rail budget directly in terms of funds allocation of the products and the company's manufacturing them,\" said investment advisor S P Tulsian, adding that any plan to put up new railway lines could boost steel companies like JSPL. Over the past one week, shares of JSPL rose 12% in anticipation.The Indian Railway system, the second largest in the world, is the lifeline of the nation's economy and a vital infrastructure sector.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12270194", "title": "Teacher held for Patuli murder", "text": "KOLKATA: A 50-year-old teacher was arrested on Wednesday for the murder of Sarmistha Lahiri at her Patuli residence on March 6. The accused, Ranjan Basu Roy, was the victim's private tutor. Police said that the victim confessed to his crime during investigation.Ranjan is a resident of Moore Avenue and runs a coaching centre on Lake Road. Probe revealed that the accused reportedly had an extra-marital affair with Sarmistha, who was not married, and used to visit her flat frequently.Ranjan admitted that he visited Sarmistha's flat on the evening of March 6 and an altercation broke out between them. \"Basu Roy was angry at the victim because he suspected her of having an affair with others. Out of anger, he strangled the victim and left the flat once she fell unconscious. He left the place late at night,\" said an investigator.Sarmistha, a private bank employee, used to stay alone at a rented flat on Pranabanda Sarani of Patuli, on the south eastern fringes of the city.On March 7, she was supposed to go to her mother's place for lunch. But when she did not turn by 3pm, her mother called her up. The victim's mother then visited Sarmistha's flat when her calls went unanswered and found her lying dead.While no marks of external injury were found on her body, post-mortem report revealed that the woman was strangulated. During investigation, police found two glasses in the room, one filled with liquor and the other empty. \"The glasses were circumstantial evidence which hinted that some one close to the woman was present there and we started to find the person's role behind the murder,\" said an investigator.The autopsy report confirmed that the 39-year-old woman was murdered nearly 12 hours before the body was found, that is some time on the night of March 6. The report also suggested that the woman had sex before the murder as traces of semen were found in her body. Police were, hence, sure that the assailant was a man. Accordingly, they started looking for people who frequented the victim's flat and zeroed in on Ranjan.A 50-year-old teacher has been arrested for killing 39-year-old Sarmishtha Lahiri at her Patuli residence.Lahiri used to stay alone at a rented flat on Pranabanda Sarani of Patuli in the south eastern fringes of the city. On March 7,evening she was found dead.Police said that Lahiri was an employee of a private bank and for past one and half year she had been staying at the flat. Her widow mother stays at Tinkari Ghosh lane of Rashbehari area of south Kolkata.On Wednesday Lahiri was supposed to go to her mother's place in the afternoon for lunch. But till 3 pm she did not turn up. When victim's mother called her up, Lahiri's cell phone continued ringing but none responded. Her mother informed victim's one of the close friend and both went to her flat.They found the main door of victim's fourth floor flat ajar and after entering inside Lahiri was found lying un conscious on the bed. Apparently no external marks of injury was found but after post mortem police from Patuli police station confirmed that the woman was murdered. \" Manual strangulation marks were found on her neck,\" said an investigator.During probe police found two glasses in the room, one full of liquor and another was empty. \"The glasses were circumstantial evidence that some one close to the woman was present there and we started to find the person's role behind the murder,\" said an investigator.Meanwhile post mortem report also confirmed that more than 12 hours before the recovery of the body, the woman died which suggest that Lahiri was killed some time on March 6 night she was killed. And also the autopsy report suggested that the woman had sex just before her murder as semen was found on her body. The forensic report hinted that the assailant definitely was a man.Accordingly police started looking for the people who used to frequent at victim's flat and finally cops zeroed in on Ranjan Basu Roy, a resident of Moore Avenue in south Kolkata. Basu Roy runs a coaching center at Lake Road.Probe revealed that Ranjan was the private tutor of the victim and her close friend Sudipta. Laterv an affair had grown up between Basu Roy and the victim, though the teacher was married. Other residents of the flat also confirmed that Basu Roy used to frequent at the flat and police picked him up for interrogation. During grilling, the teacher confessed that on March 6 evening he went to victim's flat and after spending some hours an altercation broke out between. \" Basu Roy was angry on the victim as he had suspicion that the victim had relationship with other persons,\" said an investigator. Over that following the altercation Basu Roy strangled her and when she turned unconscious, Basy Roy left the flat late at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12270526", "title": "Rail budget utterly disappointing, says Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Calling the railway budget presented in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday \"utterly disappointing\", Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has said railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has given the nation a box which is \"fully empty\".Himself a former railway minister, Kumar said Trivedi made talks only in future tense and not in present tense during his 110-minute speech. \"He spoke a lot, but had nothing concrete to say,\" Kumar said.The CM was specifically upset over the neglect of pending railway projects in Bihar. \"This is sheer injustice and discrimination against the state,\" he said and added what should cause more concern to the country was the fact that the railway ministry was going slow on all its projects across the country.The railway minister has given least attention to safety measures even as the number of accidents has been going up in recent years, Kumar said and added the \"budget in annexure\" (in an obvious reference to Trivedi's oft-repeated reference to annexure in the budget) offered nothing for railway users. \"Freight rates are increased many times in a year. Yet, the fares have been increased in an 'apologetic' manner,\" he said.According to deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, the railway budget has upset the common people. \"Trivedi has applied brakes on all the pending railway projects,\" the BJP leader said and added his party would appeal to the MPs to press for a rollback of increased fares.Leader of Opposition in state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui was also critical of the \"anti-Bihar\" railway budget. \"If we compare this budget with those presented by Lalu Prasad, it is very disappointing,\" the RJD leader said and regretted most of the projects launched during the tenure of Lalu as railway minister were yet to kick off and no budgetary allocations had been made for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270919", "title": "NID to solve railways' design problems", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It has earlier carried out design projects for the Mumbai suburban train service and Mumbai Monorail. Now, the country's premier design school is all set to transform the look and feel of Indian railways. The Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday announced a railway design centre at the National Institute of Design (NID), with an initial fund of Rs 10 crore.Trivedi, who visited the NID campus in December last year, said in his budget speech, \"I had occasion to visit this Institute with a view to harnessing their expertise in design so as to leverage it for bringing out design related improvisations in the facilities available to passengers and other rail users. A dedicated Railway Design Centre is proposed to be set up in the NID campus with an endowment fund of Rs10 crore to be utilized for developing concepts in various areas such as station architecture, coach layouts, luggage storage in coaches, toilets, ticketing kiosks and online services, freight service systems etc.\"NID's idea for the centre is to resolve all design issues related to railways, which is one of the world's largest public sector employer.Talking to TOI, NID director Pradyumna Vyas said, \"We had proposed about setting up the lab to the minister during his last visit. We have a lot of hypothetical design projects based on Indian railways that were carried out by students.\"\"The centre will now accelerate such activities to create designs related to railways ranging from signages to staff uniform to interiors of compartments, furniture at platforms and berths as well as providing better services to passengers in terms of reservation and comfort,\" Vyas said.Vyas added that it will encourage students of various disciplines like product design, graphics design, textiles, transportation and automobile design to take up hypothetical projects related to Indian Railways. The best of these projects will be presented to railways officials.\"All disciples at NID will work for the centre where research projects for finding design solutions for Indian railways will be undertaken,\" said Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12270246", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi dumps populism for healthier railways", "text": "KOLKATA: Dinesh Trivedi's budget on Wednesday shook off Mamata Banerjee's legacy of populism and a Bengal-centric vision to chalk out a recovery path for the ailing Indian Railways.Unlike Mamata's \"political\" budget speeches, there was no mention of the Singur and Nandigram struggles or non-feasible projects like a museum dedicated to Rabindranath Tagore outside Howrah station. Trivedi didn't use the budget to carve out an alternative growth path for Bengal, like Mamata did on February 25, 2011, before the historic assembly elections and went full throttle to woo voters.Instead, Trivedi's crisp and frills-free presentation was business-like, interspersed with couplets that evoked laughter and table-thumping from benches on both sides. His speech never lost sight of the fact that he was in charge of a ministry that was, as he chose to describe it, in the \"intensive care unit\" and needed immediate attention. For the Trinamool Congress MP from Barrackpore, it was a choice between complex politics and simple economics. He chose the latter. And in doing so, he was in sync with the expert committees headed by Anil Kakodkar and Sam Pitroda that had recommended cash infusion and modernization of railway infrastructure.\"Given the serious constraint of funds even to meet day-to-day operational expenditures, I have the Himalayan task of running the Indian Railways safely,\" he said. \"I had two very clear yet contrasting options - either to keep the railways in status quo mode with just incremental annual changes or, as the phrase goes, bite the bullet. The second option would involve going for a generational change with focus on safety and inclusive growth to meet the aspirations of this great country in the next decade. I chose the generational change,\" he said.The remarks, made early on in his speech, set the tone for a budget that would focus on improving passenger safety and amenities and the financial health of the railways and quickly dispelled notions that the Trivedi's budget would simply be an extension of the Trinamool chief's vision.With populism in mind more than feasibility, Mamata had announced rail links to places like Nandigram and Furfura Sharief in the Hooghly district. She had also announced that those who would give land for these projects would get railway jobs and compensation. Today, the railways is facing a major crisis with thousands of people demanding jobs. In Bengal, acquisition of land, even for crucial railway projects, has become a problem after an announcement by Mamata as railway minister that no land would be acquired forcibly.Trivedi, on the contrary, made no such announcements. He went ahead with the proposal for a coach terminal in Dankuni, but said he wanted to use space around major stations like Howrah and Sealdah to earn revenue. The coach terminal was proposed in the 2011-12 budget but little was done towards developing Dankuni into a major passenger terminal, though experts thought it was an ideal location. Trivedi has also proposed a coaching terminal in Naihati, to be named after Rishi Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay. Naihati is Chattopadhyay's birthplace and the country will celebrate his 175th birth anniversary in 2013. The minister has also proposed a museum on Bankim at Naihati and a special train that will run across the country to spread his message.Trivedi also announced that work on Metro projects in Kolkata were progressing satisfactorily. He said the first leg of the Joka-Tollygunge Metro link would be taken up soon. Work on the Metro corridor from Barrackpore to Kalyani is also set to begin. Extension of the Circular Railway network from Remount Road to Santoshpur via Garden Reach, Metiabruz has also been taken up, the minister announced. The pink paper indicated the minister had backed his announcements with adequate funds support.During her tenure, Mamata had announced a coach factory at Kanchrapara in the public-private-partnership mode. Trivedi made it clear that the railways' efforts in PPP projects had not been successful and existing marketing schemes would be reviewed to give them greater business focus. The minister's move indicated his party chief had put the horse before the cart while announcing PPP projects. Trivedi proposed a new post on the Railway Board -a member, marketing/PPP - to take care of such projects.Trivedi also announced plans for a factory at Shyamnagar, North 24-Parganas, in PPP mode for manufacture of next generation technology propulsion system for use in high power electric locomotive. The electric loco ancillary unit of Chittaranjan Locomotive Works at Dankuni will also assemble 3-phase 9,000 Horse Power locomotives under transfer of technology from Japan, the minister said. The wagon factory at Kulti and flat bogey frame unit at Budge Budge will start production in 2012-13, he added.One of the most important projects announced by Trivedi - but proposed by Mamata - was one that will reopen the route from Kolkata to Tripura via Bangladesh. This will bring down travel time and distance between Kolkata and the northeast significantly. In an attempt to harness green energy, the railways is also considering the setting up of a 72 MW windmill plant in a wind rich part of Bengal.Given the rise in the number of commuters, Dinesh Trivedi has proposed the introduction of 50 new Metro services in Kolkata and 44 suburban services under the Eastern and South Eastern Railways.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12270932", "title": "Anna postpones protest to March 25", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna on Wednesday accused Congress of \"sabotaging'' the Jan Lokpal bill even as it prepared for a protest dharna for a strong whistleblower's act. The dharna scheduled for Sunday has been postponed by a week to March 25. The activists have invited families of those who have either died or been victimized for speaking against corruption and the postponement was done to ensure maximum participation.The family of IPS officer Narender Kumar, who was allegedly killed by the mining mafia in Madhya Pradesh last week, is also expected to attend the protest . \"The country knows that Congress sabotaged the Jan Lokpal Bill. If the Jan Lokpal would have been implemented, justice would not have remained elusive,\" Team Anna said as Hazare prepared to sit on a hunger strike demanding justice for slain Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271171", "title": "New trains to connect various pilgrimage destinations", "text": "JAIPUR: With the announcement of 20 new trains in the state, the people of the state have got an opportunity for pilgrimage to various places like Ajmer Sharif, Haridwar, Puskhar, Shirdi, Golden Temple, Khatu Shyamji &amp; Salasar and Dwarkadhish which were earlier difficult due to lack of connectivity.The railway minister has announced a new train between Ajmer and Haridwar, to connect the two pilgrim cities. \"Those who come to Ajmer will also have the opportunity to visit Pushkar since Ajmer - Pushkar route is connected by rail now. I think it would serve the purpose of pilgrimage,\" said a travel agent.Another new train, Okha-Jaipur, will connect Pink City with the pilgrimage town of Dwarkadhish in Gujarat. The train is welcomed by tour operators and senior citizens who were earlier facing problems to visiting the Gujarat town.\"It is a good opportunity as it would pass through Dwarkadhish,\" said a 55-year-old gemstone businessman, Ketan Agarwal.Since Rajasthan has ample number of people from the Sikh community, the railway minister has also extended Jaipur-Amritsar train to Ajmer and thus connected Ajmer with Golden Temple. For those aiming to visit Mathura and Vrindavan, the Mathura-Bandikui train has been extended to Jaipur.Meanwhile, the railway minister has sanctioned survey work for pilgrim towns Salasar Balaji and Khatu Shyamji.\"The new survey lines to be taken up for 2012-13 include Neem Ka Thana to Sujangarh via Sikar and Salasar and also Deedwana to Ringus via Khatu Shyamji. These lines, if materlialise, will be a boost for people from Delhi and other parts of the country who wish to visit Khatu Shyamji as presently they have to get a train to Ringus and take a road journey from there,\" said an NWR official.Since Sriganganagar district is mainly dominated by the Sikh community, the rail minister has given them a train -- Srigangangar- Huzur Sahib, Nanded which will enable them to visit their famous Gurudwara Huzur Sahib.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12270589", "title": "Prahar calls off agitation in wake of moral code of conduct", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Prahar organization suspended its ongoing agitation for allocation of medical college with the spread of moral code of conduct for election of Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC). The organization argued that as government cannot take any decision regarding the medical college and other demands during existence of code of conduct; there is no point in pressurizing it through agitation.Prahar organization had launched intense agitations since January with the support of local unit of IMA and other social organizations to press the demand of allocation of medical college. It staged protest rallies, symbolic bhoomi pujan of medical college and had called Chandrapur bandh twice during two months to press the demand. The organization had under taken a monthlong chain hunger strike at Jatpura gate since beginning of this month too. However election commission announced the elections for CMC on April 15 and imposed moral code of conduct from Wednesday.\"After discussions among the leaders of organizations supporting the agitation, it was decided that there is no point in continuing the agitation while moral code of conduct is in existence. Government cannot make any decision over medical college during this period. Therefore the chain hunger strike underway at Jatpura gate was called off on Tuesday evening. The agitation would be relaunched after CMC elections are over,\" said district president, Prahar, Pradeep DeshmukhHe added, \"Ganesh Morey and his wife Ruchita Morey approached the agitation place on Tuesday and handed over affidavits declaring that they are ready to donate their bodies posthumously to medical college if it is established in Chandrapur,\" Deshmukh said. Meanwhile activists of the organization carried out blood donation at Jatpura gate before calling off their chain hunger strike. Over 10 activists wrote a letter to chief minister Priviraj Chavan with their blood, seeking allocation of medical college and annulment of load shedding in Chandrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12271079", "title": "Panther kills 5-yr-old girl near Taragarh forest", "text": "AJMER: A five-year-old girl was killed by a panther in the Makla Choda village of Jwaja block here on Tuesday night. Officials of the forest department on Wednesday tried to trace the panther.Malka Choda is a village adjoining the Taragarh forest.According to police, Suman (5), daughter of Rajendra Singh Rawat, was sitting in the courtyard of her house around 10pm when the animal came and took her away to the outskirts of the village. \"Later, we found the body of the girl in the bushes,\" said one of the villagers. There were wounds on her neck and the body looked as if it had been drained of all blood, he added.The villagers, armed with sticks, tried to locate the beast. \"They informed us and we sent the staff to find out the reality,\" said Rakesh Sharma , range officer of the department. He further said that earlier in the day they had also found footprints of panther in the surrounding region.The department has deployed additional force as \"there are chances that the panther will return in the residential area as it has become a man eater,\" forest officials said. In the last one year, there have been nearly a dozen attacks by panthers here, who carry away the cattle from the villages but this is the first time when a panther has killed a human. \"They come for hunting and mostly take away the cattle from the adjoining regions,\" said villagers.The presence of a man eater in the region has also raised an alarm in the nearby villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12269294", "title": "Industry bodies seek uniform tax system", "text": "NASHIK: Industry bodies in Nashik have sought a uniform and simplified tax system.\"Though the budget is announced once a year, the changes are made throughout the year and the schemes announced are replaced with new ones. Hence, it is necessary to bring into effect long-term schemes. Future direction can be decided if long-term schemes are announced. The goods and services tax (GST) should be brought into effect at the earliest and outdated taxes abolished while introducing it,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association(NIMA). He said the need for uniformity in taxes across the country was due to various structures existing in different states.Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association president Dnyaneshwar Gopale said not only the tax system should be made uniform but also it must be simplified. \"The government is introducing GST, but all local taxes like octroi should be excluded from it,\" he said.Gopale also wanted the banks to reduce rates and make it more stable. \"The continuous fluctuations in interest rates affect the business of exporters,\" Gopale said.Meanwhile, Bele alleged that though the government gives incentives, subsidies and concessions to exporters and industries and makes a policy, but it is not implemented. \"The schemes and incentives that the government announces must be implemented and that would boost exports,\" he said.Giving another instance of a government announcement and non-implementation of the policy,Bele said the government had announced the land acquisition policy but did not implement it. \"Better infrastructure facilities are needed for the growth of industrial areas and Nashik city. Besides, revisions are also needed in the labour laws,\" he said.Gopale said the government must also set up district-level research centres, particularly for agriculture and engineering industries. \"The government should also promote small and medium enterprises (SMEs) across the country by making land available to them at low rates. Some special land policy should be chalked out for the SME industry,\" he said.Gopale also wanted the government to take initiative to promote solar and atomic energy to meet the shortfall of power for the industries.The demandsImplement GST at the earliest, abolish outdated taxesNeed for uniform taxes across the country due to various structures existing in different statesSimplify tax structure; banks must cut interest rates, keep them stableSchemes, incentives to boost exports must be implementedEnsure better infrastructure facilities for growth of industriesNeed revision of labour lawsSet up district-level research centres, make land available to SMES at low rates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12269739", "title": "Rail Budget: Bollywood makes tracks", "text": "The drama and suspense that followed Dinesh Trivedi's speech was worthy of a cliffhanger. That was fitting, because many memorable scenes and songs have been shot on trains, as is evident from this list of 12 memorable sequences which figured in movies made after the turn of the millennium.GADDAR: EK PREM KATHA, 2001: A platoon of Pakistani soldiers chases Sunny Deol who's on a train hurtling towards the border. Everybody knows it's an unequal contest! After the mandatory breaking of bones, Deol triumphs.DEVDAS, 2002: The hero meets an old friend on a midnight train. Once they were drinking buddies, but now doctors have warned him, even a drop is poison. But how can you refuse a dear pal? Especially when the bottle helps you forget an unforgettable love and when you are consumed by a death wish. Shah Rukh drinks up, and hurtles towards his tryst with doom.SEHAR, 2005: In a near empty passenger train, the CEOs of the eastern UP kidnapping industry are locked in a desperate fight to the finish with an upright cop and his team. Barring an aging professor, everyone dies. Sometimes life is all about survival of the meekest.PARINEETA, 2005: The toy train snakes through the gorgeous mountainside. Lost in love, Saif Ali Khan croons the folksy hill track, Yeh hawayen gungunaye, pooche tu hai kahan, for debutante Vidya Balan. Old-timers, though, would insist that mom Sharmila sitting in the same train - being serenaded by Rajesh Khanna singing Mere sapno ki rani in Aradhana - was much more watchable.DHOOM 2, 2006: Train robbery went out of fashion in Bollywood. But in this spectacular exception, master professional thief 'A' (Hrithik Roshan) steals diamonds and hearts with equal ease as he paraglides into a train and rides off with the Queen's crown in the Namibian desert.JAB WE MET, 2007: A firecracker behenji from Bathinda running away from home and a Mumbai business baron at life's loose end meet on a train - who can stop them from falling in love? Especially after the girl chases the boy in a deserted railway station at midnight.GHAJINI, 2008: Spunky Asin is travelling on a train to Mumbai when she discovers 25 kids being trafficked to Mumbai. Her intervention gets them rescued. But the incident entangles her with the brutal Ghajini, who kills her, sending Aamir into revenge mode.SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE, 2008: Trains are the most happening place in Danny Boyle's Oscar-winning flick. Lovers get separated, shoot-outs occur and food is stolen from rooftops. Even the overrated track, Jai ho, was lensed in a railway station.DELHI 6, 2009: Sonam Kapoor overdoes the cool Old Delhi girl bit as she walks out of the Delhi Metro singing and jiving oblivious to the environment.BODYGUARD, 2011: Trains are avenues of romance; they are also vehicles of confusion. Here Salman Khan unknowingly picks up the wrong girl, who has come to explain to him why the heroine couldn't make the tryst, but succumbs to her baser instincts instead. She subsequently dies and confesses everything in a diary. Which Salman reads in, where else, but a train, in which Kareena Kapoor - his real love - is also travelling.RA.ONE, 2011: Like a monkey man, as the bewildered schoolteacher calls him - G.One (Shah Rukh Khan) leaps from one compartment to another, drawing gasps from commuters as he tries to stop a runaway train. He succeeds eventually, granting jeevan to all - but only after CST is purportedly devastated .PLAYERS, 2012: Using imagination &amp; illusion, six tech-savvy crooks pull off an audacious gold heist from a parallel train in bleak, snowy Russia. Unfortunately, the box-office wasn't impressed.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12269992", "title": "Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs building to be inaguerated by PM in April", "text": "GURGAON: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is scheduled to visit Gurgaon on April 13 to inaugurate the newly constructed building of Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA) at IMT Manesar.Director general and chief executive officer of IICA, Bhaskar Chatterjee, said besides the PM, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , several Union ministers, additional secretary in Corporate Affairs ministry Sudhir Mittal, deputy commissioner PC Meena will be among the participants attending the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12270428", "title": "Federation Cup: Kerala teams start on a high", "text": "KOCHI: Making most of the home advantage, cagers from Kerala both in the men and women sections started their Federation Cup campaign on a high here at the Regional Sports Centre in Kadavanthara, on Wednesday.While Kerala men's team Customs and Central Excise, Kochi took time to settle into their groove to outclass the challenge of Hyderabad 78-47and Kerala women defeated Tamil Nadu 47-31. A 13-0 run at the end of third quarter in the men's section inaugural game proved enough for Customs and Central Excise, to win their opening game against a fighting Hyderabad side that made an attempt to match the pace of the home team in the initial half. After an exciting first half that Kerala led marginally 26-25, skipper of the home team Manoj R came out blazing all guns after the lemon break-firing three of his five three-pointers-to guide his team to safety at the end of the third quarter. Manoj scored 15 of his game-high 24 points in the third quarter that Kerala dominated 38-14. The home team later slowed down the pace of the game, even grabbed the last period 14-8 to post a comfortable 31-point victory. Apart from the heroics of Manoj, Monish Wilson (18), Shinumon Augustine (15) and Subhash Shenoy (10) did well for the winners.Earlier in the women's section, Kerala displayed a game of speed with some fine under-the-net passes to get the better of Tamil Nadu 47-31. After a low scoring first quarter that Kerala won 7-6, the home team, donning white outfits, closed the second quarter with a powerful 25-13 run to take a handy 12-point lead at the breather. The change of ends, however, brought a change in fortune for Tamil Nadu. Kerala cagers failed to show any composure in the third quarter while the visitors went on to dominate the proceedings and to bring down the lead to a mere two points at the end. In the last quarter Kerala's youth international star Jeena PS showed as much craftiness in setting up the plays as in scoring and gelled well with point guard Seena Joseph as the duo put the home team in control at the end. Jeena scored eight of her 16 game-high points in the last quarter while Seena added six of her eight points in the last period as Kerala opened their account with a 16-point victory.Earlier, Punjab Police, Jallandhar, men making most of the experience of their current international players Jagdeep Singh and Amritpal Singh outplayed Bhilai Steel Plant, Chhattisgarh, 66-43. Explaining the game Punjab coach Gurukripal Dhillon, who is a first-time coach, said, \"As this was our first game in the tournament, we took time to settle into our groove and once we did we finished off the game in style.\"ResultsMen: Punjab Police (Jagdeep Singh 16, Amritpal Singh 14) bt Bhilai Steel Plant Chhattisgarh (A Panigrahi 15) 66-43 (12-16, 21-7, 20-10, 13-10); IOB, Chennai (Vineeth Revi Mathew 11, Pratham Singh 10) bt Western Railways, Mumbai (Sunil Kumar 16, Prakash Mishra 12) 73-36 (20-13, 19-7, 16-8, 18-8); Customs &amp; Central Excise, Kochi (Manoj R 24, Monish Wilson 18) bt Hyderabad (Jalil 12) 78-47 (14-10, 12-15, 38-14, 14-8); ONGC, Dehradun (Vishesh Briguvanshi 18, Trideep Rai 15) bt Air Force, Delhi (Narender Grewal 19, Joginder Singh 13) 73-51 (15-16, 27-7, 17-14, 14-14)Women: Delhi (Asha Hegde 15, Prashanti Singh 12) bt Andhra Pradesh (GS Shravanthi 12) 63-36 (21-9, 43-13, 10-14, 10-9); Kerala (PS Jeena 16, Seena Joseph 8) bt Tamil Nadu (V Sanseetha 10) 47-31 (7-6, 18-7, 3-13, 19-5); Chhattisgarh (Anju Lakra 29, Kavitha 10) bt Madhya Pradesh 76-32 (19-14, 21-7, 21-3, 15-8).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12276987", "title": "MANIT no-go area for bikes from next session", "text": "BHOPAL: Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) will turn into a 24x7 bike-free zone from the next academic session. With this, the institute will be the first in the city to ban bikes on its campus, but with a rider. Teaching and non-teaching staff can ride bikes on the premises. Students will not be allowed to keep motorbikes in hostels.Confirming the decision, MANIT director Dr Appu Kuttan said the institute would be a bike-free zone from next academic session. \"The objective behind the decision is to make the MANIT campus accident-free,\" Dr Kuttan said. Asked about the alternative facility for students, Kuttan said, \"We will ply a bus from hostel to classes for students.\" MANIT will buy a bus to ferry students, he said.Currently, there are almost 4,000 students studying in different engineering streams of the institute. According to MANIT authorities, almost 60 per cent students ride motorbikes in the campus.According to the college authorities, some accidents in 2011 also forced them to make the campus bike-free zone. Earlier, authorities constructed speed breakers to avoid accidents. However, it also did not yield result. A student also lost his life after an accident in the campus.Dr Kuttan also said that his decision would also minimise the pollution in the campus as almost more than 2,000 bikes were being plied in the campus. \"The regular movement of two-wheelers by the students went up manifold in the last couple of years which was creating variety of problems in the campus,\" Dr Kuttan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12269806", "title": "Cheers to hike, boos for TMC", "text": "KOLKATA: The city on Wednesday welcomed the marginal hike in railway passenger fares and lambasted the Trinamool Congress bosses for choosing to oppose it.It was ridiculous to keep fares unchanged since everything else has turned costlier, forcing the railways to compromise on safety measures and defer modernisation plans, felt Kolkatans. They also lashed out at successive railway ministers for 'adopting populist stances' which has not helped the railways.\"Services have deteriorated and the downslide could only be checked by generating more revenue. A fare hike is long overdue and it has got to be the first step,\" said Ranji Koshi, a third-year student of St Xavier's College. Koshi added that passengers now prefer to travel by air even though it is costlier. \"Just look at the ill-maintained stations and the stinking toilets. Till recently, it would be a pleasure to travel by rail, but no longer. Security is another issue that needs to be looked into. Trains have been running late as well. They call the railways a mini India. They ought to take better care of it,\" said Koshi.School teacher Sharmila Majumdar argued that if people can buy vegetables at Rs 100 a kg, they can surely afford to pay a little more for railway tickets. \"This outcry against the hike is unjustified. Daily expenses have gone up manifold. What's wrong with paying more for a train ticket if it can provide us a with better and safer journey. So far as Mamata Banerjee's reaction is concerned, it doesn't really affect the common people,\" she said.The railways was under tremendous pressure to raise passenger fares which have not been revised for 10 years, felt economist Ajitabha Roy Chaudhuri. \"It had become a norm to raise freight charges, keep passenger fares unchanged and cross-subsidize. This couldn't have gone on forever, especially at a time when Bengal is expecting a financial package from the Centre,\" he said.The Centre expected the railway minister to hike fares, even if nominally, Roy Chaudhuri said. \"It would lessen the need for general budgetary support for the railways to an extent. If the state expects aid from the centre, it has to let its minister accede to their demands as well. So far as Trinamool's decision to oppose the fare hike is concerned, I guess they are doing it more out of an urge to keep it on record that they are not deviating from their stated principle of not effecting a hike,\" he said.A second class AC compartment was now almost like a general compartment, said banker Shyamal Das. \"I returned from Puri this morning in an AC II compartment. It's quite apparent that the railways is reeling under a funds crunch. I expected Mamata Banerjee to oppose the hike, for that has been her general stand. She is more interested in maintaining her populist image than anything else,\" Das said.Without a hike, the railways would have cracked, felt Supriti Dasgupta, who runs an advertising agency. \"Even if Mamata Banerjee opposes the hike, common people are going to welcome it. The populist budgets might have pleased a section of the people, but they have left the intelligent consumers shocked and unhappy. I fervently hope that the excess revenue generated will now be used to augment facilities and security and it will be a pleasure to be back on the train,\" she said.Tolly Club CEO AR Mukherjee agreed. \"You can't keep fares stagnant for eight years. If you do, you will invariably be compromising with infrastructure and services. Security is also very important since we have seen a spurt in dacoity cases and accidents. These show that the railways need funds. As the leader of her party, Mamata Banerjee should have been privy to the fare hike decision. Her reaction leaves me confused. This could even be a political game which we are not being able to decipher,\" Mukherjee said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269651", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi: I have pulled railways out of ICU", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unmoved by the vehement opposition from his own party, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi stood by the passenger fare hike, saying he had pulled the state transporter out of \"Intensive Care Unit\" and it would have been difficult to pay staff salaries if such measures were not taken.The minister, however, distanced Trinamool Congress boss Mamata Banerjee from the \"unpopular\" decision, saying the party leadership was not aware of it. \"The party at leadership level was not aware of it. I did it with full responsibility. It was my conscious decision in the best interests of the railways,\" Trivedi said.\"It is a very big misconception that the railways is run from Writers' Building (headquarters of West Bengal government). She (Banerjee) did not know anything at all and there was no interference by her in any aspect of the budget,\" he added.On Banerjee's remarks against the hike, Trivedi said she had only spoken as chief minister of a state about projects relating to Bengal, like any other chief minister.He refused to comment when asked whether he would quit as railway minister as his party was demanding a rollback of the fare hike. However, he said, \"Political parties have a right to their philosophy. There is nothing wrong in it.\"Trivedi parried a question whether he agreed with his party's policies, saying, \"I don't want to get into politics. This press conference is only about the railway budget.\"Asked whether the hike was \"necessary\", he said \"you also know whether it is necessary\" and said that without raising resources, no modernization or safety or other works could be carried out.The minister said that if the decision was not taken, railways would have gone the Air India way. \"I have done my duty. Today, I am worried about safety,\" he said, adding that parliamentary committees and employees' federations had demanded a fare hike.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12270135", "title": "SP members thrash dalits in Dadri", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With just a day to go before the Samajwadi Party government is sworn in, lawlessness in the state has started to show. A few SP workers allegedly thrashed dalits in Ramgarh area in Dadri on Wednesday over a petty issue. The groups had earlier clashed over a land dispute. The police have registered a case with Dadri police station under various sections of the IPC.DIG Jyoti Narayan said that the incident took place on Wednesday. \"There were some old disputes between the groups. A team of senior police officials, headed by SP (rural), arrested a few of the accused while others are absconding,\" Narayan said.An argument had started between four persons over buying a T-shirt.Local residents said that after the incident, the Ramgarh village head and his family members and supporters brutally thrashed the dalit group in which at least 20 people were injured, six of them critically.SP (rural) Sriparna Ganguly said some villagers are claiming that the clash was result of an old fight between SP and BSP members, but their claims are being verified. \"Around five months ago, a case under the SC/ST Act was registered against one of the SP members,\" Ganguly added.\"Medical examination of 19 persons has already been conducted and the police are registering their statements to carry out further investigation in the matter,\" Ganguly said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12269940", "title": "A punch for tipplers in Punjab on Day 1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The next Patiala peg that Bacchus lovers gulp down may burn a hole in their pocket as the newly sworn in SAD-BJP government has, on the first day of coming to power again, hiked rates of India- made foreign liquor by Rs 10 to Rs 20 per bottle. However, beer drinkers can take heart. The liquor vendor cannot rip you off as the government has now fixed maximum retail price for light and strong beer at Rs 70 and Rs 75 per bottle.Till now, only minimum retail price of beer was fixed in Punjab -- Rs 50 for light and Rs 55 for strong beer. The liquor vendors were charging randomly from customers, leading to vast variation in rates of beer across Punjab. While strong beer was being sold for Rs 75 in Mohali, the same cost Rs 100 in Amritsar.Eyeing excise and taxation segments as a major revenue earner to bail out the cash-strapped state government, the SAD-BJP alliance has declared an increase of Rs 570 crore for the year 2012-13 over last year. Excise revenue will touch Rs 3,638.40 crore at the end of March 2013 against expected excise collections of Rs 3,068.40 crore for 2011-12.It is not just the buyer who will have to shell out more. The seller too will have to cough up more for the state government as the license fee on country liquor and IMFL has been increased by Rs 17 per bottle, effective Apirl 1 this year. Meanwhile, more liquor will flow in Punjab this year as the quota for the current year has been increased by approximately 5.5% over the last year.Session from MondayThe newly-constituted cabinet of Punjab government, during its first meeting on the day of swearing-in, besides clearing the excise policy, approved convening the maiden session of 14th Punjab Vidhan Sabha from March 19 to April 4, 2012. The tentative schedule of the budget session would include oath by MLAs, election of speaker and deputy speaker, governor's address, obituary references and discussion on governor's address. Supplementary grants for the year 2011-12 and vote of account for 2012-13 of the state government would be presented on March 28, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12274242", "title": "One dies, many hurt in E Singhbhum mishap", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: One person was killed and over 12 people were injured in a road mishap at Kakpur village under Kamalpur police station area, about 35 km from here, early on Wednesday.According to police, an overcrowded four-wheeler (JH05AF 1686) turned upside down after the driver lost control of the vehicle.\"The vehicle turned upside down when the driver was attempting to take a turn,\" said Kamalpur police station officer in-charge Kalika Ram.The four-wheeler was ferrying a marriage party, which was on its way to Rahedih in Patamda from Kakpur, when the accident took place.The deceased has been identified as Ajit Kumar Mahato (30). \"Mahato died on the spot while all the injured were rushed to the MGM hospital by local villagers,\" said Kamalpur police. The driver managed to run away and the vehicle has been seized, said police.\"The rear wheel of the vehicle burst when the driver was turning it at the Kakpur culvert,\" said 18-year-old Kirtivas, a passenger who is undergoing treatment at MGM hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12274418", "title": "XISS students felicitated", "text": "RANCHI: Second year students of the human resource management department of Xavier's Institute of Social Sciences (XISS) were felicitated on Wednesday for social work in their first year as part of field visit.The students visited six centres in and around the city to help and spend time with the backward, aged, physically and mentally challenged children of the society. The field visits include mingling with the residents of these centres, teaching them and celebrating various festivals with them. Achievement certificates were given to all the participants and the best performers of the year were given gold medals. The chief guest of the programme was L N Bhagat, the vice-chancellor of Ranchi University.He stressed on the concept of educational social responsibility, and said: \"Every educational institution should include the subject concerning community and social development in their curriculum.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268986", "title": "Three disabled doctors get high court's reprieve", "text": "MUMBAI: Three disabled doctors who were denied the chance for admissions to PG medical courses have got a reprieve from the Bombay High Court. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More, in an interim order, directed authorities to consider their case for admission to a PG course in (medicine) or in a non-surgical branch.\"(Their case would be considered) under physically handicapped category by considering (them) to be eligible for such reservation and on the basis of performance in the CET,\" said the judges.The petitions challenged the constitutional validity of the rules, which said that a candidate with more than 70% disability of the lower limbs cannot be considered to be eligible for admission. The lawyers for the petitioners said the MCI had erred in not considering that the medical courses can be divided into several categories. Dr Manoj Landge, Dr Rakesh Ukey and Dr Astha Ganeriwal were considered ineligible for admissions under this rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270944", "title": "High-flyers land at BAPS nirvana hub", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dharmesh Patel, an NRG had a flourishing career at a software firm in Houston with an annual remuneration of 1.2 lakh dollars. Before launching into his overseas career he had earned a gold medal for his high marks in a course on computer engineering at LD Engineering College.Manish Patel, a resident of Ahmedabad, is a doctor. He had completed his MBBS from Karamsad Medical College and had also scored 90 per cent in XII (Science). His monthly income was enough to turn anybody green with envy.Both Dharmesh and Manish have shunned their high-flying professional careers to search for the divine. The duo was among 68 youths who donned the saffron garb at a Diksha Samaroh in Bochasanwasi Akshar Purushottam Swaminarayan (BAPS) Sanstha in Sarangpur on Wednesday.Of those who became sadhus on Wednesday are 14 youths who had settled in US, England and Australia to pursue flourishing professional careers. Among the 68 there are three doctors, 17 engineers, 1 MBA and 1 pilot. There are seven who have BPharm degrees, two of them are teachers and three have masters degrees.Dharmesh says, \"I had worked for five years in Houston and earned a hefty pay packet. But, the real revelation for me was this one year's preparatory programme. I have experienced peace and tranquility in learning about my dharma and working for people.\"All the newly inducted sadhus are more than 21 years of age and they took up their new spiritual journey with permission from their parents.Brahmavihari Swami of BAPS says, \"Before joining the order they undertake a year's training in Sarangpur. After they become sadhus, they stay in the Sarangpur ashram for the first five years. They are taught philosophy, Sanskrit, Hindi, Gujarati and Shastra among other subjects. By the time they finish they are self-sufficient with knowledge on cooking food to handling administrative jobs.\"The transformation for Jayesh Chowksy, who used to run his own business in Pennsylvania, US, began in 2007 when he started attending satsang. He was motivated to join the order and soon left his job. He was then earning 1.5 lakh dollars per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274002", "title": "Prakash not in Spirit", "text": "Prakash Raj, who was gung-ho about acting in Renjith's Malayalam film Spirit, has now had to opt out from the project.The strike in Kollywood had affected the shooting schedule of many films and this had put the actor in a spot, as he will now have to complete those projects before working on those that he signed up for later. \"Many of my films were stuck because of the strike. But now that it is over, I had to priorities them over others,\" says Prakash, who is currently shooting for one of his Tamil films in Rajasthan. \"Renjith wanted to do work on Spirit at one stretch. It's unfair on my part to hold on to these movies anymore. There were serious date issues and it was best for me to opt out,\" reasons the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12270537", "title": "Three more held in Gulhar murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: City police have arrested three more persons in connection with the murder of property dealer Manjit Singh Gulhar alias Monty at Great Maratha hotel on Hingna Road on Monday. The number of the arrested accused in the case has now gone up to seven. Four persons were arrested on the day of the murder near Kelvad while they were trying to flee in a Nano car.However, the case has got murkier as investigations have revealed that none of the youths in the Nano had shot at Gulhar. The assailants who shot dead Gulhar, 32, had come in a Maruti car.Hours after the incident, Kelvad police arrested Ashish Kottulwar, Kartik Tewar, Rahul Dwivedi and Ashish Naidu while they were trying to dodge the cops in their Nano. On interrogating them, crime branch police nabbed Kapil Singh (22), Nitin Waghmare (31) and Suchindra Ramteke (26) on Tuesday night.Police said that youths arrested earlier were also part of the gang but were not carrying weapons. \"On the first day, they tried to misguide police but later spilled the beans. All seven arrested claimed that they have no idea about the girl who was with Gulhar and is still untraceable,\" said police.Investigators however seem convinced that the murder was a contract killing. The contract was given to a notorious goon and sharp shooter Manish Shriwas. However, the cops are still probing the reason behind the contract and the mastermind who gave the contract.\"We are probing the case in all angles. It might be over rivalry in the past due to property disputes or over love interest,\" said police. It was learnt that few months ago, Gulhar had eloped with a girl, but not the one who was with him on Monday.Shriwas had planned Gulhar's murder since a month and had kept a watch on him. \"Shriwas had actually planned the murder when Gulhar had gone to meet the girl near a shopping mall near Lokmat square. But since the gang members failed to arrive on time, their planned failed and they followed Gulhar until the hotel,\" said police.The seven youths arrested claimed that they have no idea either about the girl or who gave the murder contract. \"They stated that the girl was not in any car,\" said police.Shriwas had parked their car just behind Gulhar's bike outside the hotel. The moment Gulhar came out of the car and was about to open the handle lock, Shriwas came out of the car and started firing. Police said that though the other three had a local-made firearm, none of them fired a round. Shriwas alone fired all the four rounds, two at the porch and two near the reception. The other three just followed Shriwas inside the hotel.After the attack, Shriwas ordered the youths in the Nano to move to Madhya Pradesh and drove his car to Waki. \"He told Singh and others to dispose of their weapons in a well and assured them that he would be back in ten minutes. However, Shriwas didn't come back and they managed to reach city on Tuesday morning,\" said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12275365", "title": "Tamil Nadu fishing boat sunk allegedly by Lankan navalmen", "text": "RAMESWARAM: In yet another mid-sea attack, Sri Lankan naval personnel allegedly hurled petrol bombs at a group of fishing boats from here, sinking one of them and damaging 20 others near Katchatheevu in the Palk Strait, officials said on Thursday.The fishermen, who had put out to sea from here, came under the attack around midnight last night while they were fishing near Katchatheevu, fisheries department officials said.They said the Sri Lankan naval personnel hurled petrol bombs at two boats. One of the vessel owned by one Arumugam sank while another narrowly escaped. Four occupants of the sunk boat were rescued by the others and brought to the shore.Twenty other boats suffered damage when the Lankan Navalmen attacked them with a variety of missiles inlcuding bricks, rocks, they said.The incident comes close on the heels of the March 10 attack allegedly by Sri Lankan naval personnel in which 16 fishermen were injured.India then had asked its mission in Colombo to take up the issue of attack on the fishermen with the authorities in Sri Lanka.Condemning the latest attack, Rameswaram Fishermen Association president N Devadoss demanded that external affairs minister S M Krishna take up the issue with the United Nations and lodge a strong protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270979", "title": "Water woes not over for new west zone's commercial buildings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For almost six years commercial buildings in the newly acquired areas in the new west zone of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) have been denied water connections. These areas include Bodakdev, Thaltej, Vejalpur, Jodhpur gam, Ghatlodiya, Chandlodiya, Ranip and Kali. The issue had been in the backburner for long and has often led to brawls between the political and executive wings of the AMC. This time, some members of the standing committee are planning to take this issue up with the municipal commissioner.\"The new west zone happens to be the only area in the city where commercial buildings are denied water connections when applied through the normal procedures. It was a policy decision zonal officers had taken few years ago. But a permission from the municipal commissioner, zonal engineering division or the zonal officer can get one a water connection in a commercial building. This is duality in the municipal policy,\" says a senior member of the standing committee.When asked about the policy restriction on water connection for commercial buildings, additional city engineer B K Rathod says, \"Our present water storage facility cannot meet the burgeoning demand of the new west zone. AMC is augmenting the present water storage facility in every ward and adding new pumping stations. At present, we are drawing water from various borewells to meet domestic demand of the new west zone.\"As per the current plans AMC plans to augment storage facilities in six existing water sumps and build 13 new water pumping stations in the news zone, which is the largest of the six zones of the AMC. The project will augment the present water storage capacity by 90 lakh gallons.A recent CEPT University survey for AMC on water usage had pointed out that among income groups, individuals in families earning around Rs 30,000 and Rs 50,000 per month consume anywhere between 338 to 351.64 litres per individual against the official 173 litres per individual per day (LPID). The higher income groups form just 4.6% of the total population of the city. Most of the higher income groups in the west and new west zones of the city are more dependent on borewell water.It was also found that 60% of the lower income group consumes 135 -175 LPID water per day. More than 30% of the higher income group consumes more than 200 LPID water.Surprisingly, areas in the east and south zone, extract the most amount of borewell water at the rate of 175-192 LPID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12268842", "title": "Kalyan-bound local catches fire, services hit", "text": "MUMBAI: The motor coach of a Kalyan-bound fast local caught fire near Patripul in Kalyan on Wednesday evening. The fire was brought under control after a motorman of another train coming from the opposite direction saw smoke coming out of the coach. All passengers were safe.As the train stopped near Patripul and was stuck these for around two hours, other fast trains on the line were delayed by more than an hour. All fast trains to Kalyan were later shifted on to the slow line.The incident took place around 6.20pm when the fast local from Dadar was near Kalyan railway station. According to guard R Balakrishnan, \"We were about 1km away from Kalyan station when a train coming from the opposite direction signalled the motorman, Afroj Ahmed, about smoke rising from the train. Ahmed then stopped the train.\"Ahmed informed the central control room and Kalyan railway station officials. The motorman and the guard began dousing the fire using fire extinguishers. The fire brigade took around 30 minutes to reach the spot and the fire was extinguished in the next 15 minutes.After the fire was doused, around 8.15pm, the train was taken to the Kurla carshed.A K Singh, PRO, CR, said, \" Heavy smoke was detected on the train from Dadar to Kalyan. The train was stopped and fire extinguishers were used to control the smoke. Other fast trains on the line were diverted to the slow track and there was a delay of 20-25 minutes for all trains going towards Kalyan.\" He added the coaches will be examined to determine the cause of the smoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12271058", "title": "Political protest causes traffic snarls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Huge traffic snarls ensued in central Delhi on Wednesday after roads were closed due to political protests. While Parliament Street was closed from Jantar Mantar red light to the Patel Chowk roundabout from morning till the afternoon, the slow dispersal in the afternoon led to traffic congestion in the area till about 7.30pm.While the procession began from Ramlila Grounds at 11am, the dispersal of the crowd of 60,000-odd people in the afternoon led to massive traffic congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12269519", "title": "Desecrations galore, justice no more", "text": "MARGAO: Three and a half years ago, on October 17, 2008 to be precise, the then chief minister Digambar Kamat had announced an award of 1,00,000 to whoever provided information about the culprits of temple desecration incidents occurring in the state. The announcement had come on the heels of the desecration of the dome of a small temple of Sree Rakhandev Aajoba, in Cuncolim, on the day of Dussehra, October 9, 2008.A special investigation team (SIT) headed by a senior official of the crime branch was then set up to investigate into the matter. In 2009, crime branch sleuths had taken a suspect for brain mapping to the forensic laboratory in Bangalore but further investigations hit a roadblock. The exercise came to a nought.Cut to the present. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced an award of Rs 50,000 to whoever provides information leading to the identity of the accused involved in the desecration of the cemetery and kabrastan at Curchorem earlier this week. A crime branch team is assisting the South Goa police in investigating the matter.Speaking to reporters while on his visit to the site of desecration at Curchorem on Tuesday, DIG Ravindra Yadav disclosed that since the last ten years 80 cases of desecration of places of worship have been registered by the Goa police across the state. All the cases have remained unsolved.However, stakeholders in the issue feel that with a stern message emanating from those at the helm of affairs of the new government, the guilty will be brought to book.Jayesh Thali, state convener of Gomantak Mandir Mahasangh, blamed it on the police for their shoddy investigations. \"The police had failed to instill any sense of deterrence in the criminals. And as they remained beyond the arm of the law, the culprits were free to strike at will. It's clear that these acts are handiworks of a group bent on destroying Goa's communal harmony. It's however commendable that the Goan society has observed utmost restraint at such times,\" Thali said.He however stressed on the need to strengthen public-police relations to prevent recurrence of such crimes.\"The police had introduced a system where the cops on night patrol duty were required to sign a register kept at the temples. Policemen were also posted outside vulnerable religious places. The system worked well, but was abruptly discontinued. Our only expectation from the police is to get to the bottom of the cases and bring the guilty to book,\" Thali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12269531", "title": "Cemetry desecration case: Several interrogated", "text": "MARGAO: The Curchorem police late Wednesday interrogated some people in connection with the case of desecration of the cemetery registered at the Curchorem police station on March 11.\"Several people have been brought for questioning and interrogation as part of the investigations at the Curchorem police station. They are being questioned,\" SP Arwind Gawas told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12275939", "title": "Pawan Kalyan follows Chiru's sentiment", "text": "Powerstar Pawan Kalyan's upcoming action entertainer Gabbar Singh's release date has become a point of discussion in the Industry. The makers had announced the release date and Gabbar Singh will be taking the movie world by storm when it hits the theaters worldwide on May 9.Everyone wondered why the makers have chosen a wednesday release, instead of a regular Friday release and what's the speciality of this date. Reliable sources have revealed the secret behind Pawan's move. The landmark films (Gang Leader and JVAS) in Chiru's career were also released on the same date. Though the makers have suggested April 27 release ('Khushi' date), Pawan insisted on releasing the film on May 9.Putting all the rumors of split in Mega family aside, Pawan once showed that he has a great Respect for his brother, whom he had admired since childhood. Let's see if Gabbar Singh becomes a landmark film in the career of Pawan to continue the success sentiment further.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12270798", "title": "Mixed response in south Tamil Nadu to rail budget", "text": "MADURAI: The railway budget has evoked mixed response in Madurai and surrounding districts with various associations and rail users terming it moderate.The announcement of new trains like Tiruchirappalli - Tirunelveli Intercity Express (Daily) via Madurai and Virudhunagar; Kacheguda - Madurai Express (Weekly) via Dharmavaram, Pakala and Jolarpettai; DEMU service to Mannargudi - Trichy - Manamadurai (Daily) has brought cheers to the commuters here, as they always felt that Madurai lacked direct connectivity to places like Hyderabad. The rail users also said that the Trichy - Tirunelveli intercity will greatly help the people in this region who go on business travel.The announcement of a new line survey on the Dindigul - Kumily stretch via Bodinayakanur has brought cheer especially among the trading community here, who have been asking for a new line between this stretch. It will greatly benefit in transaction of produce like cardamom, fruits etc and at the same time help thousands of pilgrims going to Sabarimala.The extension of train Nos. 11017/11018 Dadar - Yesvantpur Express to Tirunelveli (three days) via Dharmapuri and Erode and 16779/16780 Madurai - Tirupati Express to Rameswaram will also help the people of this region as there is no proper connectivity to Bangalore as well as the pilgrim town of Rameswaram.The increase in frequencies of 16779/16780 Madurai - Tirupati Express from two to three days and 12641/12642 Nizamuddin Kanniyakumari Express from weekly to biweekly was also hailed in the region. The announcement of Sengottai - Bhagavathipuram (Sengottai - Kollam line) gauge conversion project to be completed in 2012-13 and a new survey on Madurai - Tirunelveli - Kanyakumari along with electrification was also welcomed.\"We cannot expect much when there is no doubling in the region. The survey announced should not stop with that level but should be implemented as soon as possible at least between Madurai - Virudhunagar,\" said S P Jayaprakasam, member of Divisional Rail Users Committee and president of Tamil Nadu Food Grains Merchants Association Limited.\"But it is very disappointing that new no trains for Madurai were announced in the budget especially the much anticipated train to Bangalore. In spite of having a huge potential to Bangalore, no new train has been announced and extending the Dadar - Yesvantpur may not fully cater to the demand here,\" Jayaprakasam added.Meanwhile, Madurai District Tiny and Small Scale Industries Association has expressed dissatisfaction that no big announcements were made for the southern districts. \"The long-pending demand for a Madurai - Aruppukottai - Tuticorin or Madurai - Melur - Karaikudi train, the two routes with enormous business value, was not addressed at all. Besides, not announcing any new trains to Chennai and Bangalore is quite disappointing,\" V S Manimaran, president of the association said.Welcoming various positive aspects of the budget, Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry has pointed out that a DEMU was very essential in Virudhunagar - Madurai - Dindigul section for the benefit of commuters, students and other passengers who travel frequently between these cities daily but it has been ignored. \"We have been asking connectivity from Sengottai to Coimbatore and Chennai for many years to no avail,\" said P Kaliappan, former member of Zonal Rail Users Committee. \"The present train to Chennai is overcrowded and passenger trains to Madurai are also congested. We need more trains but not a single train has been announced for the section,\" he mentioned.One of the announcements that cheered every rail user in the region was the announcement of Royapuram in Chennai to be studied for its feasibility as fourth terminal. The associations here have been holding a series of agitations and awareness programmes to sensitise public over this demand. The rail users in the southern districts feared that the new trains will be terminated in Tambaram itself causing hardship.\"Perhaps it is one demand all our MPs raised in unison and we are very thankful to them,\" quipped Jeyaprakasam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chhapar chiri (mohali)", "code": "12270117", "title": "Badal spends Rs 3 crore on swearing in", "text": "CHHAPAR CHIRI (Mohali): Buoyed by the historic success of breaking a 46-year-old jinx, the SAD-BJP alliance on Wednesday indicated it was in no mood to take immediate austere steps for the debt-ridden state, blowing up roughly Rs 3 crore on its first official day.Standing taller than Delhi's Qutub Minar, the Fateh Burj (Victory Tower) at Chhapar Chiri village in Mohali had become the tallest religious tower in the country following its inauguration last year.On Wednesday morning, the tower witnessed a grand 45-minute swearing-in ceremony of the Punjab CM and 16 cabinet ministers - one of the costliest in the country - as giant LED screens, trumpets, tall speaker boxes, floral decorations and ostentatious catering surprised the crowd.\"The rough estimate we had arrived at was around Rs 1.5 crore,\" a reluctant state chief secretary S C Aggarwal told TOI.However, catering alone left the exchequer's coffers lighter by Rs 1.9 crore as more than 20,000 people including friends and family members of VIPs stormed the lawns of the 328ft-tall tower.\"Each plate usually costs Rs 750-Rs 1,000. We don't know the official figures of people. They will be calculated only after the event. But it may be beyond 8,000 already,\" Rohit Abrol, general manager of Ambrozia Delicacies Pvt Ltd, the hired caterer, said.The audio-visual show was arranged like a spectacle. Seven giant LED screens, each costing a rental of Rs 1.45 lakh were put up at different locations at the war memorial to relay live images of the ceremony. The screens had been specially hired by a Delhi-based company - Frames 24.Roughly Rs 15-20 lakh were coughed up to hire the three-way audio system with 35 huge speaker boxes and 150 trumpets from a Sangrur-based light and sound event management company.\"We have been organizing such events for the government before and it costs Rs 5-10 lakh. However, we were told that the sound system has to be three-way, so the costs flared up. A similar system might be used tomorrow for our Gurdas Mann show,\" Kamaljeet Singh, proprietor, Kamal Light and Sound, told TOI over phone.There were around 30,000 chairs - including cushioned and plastic - at ground and cost for a chair ranges between Rs 5 and Rs 60.When Aggarwal was asked about the show, he said the ceremony was \"official\". \"Once we get the bills, the total expenditure may be more than we expected,\" he said.Earlier, hundreds of Punjab police personnel, traffic policemen and officials from different agencies under the state government together stood on the roads, clearing the way. \"Nearly 7,000 personnel including traffic and commandoes for the VIP movement,\" said an official.Around 200 state police vehicles including anti-riot vans were deployed to handle any untoward incidents.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12270782", "title": "Why not set up probe panel, HC to Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked the Punjab government why the court should not constitute a commission to probe illegal occupation of village common land/forest land by high-ups and bureaucrats in the periphery of Chandigarh.It was asked by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover, while hearing a matter regarding acquisition of \"nami\" or \"benami\" properties by the high-ups, including senior IAS, IPS officers and politicians, in the UT's periphery. The bench was not happy with a reply filed by the Punjab chief secretary (CS) about the details of the land and action taken by it. An affidavit submitted that former minister and Congress MLA Jagmohan Singh Kang, his wife Rajinder Kaur Kang, his son Aminder Singh Kang, former DGP N P S Aulakh, former bureaucrats J S Kesar, Daljit Singh Dhillon, ex-MLA Balwan Singh, former police officers Gurcharan Singh Pherurai, Mukhtyar Singh, retired DSP of Chandigarh Police B D Bector and retired UT executive engineer Jitender Singh are among those who are in possession of illegal land in the periphery area.The affidavit, however, did not name any other senior politician, bureaucrat owning land in the controversial area.The bench was of the view that only a commission can probe the matter independently. But before making any order, the bench has asked the state as to why such commission should not be constituted. Now, the matter will come up for hearing on April 23.The issue of properties in and around Chandigarh held by various VIPs had reached before the HC when a Nayagaon resident Kuldip Singh filed a writ petition, alleging land grabbing by VIPs in UT's periphery. Following the petition, the HC had directed an inquiry into the matter. Initially, the probe was conducted by the then DGP-rank officer, Chander Shekhar. Now, a committee under the supervision of Punjab CS is monitoring the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12269024", "title": "Mhada throws FSI bait for developers", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) will soon invite proposals for joint ventures (JVs) from private players to generate affordable housing in the city.As per a new policy, land owners/developers in lieu of transferring the ownership to Mhada will be given a higher share of the floor space index (FSI) of 2.5 permitted on Mhada lands. Developers will now get 1.75 FSI instead of the usual 1. In return, Mhada will get to utilize the balance 0.75 FSI to construct affordable houses. The new norms were approved at a meeting on Tuesday.Developers though are not impressed, saying the offer is not lucrative. \"There are no issues of transferring land ownership to Mhada. But, why would I join hands with Mhada that is offering an FSI of 2.5? I would rather tie up with MMRDA that is offering a higher FSI of 4 for their rental schemes. Mhada should bring the FSI on par with MMRDA,\" said Rajendra Chaturvedi of Shreepati Developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12270965", "title": "Key accused in illegal SIM card business held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police officials have nabbed the shopkeeper, Ravindra Panchal, 23, who had employed three collegians to sell sim cards illegally. Panchal owns a provision store in Chandlodia where he also sells mobile phone connections.The three college students - Jaydeep Devadiya, 19, a resident of Chandlodia, Kishor Patel, 21, a resident of Nirnaynagar, and Maulik Sathwara, 20, a resident of Ranip - were arrested on Monday for selling SIM cards without any documents. Police seized 100 SIM cards from them.Panchal's neighbour Hitesh Rathod has filed a complaint against him in this case. Police said, \"Rathod's identity and residence-proof documents were also used by Panchal to sell a number of mobile phone connections without the mandatory documentary evidence from customers.\"Officials said, \"Panchal has told us during interrogation that he was being given the SIM cards by a mobile phone company executive along with some fake identity and residence-proof documents. He claims that the executive, Naresh, has given him 89 SIM cards for GSM mobiles and nine of a CDMA mobile company.\"\"Naresh, an employee of a GSM mobile company, had given 450 CDMA connections to Panchal in October, 2011. During Diwali last year, Panchal had sold 440 of these. Now, when business had slowed down, Panchal had hired the three students to boost his sales. He used to charge Rs 10 per SIM card given to the students for sale. The students on their part sold the cards to customers for Rs 35. The USP of this illegal SIM card sale was the customers did not need to provide any residence proof ,\" said police officials.Some time afterwards, Naresh shifted to the GSM phone company and started his shady dealings again. Panchal told the police that Naresh used to make colour photo copies of documents for identity and residence proof, submitted by genuine customers. These were later used to sell SIM cards without any documents.Naresh has gone underground but has assured the police he will surrender soon. \"Now he is calling us and giving us assurances that he shall surrender soon,\" said police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12271120", "title": "IAS officers transferred", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has transferred additional chief secretary PK Deb, currently holding the charge of urban development and housing, (UDH) as the director general of Jawahar Kala Kendra. Deb has been waiting for deputation to Centre. G S Sandhu, who holds the charge of principal secretary, home, has been given the additional charge of UDH.Anand Kumar, member, Revenue Board, Ajmer has been transferred as divisional commissioner, Bikaner. Kumar is replaced by IAS officer Alok Gupta, who was till now heading secondary education and was ex-officio project director, Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA), Bikaner. Another officer, Har Sahay Meena, has been shifted from JKK to director, primary education, Bikaner. He will also hold the additional charge of project director, RMSA.S S Bissa, commissioner, department of information and public relations (DIPR) has been made secretary and commissioner, DIPR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12269578", "title": "Rail Budget: Railway minister plans high-speed corridors from city", "text": "NEW DELHI: After former railway ministers - Lalu Prasad and Mamata Banerjee - skirted the idea of high-speed trains, the present railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has given a thumbs-up to the proposal. This time, he spoke about running premier trains like Shatabdis and Rajdhanis from the city at over 160 km/hr - thereby reducing travel time between the cities.\"We can now hope to see the average journey time of top trains to Kolkata dropping from 17 hours to 14 hours,'' said Trivedi. According to his plan, the high speed trains are expected to run between 250-350 km/hr. \"As decided earlier, the pre-feasibility study on six routes have already been taken up. One more corridor that will be studied this year is the Delhi-Jaipur-Ajmer-Jodhpur corridor. Study of the Pune-Mumbai-Ahmedabad project has been completed,'' said Trivedi.Though passengers are seeing the announcement as a big gamble, security experts warn that unless a proper infrastructure is in place, India cannot afford to have such trains. \"The Karkodkar Committee that was appointed by Trivedi had pointed out that the railways needs to do away with coaches which are being produced indigenously. According to the report, these trains cannot travel beyond 56 km/hr and even average speed of 80-90 km/hr is a danger,'' said the officer.The railways are conducting a survey on the routes of Pune-Mumbai-Ahmedabad, Delhi-Chandigarh, Patna-Delhi, Bangalore-Chennai and Chennai-Hyderabad. The survey and feasibility report are being prepared by a France based company, said sources.Bullet trains are specially designed to run at a maximum speed of 250 -300 kmph in foreign countries. Separate tracks are required to run suchtrains as they are substitute to air traffic there, said sources. Also, no goods trains would run on the special tracks of bullet trains due to safety reasons, a technical expert said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273109", "title": "'Kahaani' takes Kolkata beyond cliches", "text": "If Vidya Balan is the hero of Sujoy Ghoshs 'Kahaani', Kolkata is its heroine.Cinematographer Setus lens romances the Kolkata clichs of the Howrah Bridge, Durga Puja and Victoria Memorial and interestingly handholds the narrative further down to the back alleys of the city. In the process, it introduces the national audience to a face of the city where danger lurks in street corners and mystery unfolds in crumbling buildings. Sujoy, by choice or otherwise, is reinforcing an emerging trend of non-resident movie directors filming this city thats not just about nostalgia.In this century, this city has time and again crept into the visual narratives of Bollywood directors, including that of Mani Ratnam's 'Yuva', Sudhir Mishra's 'Calcutta Mail', Pradeep Sarkar's 'Parineeta', Rajkumar Gupta's 'No One Killed Jessica' and Onir's 'I Am'. The visual fatigue of shooting in the same old Mumbai locations, of course, has been largely instrumental in making most of these directors take a Kolkata detour. But romancing old world charm is not just whats inspiring these makers though Pradeep Sarkar's period piece still remains a landmark in promoting Kolkata as a collage of clichs.Kolkata is evolving and along with it are the motifs. So if a Sujoy Ghosh captures a sindoor-smeared women clad in red bordered gorod at the Durga Puja mandap of Ballygunje Cultural or the half-immersed face of Devi Durga on Dashami, the gritty Nonapukur tram depot lifts the movie from being just another celebration of stereotypes.The Kolkata Metro isn't limited to being the backdrop for a song. It's where all the action begins. Sujoy, in many ways, might give a boost to the lost trend of making films as part of the Calcutta trilogy. By trying to maintain a fine balance between romanticizing the city as well as depicting its edginess, he has reminded many of the lost era of master filmmakers from Bengal who would so effortlessly achieve that in the past when they filmed Kolkata in Mahanagar, Jana Aranya, Seemabaddha, Pratidwandi, Interview, Calcutta 71, Padatik, Nagarik and Grihajuddha.Tell Vidya Balan that she has literally handheld Kolkata in its Bollywood journey from being a city of old world charm (Parineeta) to a place thats edgy (Kahaani) and she says, \"That's a very nice way of looking at it. The city has given me so much and continues to do so. I simply love Kolkata in all its shades.\" Says Sujoy, \"I will feel privileged if people find a slight similarity in the way Kahaani characterizes Kolkata and Subrata Mitras lens had done so in Rays Mahanagar. Every individual in this city has two names the good name and the pet name. Kolkata, likewise, has two sides. That's what I tried to establish even while using clichs and then juxtaposing them with grim realities. For me, Kolkata wasn't supposed to be an object. Kolkata is a person and had an emotional index. When Parambrata drives down Vidya to the guest house for the first time, I deliberately show how the evening is slowly setting in. That's how my Kolkata enters every frame and finally becomes a central character of my film. Balancing out romance and grit to create an image of Kolkata is a matter of instinct. To extract romance out of grit requires a visual representation. You build enough grit visually so that when romance or anything else seeps in, one can easily see it.\"Ribhu Dasgupta, who shot 'Michael' with Naseeruddin Shah in the city, says, \"Kolkata no more just represents a sleepy, culturally rich, romantic phantom city. People who live in the city may perceive it in another way (which is a very normal way of romanticising the city you live in) while for some of us who have grown up there and moved away from it, the perception is on a different level. Probably owing to this depiction now, for a stranger, Kolkata is not just about Victoria Memorial or the Howrah bridge only. The layers of the city have been evoked by the roving eye of the film maker today. One has pried open the rosy sheen that the usual perception of the city is swathed in and tried to go beyond by feeling the beauty, bounty, pulse, sweat, blood and grime we have tried to manifest the actual ethos of the city. The good, bad and the ugly all come together right here, right now.\"In Ribhu's film, Kolkata is the central character. \"In my mind's eye, the only place the story could have been set was Kolkata. The protagonist of my film and the decadence the city reflects stands for what my character narrates through the film. I wanted to portray Kolkata as a part of the slowly crumbling image of that of a very strong character driven reality. Somewhere, I feel, the outsiders gaze is different from that of an insider. Ours is an outside view but unlike the West, which ends up shooting India very differently, we (non-resident Bengali directors) end up filming Kolkata differently from those who live there. Ours is a view of detached attachment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-15"}
