{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069394", "title": "Cipriano will be laid to rest in Moira this Wednesday", "text": "PANAJI: Waiting for a decent burial for nearly two years now, Cipriano Fernandes's body will finally be laid to rest on Wednesday at Moira.On the investigation front, the Goa government wrote to the central bureau of investigation two days ago to expedite the process of taking over the Cipriano custodial death case.Silvano Sapeco, head of forensic medicine at the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, had approached the JMFC, Panaji, to direct relatives to take custody of Fernandes's body.Speaking to TOI, Cosme Fernandes, a relative of Cipriano, said, \"I am taking the body on Wednesday (November 7, 2012) from the morgue straight to my home at Moira. The body will be kept there for around 45 minutes before final rites are performed.\" The funeral service will begin at 3.15 pm in the local churchThe 38-year-old seafarer, Fernandes, was picked up by the Panaji police from his aunt's residence in Porvorim on the evening of January 7, 2011, and placed under 'preventive measure' after his girlfriend complained that he threatened her with a knife at her house in Caranzalem.He died on January 9, 2011, two days after he was arrested by the Panaji police, due to head injury. The policemen also face charges for destruction of evidence in the case.Three policemen, PI Sandesh Chodankar, PSI Radesh Ramnathkar and head constable Sandip Shirvaikar, have been suspended for procedural lapses in the arrest that led to the custodial death of Cipriano, based on the interim report submitted by DySP Bossuet Silva.Based on the SDM's report, the crime branch has registered a case of murder against all the Panaji police personnel who were on duty from 10.30 pm on January 7, 2011 to 11.55 am on January 8, 2011, when Fernandes was in police custody.Then the case was handed over to a special investigation team lead by PI Braz Menezes and under the guidance of Dy SP Mohan Naik.Cipriano's sister had then approached the Bombay high court that the case should be transferred to the CBI. The government, too, issued the notification, but the CBI is yet to take over the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073193", "title": "It's a myth that producers have money: Q", "text": "Normal is overrated. Meet Q \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the man who's going places \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and you realize that. His Tasher Desh is set for a commercial release. It's the only Indian film to compete at the Cinema XXI section at the Rome International Film Festival this year. There's a tour of Norway lined up. But before that, when we meet him at his ground floor apartment in south Kolkata, Q is in his lair. Gandu posters are hung up, graffiti screams from the walls. Q lights up a cigarette and lowers his mask...Kaushik Mukherjee of South Point to Q today. How did it happen? Like every other middle-class Bengali boy, I didn't have a clue about anything. My dad was a lot into reading and had an alternative sort of socio-political belief. When I was 15-16, I began to sense that I was not interested in the usual things. So I began looking for things that interested me \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which was mostly music at that time. Then, when I was in college, Kabir Suman happened. That changed my life. I was like a groupie and completely absorbed his lifestyle. But then came a point when I realized that I needed to break free from that too. And then came advertising? You can call me a classic dropout. I didn't study, didn't do anything, was not a great musician either, though I knew all the musicians. Rupam was my classmate in Asutosh College. But then I sensed a certain fatigue in the music scene. Golprak e DCM er samne Rhythm &amp; Blues boley ekta dokan chhilo, Kolkatar jhora pata somosto maalgulo okhane thakto. They had no direction in life. Gandu is a reflection of that. I too am from that space.For someone like me, advertising was the most capitalist thing to do! I went to Delhi, then Mumbai. I couldn't leave the profession, as I was not trained in anything else. From Mumbai I shifted to Colombo where I got completely sucked into electronica and psychedelia. Every time I returned home, I would look different \u00e2\u20ac\u201d coloured hair, shocking clothes. Shobai hebbi chhitke jeto! In Colombo, my counter cultural sensibilities got stronger as I realized that there was indeed a revolution happening around the world. It was a throwback to the 60s \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the tripping and the psychedelia \u00e2\u20ac\u201d without any misconstrued sense of responsibility. Here people were much more pragmatic, since 40 years had gone by and a lot of s**t had happened. And then on to films? I found this new form of filmmaking in a dingy Tamil video store in Colombo; it had the most outrageous films from across the world. Around this time, I was slowly getting pushed into commercials. Having directed over a 100, I understood that the budget for shooting a pressure cooker ad was enough to make a film. I started coming back to Kolkata to experiment with videos. I worked with Bangla bands for a pittance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it was not about money. I wanted to test my technical capabilities. That led to Le Pocha , a docu on 30 years of alternative Bengali music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070270", "title": "More goons in NCP: Maharashtra Congress chief", "text": "MUMBAI: In a fresh chapter in the war of words between the Congress and the NCP, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre on Friday launched a stinging attack against the NCP.At a party campaign for the municipal council elections in Wada, Thane, Thakre said that if a public survey was carried out about which of the two, Congress or the NCP, had more goons as members, most people would choose the NCP. Thakre's offensive is seen as a response to NCP leader and state home minister RR Patil's remark during a poll campaign last week, pointing fingers at the rise of corrupt elements in the Congress.The war of words between the poll partners has boiled over to state issues at times. On Thursday, NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik had threatened an agitation by the party's women wing if the decision on increasing the cap for subsidized cooking gas wasn't taken within a week. The Congress on Friday called it a publicity stunt, with Thakre claiming that both CM Prithviraj Chavan and NCP chief Sharad Pawar have said a decision in this regard will be taken before Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069424", "title": "Internet censorship is never justified, says European Commission expert", "text": "PANAJI: In an age when the government is steadily moving towards imposing restrictions on internet freedoms in the guise of curbing objectionable content, Ben Hammersley, member of the European Commission's high level expert group on media freedom has stated that \"censorship is never justified.\"Hammersley was speaking at a session titled Chaining Godzilla: Does the Internet Need Control? at ThinkFest 2012 held in a hotel at Bambolim on Friday .Hammersley, who pioneered multimedia reporting for the BBC, said that societal problems were being perceived as technological problems and were being used as a premise for censorship.He said, \"India should want to fix the fundamental problems (in society) rather than overriding them.\"He felt that since there was no responsibility to better society, any outburst on the internet was perceived as a threat by politicians. \"If the people in the country are saying that politicians are bad, it is a political problem not a technological one,\" he said.Hammersley said \"by design and fundamental architecture of the internet, it is impossible to censor content online and still remain a democracy.\"Speaking of the 'dictator's dilemma', Hammersley said that the internet cannot be effectively controlled to allow only good content, and hence you have to get everything. Explaining this he said, the internet was initially a military project designed to withstand a nuclear war and hence cannot be easily shut off.Minister for corporate affairs Sachin Pilot , who was until recently MoS for information and technology, said the internet has become pervasive and one estimate shows that by 2028, around 5 billion people will be connected to the internet. He felt that control over the internet was a cultural and strategic issue.Though Pilot stated that the government did not have plans to censor the internet, he said the internet gives an opportunity to people to express their views anonymously online, something that they would not be able to do through print media.However, Hammersley countered this view stating that the courts could decide on libel and that the government did not need to censor content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069101", "title": "Ship's papers expired on Sept 30", "text": "CHENNAI: MT Pratibha Cauvery, the ship that was beached on Wednesday, was over-aged and its vessel classification document had expired a day after it came here from Haldia on September 29.The vessel with 37 sailors on board was kept in the outer anchorage, awaiting a direction from the owner to sail to a dry dock in Mumbai.Pratibha Shipping CEO Sunil Pawar said the company was in a financial crisis, delaying the ship's voyage from Chennai. Pawar said supply of provisions and fuel was delayed by three weeks due to unavailability of boats. \"We are taking all measures to salvage the vessel. Compensation to the sailors' families has to be decided after police investigations,\" he said.Many sailors have not got their salaries for five months. Sources in the office of the directorate general of shipping said the Indian Register of Shipping had notified the critical status of the vessel much earlier. \"It was first arrested at Mangalore port four months ago. Later it was detained at Vizag on July 31,\" said the official. Pawar claimed the vessel made its last journey to Chennai from Haldia, availing a 'single voyage permission' to carry oil as cargo.Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra said the vessel would soon be moved to a safe location. \"The owner of the vessel has made arrangements for that,\" he said. Port officials said they did not check the documents of Pratibha Cauvery before letting it enter the port as it was an Indian flagged vessel. \"The vessel had all documents for an Indian flagged vessel at the time of its entry. The Classification of the vessel by IRS must have expired after its unloaded cargo at the port,\" he said. If it is an Indian vessel, the port authorities check only the 'international ship security certificate' and its in-built pollution preventive standards. Manoj Joy, coordinator of Sailors Helpline, said the vessel owner should be charged with negligence.\"Neither the owner of the ship nor the director general of shipping came to the rescue of the sailors. Against its traditional practice, DG shipping even failed to issue weather bulletin during the extreme condition. Had the fuel tank of the was leaked, it would have caused severe pollution,\" he said. The grounded vessel had 357 tonnes of fuel oil and 3.5 tonnes of diesel on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068944", "title": "61-year-old throws acid, gets 4-year RI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior citizen has been sentenced to four years of rigorous imprisonment for trying to kill a taxi driver by throwing acid on his face.District Judge O P Gupta handed down the jail term to Om Prakash(61), a west Delhi resident, saying the punishment must have a deterrent effect. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 3,000. The maximum punishment under the Indian Penal Code for a murder bid is life imprisonment.Om Prakash, convicted for trying to kill taxi driver Karan Kumar, had sought leniency saying the offence was committed in the spur of the moment and there was no pre-planning. Kumar had deposed that Prakash had thrown acid on his face for washing his taxi in front of his stationery shop on February 28 last year. Prakash had objected to this but Kumar paid no heed to the objections. The accused had then brought a mug of acid and thrown it at the victim, the prosecution said. By the time Kumar's neighbours reached, Om Prakash had already fled.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "17072672", "title": "Aakash tablet to be showcased at UN", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: India will showcase its low-cost Aakash tablet at the UN, highlighting the country's innovation involved in creating the \"most competitively priced\" tablet computer.India's Permanent Representative to the UN Hardeep Singh Puri said a presentation on the tablet will be held on November 28 at the world body's headquarters here to which UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will be invited.Suneet Singh Tuli, CEO of Canada-based Datawind, which had won the Indian government's tender for making and supplying the tablets, will also be present on the occasion.Aakash has been \"described as the most competitively priced tablet computer by an Indian-origin entrepreneur,\" Puri said at a news conference today to outline the Council's monthly agenda under India's presidency.He said while the tablet would be called \"frugal innovation\" in UN terminology, it is a \"competitively priced innovation.\"Later talking to PTI, Puri said the Indian mission to the UN took the initiative to showcase the tablet at the world body and other UN member states as well as mediapersons will be invited to the event.Tuli would make a presentation to the UN audience on Aakash, which was launched in October last year by the Indian government to make available computing devices to students at subsidised rates.The Indian mission intends to distribute a limited number of Aakash tablets to some member states.Datawind had won the tender in 2010 to supply one lakh Aakash tablets for a price of around 49 dollars per unit.The project had run into controversy following the Indian Institute of Technology at Rajasthan rejecting the devices manufactured by Datawind.A new version of the tablet PC, featuring one Ghz processor, four-hour battery time, capacitive screen and Android 4.0 operating system, is expected to be launched in India on November 11.The Indian mission will also organise a cultural event at the UN on November 26 featuring the Shahi qawwals, who will be flying in from Ajmer for a Sufi music concert at UN on occasion of India's presidency.India assumed the rotating Presidency of the UNSC yesterday. It had last held the Council presidency in August 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17068535", "title": "Eleven U-16 Mumbai players fail age test", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day when Sachin Tendulkar and Ajinkya Rahane sparkled with delightful hundreds, there was a dampener for Mumbai cricket too, albeit on a different note. There was chaos at the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) office on Friday evening as many parents, bearing a hassled look, turned up with birth certificates of their wards to meet MCA joint secretary PV Shetty, who looks after junior cricket in Mumbai. The reason: As many as 11 players of the 15-member Mumbai U-16 team had failed their age verification tests, conducted by the BCCI in mid-September at the city's Raheja Hospital.The 'bone of contention' (pun intended) is the digital X-ray based method for verifying the age of players, which has been implemented for the first time by the board, in an attempt to check age fraud in junior cricket. The new method, known as the TW3 (Tanner-Whitehouse3) bone maturation process, allows accurate estimation of a player's age by analyzing x-rays of their lower end of the forearm. It has replaced the Greulich &amp; Pyle (GP) method, which was adopted by the BCCI seven years ago, to determine the age of junior cricketers. The GP method age estimations were accurate in the range of two to four years, but the new system is supposed to be more accurate (six months either more or less).The MCA, however, has decided to take a sympathetic view here, and will back the players who failed the test.\"We will take this matter up with the BCCI, because there is definitely some problem with the system. One or two can do such a thing, but not 11. Other state associations are also facing the same problem after these tests, with at least 10-15 players in their squads being found overage,\" Shetty told TOI, before adding: \"So many parents brought the certificates of their wards to me today. We will produce them when we are required to do so.\"When TOI talked to other associations' officials, they refused to confirm whether their junior players too were in the same boat, lest their cricketing system is shown up in poor light. They did agree though that they too had conducted similar tests as per BCCI's guidelines.The board, on its part, is in no mood to question a system which it feels will help tackle the menace of overage players in age-group tournaments in an effective way, even if it has been implemented for the first time. \"There is no question of reviewing the system. It is a foolproof method. It is absolutely authentic,\" Ratnakar Shetty told TOI. It is learnt that the test is conducted in the presence of a BCCI official, and its result reviewed by medical specialists around the world.The MCA officials claim they will solve the issue before the Vijay Merchant trophy (All-India U-16 event). Till then, the 11 colts who have been 'caught out' by TW3 will suffer. The Shatkar trophy, a local U-16 event, is scheduled from Tuesday, and these boys are ineligible to participate in that event. They cannot play in a higher age category tournament (the Sportstar Trophy for U-19 cricketers) because teams for that championship have already been selected. If the matter is not resolved in time, they stand to lose out on an entire season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore/kolar", "code": "17069349", "title": "CA aspirants fret not, Bangalore University postpones BCom exam", "text": "BANGALORE/KOLAR: Bangalore University BCom students, who were in a catch-22 situation over their 5th semester exam dates clashing with that of Chartered Accountant (CA) examination, can heave a sigh of relief. After receiving complaints from many colleges, the varsity has decided to postpone the BCom exam from November 17 to November 30. Both examinations were scheduled on November 17.\"The CA examination was clashing with a paper of 5th semester, BCom. Some 32 colleges from across the state wrote to us saying clashing of the dates will prevent students from appearing for the CA examination. The test will now be held on November 30, which is the last day for the semester examination,\" said BC Mylarappa, registrar, BU.R Deepthi, BCom student of Mahila Samaja College, Kolar, was the one who'd requested the varisty to reschedule the semester examination date. \"I was confused about which exam to write. If I skip the semester one, I will end up losing a year. It will also prevent me from appearing for competitive examinations, including the civil services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069156", "title": "Bodies of 4 missing sailors washed ashore in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The bodies of four sailors of MT Pratibha Cauvery, the ship that ran aground hours before cyclone Nilam made its landfall near Chennai on Wednesday, were washed ashore on Friday. Five sailors had gone missing while trying to escape from the vessel using a lifeboat, and another sailor was brought dead to the shore by rescue workers on Wednesday.The bodies of Raj Ramesh Khamitakar (22) and Rushabh Jhadhav (22) from Mumbai, K Niranjan (24) from Arakonnam and another sailor who is yet to be identified were recovered from Marina beach, Napier Bridge and Minjur on Friday.Heart-rending scenes were witnessed at the city's government hospitals, where the families of the sailors had gathered to identify the bodies which were bloated beyond recognition. While the body of one sailor was taken to the Government General Hospital mortuary, one each were taken to the Stanley Medical College Hospital and the Government Royapettah Hospital.Every time a mortuary van entered the premises of the government general hospital, 55-year-old K J Joseph jumped to his feet and stood by the vehicle's open doors to check if the box carried the lifeless body of his son, Jomon Joseph. \"Some say his body is in Stanley, some say he is in Royapettah. I don't know whom to believe. I just want to see my son's body one last time,\" said the man from Kasargod in Kerala.Kodhandan, a farmer, wore a stoic expression as he stepped out of the morgue at the Royapettah hospital after identifying his only son Niranjan's body. \"He had called us from the ship and was confident that he will reach the shore safely. I couldn't recognise him first as his body was bloated. I identified him from the sacred thread on his wrist,\" he said. \"He had visited Arakkonam barely a month ago and was hoping to reach home safely on November 1,\" said Kodhandan, his mask of strength crumbling.The four sailors were among 22 others who had tried to leave the stranded vessel using a lifeboat. Another sailor, Anand Mohandoss, was brought dead to a hospital on Wednesday. The Coast Guard and police are yet to trace the body of the fifth missing sailor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070366", "title": "Gulbarg Society witness opposes SIT plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A witness from Gulbarg Society, Saira Sindhi, filed an affidavit in Gujarat high court opposing SIT's petition against the special court's order to place the entire report which gives chief minister Narendra Modi and others a clean chit in the 2002 riots case.In her affidavit, Sindhi accused the SIT of shielding top cops M K Tandon and P B Gondia. She claimed that if evidence is placed before the trial court hearing the Gulbarg Society massacre case, it could help the demand made by victim-witnesses, that these cops be arraigned as accused in the case.She contended that the amicus curiae's report recommended that these cops be tried for criminal negligence. Moreover, SIT member A K Malhotra too had opined in 2010 that a probe should be conducted against these two cops. She demanded that the SIT's plea be dismissed.SIT moved HC after designated judge B J Dhandha asked SIT tos place the entire report of 25,000 pages before the court, according to the probe agency's earlier assurance. SIT has been claiming that according to the SC's direction, it is responsible to file this report before the concerned metropolitan court only. It also contended earlier that the outcome of proceedings before the magisterial court could decide further course of action in Gulbarg case also.Further hearing on this issue is scheduled for November 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069591", "title": "Scam accused minister spends 1 more day in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Former housing minister Sureshdada Jain, accused in the Rs 169-crore Jalgaon housing scam, spent one more day in hospital as his discharge card was not ready.Last month, the Supreme Court directed that Jain must be immediately shifted to a correctional facility and provided medical treatment if required in a government hospital. Early this week, the Jalgaon trial court ordered that he be shifted to the Arthur Road jail.On Thursday, superintendent of Byculla prison Sandeep Karnik, who holds the additional charge of the Arthur Road jail, sent a letter to the hospital authorities seeking his discharge. \"As the discharge card was not ready, we could not take him to jail. If it is ready on Saturday morning, we will shift him to jail where he will be examined by a doctor and if required shifted to a government hospital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069239", "title": "Nagpur University Senate members to target tardy disciplinary panel", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) was much in the news in last few months following scams referred to it. However, its tardy pace of investigations, especially in the big cases like revaluation/re-totalling scam are raising several doubts on its working. In fact, DAC was yet to give report of this scam though nearly four months have gone since TOI exposed it on July 8. Many Senate members have planned to corner the administration over DAC lethargy on various issues during Saturday's meeting.They questioned whether DAC would be able to go to roots of the scam because of its limited jurisdiction and manpower. They also stated that DAC was having members associated with NU in different ways and there was every chance that the investigations might be affected. They, therefore, reiterated their demand to constitute a judicial enquiry or a police complaint into the scam.In new revaluation/re-totalling scam, NU assistant registrar (Revaluation) Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa had allegedly given undue benefits to hundreds of engineering students. It included her son studying in St Vincent Palloti College of Engineering.DAC chairman Eknath Kathale, however, defended the delay in investigations stating the panel worked to provide fool-proof report it could stand in the courts. \"We know that our decisions are always challenged by employees and officials. We take all precautions not to leave any loophole in the investigation, so that it withstands legal challenge,\" he said.Kathale added that DAC gave priority to students' cases as it might help them save their academic year. On delay in Chunodkar-Handa case, Kathale remarked that scam was \"very serious\" and had a bigger scope. \"We have already examined over 50 persons and those saying we are not working should take note of this. It's true that we are yet to record statements of Chunodkar-Handa and her son, whose case was referred to us. But we are thinking of requesting the VC to increase scope of our investigation considering seriousness of the scam,\" he said.He added that even after their reports, it was NU's Board of Examinations (BoE) that took a final call on the action against erring lectures or employees and it led to delay in most cases as the Board did not meet regularly.Matters DAC is probing:* New Kohchade-style revaluation/re-totalling scam allegedly involving NU assistant registrar (Revaluation)* Case of head of NU's Department of Library and Information Science (DLISc) Shalini Lihitkar allegedly helping her sister clear MLib exam* Wardha's Rani Agnihotri College racket where many students were found solving NU answer-sheets at a student's home at midnight", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069630", "title": "Ban firearms in courts, HC tells state govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking serious note of the shooting of lawyers within the court premises in Kanpur and Mau, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has banned carrying of firearms in the court compounds in the entire state. A bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena observed, \"We direct the state government to ensure that nobody, whether it is lawyers, employees, staff or litigants, entering with or carrying firearms in civil courts' premises in violation of Rule 614 and 614(A) of the General Rules (Civil).\"The court has further directed the government to ensure that metal detectors installed in district courts be made functional. The order came in course of hearing of a petition, when the court was irked on police apathy to control firing on the occasion of public ceremonies.The court expressed dissatisfaction over delay in taking decision by district magistrates in many districts on cancellation of firearms used in such firings. It directed the principal secretary (home) to furnish status report in the court in this regard.It further directed central and state governments to consider declaring public places arm-free zone.The court also asked the state whether it has formulated any policy to cancel licence of firearms granted to persons having criminal antecedents, and posted the matter for next hearing on December 12.The court permitted UP Bar Council member Madhulika Yadav to intervene into the petition . She informed the court that though there is police contingent and metal detectors but they are mostly non functional and due to these incidents take place in routine manner posing serious threat to lawyers and litigants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17069238", "title": "Chakkarpur murder: 1 held, 2 still at large", "text": "GURGAON: The main accused in the murder of 27-year-old Manoj Yadav, resident of Chakkarpur, whose body was recovered by police late on Thursday evening from Gurgaon canal near Nimoth village, has been arrested. Police produced the accused in a city court on Friday and took him on a two-day police remand.An FIR of kidnapping and murder has been lodged based on the complaint of the father of the deceased against three persons (Kamal, Ajay and Amit) in the Sector 29 police station. Police have not been able to ascertain the reason behind the murder so far. The victim was reportedly a nephew of the former sarpanch of Chakkarpur village and was involved in a bar brawl in 2011.Manoj, son of Mahipal Singh of Chakkarpur village, had left his house on October 31 with Kamal, a mineral water dealer from Aayanagr in Delhi, in a Scorpio car. The victim's father, who works with Delhi Transport Corporation, alleged that his son was kidnapped and killed after being forced to get drunk.The postmortem report revealed multiple injuries on the victim's chest. \"The body was decomposed as it was lying unattended for about 24 hours. He might have been strangled to death,\" said Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic expert at the Civil Hospital.A senior police officer said that all the three accused were related to each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17068506", "title": "Rahane shines as Viru &amp; Gautam stumble", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day when Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir flopped yet again with the bat, another aspiring opener - Ajinkya Rahane - sent in to bat at No. 3, struck a patient century, staking claim yet again for a slot in the national team.Rahane's growing confidence as a batsman had begun to reflect in the previous season itself when he had perched himself as one of the leading run-getters in Ranji Trophy. The year 2012 so far, all formats included, has only been an improved effort to raise his hand consistently for Team India selection.It was apparent that once Sachin Tendulkar joined him, which he eventually did, the onus would be on the senior batsman. Yet, it does take an effort to match-up to someone like Tendulkar at the other end. Rahane did just that, first by giving his senior ample time in the middle as part of his attempt to warm up for the England series, and then using the space available to get his own century, a patient 105 off 207 balls, inclusive of 13 boundaries.The young batsman's innings served many a purpose as it came. Rahane's hundred sparkled more than usual in Mumbai because far away in Ghaziabad (UP), the entire Delhi top-order involving Sehwag, Gambhir and young guns Virat Kohli and Unmukt Chand , had perished within a 100 runs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073615", "title": "Our dance is more than just technical: Terrence", "text": "Just when we thought Bollywood was all about the latkas and jhatkas, came choreographer like Terrence Lewis who introduced Indian audience to what is now popularly known as 'contemporary'.\"We are a generation where nothing in the purest form can be enjoyed. You have to give the audience something in a mixed form, so that they can relate to it. So I mixed c o n t e m p o r a r y with the Indian abhinayas, gave it a story to tell, added some emotions and it became an instant hit with youngsters,\" says Terrence. He adds, \"To say that our dance shows are imitations of foreign reality shows would be wrong. If you look at shows like So You Think You Can Dance , you can notice what they do is dance in the most technical form. In our show, dance is more than that. There are lot of emotions involved which is what makes it different.\" Terrence, who has been associated with dance reality shows like Dance India Dance for a long time now, is judging another reality show, Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz. Kids appearing in dance reality shows are of a different genetic makeup altogether. They thrive when put under pressure and are so motivated to do well that it amazes me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17070559", "title": "Can bomb, detonators seized in Garhwa encounter, Maoists flee", "text": "GARHWA: An encounter took place between Ranka police and the Maoists in Premnagar forest located at Bishrampur village under Ranka police station area of the district on Thursday evening.Police resorted to 90 rounds of firing in answer to the indiscriminate firing by the Maoists and forced them to flee from the spot. The encounter lasted for an hour from 7.30pm to 8.30pm, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said on Friday.The SP also said police recovered one can bomb weighing 5kg, 20 detonators, a good number of Maoist literature, documents, pittu, used cartridges and cooking utensils from the spot. This apart, police also recovered a letter from the spot which demanded an end to all the operations in the state against the Maoists and was addressed to the Jharkhand legislators.However, no casualty was reported from either side. But police claimed that some Maoists might have been injured during the encounter. They said blood spots were found at the spot when they went to take stock of the situation the following morning. Meanwhile, the SP said police were conducting raids in Premnagar forest where they saw a gathering of Maoists. Seeing the police, the Maoists started firing at them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069549", "title": "Builder recalculates VAT, halves flat owners\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 liability", "text": "MUMBAI: A Belapur housing society recently scored a major victory over the value-added tax (VAT) issue. Following Lakhani's Suncoast Cooperative Housing Society members' refusal to pay 5% of the agreement value as VAT, Lakhani Builders reworked the VAT calculation. As a result, the amount sought from flat owners got reduced by almost a half.A member whose VAT liability was initially pegged at Rs 8.6 lakh has now been asked to pay a much reduced Rs 4.8 lakh. Another had to pay only Rs 1.4 lakh against Rs 2.5 lakh sought from him earlier.In September, the society had written to the builder asking for a detailed breakup of the VAT amount and how it was arrived at; there are multiple options under the Maharashtra Value Added Tax (MVAT) Act for calculating the VAT amount.\"We are happy that the builder took note of the customers' sentiments and offered a compromise formula. We believe this was possible as all the flat buyers supported each other. We hope other builders and housing societies follow suit,'' said a resident.Vijay Lakhani, chairman of Lakhani Builders Pvt Ltd, confirmed the VAT calculations were revised and the new amount sought has almost halved.\"The amount was high as there was no clarity for long on how it was to be computed. It was only after discussions that we found ways within the same rules to pass the benefit to our buyers and reduce it,'' said Lakhani.A leading developer at Borivli, too, has reduced the VAT amount sought from 3% of the agreement value to 1.65%.Another housing society at Kharghar took a cue from the Suncoast experience and asked their developer to not encash the bank guarantees till they give the flat owners a detailed breakup of the 5% VAT amount.The developer had relented and promised to give the VAT amount breakup by October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070295", "title": "President warns against vilification campaigns", "text": "New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday cautioned against \"vilification campaigns\" to defame or destroy reputations in the name of combating graft. Mukherjee said anger against the \"bitter pandemic\" of corruption was legitimate as was protest against the \"plague\" but insisted that it should not become an excuse for an assault on the country's democratic institutions.\"It must be ensured that in the name of checking corruption, vilification campaigns are not carried out to defame or destroy reputations. False allegations aimed at impugning reputations are bad,\" Mukherjee said at the 11th All India Lokayukta Conference in Vigyan Bhawan here.Newly appointed law minister Ashwani Kumar took a dig at anti-graft activists, stressing the need for stricter laws of defamation and saying \"masqueraders\" against corruption couldn't be allowed to sully reputations.Kumar, in an obvious reference to Arvind Kejariwal and allegations levelled by India Against Corruption against Congress leaders, said, \"Measures are needed to protect the reputation of people... we can't condemn an innocent to life-long infamy.\"Kumar said activists agitating against corruption wanted to hijack the agenda for political gains, arguing this had led to tarnishing of reputation of innocents.With the government reeling under a slew of corruption charges, the law minister used the occasion to emphasize the principle of \"innocent until proven guilty\", adding that while it was easy to level corruption charges, it was equally difficult to establish the same in court.The main organizer of the conference, Delhi Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin, spoke on the need to include IAS officers within the jurisdiction of the anti-corruption watchdog, saying a lot of time and effort was wasted when the minister of a department was probed by one agency while the secretary of the same department couldn't be questioned. Sarin also called on the Supreme Court to penalize states that refuse to establish Lokayuktas.The conference will witness brainstorming sessions to come out with recommendations to enhance effectiveness of anti-corruption agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069066", "title": "Karuna says his govt took steps to add 7,100MW", "text": "CHENNAI: Refuting allegations repeatedly leveled by chief minister J Jayalalithaa that DMK was responsible for the current power crisis in the state, party president M Karunanidhi on Friday said his government had taken steps to generate 7,100MW of additional power before 2014. \"The assembly records of November 3, 2008 clearly state how many projects have been initiated,\" Karunanidhi said in his customary letter to party cadres.On Wednesday during an assembly session, Jayalalithaa blamed the previous DMK government and Congress-led UPA at the Centre for the acute power shortage.Citing an example, Karunanidhi said \"In November 2008, during a debate on the power issue in the Assembly, I sent senior party leaders like Stalin and others to invite opposition leaders O Panneerselvam and K A Sengottaiyan for a debate. But they refused to participate. This shows our political culture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17068520", "title": "Bhanot set to file nomination", "text": "BANGALORE: With the deadline to file nominations for the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) elections fast approaching, hectic parleys are on in the rival factions headed by Abhay Singh Chautala and Randhir Singh to garner maximum support.According to sources, the wind is now blowing in favour of the Chautala camp, which has got the firm backing of outgoing president Suresh Kalmadi . Joining the Haryana strongman would be Lalit Bhanot who is set to contest for the post of secretary-general. The group has also identified Swimming Federation of India's CEO Virendra Nanavati as the senior vice-president, a post now held by Vijay Kumar Malhotra , and incumbent N Ramachandran as treasurer.It is learnt that Randhir is counting on support from the South. \"Randhir is trying to garner maximum votes from the southern states. This camp is planning to field K Murugan (volleyball) as the secretary-general and Janardhan Singh Gehlot (kabaddi) as the senior VP,\" sources told TOI. Though Murugan has crossed 70, an exemption may be sought from the ministry. Sources added that Randhir's group approached Anil Khanna to contest for the post of treasurer but the All India Tennis Association boss backed out.Harish Kumar enters frayOff the blocks early was Taekwondo Federation of India president Harish Kumar who has announced his candidature for the post of treasurer. \"I am not in either of the two camps but I'm confident that I will get the support,\" said Kumar.IABF polls back in focusMeanwhile, the sports ministry on Friday pulled up the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) for not adhering to the guidelines during the recent elections. \"If any federation violates the Delhi High Court order we will surely take action. We waited for a month for IABF's reply but we didn't get any. We have issued them a notice asking them to give us the details of the elections. If they don't reply by Nov 12 then we may be forced to take suo motu action,\" sports secretary PK Deb said.The polls, which saw Chautala getting elected to the newly-created chairman's post, has come under the scanner, particularly with the election of Chautala's brother-in-law Ashok Mataria as the IABF president. Sources said Mataria's election came out of the blue. \"Once the executive authorized Chautala to pick the candidate of his choice he shocked everyone by nominating the Rajasthan MLA as president. Mataria, who was not even a member of the state body, was not eligible to attend the meeting,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17070908", "title": "Prisoner serving a life sentence for murder in Midnapore central jail escaped", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A prisoner serving a life sentence for murder in Midnapore central jail escaped enroute to Jalpaiguri jail early on Friday. Convict Sheikh Mustafa Nawaz, 23, jumped off a running Kamrup Express as it crossed Aluabari just ahead of New Jalpaiguri (NJP) station after pushing aside the ASI escorting him.The ASI took off Nawaz's handcuff when he wanted to go to the toilet in the train. The ASI was about to handcuff Nawaz as he came out of the toilet when the prisoner pushed the policeman and jumped off the train. The ASI too jumped off the slow moving train but was unable to catch Nawaz. He was being transferred to Jalpaiguri jail after he turned out to be a menace in Midnapore jail where he regularly sold ganja and used mobile phones.Sheikh Mustafa Nawaz, 23, was transferred to Midnapore jail from Ghatal jail on October 7, 2007 soon after his murder trial ended in conviction. Nawaz was arrested after the murder in August, 2006 of his neighbour in Chattraganj village in West Midnapore's Chandrakona. His father retired as an ASI of East Midnapore Police.Since his transfer, Nawaz proved to be a headache for Midnapore jail authorities. \"He would regularly smuggle in ganja into the jail and was often caught with mobile phones. We, therefore, recommended his transfer to IG prisons which was accepted. An order to transfer him to Jalpaiguri central jail was received just after Lakshmi puja. Accordingly, we handed over the prisoner to police. It was for the police to ensure he didn't escape,\" said Midnapore jail superintendent Khagendranath Bir.Nawaz and two of his fellow inmates, who too were accused of involvement in the ganja trade inside the jail, were handed over to police around noon on Thursday. The police team first escorted the three to Kolkata where one of the prisoners in Presidency jail. The team then split into two. One of them escorted a prisoner to Behrampore jail while the other comprising an ASI and three constables boarded the Howrah-NJP Kamrup Express.As the train crossed Aluabari -- the station just before New Jalpaiguri -- on Friday morning, Nawaz told his police escorts that he wanted to go to the toilet. He was taken to the toilet by the ASI who removed the prisoner's handcuff and let him go inside. When nawaz came out, he pushed the ASI aside before he could be handcuffed again and jumped off the running train which had slowed down as it was nearing NJP.West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said, \"We will wait for the return for the policeman escorting the prisoner to inquire into how Nawaz escaped. If any lapse is found on their part, departmental proceedings will be started against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17070310", "title": "Bail for businessman in sun-film fracas", "text": "THANE: The Thane businessman who was allegedly assaulted by traffic policemen on Tuesday secured bail from the magistrate court after his arrest by the Naupada police on charges of unprovoked attack on policemen and obstructing public servants from performing their duties.Prasad Girap (33) was shifted to Sion hospital for treatment late on Tuesday after an alleged assault by two police constables and a police inspector resulted in internal injuries. \"He is suffering from giddiness and severe pain in his abdomen and legs as he was kicked repeatedly by the cops,\" said Ajay Salune, the victim's brother-in-law. Cops, however, said Girap was making up a story as he had tried to show his political clout and threatened to call up a Shiv Sena MLA. They claimed Girap abused police personnel and got into a scuffle.In a phone conversation, Girap said, \"I am an engineer and not the kind of person who will get into a street brawl with cops. I told them that the film fitted on my car windows was well within permissible limits. At that point, an SUV with dark tinted windows drove past and I questioned the cops over their preferential treatment and asked them why VIPs were being spared. They did not appreciate being questioned like this and the constable started abusing me.\"An eyewitness to the entire episode, Pravin Balkrishna Kadam, seconded Girap's claim that the police officers had been hostile. Senior police officers, however, claimed that the allegations were baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070190", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCM, RR lack courage to cut down netas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 cover\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Political considerations are clearly at play where security for politicians and their relatives are concerned. While the cover provided to Shiv Sena rebels who joined the NCP has been doubled, special security has been provided to state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar on the oral orders of R R Patil. Thane Shiv Sena MP Anand Paranjape, who has joined hands with the NCP without quitting his party, has been provided a special security cover, ostensibly in view of the threat from Sena workers and anti-social elements. Another Shiv Sena leader, Kiran Pawaskar, who joined the NCP, too has been provided with an augmented security cover in view of threats from \"political rivals and anti-social elem-ents\". Besides a special escort vehicle, he has been provided with eight police officers.On Thursday, the court had taken the government to task over the spate of attacks on individual campaigners against crime and corruption, including the murder of Pune-based RTI activist Satish Shetty and the assault on activist Nayana Kathpalia. Shetty, who had sought information on huge tracts of land acquired by a private firm, IRB Infrastructure , had sought police protection two months before he was bumped off in January 2010.While Shetty was denied police protection, it was found that both the CM and his then deputy, R R Patil , had ignored the report of the high-level committee on providing security cover to the governor, cabinet members and leading politicians. \"Both lack the courage to withdraw the security cover of politicians and their family members, despite specific recommendation of the committee,'' a senior IPS officer said.Pune-based RTI activist V Kumbhar said it was unfortunate that the government had failed to protect the lives of whistle-blowers. \"When I tried to expose a veteran Sena leader, I too received threats. In my opinion, besides providing adequate security, the government should probe into the information obtained by RTI activists,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070614", "title": "2011 chopper crash report awaited", "text": "RANCHI: Mystery shrouds the crash of a Dhruv helicopter in a forest on the Ranchi-Khunti border on October 19 last year, killing the pilot, co-pilot and a technician as the report on the mishap is yet to come.Sources in Jharkhand police and Pawan Hans Helicopter Limited, which maintained the chopper, said they were waiting for the report of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DCGA) to know the reasons behind the crash. The chopper was on anti-Naxalite operation in the state and was used by the BSF.The 16-seater chopper crashed in a paddy field inside the forest 11 minutes after it took off from Birsa Munda airport in Ranchi. The helicopter was on its way to Chaibasa in West Singhbhum district from where it had to ferry a 10-member team of the Union rural development ministry for review of progress of the welfare development work in Maoist-hit Saranda jungles.\"There was dense fog when the chopper took off from the airport. There were rumours that the chopper was targeted by rebels operating in the area. Since the place is a stronghold of the rebels, an attack on the chopper cannot be ruled out,\" said a source police.Officials in Pawan Hanss Helicopter Limited said they were awaiting the DGCA report. \"It is necessary for us to know the reason behind the crash so that we can warn our pilots and technicians to take preventive measures when they fly in similar condition,\" said an official.Spokesman for Jharkhand Police S N Pradhan said they were also waiting for the final report. \"The expert committee has submitted some report to the DGCA but the final findings are still awaited. We expect that soon the final report will be in place and help police plan its future strategy in tackling Maoists and other rebel groups in the state,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17071175", "title": "House fire swallows man, child and women survive", "text": "TRICHY: A man was torched to death when a fire broke out a house in Thillainagar in the heart of the city on Friday. However, five others of the joint family including a little boy who was sleeping in the house were saved by fire brigade personnel who made a quick entry to the spot around 4 am. Police later said the fire had been caused by a possible short-circuit as it was drizzling.Karthikeyan, 35, and his wife Sudha were living on the first floor of a house at Mathuram Colony on second cross in Thillainagar. Karthikeyan's 72-year-old mother Kamatchi, her sister Kamalambal, 60, maternal uncle Krishnamurthy, 50, and son Raghavendra, 4, were part of the joint family. Police said Kamatchi and Krishnamurthy, who had mental health issues and was unmarried, were sleeping in a separate room. As fate would have it, Karthikeyan was not home that night as he was on a professional tour.When the fire broke out, the inmates were fast asleep, and it was Sudha who was alerted by the heat. Sudha scooped her four-year-old son Raghavendra and ran to safety while frantically raising an alarm for help. Similarly, Kamatchi and Kamalambal too tried to move towards the main entrance of the house as by the time smoke had engulfed the room and they could not see properly, a fireman said. Sudha cried over the phone as she was relating the incident to her husband who immediately alerted the Thillainagar fire brigade. The fire brigade personnel arrived within the next five minutes as their station was close by. District fire officer Seyyed Mohamed personally supervised the rescue operation. Within another 15 minutes, assistant commissioner of police Veerasamy too rushed to the spot along with policemen.The firemen guided both Kamatchi and Kamalambal to safety, but Krishnamurthy suffocated to death. Despite frantic screams, the man could not drag himself out of the room. The police have filed a case and are investigating the cause of fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17072875", "title": "I found a friend in Sapnaji: Aseem Trivedi", "text": "Cartoonist-turned-activist AseemTrivedi , just out of the Bigg Boss house speaks to Subhash K Jha about his plans for opening a school for activismFrom an obscure cartoonist in Kanpur to a nationally know figure, how do you see your journey? I feel a huge sense of responsibility. I can't afford to be irresponsible in my conduct. I've to be very careful.People are looking towards me to take forward my promise for change. I don't know how much strength I have for this struggle ahead. But whatever strength I have is going into my mission. Just before I went into the Bigg Boss house I wanted to start a school of activist in my home-town Kanpur. I intend to carry that idea forward. What would this school be about? There is a lot of unorganized activism among the young. They need to be motivated.They need to understand how to harness their passion for change. Look at the mediums of protest: dance, music, street-plays, online protests, sports, cinema.We have schools to teach youngsters everything. Why not a school of activism? I intend to open a school of activism completely free of cost. It will be funded by those who can afford to give money for this.Even at Bigg Boss I found 2-3 celebrities who are willing to work with me. If known faces agree to join my campaign the aam junta would be doubly motivated. Celebrities don't know their power for change. Campaigning for politicians during elections is not enough. Members of the Republican Party Of India(RPI) stoned the television channel Colors' office in protest against your participation in Bigg Boss.Your comments? That's what I've heard! I need to understand the issue.People don't need to be told who is wearing the colour black and who's sporting the colour white in this conflict.I survive on the confidence that those who're throwing stones at me today will join my mission to cleanse this country of corruption.The sun spreads its radiance to every corner . I am not talking about myself as the sun. I am talking about my idea and ideology.I am fully confident that those who oppose my campaign will be with me eventually. I also feel that these opposers are not all motivated by politics. Some of them genuinely believe I am wrong. You were charged with sedition. That's the gravest of crimes? (ponders) I was accused of insulting the country. See, it's a cartoonist's job to mirror social reality. The motive for doing what one does has to be taken into consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069543", "title": "Teen survives fall from 2nd floor classroom window", "text": "MUMBAI: In a freak accident, a Std IX student of a school in central Mumbai slipped and fell off the window of a classroom on the second floor. The incident took place on Thursday when the school's staffers and the rest of the students were celebrating their annual sports day at a nearby playground. The 15-year-old girl is now admitted to J J Hospital. \"She did not sustain any serious injuries,\" said the school's principal.\"All the students and the teachers were at the playground. The girl (15) was not supposed to be inside the school building. All non-participating students were told to come to the ground with their parents. Only those students who had participated in sports activities were allowed inside the school. The girl might have walked in with other participants,\" said the principal, adding that no classes were held on Thursday.In her statement to the police, the girl said she lost her balance and fell. Senior inspector ( Nagpada police) Vinayak Saude said, \"The girl is polio affected. She was supposed to go for a sports programme with her classmates but reached late and all the students had left for the ground by then. She went to the classroom and opened the window. This is probably when she lost control and fell down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17070211", "title": "Both Barack, Mitt claim to be real agents of change", "text": "Days ahead of the presidential elections, incumbent Barack Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney have started proclaiming themselves as the real harbinger of change, alleging that the policies offered by their opponent do not represent change desired by Americans. \"I am offering real change and a real choice,\" Romney wrote in an op-ed published by the CNN along with that of Obama. \"We know what real change looks like. And we can't give up on it now,\" 51-year-old Obama wrote this morning dismissing the \"change\" being offered by Romney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070830", "title": "Adhir to take up 'ignored' railway stretch", "text": "KOLKATA: Within a week of taking over as Union minister of state for railways, Adhir Chowdhury has decided to announce the commencement of work on a railway project in his parliamentary constituency that some believe was intentionally ignored by Mamata Banerjee and Mukul Roy thereafter. Sometime next week, Chowdhury is expected to be present at a programme at Krishnagar where he will announce the beginning of work for doubling of tracks between Plassey and Jiaganj.For several years, there has been a demand for doubling of tracks between Krishnagar and Lalgola. During her tenure as railway minister between 2009 and 2011, Mamata got funds allocated and announced the commencement of work between Krishnagar and Plassey and from Jiaganj to Lalgola. However, no funds were allocated for the stretch between Plassey and Krishnagar. This part lies within Chowdhury's constituency of Behrampore.\"Unlike other Congress leaders from the state, Chowdhury had continued to oppose Mamata even when she was part of the UPA and his party had members in the state Cabinet. Chowdhury maintained that her ultimate aim was to wipe out the Congress in the state politically and for this, she has been trying to build a base in the Congress stronghold of Murshidabad. The delay in getting the stretch approved is an attempt to show the Congress in poor light,\" a source close to Chowdhury said.Not only is Behrampore a crucial business hub and an important tourist destination, Murshidabad's location close to the Indo-Bangla border also raises its strategic importance. Strangely, the town continues to remain connected by a single line. Railway officials believe that once the Krishnagar-Lalgola section is doubled, travel time from Kolkata may come down by over 30 minutes.\"It was strange that the most important part of the stretch between Plassey and Jiaganj that also covers the Behrampore Court and Murshidabad stations was ignored while allocations were made for the two sections at either end. Technically, Behrampore can be reached from two stations. Apart from Behrampore Court, there is the Khagraghat Road station across the Bhagirathi. Unfortunately, the Khagraghat Road station also falls in the totally neglected Katwa-Azimganj single line section that goes up to Malda. Maybe, Chowdhury should also take steps to improve this stretch,\" a railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17070756", "title": "100 more buses planned for city fleet in December", "text": "NASHIK: Public transportation in Nashik city is likely to improve in the near future as the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has decided to add 100 more buses to its fleet.The MSRTC is ready to induct the additional new buses, with an added double door facility as well. The buses are currently being manufactured, with the first batch likely to reach the city by December, MSRTC divisional controller, Kailash Deshmukh said on Friday.According to officials the MSRTC was to procure 100 buses after it received a similar numbers of buses from Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renovation Mission ( JNNURM) scheme, sponsored by the Central government. The buses in the fleet are low floor and comfortable, whereas the ones that MSRTC are to include soon are of the regular type.The improvement in the number of buses is part of the arrangement agreed to by the corporation while accepting the city buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renovation Mission (JNNURM). Currently, the MSRTC has 2020 buses operational in its fleet for the city.Officials said that with the addition of the new buses, the state transport corporation would be able to reach out to more localities in the city, and would also be able to increase buses plying on arterial routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17072454", "title": "Karnataka voters to have wide choice of regional parties in next polls", "text": "BANGALORE: Be a king-maker than a king. Get a handful of MLAs elected, 25-30 being a good number and play the king-maker's role.Hence, Yeddyurappa launching his Karnataka Janata Party in December is said just not to settle scores with the BJP for purportedly treating him shabbily, but also to get even with all his political foes including former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda's family. And his objective appears to suit the Congress plans too.According to Congress and BJP insiders,the confidence in Yeddyurappa on his new outfit would not have been possible, if he was not sure of his role post elections a few months from now. For public consumption, if he claims of staging a comeback, the ground reality is that without a dozen MLAs in his fold, he cannot be a negotiator.Smelling power, the Congress which has been in the woods all these years is aware that if it does not get a majority, it will certainly emerge as the single largest party. \"The Congress will not be averse to forming the government under the umbrella of alliances --- which will be these new parties,'' sources said.Congress insiders maintain that Yeddyurappa's praise for AICC president Sonia Gandhi that she keeps up the promise made to her members and stands by them in times of difficulty was not an off the cuff statement.\"With a direct entry of Yeddyurappa, facing corruption charges being impossible in the Congress, the party is looking forregional outfits other than the JD(S) for crunching the numbers,'' they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17072804", "title": "Australian Council signs MoU with National Skill Development Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: The Australian Council for Private Education and Training (ACPET) announced the signing of an MoU with the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC), to formalise a key relationship with the skills' agency this week.The MoU, which was signed by ACPET CEO Claire Field and NSDC CEO and MD Dilip Chenoy, includes a commitment to fostering the establishment of partnerships between Australian and Indian education and training providers, as well as exchanging information and perspectives on education, training and skills development. The partnership also aims to increase the skill base of 500 million people in India by 2022.\"Indian students make a significant contribution to the academic, cultural and social life of NSW while studying at ACPET member colleges,\" said the Premier of New South Wales, Barry O'Farrell , who attended the official reception in New Delhi this week to mark the event. O'Farrell is leading a high-level trade and investment delegation from NSW that is visiting Mumbai, Hyderabad and Delhi.\"The MoU will strengthen the growing partnership between Australia and India in the skills training arena,\" said Chenoy.With the NSDC focussing on training for jobs in 21 key industry areas, there will be a multitude of opportunities for collaboration between ACPET members and NSDC partners.ACPET has 1,100 members delivering higher education, vocational education and training and English language courses throughout Australia, with approximately one third of its members are in NSW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069134", "title": "11 children sent to rehabilitation homes on 2nd day of anti-begging drive", "text": "JAIPUR: On the second day of the anti-begging drive on Friday, the district administration has sent 11 children found begging to rehabilitation homes.District collector T Ravikant said all 11 children were in the age group of 5 years to 15 years. They have been sent to various children homes in the city for their rehabilitation. Apart of the 11 children, there was another child who was handed over to the parents.Moreover, the district administration sent 15 beggars to rehabilitation homes who were found begging at important crossroads of the city. Among the 12 children, three were girls while nine were boys.After the district administration drive, very few beggars were spotted in the city. Teams of the district administration also appealed to the people not to give alms to the beggars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069528", "title": "UPSIDC clears 200 acres land for leather clusters", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following the decision to set up the leather cluster development in Sandila and Ramaipur, the Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation on Friday cleared 200 acres land for the purpose in Sandila. Speaking to TOI, UPSIDC managing director Manoj Singh said: \"We have now instructed the consultant to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) which will be submitted to the Government of India within the next three months.\"The first-of-its-kind leather cluster in Kanpur will also attract the Central funds of Rs 70 crore for the special purpose vehicle (SPV) that will be formed to run and mange the leather cluster. Singh added that though the state government will not have any say in the running of the SPV, the money will be used to set up state-of-the-art infrastructure and a common effluent treatment plant to service the leather industries that come up as a part of this cluster.In September, UP government, in a bid to promote leather production, sanctioned over 900 acres of land for setting up two leather parks -- in Sandila near Hardoi and at Ramaipur in Kanpur. Expected to attract an investment of Rs 2,000 crore, the state-of-the-art leather clusters, officials said, will be completed in four years.Saying that the process of land acquisition would soon be started in Ramaipur also, Singh said the district magistrate has been asked to inform the state government about the existing circle rates. \"In about one month, we will start the process of land acquisition. Thereafter, the detailed project report will be prepared and sent to the Centre,\" he said.Clearing the two greenfield mega leather cluster (MLC) projects after meeting a delegation of leather industrialists from Kanpur, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in September had asked UPSIDC to provide land for these projects.According to government proposals, both integrated leather parks will be equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure, technology and production chain to meet the demands of domestic markets and standards for export. In a bid to promote the small and medium scale leather processing units, the government has also said 50% space will be set aside for units in this category, to carry out their production activities at the leather clusters.Singh added that the mega leather clusters would be implemented through special purposes vehicles (SPV) under a Government of India scheme for development of mega leather clusters. Under the scheme, 70% contribution is made by the Central government while the remaining facilitation is done by the state government. Ordinarily, the SPV is a corporate body promoted by a group of entrepreneurs engaged in leather industry willing to set up units in proposed MLC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070809", "title": "Cop drinks acid to kill himself", "text": "KOLKATA: A 38-year-old assistant sub-inspector of Kolkata police committed suicide by drinking acid in his home at Dangapara near Khardah in North 24-Parganas on Thursday night. He is survived by his wife and two sons aged between 10 to 12.Police said that Swarnakamal Chatterjee, who was posted in Nadial, had gone to SSKM hospital with his ailing wife on Thursday. They returned in the afternoon. At night he went to toilet where he allegedly drank acid, staggered out and collapsed. He was taken to hospital where he died an hour later. Police say he did not leave a suicide note. They suspect a family feud to be the motive for the suicide.Police are however yet to ascertain the reason behind his suicide. \"No suicide note was found in his room and the family members did not lodge any complaint in this connection till Saturday evening. We have initiated an unnatural death case. We are also waiting for the postmortem report to know the exact cause behind his death,\" a senior police official said. Police are also investigating whether a family feud could have driven him to take the drastic step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17071255", "title": "China chips in for canal project", "text": "DHARWAD: The government has selected 1,000 hectares of land in the Narayanpur Left Bank Canal (NLBC) command area for the pilot project under the Water Mission.Remodelling and modernization of the canal will be taken up with technical assistance from China.Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai told reporters on Thursday that the central government will sign an MoU with China shortly. Apart from remodelling and modernization, the project envisages introduction of volumetric measurement system and water use efficiency measures. He said the state Cabinet has approved the proposal by the Centre in its recent meeting held in Gulbarga. The work will be completed in three years.Bommai said Hipparagi and four lift irrigation schemes in Bagalkot district will be inaugurated on November 4, while Shiggaon lift irrigation scheme will be inaugurated on November 9. Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar will be present on the occasion.He said the delay in implementation of Kalasa Banduri Nala project was due to legal and technical reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068601", "title": "Court rejects Rathi in-laws interim bail", "text": "INDORE: The district court on Friday rejected the application for interim bail filed by four members of the family of in-laws of deceased Akansha Rathi. The Indore-based industrialist was found dead in her parental house in Dwarka, New Delhi, on October 23.Talking to ToI additional public prosecutor Ravindra Desai said four members of Akansha's family -- Rajkumar Rathi (father-in-law), Sushma Rathi (mother-in-law) Pradeep Rathi (uncle in-law) and her brother-in-law Saurav Rathi were produced in the court of seventh additional district judge Savita Dubey. The court rejected their bail application on the ground that they could influence the evidence, he added.\"On October 30 in the hearing, I argued that Akansha has been found dead in Delhi and the case is being investigated. I requested the court to ask Delhi police to file its report,\" he said, adding, \"Delhi police today filed the report in which it has clearly mentioned that her death could be the case of death due to dowry harassment.\"Desai said Akansha had earlier filed the case against the accused and the police slapped section 498 A and 506 of IPC. \"I argued that if the case turns into death due to dowry harassment, police will have to add the Section 304 B and 306 of IPC,\" he said, adding, \"I told the court that if the accused allowed to move freely, they can influence evidence as they would come from Rathi clan.\"The court agreed to the argument and decided not to give them interim bail, he added. Earlier, Akansha Rathi was found dead in her parental house which sent shock wave into the city. She had also filed complaint to Mahila police accusing her in-law of harassing her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "", "code": "17069231", "title": "Rickshaws on main roads: Delhi split", "text": ": The Delhi government's plan to promote non-motorised transport in the city, especially on arterial roads, has road safety experts and city planners divided. While traffic police and transport experts argue that a dedicated corridor for non-motorised vehicles is not feasible and will be a traffic hazard, activists and UTTIPEC officials feel it is important to promote environment-friendly modes of transport for the city's sustainable development.At a recent meeting chaired by chief secretary P K Tripathi, all experts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including traffic cops \u00e2\u20ac\u201d seemed to agree that cycle-rickshaws are a must for residential colonies. However, the bone of contention is whether non-motorised vehicles (NMV) should be allowed on main roads. \"In Delhi, cycle-rickshaws have to use arterial roads if they have to travel from one residential colony to another. So, it is important to have dedicated corridors for NMVs on arterial roads. There is a need to review the policy in this regard. Traffic police are against the proposal as they have failed to enforce the law. Their main job is to impose rules, not to draft policies,\" said Madhu Kishwar, founder of Manushi Sangathan and professor at Centre for Study of Developing Societies.The main question is whether it is feasible to have a dedicated corridor for NMVs on thoroughfares, especially in areas where road width is between 30 feet and 45 feet. Also, with motorized vehicles moving at a much faster speed than NMVs, is it safe to have NMVs plying on the same stretches. Transport planning experts say that the plan is not viable for Delhi. Moreover, it is impossible to have a continuous NMV corridor in the city. \"There is a need to develop a network of NMVs. But it is not possible in the capital due to lack of space. Most arterial roads already witness a huge volume of traffic. Construction of NMV lanes will only compound traffic chaos,\" said PK Sarkar, professor of transport planning, School of Planning and Architecture.However, Ashok Bhattacharjee, director UTTIPEC, seems to disagree. \"There is a need for a paradigm shift in the city's transport system. We have to ensure that the means of transport are environment-friendly. On roads which are 45 feet wide or more, it is feasible to have a dedicated NMV corridor,\" Bhattacharjee said.While activists and UTTIPEC experts cite the example of European countries, traffic experts say factors like the city's population and technical problems have to be kept in mind. Traffic experts admit there should be a facility for cyclists on arterial roads, but are against the idea of allowing cycle-rickshaws. \"Firstly, it is inhuman to allow a person to pull two-three people for a long distance. Rickshaws are for colonies. Secondly, they are a serious traffic problem. Chances of road accidents are high. Also, we don't have any law to regulate cycle-rickshaws. We can't impound a rickshaw or challan it under the Motor Vehicles Act, in case it is plying on the main road,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint CP (traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "in town, with their latest comedy show, nothing like anything, director, stand-up comedian anuvab pal and 'delhi belly' actor kunaal roy kapur, joined ct for a funny chat. excerpts", "code": "17073089", "title": "Stand-up comedy is gaining popularity: Kunaal", "text": "In town, with their latest comedy show, Nothing Like Anything, director, stand-up comedian Anuvab Pal and 'Delhi Belly' actor Kunaal Roy Kapur, joined CT for a funny chat. Excerpts:  Being funny is a serious business. How much does it take to make people really laugh? Anuvab (A): It depends on what kind of creator you are. If you think the world is a humorous place, the stories you create will by default be humorous. Kunaal (K): Many times I find things funny which a larger audience might not find interesting. I think doing stand-up is like being an editor of your own piece. You have to constantly edit and improvize. A: If you think too seriously, without being funny, you will lose the plot. Anuvab, you have worked as a stand-up comedian in the US and closer home in Mumbai. How do you cater to the taste of the audience there and here? A: Be it politics, religion, sex or cricket \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I tell a particular audience only those stories which are relevant to them. Localizing is the key. American comedy scene is more evolved. They have various categories, for example, one person only does sex jokes, other does ethnicity jokes and likewise. It's an industry in itself. In India, there is defined space for just Hindi comedy. The English comedy space is relatively new and caters mostly to the urban audience. Do you think the tastes of Hindi and English audience differ? K: If I consider myself, who does only English comedy, I guess that a Hindi audience might get my tone, but not the references I draw. A: The mode and tonality of the performance differ. For example, in Hindi there is drum and sound effects after each joke, a lot of mimicry is used and loud clothes are a norm. You can't bring in these kinds of things for the English audience as it would be considered tacky. There are so many stand-up comedians now. Who according to you is doing a good job? K: Vir Das is very talented. Varun Thakur is also very good. A: Rohan Joshi, Tanmay Bhatt, Rajnish Kapoor and Gursimran Khamba are the people to look out for. Does the Indian audience in general appreciate stand-up comedy as an art form? How popular is it in India at the moment? K: Stand-up comedy is gaining popularity. I like what is happening at the comedy store (in Mumbai) at the moment, though I am not a part of it. I really like the fact that people can now go out on a weeknight and some catch comic performances. Hopefully more places will open up across the country and it will become a popular entertainment option.A: This particular comedy show brought to you by Treehat was a total sold-out in Delhi, Bangalore and Gurgaon. Also, Kunaal was the part of highest grossing comedy in India of all time \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Delhi Belly \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is an English language comedy. So clearly there is a market for that in main stream motion pictures. Also, we have travelled the country quite a bit doing stand-up and yes, the scene is looking up. K: Given the fact that we have so many English newspapers, so many English news channels, English movies are playing every week, the education is English. So there is no reason for comedy in English not to exist. After Loins of Punjab Presents and The President Is Coming, what are your future plans? A: I am working on a couple of scripts for other people. Then there's something that I am trying to develop for next year. It's a small comedy about scriptwriters and agents in Bollywood. K: Hopefully, I will get a role in it. A: Hopefully, we will have Kunaal and Vir. If these big movie stars are free then I will go and knock on their doors and beg. I think one of the benefits of writing and having friends who are such good actors is that they won't throw you out.K: Pal has a book coming out later this year.A: Chaos Theory, an older play of mine comes together in a book. There's also a scripted TV show for Comedy Central, which we are developing.K: I have a big movie, Nautanki Saala, coming up in February. It's a buddy comedy and is directed by Rohan Sippy and stars Ayushmann Khurrana and myself. Then later around mid 2012, I have a Kabir Sadanand film coming up called Golu Aur Pappu. Vir Das is Golu and I am Pappu.A: The film only revolves around male characters?K: Yes, no woman seems to be willing to romance me.But Pal has a ghost comedy coming up. Isn't it? A: Yes, it is the same film as Bhooter Bhobishyot, I just changed the name. On a serious note, it is a buddy comedy that involves ghosts, but it is very early to talk about it. I am also working on a food film \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a romantic comedy between two chefs. Kunaal, are you planning to work with your younger brother Aditya Roy Kapur, who has been appreciated in films such as Action Replayy and Guzaarish? K: No, not really! I will just make him look bad on screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17068442", "title": "Focus on Pujara, Dhawan during England tour game", "text": "MUMBAI: All eyes will be on Cheteshwar Pujara during England's second tour game against Mumbai 'A' starting on Saturday. The Saurashtra batsman has been in prolific form in the lead up to India's first Test against England on November 15.Invited to represent Mumbai 'A' for this game at the DY Patil Stadium, Pujara is raring to get into Test mode in what he sees as an ideal opportunity to end any debate over that coveted No. 3 spot.Talking to TOI on the eve of their game against the visitors, Pujara said: \"I have done well against New Zealand at home, so I am quite confident ahead of the England series. England are a better side than the Kiwis and my performance has been good, too, in the domestic games this season. I have scored runs in the Times Shield, in the Challenger Trophy... I will be batting at No. 3 in the Test series, so some runs here will be really nice.\"Giving Pujara company will be Delhi opener Shikhar Dhawan , who, too, was invited to represent Mumbai after he opted out of England's practice game against India 'A'.The two will be closely watched by the selectors as Dhawan, who made way for Abhinav Mukund in the India 'A' team, could be a reserve opener in the Test squad. Both Dhawan and Pujara had featured in a high-scoring thriller in Challenger Trophy in Rajkot in September.While Dhawan had scored 152 for India A, Pujara slammed an unbeaten 158 representing India B.On Friday, Pujara stressed he didn't want to rush into the England series short of a gallop and the three-day game would allow him to gauge the visitors' bowling attack.\"I wanted to get used to the England attack and get a feel of the strategies they might have against me. It will be an opportunity to gauge their strength and weaknesses. It will be good practice before the Test series,\" he said.The match also gives Mumbai 'A' captain Suryakumar Yadav an opportunity to rub shoulders with the England players and test his batting against world-class bowlers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069565", "title": "Western Railway opens separate booking counters for women, sr citizens, physically challenged", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway has decided to set aside certain ticket-booking windows, exclusively for women, senior citizens and physically challenged commuters. As a pilot project, such a window has been opened at three stations.\"Those commuters have for long been demanding for such a facility. We have decided to experiment by opening such reserved counters at three stations, Borivli, Andheri (E) and Churchgate. If the move succeeds, similar arrangement can be extended to other stations,\" Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR.Commuters as well as railway activists are happy with the decision. Activist Samir Zaveri, who is also physically challenged, said, \"This will provide a huge relief to disabled commuters. Central Railway should also follow suit.\" Rajendra Shah, a senior citizen, said, \"Most elderly people do not know how to operate ATVMs or CVMs. The separate counter will make life a little more comfortable for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069282", "title": "Work on war footing at Ghat Ki Guni", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is working round the clock to complete the remaining work of Ghat ki Guni tunnel till middle of this month, as the Ashok Gehlot government intends to get the passage inaugurated by the UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , who is likely to revisit the state before the year-end.A day after 49 houses on either side of Transport Nagar flyover were razed, the JDA started construction and widening of the roads on war footing level. A senior official source said, \"Directions have been given to complete the work before Diwali as the state government is making every effort to get the inauguration done by the UPA chairperson.\"The JDA officials claimed that the work inside the tunnel is complete and only construction of the proposed rotary and widening of roads remains. A source said, \"At present the road near Jawahar Nagar bypass end along the flyover is 7.5 metres wide. To avoid congestion the road will be widened to 30 metres more. The work of removing the debris is on and the work will be completed by the given deadline.\"With the opening of Ghat Ki Guni tunnel project, which is aimed at providing an alternative to the narrow Jaipur-Agra Road, traffic jams will be greatly reduced in the area.According to officials, at present around 4,500 passenger car units (PCUs) ply on the route every day. Once the tunnel is opened the 2,800 metre stretch could be covered in only eight minutes from one end to the other crossing in Jhalana Hills. \"Every year the traffic is increasing by nearly 10%. The tunnel will help smooth passage of vehicles,\" said executive engineer Sanjeev Kumar Jain.Meanwhile, the Jaipur development commissioner (JDC), Kuldeep Ranka on Friday announced that all the affected house owners will get same compensation.The JDA on Thursday, after displacing 113 families, announced that the affected land owners whose plots are less 50 square metres will be provided 48 square metres, while those whose plot size is above 50 square metres will be provided land equivalent to their plot size. Also, 3,000 families will be provided to rent a house.However, the same package was not provided to the 62 families whose houses were demolished for the same project as the rent provided was Rs 1,000 per family.Announcement was also made for compensation of structures to all thdisplaced , will be provide according basic schedule rates ( BSR) rates , 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069715", "title": "Election Commission presses govt to promulgate Ordinance to ban opinion polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC), worried over the \"undue influence\" of opinion polls on voters in election-bound Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat, has been pressing the government to promulgate an Ordinance to ban conduct of opinion polls and dissemination of their results until completion of polling. The poll watchdog wrote to the law secretary twice in the past month, including as recently as October 27, seeking immediate restrictions on opinion polls in view of \"the advanced stage of Himachal polls and notification of elections in Gujarat on November 17 and 3\".\"In both these elections, the problems related to opinion polls are very much in the fore,\" the EC reminded law secretary B A Agrawal and suggested that the government take the Ordinance route to restrict opinion polls as \"it may not be possible to carry out amendment of the law through Parliamentary Act in time for the upcoming elections\". The letter also asked the law ministry to make \"paid news\" an electoral offence.Himachal polls are due on November 4, while notification for the first phase of Gujarat election will be issued on November 17. Some media houses have already conducted opinion polls, and disseminated their results for Gujarat. More such opinion polls are expected in the coming days. This is despite the EC having placed on record its reservations to opinion polls during elections, noting that their results were often \"far off the mark\" and consequently \"tend to cause prejudicial effect on the minds of electors.\"There has been no response yet from the law ministry on the EC's call for an Ordinance to ban opinion polls. Incidentally, the EC had first sought restrictions on opinion polls in the run-up to the Bihar assembly poll in 2010.Section 126A and Section 126B of the Representation of People's Act (RPA) only ban conduct of exit polls and dissemination of their results \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both in electronic media and in print \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from the date of notification of a poll to the last day of polling in a staggered election. However, no such restrictions are placed on opinion polls. At most, dissemination of results of opinion polls can be restricted for 48 hours prior to polling, that too only in the electronic media. The print media is free to conduct opinion polls and publish their results all through the poll process.The EC had, during the run-up to the last Bihar assembly poll, argued that publication or dissemination of opinion polls while the election process is still on \"defeats the very purpose and object underlying the prohibition imposed on the exit polls...(which is) to see that the electors are not unduly influenced or misinformed by such polls which, as the past experience has shown, were wide off the mark.\"An all-party meeting on the issue of exit and opinion polls in April, 2004, had unanimously favoured prohibition on publishing the results of opinion polls from the date of notification of election and a ban on exit polls until the poll is completed in all phases. However, a subsequent amendment to the RPA brought in 2010 chose to place restrictions only on exit polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070815", "title": "Film Festival may include first Indian film", "text": "KOLKATA: A bouquet of vintage classics will be screened inside a tent at the 18th Kolkata International Film Festival to recreate the first film shows that were held in the city a century ago. The shows will be punctuated by discussions and seminars on cinema and could feature silent era films, including 'Raja Harishchandra' - the first full-length Indian movie.Around 180 films from 60 countries will be shown at the festival that begins on November 10. Amitabh Bachchan will inaugurate it in the company of Shah Rukh Khan , the state's brand ambassador, it was declared at a press meet on Friday. \"We'll have all the regular sections and a few new ones. The tent has been planned as a tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema,\" said Ranjit Mallik, chairman of the festival committee.While Africa is the focus of this year's fest, a centenary tribute will be paid to director Michelangelo Antonioni with five of his feature films and eight documentaries being screened. A bicentenary homage will be paid to Charles Dickens with two films based on his novels. Retrospectives of films by Tarkovsky, Truffaut and Angelopoulos have also been lined up.Another treat for film buffs is the retrospective of legendary Greek filmmaker Michael Cacoyannis' films, which have never been screened in the city. Another first will be a section titled 'Where is the Land' that will include films related to displacement and immigration. Regular sections like contemporary world cinema, Asian select, Indian select, children's films, institutional shorts, Calcutta/Kolkata and tribute will be there. A seven-film tribute to Bachchan has been planned under the 'Big Story' section.Fifteen African films from the 1960s to 2012 will be screened under the 'Africa Calling' section. They have been selected from 11 African nations, including Mali, Chad , Senegal, South Africa, Cameroon and Congo. Films will include those by Ousmane Sembene of Senegal, Suleyman Cisse of Mali and Djibril Diop Mambety of Senegal.This could be the last time that Nandan will offer a celluloid projection facility. It's being upgraded to a digital format, said director Goutam Ghose, who is involved with the project. \"It's very sad that celluloid is being phased out. Most major festivals don't accept them now and we must go the same way.\"While the inaugural programme will be a gala affair with an orchestra by Debajyoti Mishra and a dance programme, a galaxy of Tollywood stars will add glitter to the event. The details of the closing ceremony were yet to be revealed. \"Closing ceremonies always spring a surprise and ours will be no different. It will be a grand affair as well,\" said Ghose.The film tent, named Hiralal Sen Mancha, will also host seminars on Antonioni, 100 years of Indian cinema, African cinema, and Angelopoulos.Apart from Nandan, films will be screened at Sisir Mancha, Rabindra Sadan, Purbashree, Paradise, Navina, Mitra, SRFTI and Hiralal Sen tent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17071098", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalaya Narangi to host first reunion after 41 years", "text": "GUWAHATI: Kendriya Vidyalaya Narangi will be hosting its first-ever school reunion on November 5 this year after 41 years of its establishment, organizer of the reunion Rituparna Phukan said on Friday.The school's alumni association had been meticulously planning the get-together since last year. Currently teaching in Jorhat Medical College Phukan said getting in touch with the ex-students and spreading the word was the most difficult part.\"Many ex-students have settled outside Guwahati or hold transferrable jobs in the army or elsewhere, hence, it was difficult to get in touch with them. However, we contacted them through social networking sites and word of mouth,\" the organizer said. Over a 100 members have registered for the reunion, he added.School principal J A Padmanabhan said the reunion is a good effort and it is a sort of internal assessment of the school. \"All ex-students are well-placed in society. We would be very happy to interact with them and get feedback. This will help us know how Kendriya Vidyalaya Narangi is contributing towards the society,\" he said.Rituparna Goswami, in-charge of Souvenir and Memento sub-committee says, \"We are getting a good response. We had to make a number of alterations in our programme due to last-minute rise in registration.\"Jyotinmoy Roy, a committee member said, \"We plan to conduct a number of games like tug-of-war, football matches and cultural programmes as well. Singing and drawing competitions will also be organized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069092", "title": "Green tribunal slams govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The southern bench of the National Green Tribunal has come down strongly on the Tamil Nadu public works department (PWD) for not executing an order of the NGT's apex bench for safe disposal of construction debris and removal of a road near the Marina Beach.Taking up the first case after it was formed on Friday, the two-member bench of Justice M Chockalingam, judicial member, and professor R Nagendran, expert member, directed the state government to submit an action taken report at the next hearing on November 22. The respondents include secretary to the union ministry for environment and forests, TN state coastal zone management authority and PWD. \"How many status reports will you (PWD) file? We want an action plan and the debris should be removed properly,\" said Justice Chockalingam while hearing a petition.According to the petition filed by K Saravanan, a member of the Urur Kuppam fishermen's panchayat and an RTI activist, on January 20 he saw a road being laid with construction debris in Srinivasapuram to mine sand from the Adyar river basin. The sand was meant to raise the level of land at the thermal power plant in Ennore, a low-lying area. \"The PWD dumped construction debris barely 15 metres from the waterline near the Adyar estuary in Srinivasapuram, levelled the debris and laid a 200-metre-long and 3.5-metre-wide road. This violated provision of the coastal regulation zone notification 2011,\" the petitioner said.No beach cleaning machines were used to remove the debris, he said adding that heavy earth-movers were used, another violation of the coastal regulation zone notification 2011. After an order of the NGT's apex bench, the construction debris was removed from Srinivasapuram and dumped near Pattinapakkam, closer to the Marina, the petitioner said. \"Removing debris and dumping it close to the beach itself will serve no purpose,\" said Justice Chockalingam.In his submission, additional advocate general U S Sethuraman said the road laid with debris was removed and the debris taken to the Adyar creek. While transporting it, a few loads of debris were diverted by Chennai corporation officials and police to form a platform for placing Ganesh idols before immersion. The portion of beach near the Adyar river was cleared, Sethuraman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070605", "title": "Bank expo starts today", "text": "MANGALORE: City-based Corporation Bank will organize a two-day `Home and Vehicle Loan Expo'' at SDM Law College from Saturday.For the current festival season, the bank has launched 'Grand Festival Bonanza' for various loan schemes and SME Credit Schemes of the Bank for a limited period.The various offers under Grand Festival Bonanza are as follows: Corp Home housing loans under floating rate of interest are offered at 10.50% pa for all tenors for loan amount up to Rs. 50 lakh and at 10.75% pa for amount up to Rs 1 crore and at 11% for amount above Rs 1 crore. Processing charges are fully waived.People can visit the fair from 3pm to 8pm on Saturday and 10am to 8pm on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073095", "title": "DSP starts composing music for Bhai", "text": "Devi Sri Prasad has started working on the tunes for his forthcoming movie Bhai, starring Nagarjuna. The music director, along with team, has begun composing the music and is expected to complete by the end of the year. Devi earlier worked for Nagarjuna's films like Manmadhudu, King, Damarukam, etc. and all these films have been musical hits.Bhai is directed by Veerabhadram Chowdary and produced by Nagarjuna under Annapurna Studios banner. The film is likely to likely to go on floors in December after Nag wraps up Love Story (tentatively titled). Richa Gangopadhyay will be playing the female lead in this film, which is expected to be an action entertainer in a mafia backdrop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069470", "title": "Another angioplasty for Uddhav tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray will undergo the second phase of his heart treatment at Bandra's Lilavati Hospital on Sunday.\"He will get admitted to the hospital early on Sunday,\" said a high-ranking party official.Uddhav (51) underwent an angioplasty in July after doctors discovered multi-vessel blockages. Cardiologists Matthew Samuel Kalarickel and Ajit Menon used eight stents to clear some of the blockages, indicating that he would need another round of angioplasty.\"November 4 had long ago been fixed as the date of his second angioplasty. He saw no reason to change it,\" said a close family friend. Uddhav told reporters on Friday, \"I am going to follow all the phases of my medication. There is no cause for worry.\"Lilavati Hospital's Dr Jalil Parker, who is both Uddhav and Bal Thackeray's physician, was not available for comment. However, sources in the hospital said Uddhav might need one more stent for his heart blockage.It could be recalled that Uddhav was advised to undergo a cardiac bypass to fix his triple-vessel disease, but he opted for the minimally invasive method of angioplasty.The team of Dr Kalarickel and Dr Menon, the doctors who conducted the angioplasty on Uddhav, is the same that had done the procedure on his father in July 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17069322", "title": "Figo fulfills Mumbai girl's dream", "text": "MARGAO: Nimmi Sodhi would probably keep the Luis Figo t-shirt on for another day.Along with her mother Jaroo, Nimmi travelled from Mumbai to meet her football hero and got more than her monies worth when the Portuguese legend stopped, chatted, posed for pictures and signed on anything that was presented to him. All this at 4.30 in the morning on Thursday.\"We were lucky to catch him at the hotel when he checked in. We were the only ones in the lobby apart from another fan, who, just like us, also had a field day,\" said Jaroo, still coming to terms with their meeting with the Portuguese legend.Nothing of this came cheap or easy, though. The mother-daughter duo meticulously planned their travel, stayed at the same expensive hotel where Figo was put up and stayed awake all through the night. \"In between (at night) we managed to catch Chelsea's Cup match against Manchester United but the excitement of meeting Figo was too much of a distraction,\" said Nimmi, whose mobile cover also has a smiling Figo picture.When Figo checked in at the hotel at 4.30am, he was evidently tired after a long journey. The posse of policemen did try to keep anyone getting close to him at an arms length, but the visitors managed to catch Figo's attention. And once they were within handshaking distance of the legend, there was no stopping.The next morning, the duo were at the hotel again, this time waiting patiently for Figo to finish his coffee and, surprise, surprise, meet them for the second time in six hours.\"This has been a wonderful treat. He is amazingly humble and made our journey worthwhile,\" said Jaroo.It's not the first time that the mother-daughter duo have travelled the distance to meet a legend. A couple of years ago they flew down to Chennai where, in another amazing lucky trail, managed to have a word with Rafael Nadal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070434", "title": "Congress leaders against 'hasty' approval of DP", "text": "PUNE: Congress corporators on Friday warned party leadership against 'haste' in approving the Development Plan (DP) for the old city area and demanded that views of all party corporators be considered before final approval.City Congress chief Abhay Chhajed convened a meeting of party corporators where some expressed unhappiness over the party's stand in the PMC. \"The party is struggling to maintain its say in the PMC and is being dragged by the NCP. Congress has lost its independent existence and is playing second fiddle to the NCP. The NCP is now insisting on immediate approval of the DP. Congress should not follow NCP's orders,\" said a senior corporator.Leader of the party in the PMC, Arvind Shinde, said, \"The party will consider all views and then take a final call. We will also discuss the plan with senior party leaders and MLAs. We are not in hurry to approve the DP.\"Meanwhile, suspended Congress MP Suresh Kalmadi on Friday summoned a couple of senior Congress leaders and corporators to discuss the DP. Kalmadi supporters in the Congress stand divided on the DP and the leader had to intervene. \"The party has decided that the DP will not be approved in a hurry and also the Congress will raise objections to change in reservations. The Congress is committed to a green DP\" said a senior party leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17071219", "title": "SC upholds life term for woman, accomplices in Trichy ashram murder", "text": "TRICHY: The Supreme Court on Friday upheld a Madras high court judgment awarding life sentence to four people, including Jayanthi Mathaji who was then running an ashram in Trichy's K K Nagar for the murder of her disciple Leelavathi, a teacher.Leelavathi was torched to death in 2000, and the matter came to light only after a couple of weeks, following a complaint from another disciple.Jayanthi Mathaji was running an ashram at Kumarapalayam near Pudukkottai where Leelavathi had joined as her disciple. According to police, Mathaji was said to be in a relationship with her ashram manager Thiriputhra and the matter came to Leelavathi's notice. Leelavathi used to take tuitions for Mathaji's daughter Sreedevi.When Leelavathi went missing for a couple of weeks, Mathaji reportedly told the commune members that Leelavathi had died due to heart attack and was cremated at her house in K K Nagar in the outskirts of the city. It later transpired that Leelavathi, who knew about the relationship between Mathaji and Thiriputhra, and was deemed to be a hindrance and they tried to eliminate her. The matter was then leaked to the police by an inmate.Police filed a case of murder against Mathaji, the prime accused, her son Chinna Sathya, Thiriputhra, his son Periya Sathya, a disciple name Iyyappan, and a watchman. Trichy sessions court had found them guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17070957", "title": "Cops moot monitoring plan to check road accidents", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With increasing road mishaps and casualties on city streets and highways, the traffic police have mooted a proposal to continuously monitor road safety measures as well as act on suggestions and complaints made by commuters.With various activities are underway to observe traffic fortnight, traffic police officials believe that they have been interacting with citizens/road users seeking their active cooperation to make roads more safe and sound.Traffic inspector IP Singh said, \"We are looking into road safety measures which also include monitoring of services of ambulances and cranes and would be encouraging locals of a particular areas (black spots) with an objective that medical assistance could be immediately offered to road accident victims if concerned authorities getting inputs on time.\"While district authorities with the help of health department have planned to depute ambulances on highways -- Allahabad-Kanpur, Allahabad-Rewa, Allahabad-Mirzapur-Varanasi and Allahabad-Lucknow, similarly cranes would also be available on highways to check cases of road jams.The officers are being asked to maintain a database on road accidents, as well as accident prevention measures at 'accident prone areas' on city streets and connecting highways. The senior traffic police officials would be interacting with citizens with an objective to improve the traffic situation and any complaints or suggestions related to traffic conditions and road safety would be entertained.Even the ministry of road transport and highways has observed that accidents on national highways constitute 31% of the total accidents in the country. About 36% of total road fatalities every year occur on national highways.Traffic police aims to provide road safety education among masses, especially youngsters, and make their reach out to every commuter. \"If we go through the reasons behind road mishaps in terms of fatal and non-fatal category, negligence on the part of road user was held responsible behind it,\" said a senior cop, adding \" following the traffic norms is the only solution to check the cases of road mishaps.\"With over 4.5 lakh on road vehicles in the city and adjoining areas, it's responsibility of every commuter to follow traffic rules and regulations.While the analysis of road accident data revealed that driver's fault is the single most important factor responsible for road mishaps (78%), more stress is being laid to educate and aware drivers regarding road safety norms. The ministry of road Transport and Highways has taken measures to minimize road mishaps across the country i.e. road safety has been made an integral part of road design at the planning stage, road safety audit of selected stretches of national highwaysexpressways, establishments of driving training institutes and tightening of safety standards of vehicles like helmets, seat belts, power-steering, rear view mirror and publicity campaigns on road safety awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17071463", "title": "Fasih in Bangalore , will be grilled", "text": "BANGALORE: Fasih Mohammed, one of the main suspects in the April 2010 Chinnaswamy Stadium twin blasts, was brought to the city on Friday.The 28-year-old was flown in after Bangalore police obtained the transit warrant from a court to bring him from New Delhi on Thursday. He was being interrogated by Delhi police for alleged involvement in the September 2010 Jama Masjid blast. Delhi police handed him over to a team of Bangalore officers.Fasih claimed he hailed from Barh Samaila village in Darbhanga, Bihar, and that he had done a mechanical engineering course from Anjuman Engineering College in Bhatkal , Uttar Kannada.Nabbed by Saudi Arabian police, he was deported to India on October 21 following a red-corner notice issued against him by the CBI to Interpol for involvement in the two blasts.Fasih was earlier taken into custody by Saudi police with the help of Indian authorities on May 13 from his house in Jubail there. He was in a Saudi prison for five months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073190", "title": "DiCaprio splits with Victoria's Secret Angel Erin", "text": "Leonardo DiCaprio and his supermodel girlfriend Erin Heatherton have reportedly split after dating for nearly a year.The 'Titanic' star and the Victoria's Secret Angel, who had been dating since December 2011, broke up last week, sources confirmed to the New York Post .Dicaprio is in New York filming 'The Wolf of Wall Street' and was seen partying with lots of models on Wednesday night at Cipri42nd Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17072317", "title": "Hardus Viljoen takes six as Lions coast to 269-run win", "text": "MUMBAI: Hardus Viljoen propelled the bizhub Highveld Lions to an emphatic 269-run victory in the Momentum One-Day Cup game against the Nashua Titans as he rocked the home side with a magnificent demonstration of raw pace at SuperSport Park in Centurion on Friday.The Lions scored 329 for six thanks to a superb 125 off 122 balls by their captain, Stephen Cook, including twelve fours and a six. Cook featured in a 161-run partnership for the opening wicket with Gulam Bodi in 27.2 overs. Bodi hit 71 off 83 balls, with two fours and two sixes.The 23-year old Viljoen then produced an excellent new-ball-spell by capturing 6-19 in nine overs as the hosts were dismissed for a paltry 60.At one stage, they were on 34 for nine.A flurry of boundaries by David Wiese, who scored 24 off 26 balls, helped them to save face to a degree. Yet, their total is comfortably the lowest yet in a domestic limited-over competition.Viljoen ripped through the top-order by removing Henry Davids for a duck in his first over and Pieter Malan for six in his second. He bowled with tremendous pace, bounce and movement. Davids was bowled by a delivery that moved back off the seam and removed his off-stump. Malan attempted an ambitious drive off a delivery that held its line at 147.2 kilometres per hour and was caught by Neil McKenzie for 6.Chris Morris, Viljoen's new-ball partner, bowled with good rhythm. He got his reward when Mangaliso Mosehle tried to play a cut shot, but he holed out to Gulam Bodi on the third-man boundary for 3 to leave the Titans tottering on 19 for three.Martin van Jaarsveld attempted to fight fire with fire, but he departed in similar fashion to Mosehle. The Titans captain attempted an upper cut and was caught on the third-man boundary by O' Reilly off Viljoen for 10.Viljoen kept the pressure on the batting side with intimidating and hostile bowling. He had Farhaan Behardien caught at second slip by Zander de Bruyn for 1 when he sparred at a delivery just short of a length. Roelof van der Merwe attempted to hit a lifter by Viljoen over point for maximum, but was caught at third man by O' Reilly in similar fashion to Van Jaarsveld, for a duck.With his departure, the Titans slipped to 21 for six. O' Reilly's double-strike in his first over compounded the Titans' misery. He trapped CJ de Villiers in front for eight and had Paul Harris caught behind with his next delivery for a duck as the Titans were reduced to 30 for eight.Viljoen produced another ripper of a delivery that was edged by Ethy Mbhalati to McKenzie at second slip. He departed for a duck. O' Reilly finished proceedings when he removed Rowan Richards with a yorker for 4. O' Reilly captured 3-30 in 3.5 overs. Wiese was the only batsman that emerged from the carnage with an air of respectability.Earlier, the Titans won the toss and elected to bowl on a slow pitch.The bowling attack lacked pace, penetration and discipline. Bodi and Cook benefited from a poor bowling display by Richards. They used their wrists very well to manipulate the ball through the inner ring. Cook was particularly forceful square of the wicket and raced to his fourth limited-over century off only 107 balls. He proceeded to 125, a career-best for Cook in limited-overs competitions, before he was run out after a mix-up with McKenzie. Bodi attempted a sweep shot off the left-arm spinner Harris and top-edged it to square leg, where Richards held on to a good catch.After his departure, the Lions temporarily lost their way, as the visitors struggled to maintain their momentum. Quinton de Kock attempted to muscle a delivery by Ethy Mbhalati to midwicket and was caught by Mosehle for 19. Grant Mokoena was bowled by an excellent yorker from De Villiers for 6.McKenzie attempted a rash shot over extra cover and was caught off Harris for 15, leaving the Lions on 255 for five. But a late cameo by Jean Symes helped the Lions to regain their momentum. Symes scored 43 off 27 balls, with five fours and two sixes. The final five overs produced 62 runs. Symes and Morris belted 25 runs in the final over, bowled by Richards. Symes was particularly effective on the leg side and carved his two sixes over mid-on and deep midwicket in the final over. Mbhalati, with 1-38 in ten overs, was the pick of the attack.The Teams:Nashua Titans: Martin van Jaarsveld (captain), Henry Davids, Pieter Malan, Mangaliso Mosehle, Farhaan Behardien, David Wiese, Roelof van der Merwe, CJ de Villiers, Rowan Richards, Ethy Mbhalati, Paul Harrisbizhub Highveld Lions: Stephen Cook (captain), Gulam Bodi,Quintus de Kock, Neil McKenzie, Zander de Bruyn, Jean Symes, Aaron Phangiso, Chris Morris, Hardus Viljoen, Ethan O' Reilly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17070176", "title": "Salman Khurshid takes a jibe at IAC", "text": "GURGAON: Foreign minister Salman Khurshid said on Friday that he was not going to get bogged down by the campaign launched against him by India Against Corruption (IAC), insisting that he had the responsibility to speak for India \"with or without banners\". In fact, Khurshid couldn't resist taking a jibe at IAC when he expressed hope that questions posed to him as the foreign minister would be tougher than those from the anti-graft body.\"The foreign minister's role is to represent India globally rather than getting distracted by any dissent in the country,\" he said.Asked about the clash on Wednesday between his supporters and IAC in his Lok Sabha constituency of Farrukhabad, he said, \"I am not sure that anyone is moving residence to my constituency and if they are they will be shifting their focus to one constituency. As a foreign minister I represent the nation abroad, not a party.\"\"We have responsibility to speak for India with or without banners. I don't speak for any segment or a community. As far as handling any dissent in concerned, there are a number of people and party officials who are mandated to deal with subjects under their purview,\" added Khurshid.IAC's Arvind Kejriwal had announced in Farrukhabad on Wednesday that he will not be cowed down by Khurshid's supporters and that he will keep coming back to carry out his campaign against him.Khurshid also described as completely baseless allegations made by Subramanian Swamy against Sonia and Rahul Gandhi. \"I am surprised to see the allegations. Constantly the companies make amendments in their constitution - in this case it is a non profit company formed under section 25 (of Companies' Act).\"Absolutely there is no basis for any allegation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068817", "title": "Sushil Chandra Verma Award to outstanding employee", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has introduced Sushil Chandra Verma Award Scheme to encourage government officers and employees to give outstanding performance while discharging official duty. The award will be given for remarkable contribution in the implementation of the state government's various schemes and innovations made for good governance. The award will be given on the basis of performance during the preceding year. The state-level awardee under Sushil Chandra Verma Award Scheme will be selected from among the winners of division-level winners. Prizes at the division and district levels will be decided by concerning departments.The state-level prize winner will be given Rs 50,000. Other awards will be of less amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17069427", "title": "Man kills cousin with spade", "text": "GURGAON: A man allegedly killed his cousin following a dispute with him in Khutpuri village. Two days ago there was a fight between the two the accused ended up killing his 30-year-old cousin.On Friday police arrested and interrogated the accused man, Jagdish, who had hit his cousin, Sanjay, with a spade in a fit of rage following a dispute over a petty issue, and were to produce him in a city court on Saturday. According to police, the families of Jagdish and Sanjay were living together in Khutpuri village in Sohna area and working as farmers on a villager's land.There was some violence between the two a couple of days ago and family members had mediated and calmed them down. However, Sanjay could not overcome his revengeful feelings and attacked Jagdish on Thursday night. After hitting Jagdish with a spade on the head, Sanjay fled the spot.On Friday morning, the victim Sanjay's father, Shrichand, lodged a complaint %with police saying that his son was killed by his brother's son Jagdish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "the seventh day of the times ahmedabad festival had the atmospherics of a rock show in full blaze", "code": "17070579", "title": "Rock storm hits Ahmedabad", "text": "The seventh day of the Times Ahmedabad Festival had the atmospherics of a rock show in full blaze: whiplash of energy, entranced head bangers, frenetic air guitarists, and enthusiastic hummers. They were all fired up by the explosion of Parikrama, India's pioneering rock-and-roll band.It seemed Amdavad has an old friendship with the band as the crowd at the Vastrapur amphitheatre cheered wildly when Parikrama set foot on the stage. That relationship was confirmed when the band played its first song, 'Am I Dreaming'. The crowd surged towards the stage, swaying their hands, waving their mobile phones as though they were torches, and singing along with the lead vocalist Nitin Malik.Parikrama's extraordinary fusion of Indian classical instruments like mridangam, tabla and flute with instruments like guitar, drums and keyboards stoked a frenzy. Indeed, the jugalbandi between the musicians ignited the wintry Friday of the festival, the hospitality partner of which is Ista Hotels. \"Music should be free. That is why, over the past 21 years, we have let our music be downloaded by our fans free of cost,\" said Malik.The band belted out one original track after another. 'Roll it' followed 'Tears of the Wizard', a song inspired by the 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy to which the guitarist, Sonam Sherpa, added a fabulous centrepiece. The uber-talented violinist, Imran Khan , added to the evening's allure with a brilliant piece, 'Open Skies'.Legends such as Iron Maiden and Deep Purple were recalled through their all-time great hits like 'Fear of the Dark' and 'In the Middle of the Night'. The evening ended with AC/DC's 'Highway to Hell', a song that promised to 'bring the house down'. And all like Parikrima vows, this promise was delivered too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069110", "title": "Chennai swelters after cyclone Nilam", "text": "CHENNAI: Two days after cyclone Nilam, the heat was back. The maximum temperature in Nungambakkam on Friday was 33.6C, a rise of seven degrees from the 26.8C recorded on Tuesday. The minimum temperature was also almost five degrees higher at 25.6CMet officials said nearly 4cm of rain on Tuesday and winds reaching speeds of 60kmph on Wednesday ensured that temperature remained low. \"The skies cleared as soon the cyclone crossed the coast between Mamallapuram and Kalpakkam,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director of India Meteorological Department.On Tuesday, the air was saturated with the relative humidity touching 98%. On Wednesday, it was 95% and the following days it dipped to 70s. The two days of cool weather came as a relief. \"I made the most of it. On the day of the cyclone, I went to the beach. It didn't feel like I was in Chennai,\" said R Arvind of T Nagar.Met officials say higher temperatures are natural. \"The usual pattern of hot westerly winds is back. The easterly winds blowing from the sea are either weak or absent, therefore the moderating effect is missing, causing the temperature to rise to 2-3C above normal,\" said Raj. The weather will remain the same for the next three days. \"There might be an occasional spell of rain, but we are not expecting any major systems,\" he said.Going by November's record, Chennai is entering its wettest and coldest month of the year. The highest temperature recorded in November since 2002 was 33.9C on November 3, 2008. According to data from 1971 to 2000, the average maximum mean temperature for November is 29.6C and minimum is 23C. In the same period, November got 407.4mm of rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069137", "title": "State govt shielding Kataria: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP on Friday lashed out at the Congress, claiming that the state government was trying to shield newly appointed Union minister of state Lal Chand Kataria who has been named in an FIR for a murder case.Party spokesperson in the state Sunil Bhargav said Kataria's inclusion seemed a decision taken in a hurry and a political move made to ensure that other Jat leaders of the state don't grow stronger.\"Judging from reports, it is obvious that Kataria was neither the first choice nor was there any time for the PMO to check on his background,'' Bhargav said. He claimed that the state government is now trying to shield Kataria. \"While the SC is questioning Kataria's role, chief minister Ashok Gehlot is defending him and such statements are likely to have an impact on the investigations in the case,'' Bhargav said.The state BJP also claimed that Kataria's inclusion during the recent reshuffle of the Union cabinet had caused a major embarrassment for both the PMO and the Congress. \"It is rather embarrassing for the Prime Minister who inducted Kataria in his team without checking his background,'' Bhargav said. He added that the \"goof-up\" on Kataria's portfolio had further added to the embarrassment.A day after he was sworn in, the Supreme Court on Monday issued a notice to Kataria and Rajasthan government as to why a CBI probe should not be ordered against him (Kataria) for his alleged involvement in the murder Banshidhar Jat. Jat was murdered in June 2011 and his son Rahendra in December 2011 had filed another FIR in the case alleging the minister had threatened him and wanted him to withdraw the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069350", "title": "HC directs Valanka to pay costs of Rs 1,500", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently imposed costs of 1,500 on former PWD minister Churchill Alemao's daughter Valanka, for wrongly making the returning officer of the Benaulim legislative assembly constituency a respondent in her election petition.Valanka, who lost the 2012 assembly election, had filed the election petition challenging Goa Vikas Party (GVP) MLA Caetano 'Caitu' D'Silva's election to the Goa assembly, alleging that he holds dual citizenship.Justice A P Lavande allowed an application filed by the returning officer seeking the deletion of his name from the cause title of the election petition on the grounds that he has been wrongly made a respondent in the petition.Advocate S R Rivankar, who appeared for the applicant officer, argued that \"only parties mentioned in Section 82 of the Representation of People's Act can be made parties to the election petition and that the applicant, who has been made a respondent is neither necessary nor a proper party\".The single bench held that in view of Section 82, the petitioner ought not to have \"joined\" the returning officer in the election petition. In any case, the issue is squarely covered against the petitioner by the judgment of the Apex Court which has held that even if the allegations are made against the returning officer, he cannot be termed as a proper party. Therefore, the applicant is entitled to contend that he deserves to be deleted from the cause title of the petition, the court said.Valanka has, in the main petition, prayed for D'Silva's disqualification on the grounds that had acquired a Portuguese passport on July 21, 2010, and had now allegedly attained citizenship of that country. Valanka prayed that the election be invalidated, because D'Silva has ceased to be an Indian citizen .The court heard the arguments in the election petition and adjourned the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17070154", "title": "Cops withdrawn from Asthana allege harassment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite the suspension of IGP SK Asthana by the Punjab government for retaining unauthorized manpower, some of the cops who were sent back on their respective places of posting have alleged that they are being harassed by the department for complaining about the matter. This was stated before the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday through an application filed with the ongoing petition on the issue.Arguing on behalf of the police personnel, advocate A K Walia informed the court that around six-seven cops who were withdrawn from Asthana's residence were sent to Police Line, Patiala, but not given any posting orders. He said these cops were also being victimized by the department by opening up departmental proceedings against them in some old pending issues.The counsel prayed the court for directions to give place of postings to all these cops.Acting on the application, a division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri directed the Punjab government to file a reply on the contentions raised by the cops on December 6.Meanwhile, the Punjab government on Friday informed the HC in an affidavit that all the cops attached with Asthana had been sent back to their districts and the officer placed under suspension. The matter was brought in the knowledge of HC on October 11 through a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Panchkula resident S K Nayyar.The petitioner submitted that during his tenure as SSP in various districts of Punjab from 2002 to 2008 and thereafter as DIG Patiala and Bathinda, several personnel from the rank of constable to head constable were deputed at Asthana's residence and that he has since retained them all and was using them as domestic help. He had alleged that most of these cops come from their respective districts and report to Asthana's residence in Chandigarh at 9am and remained there till 8pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17070523", "title": "A year on, Osaney bridge lies without repair", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The residents of 12 villages, falling under the districts of Palamu and Latehar, are being forced to take circuitous routes to Daltonganj in Palamu and Barwadeeh in Latehar, owing to the collapse of Osaney bridge, more than a year ago. Fifteen kilometers from Daltonganj, the Osaney bridge connects Palamu Tiger Project's tourist spot, Kechki to Daltonganj. Close to it is the railway bridge of Coal India Chord.Binod Ram (32), a resident of village Osaney said, \"It is more than a year now that the bridge, about 230 metres long, has been lying without repair since the night of August 18, 2011, when heavy rains washed away three of its big slabs. We have been going through a harrowing time but no one in the government seems to care.\"Built in 2008 by the rural development special division engineering cell with an investment of more than Rs 6 crore, the foundation stone of the bridge was laid by Arjun Munda.Students of around 10 villages falling within the radius of this bridge used to negotiate the distance everyday to board the train for Daltonganj from Kechki railway station. But for the past one year, the students are taking longer hours and having to spend more money to reach Daltonganj.District president of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha- Prajatantrik (JVM-P) Avinash Kumar Verma said, \"Last year, rain washed out two bridges, one being Osaney and the other Talhey. The Talhey bridge was reconstructed in less than a year's time and connects Palamu to Chhatisgarh via Garhwa. No work has been started on the Osaney bridge in the last one year but it has been opened to public. As Talhey bridge is on NH-75, it got readied in less than a year while Osaney bridge just connects villages to tourist circuit and is in a shambles owing to the indifferent attitude of the goverrnment.\"When contacted, Pooja Singhal, the Palamu deputy commissioner, told TOI that the matter relateds to Osaney bridge will be looked into and efforts were on to rebuild it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070411", "title": "Bodies of mother, daughter fished out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Adalaj police fished out the bodies of a girl and a woman from the Narmada canal near Sughad village late on Thursday night. The duo were identified as residents of Vadaj in Ahmedabad who were reported missing on October 31 with Naranpura police. The woman's father filed a complaint of abetment to suicide and mental and physical harassment with Naranpura police.According to Adalaj police, Gandhinagar fire brigade fished out two bodies from the Narmada canal after spotted them on Thursday evening. The woman was dressed in sari and the child was in a school uniform along with her kit. Documents recovered identified them as Kiran Chauhan, 28, and her daughter Janki, 8, residents of Shivam Apartment in Nava Vadaj.S G Parmar, in-charge inspector of Adalaj police station, told TOI that they contacted Naranpura police about the find when they found out that the duo was reported missing by Kiran's husband Dharmendrasinh Chauhan on October 31. \"According to his complaint, Kiran went to Janki's school on October 30 to pick her up in the evening. The duo could not be traced after that. We called him and he identified the two bodies,\" he said.Parmar added that primary investigation revealed that there was altercation between the husband and wife and they had a major scuffle on October 30 before she left home. \"Kiran's father Kanuji Chavda filed a complaint against Dharmendrasinh, his parents and relatives for abetment to suicide and mental and physical harassment. We have transferred the case to Naranpura police for further investigation,\" he added.Investigators said they are not sure where the duo jumped into the canal. They added that the duo might have taken a vehicle to the canal on October 30 and jumped to their deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17070698", "title": "Gujarat polls: Congress suspends Gandhinagar mayor", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069301", "title": "17-year-old boy assaulted", "text": "NAGPUR: Three youths were arrested for assaulting a 17-year-old boy near Laxmi Nagar on Thursday night. Shubham Vahane said before attacking him, the youths warned him for talking to Mayuri Pimpalkar.Dhantoli police have arrested Sachin Sonbawne (23), Deepak Raghtate (20) and Vishal Dhakulkar (20), all residents of Kranti House Square in Somalwada. Cops suspect a love affair behind the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17068945", "title": "Campaigners ensure food doesn't go waste", "text": "MYSORE: This is an initiative that offers food for thought. An organization in Kushalnagar, Kodagu district, makes sure that excess food from wedding feasts and other social events is utilized well and not wasted. Aahara Samrakshana Abhiyana Samiti ensures that the food is not discarded and reaches the needy.Thousands of weddings and other social gatherings take place every day in the state but almost a fifth of the food served is usually thrown away, says Samiti convenor N K Mohankumar. Their aim: to ensure there's food on everyone's plate. Reason why Mohankumar is also at the forefront of a food conservation campaign. The Samiti's slogan is \"Tinnuva hakkide, bisaduava hakku namagilla/ Agatyakintha hechhagi badisikondu chelladiri (We have the right to eat and not to throw away/Don't serve excess food and waste it)\". Mohankumar has been spreading this message in Kushalnagar for the past three years and plans to take it across the state.Says Mohankumar: \"We have been witnessing dry spells in the state for a year and if we waste so much food there will be food crisis. We have run campaigns in schools and colleges, conducted essay and speech competitions and some 20,000 students have taken the pledge to conserve food.\"Apart from this, members of the Samiti visit marriage halls, hostels and social events where they distribute handouts on food conservation. They have also put up boards at places where food is served for mass gatherings. For instance, at pilgrim spots like Hornadu, Dharmasthala and Subramanya.Speaking on the rampant food waste culture, Mohankumar says that human beings, on an average, consume only 40% of food and throw away the rest. They fail to understand the toil put in by the farmer to ensure food reaches the table of every household. It's important to understand how food is sourced and why it shouldn't be wasted, especially when a huge population in the country survives on just one meal a day, says Mohankumar.The food campaign is being extended to all districts through zilla panchayats. ZPs in Shimoga, Hassan, Mandya, Chikmagalur and Kolar have evinced interest in the programme, says Mohankumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070883", "title": "Ficci to organize the National Executive Council meeting in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: There is some good news for the Mamata Banerjee government at a time when the image of the state has almost hit rock bottom in corporate circle following Haldia controversy. FICCI, one of the three apex chambers of the country, has decided to organize the National Executive Council meeting here in Kolkata next week after 18 months. This is first mega visit of the FImembers following its open letter to the state government seeking release of AMRI directors from the judicial custody in last December.The entire national executive committee of this apex chamber will be in the city for two days to attend this high-profile meeting. It is learnt that the FICCI team will meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday after first round of the executive panel meet.When contacted, FICCI president R V Kanoria confirmed the development. \" Yes , our national executive committee meeting will be held in Kolkata. FICCI has old relationship with the city,\" he added.When asked whether there is any chance left for industrial resurgence of Bengal, once the most industrialized state in India along with Maharashtra, Kanoria made it clear that the apex chamber is confidant that there will be a turnaround.\"There will be resurgence and we have no doubt about this,\" he added.Kanoria pointed out that the state government has already taken some positive steps. \"It has introduced single window for industry. Besides, the state government is strengthening e-governance. The state finance minister , Amit Mitra, is going to the UK to boost the prospect of Bengal. It is also organizing an industry fair in Haldia which is good initiative. These are really positive developments. We have also sought appointment with the chief minister,\" he added.Big names in corporate India will be present during the meeting with Mamata Banerjee. These include next FICCI president and HSBC India country head Nainalal Kidwai, ACC MD and CEO Kuldip Kaura, Asian Paints vice chairman A Dani, Goldman Sachs India chairman Sanjoy Chatterjee, S K Birla Group chairman Siddharth Birla, Sarro Poddar, chairman Texmaco, Zuari Industries .Other big names who are likely to attend the National Executive Committee meeting includes O P Lohia, chairman Indo-Rama Synthetics, G P Goenka, chairman Duncan Goenka Group, Sanjiv Bikchandani, chairman Naukri.com, Taranjit Singh, MD JIS Group, C S Nopany, CMD Oudh Sugar , P Patodia, director Grant Thorton and Sarthak Behuria, Group president K K Modi Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070860", "title": "Centre-Mamata tiff hits East-West Metro work", "text": "KOLKATA: The East-West Metro has run into severe funds crunch, following the Bengal government's refusal to transfer its equity to the ministry of railways.The tiff between the UPA-run Centre and the Trinamool-run state government has also led to a loss of Rs 146 crore for the bankrupt Bengal. The Centre has decided to convert the money contributed by Bengal into subordinate debt. So, the state government will be reimbursed only after the loan by Japan International Cooperation Agency (Jica) is repaid, 20 years from now.The Japanese funding agency had promised to lend Rs 2,253 crore for the estimated Rs 4,874-crore East West Metro project. The loan once paid can't be repaid in the near future.But the loss is greater for the East-West Metro project, which has run into severe funds crunch. Union urban development secretary and chairman, Kolkata Metro Railways Corporation Limited (KMRCL), said: \"The situation is grave. We shall write to both the ministry of railways and the Bengal government to resolve the issue immediately so that the project can move.\"According to the initial agreement, the Centre and the Bengal government would have together paid Rs 1,402.1 crore for the East-West Metro corridor, which will connect Howrah and Sealdah stations with the tracks crossing the Hooghly. By way of a Cabinet decision earlier this year, KMRCL is supposed to be run by the ministry of railways with the Bengal government giving up its 50% equity and the ministry of urban development (MoUD) transferring 24% of its 50% equity.The arrangement took place at the behest of chief minister Mamata Banerjee whose party was then in charge of the railway ministry. As part of the UPA-II, Mamata had been desperate to transfer KMRCL to the railways since it would save the cash-strapped state exchequer from spending Rs 701.05 crore (50 % equity). But now with the Trinamool Congress out of the coalition at the Centre, the Mamata government seems in no hurry to effect the transfer - especially after learning that it would not get back the Rs 146 crore in the near future. It is dragging its feet on sending a formal letter to the ministry of railways for the handover.In KMRCL's current state, the MoUD, which has already contributed Rs 234 crore or 16.64% of its equity, is unable to pay the rest of its equity money of Rs 130.32 crore. The MoUD is supposed to pay off the remaining equity share of 9.31% to KMRCL. And the ministry of railways is supposed to pay Rs 554.5 crore as contribution that was earlier earmarked for the Bengal government.But the ministry, which only has the 24% equity (transferred by MoUD) at its disposal and is yet to get the rest of the 50% equity of KMRCL from the Bengal government, is unable to disburse funds. Consequently, no money is being released for carrying out the East-West Metro project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17069697", "title": "Social issues take centre stage", "text": "LUDHIANA: Different shades of social, political and emotional aspects of life were presented on the fifth day of youth festival at GADVASU, Ludhiana, on Friday. The day included events like mime, mimicry, mono acting and one-act plays.During the morning session a quiz competition was held, while the evening session was reserved for theatrical events. During the day, one-act plays showcased the social and family issues along with political concerns. Pali Bhupinder's play \"Ik kudi zindagi udeekdi\" addressed the issue of child sex abuse, the mental trauma and social taboos of the victim, while play \"Daldal\" highlighted the debt ridden peasantry's problems highlighting the vicious cycle of troubles of a tiller. Another play \"Salwan\" written by Ajmer Aulakh revealed the problem of suppressed female community in the modern era and play \"Attay diyan chidiyan\" narrated the miseries of girl's life. Meanwhile, professor Kulbir Malik's written play \"The Dream\" conveyed the woes of child labour in a painful social setup. Finally, play \"Jihad\" written by Ranjit Tapiala showcased the fabricated illusion of religious and political notions. The venue of these events was open air theatre at PAU.Ludhiana: Different shades of social, political and emotional aspects of life were presented on the fifth day of youth festival at GADVASU, Ludhiana, on Friday. The day included events like mime, mimicry, mono acting and one-act plays. In the event all the three colleges at campus along with School of Animal Biotechnology, Vet Polytechnic College Kaljharani, Khalsa College of Veterinary &amp; Animal Sciences, Amritsar, participated.Meanwhile, on Saturday the afternoon session will see a variety of dance performances, including folk (bhangra/gidha), classical, tribal and solo. These will be followed by a prize distribution function and cultural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17070522", "title": "Hemant bats for urban unemployed youths", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The state government has announced introducing job-oriented course for the educated urban unemployed youths.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren on Friday said the government was aiming for increase the employability ratio of the urban youths and was working out an enduring plan.\"From hospitality industry to automobile sector the educated unemployed youths needs to be trained to make effective use of the available resources and our government is seriously working in this direction,\" Soren said at a programme organized to distribute merit certificates to beneficiaries under Swarna Jayanti Sahari Rojgar Yojana (SJSRY) at Birsa Munda Town Hall in Sidhgora.Soren, also lauded the East Singhbhum district administration for providing sill development training to 2350 urban youths in the 2010-11 and 2011-12 business year. He also hinted at inking pact with the industrial houses and respective industry bodies for providing skill development training to the urban youths. tnn\"I would appeal to the corporate houses to employ qualified local youths and at same time provide training to the unskilled youths and make them worth employable,\" said Soren who is also industry and urban development minister in the Arjun Munda cabinet.Talking to the reporters at the local Circuit House, Soren assured that by coming January 26 the longstanding demand, of the freedom fighters, for land for construction of houses will be settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073146", "title": "Vijay is not shy and reserved: Vidyut Jamwal", "text": "Vijay starrer Thuppakki is all set to storm the the theatres this Diwali an the expectations are sky high. A.R Murugadoss has Joined with Ilayathapathy Vijay with Vidyut Jamwal playing an important role in the movie.He played the villain in Billa 2 and was all praise for Ajith during the shoots. This time around it seems he has become an ardent fan of Vijay as well.Vidyut isn't able to think beyond Thuppakki nor wait to watch the film. Talking about his association with Vijay, Vidyut says he was forced to revise his notions about Vijay. \"I was told that he was shy and reserved. But he is not; he is one of the funniest men I've ever met.\"Vidyut firmly believes that Ajith and Vijay have no airs about themselves and are very grounded, it would be futile to draw a comparison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17073199", "title": "Facebook launches 'privacy setting guide' for users", "text": "WASHINGTON: Social networking giant Facebook has launched a tool that helps new users on the site to manage their privacy settings.New users will be given specific instructions on Facebook's default settings, sharing permissions, policies on data access, rules about apps, games and third-party websites, advertisements, photo tags and the way the site finds friends and connections for new users.According to the Wall Street Journal , the revamped process walks users through each of these privacy concerns and tries to clarify where they should be looking for information on what they're sharing and with whom.The firm said in a blog post that the changes come in part due to the efforts of the Irish Data Protection Commissioner's office.According to the paper, Facebook's chief privacy officer, Erin Egan said that the company is \"committed to making sure people understand how to control what they share and with whom\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069261", "title": "Youth held for stabbing aunt to death", "text": "JAIPUR: The police have arrested a youth in Dungarpur district for allegedly stabbing to death her 65-year-old aunt on the suspicion that she was a witch and was casting evil spells on the family members. Death of the youth's four uncles over the past few years confirmed his suspicion, police said.According to the police, the incident took place at Balia Fala village in the Varda police station area on Thursday. The victim, identified as Harza, was stabbed by her nephew Ganesh Kumar.SHO, Varda police station, Dharmi Lal Meena said that Ganesh suspected the woman of practising witchcraft. \"Ganesh lived in Mumbai and was the sole earning member of the family. He had come to visit his family in the village on Tuesday. His relations with her aunt were not cordial due to his suspicion,\" said the officer.The officer added that Ganesh started picking up fights with the woman. \"In a fit of rage during a fight, he picked a knife and repeatedly stabbed her. He then fled from the house,\" said the officer.The officer said the woman died on the spot. \"Woman's 10-year-old grandson Govind Kumar also sustained injuries after Ganesh hurled him aside when the child tried to intervene,\" said the officer.The police later detained Ganesh. \"During interrogation, he said that her aunt was a witch. He was certain of it since four of his uncles had died over the past few years. Some of the other family members were also not keeping well. He claimed that Harza was performing black magic on the family members,\" said the officer. The youth has been booked under section 302 of IPC.The cases of women being branded witch and tortured are rampant in the state's remote rural areas.The state cabinet had approved the draft of the Rajasthan Women (Prevention and Protection from Atrocities) Bill, 2011 in the first week of October proposing stringent punishment against the practice along with other atrocities meted out to the women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070407", "title": "Gutka worth Rs 2.85L seized", "text": "PUNE: Vigilant citizens helped state officials seize gutka which was being sold at two general stores in Pune on Friday. Following a tip off from citizens, the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials collectively confiscated gutka worth Rs 2.85 lakh.\"In both the cases, citizens informed us about the sale. We seized gutka worth Rs 2,41,290 from the godown of a general store at City Centre building in Camp on Friday. While in another raid, our officials seized gutka worth Rs 44,700 from a general store in Somwar Peth the same day,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner, FDA, Pune. CThe raid at Camp was carried out by food safety officials Shubhangi Ankush, Arun Dhule under the guidance of assistant commissioners (food) Sanjay Sangat and Shivaji Desai. The raid at Somwar Peth was carried out by food safety officials Shivkumar Kotgire and Ramakant Kulkarni. Citizens can inform officials about sale of gutka on 9867264888.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17071215", "title": "Police launch campaign to check crime", "text": "HUBLI: The city police are partnering with banks to spread awareness and prevent crimes in the twin cities. The earnest exercise has begun from the upmarket Keshwapur area where chief minister Jagadish Shettar resides.The area is not only home to the chief minister, but also to industries minister Murgesh R Nirani and former MP Manjunath Kunnur.Pictorial boards now dot the roads of Keshwapur warning people about chain-snatchers, burglars and robbers. Hoardings and advertisement boards on compound walls and trees educate people on how crimes take place and what are the safety measures they can adopt to protect themselves, secure their vehicles and houses and the contact numbers of the police.It's not all. The police have also tightened vigil in the area, especially after Shettar assumed charge as the chief minister. The round-the-clock police presence in the areas around the chief minister's residence has instilled a secure feeling among people and the awareness drive has helped residents of Badaminagar, Paraswadi, Vinay Colony and Banashankari Layout of Keshwapur take precautionary measures.Residents now want the drive to be extended to all the areas in the city. \"Police should take this initiative across the city to alert people about crimes,\" said Mohan Chitale, a retired Air Force employee who resides on Gokul Road in Hubli.Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner B A Padamanayan said they had requested the banks in the twin cities to partner them in educating people. \"We are trying to take it to all the areas. We have requested the banks to display ads in all the areas to prevent crimes such as theft, chain snatching, vehicle lifting and burglary.\"The advisory asks people to keep valuables in safe lockers of the banks, to use safety locks to avoid theft, install CCTVs in their house and note down the number of the vehicle in case of chain snatching by motorcycle-borne miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17069318", "title": "Let Bangaloreans see garbage cleared: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: Reprimanding the BBMP for its inaction over the garbage crisis, the Karnataka High Court on Friday said: \"Everything is only on paper.... Every citizen of Bangalore has been suffering because of the garbage problem. Every citizen has a right to see garbage that is disposed of properly,\" the court said.When the commissioner said all garbage accumulated during Ayudha Pooja and Bakrid had been cleared, the bench questioned him about his plan of action for Diwali. Goel replied that the civic body is ready for the festival.Claiming that Bangalore has no uncleared garbage, the commissioner told the court the new tender approved by the BBMP council would, in all likelihood, be effective November 15.Goel said the segregation of waste is only 40% at present; it's likely to improve once the new tender comes into force. He conceded that garbage was kept near Freedom Park for four days.Bulk generators - malls, hotels, restaurants and marriage halls - contribute 40% of the city's waste, the court heard.The petitioners countered the new tender proposals saying they are a recipe for failure. \"As against norms, a pourakarmika is made to sweep a stretch of 6 km. The scheme may fail on account of shortage of manpower,\" counsel for one of the petitioners argued.The next hearing is on November 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17069010", "title": "TDP's pointsman Yerran Naidu dies", "text": "HYDERABAD: A chronic asthma patient, Kinjarapu Yerrannaidu used to crack jokes with his friends that he would 'vanish' one day if the disease got worse. Weighed down by the disease, he would never fail to take a dose from the inhaler before starting his press conferences. Tragically, he breathed his last on a hospital bed in Srikakulam after doctors' efforts to resuscitate him failed.Fondly called as 'MP Naidu garu', Yerran was a leader with in-depth knowledge of various issues. So much was the political activity at Yerran's residence in Delhi (when he was the TDP MP) that on several occasions, PMO officials had to put up with traffic jams at the 7 Race Course Road junction in view of the stream of vehicles lining up to call on Yerran at his 9 Safdarjung Road residence. Between 1996 and 2004, 9 Safdarjung Road was the fourth most important address that shaped Third Front politics. The other three being 7 Race Course (PM's residence), 10 Janpath (Sonia Gandhi's residence) and AP Bhavan. Among the non-Congress parties, there was no leader who had not visited this sprawling bungalow located at a stone's throw from the Prime Minister's official residence. Yerran's residence was the venue for many a political drama which staunchly stopped the Congress from coming to power by mobilizing every anti-Congress party, including the BJP.Yerran was always a bitter critic of the Congress party. He was the key to the survival of the NDA government and mobilized the allies during the no-confidence motion and the riots in Gujarat in 2003.Born into a family of a school teacher in Nimmada village in Srikakulam district in 1957, Yerran's arangetram into politics began when TDP was launched in 1982. He remained with the TDP till his death. As an MP or central minister, Yerran never displayed political arrogance. Despite holding high profile offices like chairman, parliamentary committee on railways and being leader of many international delegations, he never shed his rustic rural lifestyle. Little wonder he had always enjoyed warm relations with leaders of other political parties through his 30-year long political career. He had the distinction of being elected four times as MLA and four times as MP from the backward Srikakulam district.He was first elected to the Lok Sabha in 1996 and inducted as the lone cabinet minister from AP in the United Front government. He was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1998, 1999 and 2004. In 2009, Yerran tasted defeat at the hands of Congress leader Killi Kruparani. He used his political clout to get more funds and works for the railways and other departments of the state.Yerran's popularity reached its peak during the BJP-led NDA regime when the TDP chose not to join the government. There were occasions when then Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajapayee would telephone Yerran and take his advice, a rare recourse taken to by any PM. The TDP leader's bargaining strength increased tremendously after Ganti Mohana Chandra Balayogi, a dalit MP from Amalapuram, became the Speaker of the Lok Saha in March 1998. In fact, Yerran was the obvious choice for the post but TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu had to bow to caste equations and make Balayogi, a Mala, as LS Speaker. In 2002 again, Yerran was the front runner but Naidu shot down the proposal.Yerran was ill at ease for some time with Naidu's decision not to join the BJP government. He used to claim in private that the decision might have been taken to check his rise in national politics. However, he never harboured the thought of deserting Chandrababu Naidu. He used to say, \"My blood was converted into anti-Congress by NTR. How can I think of leaving the party?\" Yerran remained an important aide of Chandrababu Naidu till his death. Naidu acknowledged this when on Friday he remarked on the party's loss, \"I have lost my right hand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17070973", "title": "Depressed woman ends life in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A woman, whose husband and son were killed in a road accident recently, committed suicide under Attarsuiya police station on early Friday.She was identified as Pinki Sharma, 25, a resident of Rani Mandi. Police suspect that Pinki was depressed after the death of her husband and son and that is why she ended her life. Attarsuiya police said Pinki's husband Sonu Sharma and their three-year-old son were run over by a speeding train near Naini railway crossing on October 26 last.The other family members were asleep when Pinki committed suicide. They saw her hanging in the morning. The body was later sent for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069324", "title": "Paramilitary forces sore with Centre's cosmetic policy makeover", "text": "New Delhi: Paramilitary forces are not too enthused by the government's Thursday announcement of declaring their retired personnel as 'ex-central police personnel'. While the government claims the move will give them retirement benefits comparable to ex-servicemen from defence forces, paramilitary men say the announcement is cosmetic as the Centre has put the onus of their welfare on states.They say in the absence of a laid-down policy, only those states with greater participation of their population in the forces will adhere to the norm, while the rest may simply ignore it.The Cabinet decision is expected to make retired paramilitary forces personnel eligible for quota in jobs, higher education for their wards and attendant medical benefits.However, the government has put the onus of all these welfares on states. It has said that there will be no financial burden for this on the Centre and that it will request states to give retirement benefits to paramilitary men.The forces are irked with the Centre's move to put the onus on states. \"There are states such as West Bengal and Bihar which do not even pay anything to families of martyrs. Even those who died fighting Naxals have not got anything from the state government. How do we expect them to provide us retirement benefits at par with ex-servicemen?\" asks a BSF official.Sources say states such as Punjab, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, which send a sizable population to the forces, have welfare schemes for paramilitary personnel as they also account for a sizeable vote bank. Other states, said sources, consider paramilitary forces as the Centre's responsibility.\"But the Centre itself has abdicated itself of all responsibility here. We will not be given anything out of central funds or schemes. We will not get petrol pumps or gas agency or preferential allotment of cooperative units such as Mother Dairy kiosks. We are also not allowed to share the quota of ex-servicemen. So what are we getting beyond the tag that the Centre has given us?\" asks a CRPF official.The Centre's policy stipulates that it would be up to states to grant quota in jobs and other services for retired paramilitary men over and above the reservation for ex-servicemen.Disappointed, the All India Central Paramilitary Forces Ex-servicemen Welfare Association is now planning a fresh stir to push for getting something more substantial out of the government for their retired personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069203", "title": "Sorry state: Attacks on activists, top security for netas", "text": "MUMBAI: Trust politicians to look after their own. A day after the Bombay high court passed stringent strictures against the Congress-NCP government for failing to protect activists and whistle-blowers in the state, TOI has found that ministers and political leaders and their children continue to enjoy special security despite the threat perception committee recommending its withdrawal.The committee had specifically advised the CM that the Z-plus security provided to former deputy CM Vijaysinh Mohite Patil be withdrawn. However, with Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil rejecting the recommendation, Mohite Patil boasts of the highest grade of security.Mohite is not alone. More than a dozen politicians and cabinet members continue to enjoy top security despite having a reduced threat perception. Among them are RPI leader Ramdas Athavale, excise minister Ganesh Naik, medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit, water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and former minister Satish Chaturvedi. Ditto with industries minister Narayan Rane's sons Nitesh and Nilesh, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut, family members of MNS president Raj Thackeray, Shailesh, son of Punjab governor Shivraj Patil, former minister of state for home Ramesh Bagwe, NCP MP Samir Bhujbal and NCP legislator Pankaj Bhujbal.Political considerations are clearly at play here. While the cover provided to Shiv Sena rebels who joined the NCP has been doubled, special security has been provided to state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar on the oral orders of R R Patil. Thane Shiv Sena MP Anand Paranjape, who has joined hands with the NCP without quitting his party, has been provided a special security cover, ostensibly in view of the threat from Sena workers and anti-social elements. Another Shiv Sena leader, Kiran Pawaskar, who joined the NCP, too has been provided with an augmented security cover in view of threats from \"political rivals and anti-social elements\". Besides a special escort vehicle, he has been provided with eight police officers.On Thursday, the court had taken the government to task over the spate of attacks on individual campaigners against crime and corruption, including the murder of Pune-based RTI activist Satish Shetty and the assault on activist Nayana Kathpalia's Churchgate residence. Shetty, who had sought information on huge tracts of land acquired by a private firm, IRB Infrastructure, had sought police protection two months before he was bumped off in January 2010.While Shetty was denied police protection, it was found that both the CM and his then deputy, R R Patil, had ignored the report of the high-level committee on providing security cover to the governor, cabinet members and leading politicians. \"Both lack the courage to withdraw the security cover of politicians and their family members, despite specific recommendation of the committee,'' a senior IPS officer said.Pune-based RTI activist Vijay Kumbhar said it was unfortunate that the government had failed to protect the lives of whistle-blowers and activists. \"When I made an attempt to expose a veteran Shiv Sena leader, I too received threats. In my opinion, besides providing adequate security, the government should probe into the information obtained by RTI activists,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069077", "title": "Jagathrakshakan moved again, gets heftier post", "text": "CHENNAI: Five days after a Union cabinet reshuffle, the portfolio of Union minister of state S Jagathrakshakan has been changed again. This time, the Union minister, who was given new and renewable energy, has managed to get a heftier portfolio, that of commerce and industry, in the same capacity of MoS. The DMK leader was shifted to new and renewable energy from information and broadcasting in the recent cabinet reshuffle. The minister declined to take charge of new and renewable energy, indicating his unhappiness with the portfolio. Party sources said he approached DMK chief M Karunanidhi for a \"change and better portfolio\".\"In the latest reshuffle, he was expecting railways, defence or commerce and industry portfolios. But the Congress allotted renewable energy to him,\" said a senior DMK leader. As Karunanidhi was not too keen on additional berths for his partymen, he distanced himself from the issue. \"But Jagathrakshakan requested him for a better portfolio,\" the DMK leader said. \"Congress decided to take back information and broadcasting portfolio from Jagathrakshakan for Manish Tewari,\" said the DMK leader. Karunanidhi had not sought any specific portfolio for Jagathrakshakan then. \"But this time, he requested that Jagathrakshakan's portfolio be changed following requests from him,\" he said.Party seniors like Duraimurugan, Veerapandi S Arumugam and Kanimozhi had also backed Jagathrakshakan's request for a better portfolio, sources said. A third-time MP, Jagathrakshakan was chosen for the ministry as Karunanidhi had been keen to accommodate a Vanniyar in the Union cabinet. Anand Sharma is the cabinet minister for commerce and industry and D Purandeshwari is the minister of state.Jagathrakshakan has been involved in controversies after a sting operation conducted by TOI in 2009 showed that the family-owned medical college collected Rs 20 lakh for an MBBS seat. In September 2012, news reports alleged that his family had stakes in JR Power Gen Pvt Ltd, which was awarded a coal block in Orissa in 2007. But he refuted the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070907", "title": "Patna University seeks police record of students for Dec 11 polls", "text": "PATNA: Even as student organizations affiliated to different political parties are gearing up for the Patna University (PU) students' union (PUSU) polls scheduled to be held on December 11, PU officials have already started completing necessary formalities for conducting the elections.The PUSU polls would be held after a gap of about 29 years. PU is seeking information from different police stations located in the city about the criminal antecedents, if any, of its students. The university has also asked its different postgraduate departments and colleges to furnish information about students against whom an FIR has been lodged or against whom any disciplinary action has been taken, said proctor Kriteshwar Prasad.The Lyngdoh committee clearly recommends that no student against whom either any FIR has been lodged or any disciplinary action has been taken would be able to contest students' union elections. A candidate must also be a regular student of the university having at least 75 percent attendance in the class.Different student organizations have also been asked to submit to the university their suggestions by November 5 for fair conduct of the union elections. Two representatives of each organization would be invited to a meeting to be convened by the university shortly to decide the final strategy. Some organizations have already submitted their suggestions to the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069520", "title": "Akhilesh govt takes away cases against Amar Singh from EOW", "text": "LUCKNOW: A week after the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh almost furtively took the money-laundering case against its former general secretary Amar Singh from the Economic Offences Wing of the UP police to the local police in Kanpur, the Akhilesh Yadav government on Friday was out on a limb trying to explain that the move wasn't a result of the party going soft on the Rajput leader.SP sources also strenuously denied that the state government had adopted a soft approach in the money-laundering case against Amar Singh, pending before the Allahabad high court. \"It has been handed over to the Kanpur police after the Allahabad high court left it to the government to decide on the agency by which it wanted to get it probed,\" said a senior home department official.Singh, a former SP general secretary who wielded tremendous clout in the party, was expelled shortly after the Firozabad parliamentary bypoll in 2010 for anti-party activities. It was alleged that he worked against party interest which led to the defeat of Akhilesh Yadav's wife Dimple in the bypoll. Subsequently, Amar Singh floated a political outfit, Rashtriya Lokmanch.On whether the SP's top leadership was inclined to welcome Singh back to the party, a senior leader said, \"Neither the issue is under consideration, nor is there any indication whatsoever that anything in this regard is in the offing.\" He then added cryptically, \"At least not until Amar Singh himself makes any such request.\"The case against Amar Singh dates back to October 15, 2009, when one Shivakant Tripathi lodged an FIR with the Babupurwa police in Kanpur accusing him of misusing his position as chairman of the UP Development Council between 2003 and 2007 to usurp public funds to the tune of Rs 500 crore.Tripathi provided the names of companies claiming these were run by Amar and his wife Pankaja. He alleged that the money was channelised through small units which were incorporated in these companies. In one instance, 25 smaller companies were merged into Sarvottam Cap Ltd.The move acquired political overtones following accusations that the FIR was lodged at the behest of then BSP government. Although Mayawati was quick to wash her hands off the controversy, TOI carried a detailed report exposing how the complainant in the FIR was in regular contact with a top IAS at the CM secretariat when the case was registered.In the knee-jerk reaction that followed, the government transferred the case to the West Bengal Police stating that the companies in question were in Kolkata. The Kolkata police returned the case back on grounds that the alleged crime took place in UP. Thereafter, Mayawati transferred the case to EOW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070622", "title": "Candles and wreaths in memory of loved ones", "text": "RANCHI: People were seen making a beeline to buy flowers, candles and wreaths near the cemetery to pay homage to their loved ones on All Souls Day on Friday.Louis Gomes, an old lady, who had come here with her son to visit the Roman Catholic Church cemetery, was seen lighting candles on two graves. She said, \"I came here from Kolkata just for the love of my husband and son. I lost my elder son in 2002 in a road accident and my husband died of cancer in 1990. Earlier, we used to stay in Jharkhand. We left this place in 2004.\"Resident of the city Anita Lakra came with her husband to pray for the departed souls of their mother and maid servant. Remembering her maid, Anita said, \"She was a young girl and we treated her as part of the family. When her parents came to us after her death they gave us the right to cremate her. Though this happened in 1990 we still come every year on this day to put flowers on her grave and pray for the peace of her soul.\"A procession was also taken out by the Roman Catholic Church to their cemeteries where prayers were held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073228", "title": "I'm not single but still bisexual, says Rachel Wood", "text": "Evan Rachel Wood , who got married recently, was quick to clarify that just because \"Billy Elliot put a ring on it,\" it doesn't mean that she's no longer bisexual.According to the Mirror, the day after the actress married Jamie Bell, one of her 114,000 Twitter followers tweeted her: \"Question, honestly not trying to be an a*s. Just trying to understand. Does this mean you are not bi anymore? How [does] that work?\"To which Evan promptly tweeted back: \"No. It just means i am not single anymore ;)\"The actress first revealed she was bisexual in an interview with Esquire in April 2011.Evan married fellow actor Jamie Bell in California on Tuesday, wearing a Carolina Herrera gown", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068743", "title": "Court: Paste summons at residences of Jha, others", "text": "BHOPAL: A local court has directed the officials that summons be pasted at the residence of Madhya Pradesh BJP President Prabhat Jha and three others as they did not appear before it in connection with a defamation case filed by Leader of Opposition in the Assembly, Ajay Singh.Jha and senior BJP leaders Nand Kumar Singh Chouhan, Kunwar Singh and Shardendu Tiwari failed to appear before the court despite repeated issuance of summons.The order to paste the notice at their residences was passed by Additional Session Judge Manoj Kumar Shrivastava yesterday.The judge also directed that the notice be published in newspapers.Ajay has dragged Jha and others to the court over the allegation that he and his family grabbed lands belonging to members of Kol tribe at his ancestral village, Churhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070829", "title": "Delhi enveloped in smog, back to pre-CNG levels", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's air pollution has reached alarming levels. For proof, just look out of the window. The grey-white 'haze' that has been covering the city since October 28, say experts, is actually smog that is linked to the rapid rise in particulate matter and nitrogen dioxide levels.The smog got thicker on Friday and blotted out the sun through the day. It was described by one expert as a \"toxic cocktail of poisonous gases\". Not coincidentally, Friday's air pollution levels were actually worse than the air quality recorded on Diwali last year (see graphic).In 2001, alarmed by Delhi's rapidly deteriorating air quality, the judiciary had ordered the conversion of all public transport vehicles to the cleaner CNG. It can now be officially said - based on government data on nitrogen oxide and particulate matter (see graphic) - that gains in air quality made due to the CNG switch have now been squandered away.\"This is a clear case of haze and smog due to high pollution levels,\" said R K Jenamani, director incharge of IGI Met.Fog screen over city: Blame it on high pollution levelsSince October 28, when smoggy conditions descended over the city, Delhi has already recorded 91 hours of below 1,000 m visibility. The weatherman said similar conditions would prevail till Sunday.\"The city has been having fog in the morning because of very high level of moisture as a remnant of cyclone Nilam. There is also no wind. However, what develops later in the day cannot be fog since the temperatures by then are too high.\"Delhi's current PM10 and NO2 levels are the worst ever. On Diwali last year, PM10 touched a high of 597 mg/cu m while on Friday, it ranged between 448 mg/cu m and 1,440 mg/cu m. Similarly, NO2, the highest level of which during last Diwali was 133 mg/cu m, ranged between 47 mg/cu m and 394 mg/cu m on Friday.Says a fact sheet by the Centre for Science and Environment, \"(Delhi's) rising nitrogen dioxide (NO2) levels signal a looming problem. This pollutant strongly correlates with motorization and is held responsible for a range of respiratory ailments and sudden death syndrome in infants and so on. PM10 levels are unacceptably high and continue to be substantially above the national ambient air quality standards. After initial stabilization, particulate levels have begun to rise again\".Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director at CSE says the rise in PM10 and NO2 levels can be directly attributed to the growing number of vehicles on the city roads, since Delhi has added no other source of pollution. \"The gains from switching over to CNG have been frittered away completely. Over the past few years, we have been recording steadily rising levels of pollutants like PM10, PM2.5, oxides of nitrogen and ozone. All of these, except ozone, come from vehicular emissions,\" she said.Delhi adds more than 1,000 vehicles to its roads daily. The total number of registered vehicles currently is over 65 lakh. \"Its effects are visible in our air right now, which is nothing more than a toxic cocktail of poisonous gases,\" said Roychowdhury.In a paper published in 2007, IGI Met director in-charge Jenamani argued that rising pollution levels in the city had led to a greater number of fog and smog hours over the years as pollutants like PM and aerosols act as \"additional sources of cloud condensation nuclei necessary for fog formation\". The paper said alarming rise in fog and pollution was causing a fall in maximum temperature over Delhi.Smog is the name given to a mixture of fog and particulate matter, or smoke, arising out of polluting. A rise in pollution levels during winter months is a common phenomenon. This occurs as cold air stays close to the ground, giving pollutants smaller area for dispersal. Absence of wind, as is the case these days, also aids in higher pollution levels as the pollutants remain suspended in air. However, the early onset of smog this time is also because levels of particulate matter have scaled new heights, crossing 1,000 mg/cu m at some locations against the standard 100.Met officials say that the low visibility conditions will remain till at least November 4 and even then, will dissipate quite slowly. \"A fresh western disturbance is coming around November 5-6 which will result in west/northwesterly winds over northern India. By then, the moisture left behind by the cyclone would have dissipated. Things should start clearing up by then,\" said a Met official.The last time such low visibility conditions prevailed over Delhi in November was in 2008 when a spate of three cyclones in the month led to 245 hours of below 1,000m visibility. \"Normally when cyclones come towards the earlier part of winter, they lead to smog and not fog as temperatures are still not quite low. We are not expecting dense fog for another couple of weeks at least,\" said Jenamani.Asthma cases on the riseThe elderly and children are bearing the brunt of the smoggy weather, say doctors, as cases of asthma and chronic bronchitis rise sharply. \"We are seeing many patients who are not able to walk at home due to breathing difficulty,\" said Dr Aroop Basu of Gangaram Hospital. The gloomy skies and fall in temperatures are also leading to a surge in headaches, mood swings and depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "17069227", "title": "Contractor lobby controls ICDS supply in several states", "text": "New Delhi/Bangalore: Maharashtra is not the only state where contractors control the lucrative ICDS rations supply system that is worth over Rs 8,000 crore annually across the country. A report submitted by the Supreme Court commissioners' office on Friday said it was the same in Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh, Meghalaya and several other states.State governments, instead of giving contracts to community and village-level bodies such as self-help groups and women's groups, have given contracts to private companies to supply rations for poor children and women in contravention of Supreme Court orders.Even after seven years of the SC having banned contractors, the report said the contractor lobby continued to monopolize supply in several states. \"What is worrying is that the politician-bureaucrat-contractor nexus has managed to violate the orders of the Supreme Court with impunity,\" the report said.In case of Karnataka, the report said a private company called Christy Fried Grams Industry continued to supply rations under ICDS for more than two years despite overwhelming evidence of irregularities. The report said it took persistent efforts by the commissioners, their advisor, a high court committee, the Lokayukta and others within the state government before the contract was cancelled.Investigations into the case are still on but senior officers have been charged with misappropriation of funds along with Christy Fried Grams Industry. Assets worth lakhs of rupees were unearthed from these officials allegedly made through misappropriation of ICDS funds with an annual outlay of Rs 600 crore.\"We will be filing the final report as soon as we get two laboratory reports, one from Hyderabad and another from Hosur in Tamil Nadu. We will compile all the lab reports before submitting the final report to the Lokayukta court soon,\" Lokayukta additional director general of police H N Satyanarayana Rao told TOI.The apex court commissioners' report also noted that Great Value Foods, a company promoted by Gurdeep Singh 'Ponty' Chadha, was contracted to supply ICDS rations in Uttar Pradesh where the annual budget is upwards of Rs 1,500 crore. In Meghalaya, a company called Continental Milkose India Ltd has been contracted to provide rations.The report said the state of affairs was similar in many states and Union Territories in violation of Supreme Court orders.The commissioners' office said the contracts to private companies in UP continued despite adverse reports by the National Human Rights Commission and in Meghalaya by the Comptroller and Auditor General.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17071298", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAllergic diseases affecting 15 to 20 per cent of population\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VARANASI: The 46th National Conference of Indian College of Allergy, Asthma and Applied Immunology (ICAAICON-2012) organised by Institute of Medical Science, (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) was inaugurated in the presence of Governor of Chhattisgarh, Shekhar Dutt, and BHU vice-chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh at KN Udupa Auditorium, BHU on Friday.While addressing the inaugural function, Dutt spoke about allergic diseases, immunology at a length. He said allergic diseases are the increasing cause of illness, affecting 15 percent to 20 per cent of the population at a time.An estimate shows that over 300 million people are suffering from Asthma and about 100 million new cases will be diagnosed by 2015. \"It's socio-economic impact is enormous, especially when the control of asthma is poor and it leads to great loss of school as well as working days in office,\" he added.According to Dutt, knowledge of immunology has made a breakthrough in disease diagnosis, treatment and prevention. Immunology has been proved to be a very successful and cost effective tool in preventing and eradicating diseases. Small pox has been eradicated, polio is almost on the verge of eradication and incidences of vaccine preventable diseases like tetanus, diphtheria, pertusis, mumps, measles, hepatitis, and yellow fever have declined dramatatically, he said.Dutt further added, \"in spite of tremendous achievements, there are many grey areas that require urgent attention. The conditions like there are no vaccines for hepatitis and dengue. Vaccine against influenza are only partly effective. Vaccines are still awaited for a number of diseases like AIDS, cytomegalovirus, herpes simplex virus, EB virus, rhinovirus, syphilis, filarial, and many others.\"Series of programmes were organized for the celebration of 150th birth anniversary of Pt Madan Mohan Malaviya, the founder of BHU. The three-day conference is focused on 'environment, health, and holistic medicine'.Specialists from different fields of medicine were present on the occasion. During the conference, the visiting experts also discussed about recent advances in diagnosis and management of allergy and bronchial asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases, impact of environmental pollution on chest diseases, and other relevant topics. The conference will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17068394", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar reveals culinary secrets", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar is as passionate about his food as he is about perfecting straight drives. The 39-year-old regaled the audience when he shed light on his gastronomic indulgences during his 23-year international career at the book launch of sports historian Boria Majumdar's 'Cooking On The Run', published by Harper Collins, at the Cricket Club Of India, here on Thursday.Among the interesting anecdotes that Tendulkar narrated during the 30-minute, crisply moderated interaction by the author himself, was the fact that he skipped lunch and polished off a huge bowl of ice-cream before tackling Wasim Akram and Shoaib Akhtar in the 2003 World Cup match at Centurion.Tendulkar smashed a divine 98 off 75 balls as India chased down Pakistan's 273 with six wickets remaining in a high-on adrenaline encounter. \"At lunch, I only had ice-cream. I didn't have anything else. I put my headphones on and didn't want to listen to anyone. I knew what was needed. I had requested the ground staff to let me know when the umpires walk out. When they did, I removed my headphones and walked out to bat. In the meanwhile, the ice-cream was delicious,\" he revealed.The batting maestro looked fitter and slimmer than he was during the New Zealand series, an indication that he may be keen to talk on food, but wasn't eating too much of it.Back to nostalgia: Soon after the Centurion win, the team threw the diet chart into the bin and gorged on street Chinese to celebrate the victory.\"It was a big game and we decided whatever we do, we'll do it together. Every little thing we did, we still remember and cherish. Such moments don't come often,\" he reminisced.If the ice-cream took care of Pakistan in the 2003 World Cup, the Australians were felled by the magic of bland food - curd rice and coconut water. That's all the champion batsman ingested for three days prior to the 2011 quarterfinal in steamy Ahmedabad. \"It was really hot. So for three days I went on a vegetarian diet and had bland food like curd rice, just to not have any spice in the system. I had lots of coconut water too. I felt in those conditions spicy food won't suit.\"Despite all that, for Tendulkar his mother's varan bhaat (dal and rice cooked in Maharashtrian style) beats everything else, especially after a long tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17071196", "title": "Pillar collapses at Virupaksha temple", "text": "HUBLI: Cyclone Nilam had its effect at Hampi when a pillar of the famous Virupaksha temple collapsed due to incessant rain on Friday.Another place of worship at the world heritage site \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Prasanna Narasimha temple \u00e2\u20ac\u201d too bore the brunt as its compound wall collapsed. The collapsed 'salumantap', situated on the right side of Virupaksha temple, was two-storeyed.The 500-year-old structure was 12-ft high and stood on six pillars. There are 50 such 'salumantaps' in Hampi. The legend has it that pearls and diamonds were sold at the salumantaps during the reign of Vijayanagar Empire. Unesco has included a 41 sq-km area in Hampi in the World Heritage list. In Hospet taluk, around 100 houses and huts were damaged due to rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17071100", "title": "With Sonia nod, CM likely to rejig team", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi is likely to bring in the long-awaited reshuffle in the state council of ministers in the coming weeks.After a meeting with UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi on Thursday, Gogoi said he has been given a free hand by the high command to carry out a rejig whenever he desires to do so.Sources said Gogoi would be inducting at least one new face in the ministry and the biggest name doing the round is that of speaker Pranab Gogoi, who is one of the seniormost Congress leaders in the state. \"There has been a growing demand from Sivasagar district as there is no representation from this all important district in the present ministry and the Speaker, who is from this district, is the frontrunner,\" a source said.Sivasagar was the state capital during Ahom rule and is one of the state's most economically advanced districts with its richness in tea, oil and natural gas . The district has four MLAs from the Congress but none have been inducted into the ministry. Former chief minister Hiteswar Saikia was also from this district. His son, Debabrata, is also an MLA from the district representing Nazira constituency.Anhan Dutta, another MLA from the district, was a minister in the Saikia government and later in Gogoi's first government between 2001 and 2006.Sources said if the present speaker is inducted into the ministry, the names of his successors doing the rounds are of seniormost Congress leader and former health minister Bhumidhar Barman and former speaker and present planning and development minister Tanka Bahadur Rai.Gogoi was expected to carry out the reshuffle in July, but the riots in lower Assam played spoilsport. If he does it this time, it will be his first-ever reshuffle in his third successive term as the chief minister. During his first stint, he had to downsize the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17069485", "title": "Swine flu case raises Gurgaon's toll to 5", "text": "GURGAON: One fresh case of swine flu has been reported in the city, taking the total number of cases to five this year. Swine flu was last reported a month ago, in the first week of October, when three residents fell sick. The first case was reported in July this year.The patient is identified as Charu Rekha, a resident of Sector 49, who according to deputy civil surgeon (VBD), Dr Mahender Gupta, falls under category A of the disease and requires only symptomatic treatment.Gupta added that Rekha was doing fine and probably caught the infection two days ago.Given a dip in the temperature, doctors have sounded an alert and said residents, especially pregnant women, elders and those suffering from respiratory problems, need to take precautions.Dr Ashutosh Shukla, head, internal medicine, Artemis Health Institute, Gurgaon, said the cold weather would make residents predisposed contracting the disease. \"Given so many offices in Gurgaon where employees sit close to each other, there are high chances of people contracting this highly communicable disease.Shukla explained that human-to-human spread of swine flu was the same as seasonal flu, mainly through coughing or sneezing by people infected with the influenza virus. It also spreads through commonly held objects like telephone and lift buttons.Doctors said infected people might pass on the infection to others even before they show any symptoms and up to seven or more days after they report the symptoms.The World Health Organization's Dos and Don'ts for tackling swine influenza recommends people wash their hands frequently, avoid crowded places, keep more than an arm's length from people afflicted with flu, get plenty of sleep and drink plenty of water and eat nutritious food.It also recommends avoiding handshakes or hugging, spitting in public and taking medicines without consulting a physician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17069148", "title": "Bail plea of Akanksha Rathi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s in-laws rejected", "text": "The district court, on Friday rejected the application for interim bail filed by four in-laws of Akansha Rathi, the Indore-based industrialist found dead in her parental house on October 23.The bail plea of Rajkumar Rathi, Sushma Rathi, Pradeep Rathi and Saurav Rathi was rejected on the ground that they can influence the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17073236", "title": "Schoolboy raises $1m for 'condensed news' app", "text": "LONDON: A British schoolboy has launched an Apple iPhone app that condenses news articles into three key paragraphs, after raising one million dollars from investors.Nick D'Aloisio, 17, who lives with his family in London and still gets an allowance every month, created the app name 'Summly'.A prototype attracted an investment of around $3,00,000 in November 2011 from Horizons Ventures, the private technology investment company of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing , also a backer of Facebook, Siri and Spotify.According to the Telegraph, the investment arrived on Nick's 16th birthday, making him one of the youngest people ever to attract venture capital funding.The prototype was downloaded more than 150,000 times and was chosen by Apple as its 'App of the Week' in the UK and other countries, the paper said.According to the report, Nick teamed up with experts in London, and the Stanford Research Institute, to work on the technology and design.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070540", "title": "General V K Singh's political activism leaves military men embarrassed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Many within military circles are animatedly discussing the increasing political activism of former Army chief General V K Singh. Discussions over the controversial former chief further intensified on Friday when he announced that he may join a gherao of Parliament announced by cane growers.To many serving and retired officers, Gen Singh's ambivalence over those accused of corruption has come as a shocker. \"Yesterday, he was sharing the dais with Om Prakash Chautala , who is accused of accumulating crores of rupees worth of illegal wealth, he is under CBI investigation. Gen Singh's moral circle doesn't go beyond his personal political ambition,\" a serving colonel said. He added that it was \"embarrassing\" to see the former Army chief \"stage hopping\" on a daily basis \"without any ideological moorings\".Many in military circles believe that Gen Singh could be positioning himself for the 2014 elections. \"He seems to be testing out various forums,\" a senior serving officer, who has known Gen Singh for years, said. Gen Singh's Friday outing for cane growers came a day after he shared the stage with opposition leaders including Chautala in Haryana. Gen Singh appeared along with leaders of Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan and demanded rejection of the Rangarajan committee report on freeing the sugar sector.The committee has recommended doing away with State Advisory Price and which will adversely affect the farmers of northern states, he said. Along with RKMS convenor V M Singh, Gen Singh released a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding rejection of the Rangarajan committee report.Asked whether he supported the call for a gherao of Parliament in December, the former Army chief said, \"I am endorsing a call which is in the interest of farmers.\" When asked if he would join the gherao, Gen Singh said, \"We will cross the bridge when we reach there... Whether that situation will come or not, we will see.\"However, even the fact that Gen Singh was endorsing such a mode of protest has not gone down well with many in military circles. Maj Gen (retd) Afsir Karim told a TV channel that it was \"a surprising statement for a just retired chief\" to make.Lt Gen (retd) Shankar Prasad said Gen Singh's announcement meant \"breaking the law\", and for a former Army chief -- sworn to protect the Constitution -- to endorse such a method was baffling. \"I really wonder if such a statement is befitting for a man of his wisdom,\" he said.A serving general said Gen Singh always had shifting stances on most issues. \"He went back on his commitment not to rake up his age issue once he became chief. He wouldn't think twice before going to Supreme Court to challenge the government over the age issue. He wouldn't now mind sitting alongside corrupt politicians,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069132", "title": "HC restrains vessel from sailing out", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras HC on Friday asked the Chennai port authorities not to allow beached oil tanker M T Pratibha Cauvery to sail out.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar passed orders to this effect on a writ petition filed by Sankara Narayanan, brother of second engineer Anand Mohandass, who died while trying to reach the shore after abandoning the vessel on Wednesday. The petition sought 25 lakh interim compensation, besides an inquiry by a district judge.S Prabakaran, counsel for the petitioner, told the court the vessel was lying in the outer anchorage of the port since last week of September and that its crew were without food and water for several days. Though the vessel was not sea-worthy, shipping and port trust authorities did not respond to several representations and reminders from the crew, he said.If the vessel is allowed to leave the territorial waters of Chennai, the victim's family and others will not be in a position to get the compensation, he said. Adjourning the matter to November 7, the judge said: \"Pending further orders, there will be an interim injunction retraining the vessel M T Pratibha Cauvery from moving out of Chennai port.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17070862", "title": "Prez gives nod for Aligarh Muslim University unit in Kishanganj", "text": "KISHANGANJ: With President Pranab Mukherjee giving his nod for the establishment of the Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) unit at Kishanganj, the road has finally been paved.This information was given by the newly appointed Union minister of state for urban development, Deepa Das Munshi, at Kishanganj during her brief stopover on way to Raiganj on Friday. \"I got this vital information when I called on the President immediately after Durga Puja,\" she said. The local Congressmen felicitated her. Das Munshi said that insofar as financial affairs were concerned, it would be taken care of when she would meet the new HRD minister along with the Kishanganj Congress MP, Asrarul Haq, after November 5.She maintained that Bihar would never be overlooked and discriminated insofar as urban development was concerned and would also seek the co-operation of the health department in fighting the ever increasing menace of dengue and other health hazards. She informed that the health department had many a scheme up its sleeve to combat these recurrent health problems. She also promised to do her best in clearing the highly ambitious Ramzan river plan for Kishanganj town which was gathering dust in the ministry for long. She asked the local civic authorities to visit her in New Delhi for the clearance of the project.Replying to a query, Das Munshi emphatically denied the probability of Congress joining hands with estranged coalition partner Trinamool Congress (TMC) in the upcoming panchayat polls in West Bengal next year. \"It was the TMC which has snapped its ties with the Congress, and there was absolutely no likelihood of these parties coming on the board again,\" she told newsmen here. \"I would love to visit Kishanganj again, as Kishanganj and Raiganj, my constituency, share great proximity,\" she said when Congressmen invited her to Kishanganj again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17071505", "title": "Breathalyzer test not conclusive: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: If she is eventually found to have consumed more alcohol than the legally permissible limit, Aarti Shetty can attract a graver charge of manslaughter , say legal experts. The police on Thursday said she was \"drunk\" , based on a breathalyzer test and an eyewitness' account of her \"not being able to walk straight\" . The cops have sent her blood sample for a forensic analysis to conclusively ascertain the exact state Shetty was in when she drove into an auto.Senior lawyers said with more and more people getting involved in fatal rash driving cases, the police needed to conduct a thorough investigation before applying serious charges under the IPC, such as culpable homicide not amounting to murder (section 304-II ). According to them, the breathalyzer test does not throw up conclusive results but is a preliminary examination, which cops need to follow up with other forensic tests. \"The moment policemen smell alcohol on a motorist, they have to conduct forensic tests under Motor Vehicle Act and Bombay Prohibition Act,\" advocate Y P Singh said. He added on conducting a breathalyzer test, if the police found the motorist's alcohol content exceeded 30 mg per 100 ml of blood, they could immediately slap a charge of negligent driving under section 185 of MV Act. Later, other stricter sections could be added, if evidence demanded so, he added.Lawyers also said the police should consider the Bombay high court's ruling in the Alistair Pereira case. The HC had said Mumbaikars were aware that people slept on pavements and hence, driving drunk recklessly could invite the charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070955", "title": "Music maestros floor all at Takshila Utsav", "text": "PATNA: The three-day Takshila Utsav had a grand opening on the premises of College of Arts and Crafts here, with noted music maestros of the country mesmerizing the gathering with their musical charm. Noted musicians and singers on the stage had the audience spellbound with great performances in a row.As the function opened with Pandit Bipin Mishra's recitation of religious hymns, it rendered a spiritual aura to the event. The mystical sync of his conch, the beats of the 'damroo' and the rhythm of his hymns transcended the audience to the 'other world' of harmony.Since the first day was dedicated to 'bhakti sangeet', noted singer Vidya Shah spread the magic of her voice and enchanted the audience as she displayed her expertise at bhajans and Sufi bhakti geet composed by Kabir, Ravidas, Surdas, Bulle Shah, Amir Khusro and Sultan Bano. As she lent her melodious voice to bhajans and geets like 'laga yaar fakiri mein', 'mohe apne hi rang mein rang de rangeele', 'chand chadhe' and so on, some among the audience were seen 'tapping' their palms to the rhythm of her songs.The long musical session of 'bhakti sangeet' was followed by qawwali, which was awaited by all. Born in a family of illustrious musicians, Ustad Wajahat Hussain Khan Badayuni of Rampur Gharana and his troupe added to the splendour of the evening. Wajahat Hussain, who has been mentored by the renowned and legendary Ustad Jafar Hussain, left the audience asking for more as he created magic with qawwalis like 'chaap tilak sab chini', 'aye re sakhi more raja ghar aaye' and his last ghazal 'raat bhar mujhko ghame yaar ne sone na diya'. \"Of course the entire event was very nice but the best part of it was the qawwali,\" said a visibly excited Richa, one among the audience.The event opened with an exhibition of the imprints of legendary painter M F Hussain in afternoon. The fascinating art exhibition comprised of selected masterpieces like 'Gajgamini', 'Ragmala', 'Mother Teresa' and 'Horse Age'.The festival is being organized under the aegis of Takshila Educational Society (TES), the promoter of Delhi Public School (Patna, Pune, Ludhiana and Coimbatore). On the occasion, sharing his sentiments, Sanjiv Kumar, the TES secretary, said the Takshila Utsav was an initiative to preserve, conserve and promote the art and culture of our rich culture and heritage. DPS principal B Vinod, headmistress Namrata Prasad and activity coordinator Chetna Jha too expressed their gratitude to the artists who made the evening an unforgettable experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17070743", "title": "Satpur dog mauling: 5 discharged, 1 still in hospital", "text": "NASHIK: Out of the six children from a Satpur colony, who were admitted on Tuesday at the Civil Hospital after a rabid dog bit them, five were discharged on Friday. Two-year-old Rudra Mahale who is critically injured, has been kept back at the hospital for observation.Rudra was bitten on his right cheek and left eye by the rabid dog that went berserk on Tuesday morning in the colony. The upper portion of the two-year-old's cheek, that was almost torn, has now been stitched and medicated. His eye that was almost closed due to swelling has been cleaned and medicated.The duty nurses at the paediatric ward of the Civil Hospital said that Rudra will be under observation for a few days since his cheek and eye are still very swollen. They said that his vision may not be affected and assured that he would be able to open his eye. They said that since the other children admitted were fine they were being discharged on Wednesday morning. \"They, too, also under observation for three days,\" a nurse said.On the request of the victims' parents that medical facilities and a full-time doctor be available at municipal dispensaries across the city, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"I will try to make all the medical facilities available at the dispensaries. We have enough anti-rabies medicines in the hospitals at present,\" he said.While the dog was killed and buried the same day, the incident prompted elected representatives to question the NMC's dog sterilization centre that has been non-functional for months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17072577", "title": "'Can't understand why the government targets poor tribals'", "text": "PANAJI: As Kamla Kaka narrated a heart wrenching tale of violence against tribal people, a sense of anger and revulsion may have gripped those listening.Speaking in Hindi at a session on 'Democracy's Jackboot: Why We Sing the Blues' at ThinkFest 2012, Kaka, a tribal activist, described the horrifying brutalities of a recent massacre of tribals in the forests of Chhattisgarh by paramilitary forces who fired upon innocent villagers. She said the firing lasted for over an hour, and then the forces tortured the survivors calling them Maoists. They also threatened them with rape. Many villagers had to flee the village to escape the violence, she noted.\"I don't know why the police harass and target us poor tribals,\" said the woman whose brother was a victim of the massacre. We used to think we were free, but now it is no more the case, she added. She chose not to answer a question on whether such atrocities were compelling tribals to take to arms and join naxal and maoist forces.For many Indians, particularly those in the urban parts of the country, the atrocities against tribals will go unnoticed.But atrocities such as these are common, particularly in the resource rich belt of Chhattisgarh, Bihar , Jharkhand , Orissa and Andhra Pradesh said civil rights lawyer Sudha Bharadwaj who was part of the panel discussion on the subject.She said tribals were being displaced so that the natural resources in areas inhabited by them could be exploited.Bharadwaj called for \"rectifying the injustice against tribals\" in many parts of the country by rehabilitating them, giving them their forest rights, and reaching out to them democratically for any proposed development and this was the only way to reduce violence.Sunder Rajan, one of the prominent voices in the anti-nuclear protests at Koodankulam spoke about the 1.5 lakh cases registered against protesters in the region. 90% of these cases are deliberately registered without names and random people are later targeted, he said. 8,500 of cases of sedition have also been registered against protesters, he added.\"Is this democracy?\" Rajan questioned. He stated that the people of the region were not convinced by nuclear power and sought solar and wind based energy instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17071149", "title": "Caste panel heat on Rout, Maharathy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) chairman K L Punia on Friday came down heavily on health minister Damodar Rout who has been charge-sheeted in a criminal case for his alleged anti-dalit remarks and former minister Pradeep Maharathy for his alleged involvement in the Pipili \"rape\" and murder case.Terming Rout a criminal, Punia said the government should side with the victims in the atrocity case against the minister. To a media query on his \"criminal\" remark, Punia countered, \"What do you call a man against whom criminal cases are pending?\"Rout was charge-sheeted for allegedly referring to Jagatsinghpur MLA Bishnu Das, Jagatsinghpur MP Bibhu Prasad Tarei and ADM Upendra Mallick as \"harijans\" at a public meeting in Jagatsinghpur in August 2010.Addressing a press conference here, Punia said the state government has assured the commission not to extend any legal help to Rout and pursue the case against him more vigorously.Punia added that Rout has got a stay from the Orissa high court in the case, but that doesn't mean he was innocent. The government through its advocate general will approach the court to vacate the stay, Punia said.Reacting to the NCSC's observation, Rout told reporters that he had never sought government help in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069589", "title": "Doctors relive the good old days at PGI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This could be a scene from a Bollywood film or a beautiful memory from the bottom of the heart. Years ago, this boisterous group of friends decided to meet at the PGI campus they graduated from. They kept the word, including one who made it to the alumni meet at the PGI Department of Pediatrics despite Hurricane Sandy lashing the United States, where he lives. \"Here comes the Sultan braving the Sandy storm in the US,\" declared Dr Sanjeev Gulati of the 1987 batch about his friend Dr Rajinder Bajwa.These people have busy lives, tight schedules and numerous challenges. But somewhere in their mind, they live the time spent at the coffee house, relishing or complaining about food in the canteen and splurging in Sector 17 over and over again. That was in the 70s and 80s. A long time has passed but the memories are vivid.When it comes to a profession in medicine, insiders will tell you that you just can't get by without humour. Here at the alumni meet, you have Dr Gulati roaring with laughter at the predicament a few junior doctors faced on account of their lack of linguistic skills. \"A doctor who did not understand either Punjabi or Hindi asked a patient for his child's X-ray. He meant to say, 'chaati ka photo but ended up saying shaadi ka photo,\" Dr Gulati recounted with glee.Doctor's life not easyThis could be a scene from a Bollywood film or a beautiful memory from the bottom of the heart. Years ago, this boisterous group of friends decided to meet at the PGI campus they graduated from. They kept the word, including one who made it to the alumni meet at the PGI Department of Pediatrics despite Hurricane Sandy lashing the United States, where he lives. \"Here comes the Sultan braving the sandy storm in the US,\" declared Dr Sanjeev Gulati of the 1987 batch about his friend Dr Rajinder Bajwa.A doctor's life is not easy, especially not in the beginning and this batch also had to rough it out. Dr Santosh Garg, who did his MD in 1974, recalled how he participated in a strike of junior doctors.\"We used to work for 16 hours and were paid only Rs 200. At times, we used to borrow money from our parents. This issue was taken up in the strike,\" Dr Santosh Garg, who now lives in California, remembered.The doctors have come a long way and so has their alma mater. The department was conceived in 1967 and the first MD programme in Neonatology was introduced in PGI back then. \"In our time, there were only five consultants and now there are 38. We have all sub specialties now,\" said a beaming Dr Surjit Singh, a faculty member at the PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17071449", "title": "Fighting for sites tougher than freedom", "text": "BANGALORE: SL Shivaram (83), AV Yethiraju Naidu (84) and VS Hallikere (89) are familiar faces in the portals of the BDA office. They are among 10 freedom fighters who applied for a BDA site under freedom fighters' quota over 10 years ago.The trio claimed to have submitted all documents required for facilitation of the process but till date the sites have been eluding them. \"I participated in the 1942 Quit India Movement as an 18-year-old . I was underground for nine months and imprisoned for 11 months in Dharwad. I used to prepare stencils , wall posters and publicity material for freedom fighters on the run. I also passed on information of the outside world to them so they could be alert to the happenings outside,\" said Hallikere, lamenting the treatment that has been meted out to them.A resident of Bangalore for 55 years now, Hallikere applied for a site almost 12 years ago but nothing has moved yet.It's a similar story for Shivaram, a participant in the Mysore Chalo Movement in 1947. \"Two officers have been transferred since we applied for our sites. We are now in talks with the third officer. We are literally at their mercy,\" he rued.Of 360 people who had applied for sites, only 10 were provided sites. \"We are hoping Sakala will help us,\" said Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17070950", "title": "No bars can break eternal knot between couples", "text": "BAHRAICH: In a unique way of showing love to their husbands, the women prisoners in district jail of Bahraich also observed fast on Karva Chauth.80 women are imprisoned in the jail and 56 of them observed the fast of 'Karva Chauth' and prayed for the long life and well-being of their husbands.Jail superintendent AKSingh said that 56 women prisoners observed the fast. The jail administration did provide all the facilities to the women prisoners but their wish of seeing the moon and a glimpse of their husband has been unfulfilled. The jail administration provided all the cooperation to the women prisoners for performing 'Pooja' who broke their fast out of formality due to being in jail away from the husband. According to the jail manual no prisoners is allowed to go out of the barrack at night and in view of this the women prisoners were forced to perform 'Pooja' inside the barrack only and they broke their fast by seeing the moon light through the holes of the barrack.The festival 'Karva Chauth' is very special for the married women, they feel themselves proud by seeing the face of their husbands along with the moon but for the women prisoners in district jail the festival of 'Karva Chauth' is merely a formality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17069488", "title": "32-year-old man dies in e-way accident", "text": "NOIDA: In a case of replication of the 'boy who cried wolf', a man's family ignored calls of the police when they told them that he had died in a road accident on Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. After police finally managed to convince family members about the mishap, they revealed that the victim used to lie frequently to his family members that he had met with an accident.Police said the deceased has been identified as 32-year-old Anil Kumar Dubey, a native of Kanpur. Dubey had left his house in Harola and his body was found next to his bike on the expressway at 2am. \"The injuries suffered by the victim clearly indicate severe impact. It seems that a truck or some heavy vehicle struck his bike, which caused his death. After his body was discovered by passersby, he was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said a police officer.Cops added that the victim had left home after an argument with his family members. \"The family has told us that there were frequent arguments and the deceased used to call home that he had met with an accident. Even on Thursday night, the family assuming it another pesky call made by the deceased, so they did not react on the first call made by the police. They finally reached the police station to claim his body after cops made calls to his friends and other family members,\" said an officer.The victim had, in the past, asked his friends to call home and say that an accident had occurred. Therefore, it took some time before the family came to the post mortem house. Cops added that the man's uncle had to convince the family members that such a mishap had actually occurred. \"A case has been lodged and a hunt is on to trace the errant driver that caused the mishap,\" police officers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17070919", "title": "Wipro Q2 profit rises 24%", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17068969", "title": "Two youths held in woman murder case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two youths were arrested on Friday for the murder of a 55-year-old woman for gain six months ago at Sirumugai. Police seized 22 sovereigns of gold ornaments from them. They claimed that the youth were involved in series of burglaries in Coimbatore and Tirupur districts.The duo was identified as K Suresh (25), a wall painter and his friend R Thiyagu alias Thiyagarajan (23), both hailing from Kannerimukku near Kotagiri in Nilgiris district. Police said Suresh was staying in a rented house at Cheran Nagar near Vadamangala Karai in Karamadai. Thiyagu was working as cleaner in a truck.On April 9, 2012, M Pathimuthu (55) was found tied up and strangled to death inside her house near Sirumugai. The assailants had snatched and decamped with six sovereigns gold chain from the victim. Her daughter S Laila Begum (28) found her mother's body when she returned home after visiting relatives late in the evening. A special team was formed to nab the culprits.Meanwhile, Suresh and Thiyagu were arrested by Tirupur police on October 19 in connection with a burglary case. On interrogation, the youth confessed that they murdered Pathimuthu and took away six sovereigns of gold jewels from her. The duo was produced before a judicial magistrate court at Mettupalayam and was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17072511", "title": "Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron cast upset with NFDC", "text": "It remains a cult classic for an entire generation of filmgoers. So, when Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron,the 1983 satire directed by Kundan Shah and produced by NFDC, was re-released this week in a new, technically enhanced avatar , it should have been cause for celebration for the cast and crew of the film. But while they are happy about the film's resurrection, they aren't too pleased with the way it was released, minus any fanfare.Naseeruddin, who played the lead along with(late) Ravi Baswani,said without mincing words, \"I am pretty p***ed off with the way the NFDC has released the film without any publicity at all.\" Another member of the cast said, \"No one is pleased with the cursory way the film has been released. Even the so-called restoration is not up to the mark. NFDC should check out what Martin Scorcese has done with Uday Shankar's Kalpana. But at the end of the day, our film has been given a new lease of life, and I am happy about that.\" Satish Kaushik, who played a significant role in the film, said, \"You wish they had applied more thrust to the marketing and release. But then you need budgets for that which NFDC of course won't have.\" NFDC's Head Of Production Vikramjit Roy was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068825", "title": "Cong to fight corruption taint at maha rally", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramlila Maidan in central Delhi is all set to turn into a power centre with the Congress gearing up to put up a show of strength on Sunday at a \"maha rally\". With party units of Delhi, UP, Haryana and Rajasthan promising to crowd the venue with lakhs of supporters, this show of strength is an attempt to fight off allegations of corruption and emerge from the shadows of the scams surrounding the Congress government and ministers at the Centre.With the entire All India Congress Committee top brass putting its weight behind the \"maha rally\" to be addressed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , party president Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, this congregation, being pitched as the largest by the Congress in many years, will lay the foundations of its election campaign for 2013 in the Capital and the 2014 general elections.From hailing its decision to introduce FDI in multi-brand retail to fighting off the taint of corruption, the rally is an attempt by the Congress to blunt the attacks of the BJP-led opposition and the campaign of India Against Corruption activists.With Delhi being the host city for the rally, this is an opportunity chief minister Sheila Dikshit , her ministers and MLAs are making the most of to project their presence by drawing out supporters from their constituencies to the mega rally. With all Delhi MLAs given the task to bring as many supporters as they can from their consitutencies, the rally is emerging as a practice venue for a pre-election assessment of their ability to garner support from voters. According to the CM's parliamentary secretary, each MLA has been assigned a target of getting at least 2,000 people from their constituency.Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president and northeast Delhi MP, JP Aggarwal, said the rally is the party's political platform from where the leadership will put forth its view point strongly.Speaking to TOI, the Delhi CM said that this rally is a good sign for the capital which is set to witness an assembly poll later next year. \"A maha rally like this plays a big role in raising the spirits of party workers and supporters and will charge party workers to perform better,\" Dikshit said.Ramlila Maidan is being decked to cater to a gathering of over a lakh. Besides the permanent stage at the venue from where the PM, Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi are expected to address the gathering, four temporary stages are being erected to accommodate the Union ministers, all Congress Working Committee members and senior leaders from the states, media and musicians being brought in to churn out patriotic numbers to build the fervor among the crowd.Around 10,000 security personnel are expected to be on duty to ensure that the rally is peaceful. To cater to the crowds, the venue has been equipped with arrangements for water, as many as 200 dry toilets and ambulances on standby for emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069093", "title": "Transgenders arrested for robbing man", "text": "CHENNAI: Two transgenders were arrested on Friday for robbing 8,500 from a businessman a day earlier while he was leaving a bank in Indira Nagar. A police officer identified them as Geetha, 23, and Anu, 24, of Tondiarpet.The officer said Kannadasan, 28, of Vysarpadi had been to the bank to deposit money on Thursday. \"He could not deposit the money because it was past the bank's working hours, so he put the cash in his shirt pocket and decided to return home,\" he said. \"Before he could get into his car, two transgenders intercepted him and asked for money. As he was taking out some change, they snatched the money from his pocket and fled the spot.\"Kannadasan made futile attempts to trace them. A few passers-by also searched for them but they had made good their escape.Police registered on a complaint by Kannadasan and based on a description of the culprits by him, they tracked down Geetha and Anu and seized the money from them.Investigators are interrogating them to see if they were involved in other crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069539", "title": "Criminal who shot cop held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Friday nabbed an absconding criminal, who was member of the gang that shot dead a constable in Lakhimpur Khiri on October 28.A native of Sitapur who has been named in 10 criminal cases, Dhiru Mishra was caught following sustained surveillance at Kursi Road. Dhiru along with other gang members and Sumit Tanda, a history-sheeter with 17 criminal cases had an ambush with police in Lakhimpur Khiri , in which constable Umesh Kumar was critically injured and later died. The police team led by Chandrashekar Singh, in charge of Gudamba police nabbed Dhiru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069586", "title": "'Canadian PM won't go to dhaba'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper may not have to forego spicy butter chicken from a \"dhaba\" in Sector 28 after all. The prime minister was scheduled to visit the \"dhaba\" during his November 7 visit. A team from the Canadian embassy also conducted a survey at the \"dhaba\". However, the visit was shelved for security reasons.Addressing media persons on Friday, Shiv Raj, media officer in the Canadian prime minister's office said, \"The prime minister won't go to any 'dhaba' or attend any other programme in the city due to security reasons. Earlier, he was to visit the dhaba, but the visit was cancelled on the advice of officers in the prime minister's security staff.\"However, the prime minister may still get to sample the famed \"dhaba\" cuisine. According to the media officer, \"Because he wanted to have Punjabi food after hearing about it from the large NRI population, we will provide him with spicy Punjabi food wherever he stays. There's also the possibility of carrying packed food from the 'dhaba'.\" Scot Slessor, consul general with the Canadian embassy, said, \"The prime minister loves Punjabi food, especially chicken and lassi. But now his visit to the 'dhaba' is not possible. Punjabis have very cordial relations with Canadians and this visit will strengthen them even more.\"Canadian officials said the PM would not interact with the media in Chandigarh as such a session had already been scheduled in New Delhi. However, he had some meetings on the itinerary, which had been kept secret. Sources said the prime minister, in all likelihood, would meet the chief ministers of Punjab and Haryana and governors of both states.Officials said the visit of the Canadian prime minister would begin from November 5, when he was scheduled to visit the Taj Mahal with his wife and ministers. He is to reach Chandigarh on November 7. He will visit Anandpur Sahib the same day, after which he will visit the Khalsa Heritage Centre there and return in the evening. He will leave for Bangalore on November 8. For now, officials are tightlipped about PM's itinerary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "17070138", "title": "Bibi comes out of jail in victory procession", "text": "KAPURTHALA: Former SGPC chief Bibi Jagir Kaur was released from Kapurthala Model jail, where her supporters had gathered outside the gate to extend her \"moral support.\" She was released around 5.45pm but she took her a considerable time to reach the outer gate of the boundary wall because of the mad rush of her supporters.Her son-in-law Yuvraj Bhupinder Singh and close aides ensured that Bibi got a grand welcome and turned the occasion into a show of strength, to demonstrate that the case had no bearing on her political career and that she still enjoyed the \"moral support\" of people in her constituency.Hundreds had gathered at her dera in Begowal village. Her supporters had started reaching the jail early in the afternoon and on the way women also greeted her. It appeared that though she faced a lot of criticism from several quarters, but a major section of her voters in the constituency and supporters of Akali Dal, the case had little moral stumps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17071309", "title": "Chennai: Garbage to make way for green spaces", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai will invite bids next week from 11 solid waste management companies it has shortlisted for the scientific closure of the Perungudi and Kodungaiyur dump yards.Now that the civic body has identified four sites outside the city to dump garbage, corporation officials propose to replace the scandalously polluting dump yards within the city with large gardens.Environmentalists remain unconvinced that the project will be eco-friendly, but the project could lead to a radical improvement in the quality of life of people who live near the dumpsites. The residents have long complained of health problems from the burning of garbage in Perungudi and Kodungaiyur and the spillover of waste that attracts swarms of flies and mosquitoes.Central Public Health and Environmental Engineering Organisation has given the corporation the go-ahead to use two methods to close the dumpsites \u00e2\u20ac\u201d biomining and capping. Biomining involves the segregation of part of a dumpsite to make a landfill, ideally creating as small a 'footprint' as possible. Workers lay underground pipelines to direct leachate (potentially hazardous liquids that absorbed suspended compounds from the waste) to a treatment plant and to pump methane to a collection point. Compostable waste is removed through sieving, and sold for use as manure or for landscaping.Workers heat and compact the remaining inert waste, and push it into the landfill. They spray it with gases to sterilise it and suppress odour, cover the landfill with a layer of gravel and soil and place a metal sheet over the landfill.\"The sheet prevents rainwater from percolating into the soil and stops toxic gasses from escaping into the air,\" said R M Rao, who heads the Indian operations of Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd, one of the firms shortlisted for the project. The sheet is covered with layers soil so plants can be grown on top.Capping is a quicker procedure. Once workers lay underground pipes to collect gas and leachate, the entire dumpsite is covered with gravel and clay, over which layers of soil are laid on a metal sheet. This method also allows for plants and trees to be grown on the surface. Capping is a more cost-saving method but biomining is more eco-friendly. Biomining a dump yard the size of Kodungaiyur is likely to take around five years and cost 70 crore, the executive said.No habitation of any sort can be allowed on a closed dumpyard. But people living around 269-acre Kodungaiyur dump yard could get a 200-acre park in the near future and residents of localities near the 200-acre Perungudi dumpsite, a park of around 150 acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17071310", "title": "Digitization of driving licences gathers pace", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just ahead of the government pushing for legislation to allow higher penalty for repeating traffic offences, the road transport and highways ministry has stepped up digitization of all driving licences (DLs) and vehicle registration certificates (RCs).The total number of registered vehicles stands at 15.25 crore over 10% of the country's entire population and there are 8.46 crore drivers with valid driving licences.Speaking at a road safety workshop, organized by International Road Federation (IRF) here on Friday, joint secretary (transport) Sanjay Bandopadhyay said so far, 9.96 crore RCs and 2.60 crore DLs have been captured in the national register. \"We have started digitizing the remaining legacy data of 5.29 crore RCs and 5.86 crore DLs. Once the data is available on the national register, all law enforcing agencies will be able to get details of any vehicle or any driver. Only when we have this data online, frequent offenders can be identified by a traffic cop and can be penalized,\" he added.Digitization of RCs and DLs is being seen as the first major move to improve enforcement of traffic rules across the country and also to eliminate duplicity as far as DLs are concerned. The government has lined up several other measures to tame errant drivers, including a central notification making it mandatory for any DL applicant to undergo a formal training and to take a driving test that would be assessed.In yet another sign of a paradigm shift in the approach of government, senior road department officials have started admitting that not just drivers but bad road engineering and poor signage are contributing to accidents and fatalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17069378", "title": "Nigerians, locals clash at Vagator", "text": "MAPUSA: A clash between locals and Nigerians was reported at Anjuna police station in which a Nigerian was severely injured.Sources informed TOI that a local youth from Caisua had allegedly died of a drug overdose five months ago, with the narcotics allegedly supplied by a Nigerian. Since then, there were clashes between locals and the Nigerians. The incident had developed hatred amongst locals against the Nigerians.Sources also informed that the Nigerians have formed a group which has had scuffles with locals. The growing animosity among locals towards the African tourists was exposed when they clashed with Innocent Umach, 28, a Nigerian national presently staying at Parra-Bardez.Umach has complained to Anjuna police that he was assaulted on October 31 at 3pm at Ozrant, Vagator.Police said that the complainant has stated that the accused Omkar and seven unknown persons armed with deadly weapons like chopper, beer bottles etc formed an unlawful assembly and assaulted him with choppers and bottles on his hand and other parts of the body thereby causing him serious injuries and attempted to commit his murder.Anjuna police have registered offences under Sections 143, 147, 148, 504, 307 read with 149 IPC. The Nigerian is presently undergoing treatment at GMC, Bambolim.Sources informed TOI that during the confrontation, the Nigerian shot a bullet towards a local which hit the side indicator of a car.After this, the locals clashed with the Nigerian. Despite this decline in hospitality, Nigerians are keen to stay in the state, so much so, many are willing to risk overstaying in the country without valid documents or with forged visas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073208", "title": "Sam Anderson to shake a leg with Shiva", "text": "Youtube sensation Sam Anderson is a part of Shiva starrer 'Sonna Puriyadhu' and would be shaking alongside Shiva who plays the protagonist in 'Sonna Puriyadhu', which is being helmed by debutant Krishnan Jayaraj.The director is a former associate of C S Amudhan. Sam Anderson is a YouTube favorite among many for his impressive dancing in Yarukku Yaaro .Sam Anderson's previous moves in video songs like ' Raasaathi ' have gone viral among viewers and have got much debate. Now, teaming up with Shiva, we can expect a scintillating performance from the star.Shiva, being an interesting dancer himself is sure to be delighted to have gotten the chance to work with Sam Anderson.This movie will showcase the story of voice dub artists who help in translating foreign language films. Blade Shankar an other RJ who also playing as a voice dub artist in the movie as Shiva's friend. The addition of Sam Anderson to the list is should to stir things up!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "keonjhar/rourkela", "code": "17071137", "title": "Shah Commission glare on Sundergarh, Keonjhar mines", "text": "KEONJHAR/ROURKELA: A five-member Shah Commission team led by U B Singh, assistant principal conservator of forest of Karnataka government, visited mines in Koira mining sector in Sundergarh district and Joda mining sector of Keonjhar district on Friday. The commission is probing into the multi-crore coal scam in the country.In Keonjhar, the panel visited Sirazuddin and Rungta mines in Joda mining sector. They took note of excess production, environment clearance and the terms of trade between the contractors and the owners at the two mines. The commission then visited the pits of Rungta mines in the disputed area bordering the area of Odisha Mining Corporation.In Sundergarh district, the probe team visited as many as four different mines of Koira mining sector and inquired in to various irregularities.According to sources, the team entered Koira mining sector on Thursday afternoon, after inspecting two mines in neighboring Keonjhar district and started their inspection from B I Co Rungta mines located at Nadidihi area. The team also visited the Jindal mines area in Tensa and also made a detailed inquiry about various irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070954", "title": "Hussain comes alive inexhibition of his works", "text": "PATNA: Patna streets may have seen a chaotic day on Friday, courtesy rallies and protest marches, but at the Takshila Art Gallery on the premises of College of Arts and Crafts here, serenity prevailed as the place was drenched in the artistic fervour of the imprints of M F Hussain.At the gallery, a total of 39 paintings on display, touching various spheres of human existence, left the visitors awestruck. A painting depicting maternal bonding between a mother and her child through the figures of Mother Teresa and little Krishna caught the attention of the visitors. Another canvas showing the merging figure of a tiger and a tribal woman too was appreciated.\"M F Hussain attributed the women in his paintings with tremendous power and strength, thus the baby in her arms shows her maternal instincts and the tiger shows her energy and valour,\" said noted painter and former principal of College of Arts and Craft, Shyam Sharma, who inaugurated the exhibition, referring to one of the paintings.\"Indian culture is full of colours, and the colourful and vibrant painting of 'the myths of Lord Ganesha and Bharatnatyam in Dravidian culture' is an example of our rich culture,\" said Ayush Malik of Delhi Public School (DPS), Patna.Another student, Saumya Anand, from the same school, could identify secularism as a significant part of the paintings. \"We can see shades of different religion in a single piece, this is what fascinates me about these pictures,\" she said.Women's liberation too was among the many themes of the paintings, as a painting illustrating the longing of a Muslim woman to break free from the shackles of restrictions imposed on her, grabbed the attention of the spectators.Most of the paintings that were liked by the viewers were dedicated to horses. \"Hussain was a person packed with tremendous agility. Even at the age of 95, he was very much active and that energy and liveliness are depicted in the paintings of horses,\" explained Madan Kumar, art and design teacher in DPS, Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073406", "title": "Kristen Stewart would love to do a Bollywood film", "text": "The couple gets candid with TOI on films, India and their relationshipHave your careers given you enough creative space? Kristen: I'm very happy with what I'm being offered in terms of character, story and scope for performance. Robert: I am very lucky to pursue different career paths. I also consider myself a singer, songwriter and producer even though my mainstay is acting.A lot of hollywood filmmakers and actors have visited india. Any plans to visit the country? Kristen: I've heard a lot of amazing things about India and can't wait to visit! Robert: I have heard a lot about its vibrant culture. I got to know a lot about India while working with Mira Nair.What places would you like to visit? Kristen: I'm going to have to take a lot of tips from friends and people who have visited to know which destinations are a must see.Rob: I would like to visit all the famous landmarks like Taj Mahal, the palace cities in Rajasthan, the backwaters of Kerala, etc.Have you heard of bollywood? Kristen: I have heard a lot about Bollywood and if I'm ever given the right script and opportunity, I'd love to do a Bollywood film.Rob: I got to know about India while working with Mira Nair but I have very limited knowledge of Bollywood. I have heard quite a few good things about the Indian film industry and its actors. The music there is really vibrant.Filmmakers You Would Like To Work With In The Future? Kristen: I am greedy and want to work with all kinds of directors. Big or small, doesn't matter, if the role interests me, I am game.Rob: I would definitely want to work with the director who will be making a James Bond film ten years from now. To play James Bond would be the ultimate challenge.In the past couple of months, a lot has been reported on your relationship status. how have you both coped with it? Kristen: We are fine. (smiles) Rob: I prefer not to talk about media speculation on my personal life.Actors you both look up to in the industry? Kristen: One of my favourite actresses is Jodie Foster. I think this has a lot to do with me starring in my first movie with her. Robert: I aspire to be Jack Nicholson. I love his every single mannerism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070952", "title": "Cabinet approves Rs 500cr for fencing of graveyards", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Friday granted administrative approval to spend Rs 500 crore on fencing of graveyards in next five years and also sanctioned Rs 12 crore as grant-in-aid for payment of salary arrears to the teachers and non-teaching employees of unaided elementary and minority schools.It also approved a home (special) department's proposal to declare the Local Area Engineering Organization (LAEO) as the 'executing agency' for execution of graveyard-fencing work across the state. \"Till date, the graveyard-fencing work was being executed by different government agencies through district magistrates (DMs). Now it will be done by the works divisions of LAEO,\" cabinet secretariat department's principal secretary Vijoy Prakash said and added the funds, which were earlier sent to the DMs concerned, would now be allocated directly to the LAEO's works divisions.The cabinet also approved Rs 33 crore for construction of a two-lane RCC bridge on the Burhi Gandak at Kodariya Ghat under the Minapur block in Muzaffarpur district. It also approved expenditure of Rs 2.69 crore on the establishment wing of Integrated Child Development Scheme in financial year 2012-13.The cabinet further gave its nod to a finance department's proposal to provide 30% special allowance to the officers of central paramilitary forces deputed as additional SPs (operations) in the anti-Naxal operation in different districts.Special school in ex-DGP's houseThe state cabinet on Friday decided to open a 'special school' for differently-abled children at the Rukunpura (Patna) bungalow of former DGP Narayan Mishra. The three-storey building was confiscated in August this year after the Patna high court upheld a special vigilance court's order to confiscate Mishra's property under the provisions of the Bihar Special Courts Act, 2009. Mishra has been facing a DA case amounting to Rs 1.4 crore. The state government is already running schools from seized buildings of suspended IAS officer S S Verma and suspended treasury clerk Girish Kumar at Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17068713", "title": "Election plea against Sushma dismissed", "text": "JABALPUR: MP high court on Friday dismissed one of the two election petitions filed against senior BJP leader and member of parliament (MP) from Vidisha Sushma Swaraj. The petitioner Balbir Singh Tomar while challenging Swaraj's election, had alleged that the norms for randomization EVM set by the election commission were not followed to give her undue advantage.The petition, listed for hearing on Friday, was dismissed by justice K K Lahoti on technical ground (want of prosecution) after his counsel failed to make his appearance on the hearing.Meanwhile justice Lahoti has fixed December 7 for next hearing in Rajkumar Patel versus Sushma Swaraj case. Patel, the Congress candidate against Swaraj from Vidisha constituency, had challenged cancellation of his nomination papers by the retuning officer alleging that the move was prompted in a bid to pave the way for Swaraj's easy victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070166", "title": "20% auto/cabs may fail meter-update last date", "text": "MUMBAI: Going by the present pace of auto/taxi meter recalibration, there is a possibility that 20% of the passenger vehicles may fail to meet the November 25 deadline, RTO sources said.Transport commissioner V N More wants the owners to hurry up and has appealed to citizens not to pay the new fares from November 26 if the meter of their auto/taxi is not recalibrated.\"A recalibrated e-meter will first flash the fare of Rs 15 in autos and Rs 19 in taxis. The moment you see these figures, be rest assured that the e-meter has been recalibrated and you will have to pay for every additional 100 metres,\" said regional transport officer (Tardeo) Madhukar Jadhav.So far, close to 15,000 autos and 7,000 taxis have got their e-meters recalibrated. RTO officials said most drivers were dumping mechanical meters for electronic ones and this was good news for commuters. But considering there are one lakh autos and 44,000 taxis in Mumbai, there is still a long way to go to get all the meters recalibrated, said a RTO official. A senior official said that the department will begin raids from November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17069387", "title": "Three rescued from drowning off Candolim beach", "text": "Calangute: A group of three tourists from Navi Mumbai were rescued from drowning off Candolim beach on Thursday evening.Drishti lifeguards said in a statement Asif Sayeed, 24, Sajeet Faradi, 27, and Sarafi Beg, 26, were swimming at around 5.50pm in a no-swim zone off Candolim beach despite warnings from the lifeguards present to not swim there. They soon got caught in a rip current and were dragged 30m seawards. They started struggling to swim back and gestured for help to those on the beach.Lifeguards went to their rescue with a rescue board and brought them to the safely to the shore on a jet-ski. They were allowed to go after being given a briefing on safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068588", "title": "Pending probes no ground to deny babus promotions: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that may benefit a number of government officials who have to face corruption charges on flimsy grounds, the Centre has directed all ministries not to deny vigilance clearance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of the prerequisites of being considered for promotion - to officials only because of pending disciplinary, criminal or court cases against them.If such government officials are given prior vigilance clearance for assignments that are not related to the pending cases, their promotion will not be unnecessary delayed once they are cleared of all charges.Reviewing the instructions pertaining to vigilance clearance for promotion, the department of personnel and training (DoPT) on Friday asked all Central ministries and departments to expedite the vigilance clearance of such government officials, saying \"no promotion can be withheld merely on the basis of suspicion or doubt or where the matter is under preliminary investigation\".The department, noting delay in conclusion of such cases as he reason for issuing such directionadvisory, also asked all the ministries to strengthen vigilance infrastructure and conclude all disciplinary cases in \"a time-bound manner\".The step will, however, help only those officials who are not under suspension or who haven't been issued charge sheet or against whom prosecution of criminal charge is not pending.The DoPT, in its four-page note, said that though the existing instructions provided for \"processing the cases of disciplinary proceedings in a time-bound manner\", a number of cases had come to notice where initiation of disciplinary issue or filing of charge sheet was \"considerably delayed\" by the administrative departments.\"Such delays allow an officer, whose conduct is under cloud, to be considered for promotion,\" said the department.It added, \"If the charges against a government servant are grave enough and whom government does not wish to promote, it is open to the government to suspend such an officer and expedite the disciplinary proceedings.\"Final promotion will depend on clean records of the officials. The department cited a 1991 Supreme Court judgment, which said that en employee found guilty of misconduct cannot be placed on par with the other employees and his case has to be treated differently.\"An employee has no right to promotion. He has only a right to be considered for promotion. The promotion to a post and more so, to a selection post, depends upon several circumstances. To qualify for promotion, the least that is expected of an employee is to have an unblemished record,\" the apex court had held in its judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070409", "title": "Credai fears slew of VAT-related litigation", "text": "PUNE: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai), Pune Metro, said on Friday that the state government's decision to stick to its stand on the Value Added Tax (VAT) on residential properties in the state - sold during the period June 2006 to March 2010 - will lead to multiple legal cases and cause ill-will between the developers and home buyers.After the Bombay high court declined to interfere with the state's discretion to decide the tax rate October 30 and the state refused to change the rates it had declared earlier, realtors across the state had to rush to pay VAT on October 31.Satish Magar, president, Credai, Pune Metro, said the developers have begun remitting their VAT liability though some couldn't remit their entire dues before the deadline. \"WThe process of paying the tax is on and we have requested the sales tax authorities to condone the delay as their own system could not accept the rush of remittances which kept coming through the night of October 31,\" he said.While that issue is solved separately,Meanwhile, Credai members will have to now recover VAT which they paid on behalf of the apartment owners. Trashing the claims of some consumer organizations that it was not the customer but the developer who was liable to pay VAT, Magar said VAT is an indirect tax and like all indirect taxes the 'dealer' (a developer in this transaction) has to collect it from the customer.Magar said the assessment of the VAT returns, which the developers have filed, and the recovery of the tax from customers are likely to lead to prolonged litigation. \"Rule 58 of the Sales Tax Rules suggests three methods to determine the base value of an apartment for calculation of tax. We have followed the method that causes the lowest burden on a customer, but the sales tax officers may demand tax based on the method that gives the highest amount. This will certainly be subject of appeals and court cases which will take years to reach a solution.\"On the other hand, the customers are agitated and apparently in no mood to pay anything as VAT dues, so the developers may have to resort to legal remedies such as civil suits for recovering the tax, Magar pointed out. \"The Supreme Court has upheld the state's approach to the issue and the customers will have to ultimately pay up, though considerable delay and bitterness will mark this process,\" Magar said.Highlighting the complexity of calculations necessary to arrive at the VAT amount for each apartment, Magar said, \"The state has over 10,000 dealers who have to file 26 quarterly returns to fulfill their obligation to pay VAT. This works out to 2,60,000 returns for the sales tax officials to scrutinize. Also, as each apartment is sold at different points in time and at different stages of construction, the base value for working out VAT will be different for every apartment.\"Credai had pleaded with the Bombay high court that the state be directed to modify the rate of tax to a flat 1% on the agreement value, which it is charging on transactions done on or after April 1, 2010, anyway. The court asked the state's counsel if this was acceptable and when the state declined the suggestion, dismissed the developers' case.Magar said Credai would continue to follow up with the state government their request to modify the VAT to a flat 1%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17071220", "title": "Medical team in Malkangiri to identify killer disease", "text": "KORAPUT: A six-member team from Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC), Bhubaneswar, reached Malkangiri district on Friday on a two-day visit to find out the reason behind deaths of at least 23 children in past few weeks. The kids fell prey to an unknown disease.\"The research team will collect blood samples from the affected children for laboratory test,\" said CDMO (Malkangiri) Sasi Bhusan Mishra who accompanied the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069584", "title": "Slice of Amritsar in City Beautiful", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For those who love Punjabi food, here is a fine opportunity to relish those delightful dishes being offered at the Amritsari food festival, organized by CITCO Chandigarh, at Kalagram from November 2 to 4. Cooks from Amritsari have been specially brought in to prepare authentic dishes for the city residents, which includes both vegetarian and non vegetarian dishes. Food lovers can also enjoy live performances by Punjabi cultural groups, who will perform Punjabi sufi dances, during the festival.As known to every food connoisseur, Amritsar, Punjab's holy city is not just known for the very famous butter chicken, but it is also well-known for its scrumptious assortment of Punjabi dishes from roadside eateries to well-known \"dhabas\".The food fiesta offers vegetarian and non vegetarian Amritsari cuisines and one can choose from array of scrumptious dishes. For non vegetarian, the platter includes Amritsari fish fried, makhmali chicken tikka, naram-garam kalmi kabab, masala tandoori chicken, tandoori shammi kabab and mix platter. In the vegetarian menu enthusiasts can pick from paneer dilruba, dal makhni, lahori chole and vegetable of the day. Besides, they have a variety of rotis and paranthas on offer. For those with a sweet tooth there would be kesri kheer, jalebi rabri, malpua rabri and pista gulab jamun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069216", "title": "Business biggies in race for SoBo chain Moshe\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s", "text": "MUMBAI: Wealthy businessmen and private equity biggies have queued up to buy Moshe's, one of Mumbai's well-known bistros built over the past decade. Anjan Chatterjee of Mainland China, New Silk Route and Bangalore-based hotelier Prakash Shetty are in the reckoning to acquire majority ownership from the 43-year-old Jewish owner, Moshe Shek, who runs a chain of around ten cafes and restaurants.Shek, who earlier worked in the kitchens of the Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai and Tel Aviv Hilton, is considering final bids after appointing Lodha Capital Markets to find a buyer. Prakash Shetty is learned to be the frontrunner for Moshe's.The founder will retain a small stake and continue to manage the business, said people familiar with the development. Moshe's is the latest in a series of investment deals in the food and beverage (F&B;) industry which are attracting a new breed of entrepreneurs and investors.A quintessential SoBo chain, Moshe's started with Mediterranean cuisine in the millionaire boulevard of Cuffe Parade. It set off on an expansion spree in the recent past, taking its footprint to the metrop's other upscale locations. Sources said the bidding for Moshe's has been a hotly contested affair with a slew of other investors, including Dabur family scion Mohit Burman and Everstone Capital, co-founded by two former Goldman Sachs bankers, evincing an interest. Moshe Shek was unavailable for comment.Global investors have poured big bucks into India's heavily fragmented restaurant business to ride the buoyant domestic consumption story. Everstone acquired Blue Foods that manages restaurant brands like Bombay Blue, Copper Chimney and Noodle Bar, while Burman's LiteBite's took over Punjab Grill of Jiggs Kalra.More recently, India Equity Partners purchased a controlling interest in New Delhi's south Indian chain Sagar Ratna and New Silk Route took a big bite off Bangalore's Adiga's restaurant network. Private equity arms of Aditya Birla and tech czar Azim Premji too have cut deals in the F&B; industry in recent months.The trend points to institutionalization of the F&B; business, especially the niche high-margin chains, like Moshe's that boasts of profit margins topping 30%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17070664", "title": "Gujarat polls: State Cong questions Modi's marital status", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070433", "title": "IAC claims shoe-thrower a 'close aide' of Gandhi family", "text": "NEW DELHI: India Against Corruption (IAC) on Friday charged Jagdish Sharma, who had hurled a shoe at Arvind Kejriwal disrupting the press conference on Wednesday, of being a \"close aide\" of the Gandhi family.Releasing photographs of Sharma with Sonia Gandhi and Robert Vadra, an IAC statement said, \"He seems to be a close aide of Gandhi family. Has the Nehru-Gandhi family descended to (Salman) Khurshid's level where they would send goons to disrupt our meeting? In such circumstances, any attack on IAC activists would have to be presumed to be at the behest of Congress if unless the contrary is proved.\"Sharma and two others had disrupted a press conference of Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan on Wednesday.The Congress activist, who has fallen out of favour after controversies surrounding him threatened to embarrass the leadership, was unfazed. He claimed that he had actually hit Kejriwal twice with shoes but denied that he had been sent by anyone to disrupt the press conference.He described himself as Vadra's gold buddy and said that he acted out of the feeling that all party workers have.\"There are many pictures of many workers like the one which has been shown. This does not mean that they had asked me to carry out. This was my own reaction as a common man. I hurled a shoe at Kejriwal because he has tarnished the image of country in front of the whole world. I am a worker of Congress but not a leader,\" he said.Sharma had started shouting slogans after the forum was opened for questions at the press conference. He threw a shoe at the stage but missed his mark. A scuffle followed and Sharma and two others were thrown out of the venue by IAC volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073657", "title": "Enjoy being on my toes all the time: Asrani", "text": "Asrani who has contributed to the Hindi film industry for over four decades enthralled audiences when he was in town recently. Over tea, he shared, \"I've a strong connect with Ahmedabad. I am still remembered for my film, Amdavad No Rikshawalo!\"  So what's the secret behind the energy we see in his performances? \"I've been lucky to have worked with legendry filmmakers like Hrishikesh Mukherjee, Shakti Samanta. I enjoy working and being on my toes all the time.\" One of Asrani's abiding passions is watching movies. \"As someone who hails from Jaipur, I never knew world of cinema was so huge. When I studied at Film &amp; Television Institute of India, I got introduced to films from around the world It was an eye-opener for me and since then watching movies became the part of life. When I am not watching films, I enjoy reading and writing scripts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070442", "title": "Door-to-door waste collection resumes in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: Three temporary contractors, appointed by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, have started door-to-door collection of garbage in two zones. The work was earlier being done by SWaCH, a wastepickers' cooperative. The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ended its agreement with SWaCH, recently.Health executive officer RB Chavan said garbage collection is being carried out in zone A (Nigdi,Akurdi, Chinchwad, Chikhli and other areas), and in zone D (Pimpale Saudagar, Pimpale Gurav, Pimpale Nilakh, Wakad, Sangvi, Kalewadi and other areas). The civic body is spending over Rs 1.71 crore for the effort.Chavan said the health department has provided 55 hopper rickshaws for garbage collection in Zone A and 70 hopper rickshaws in Zone D. The contractors have deployed their drivers, labourers and supervisors. The garbage will be dumped at designated spots from where the civic body transports it to the Moshi garbage depot. About 250 tonnes of garbage is being collected every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17069700", "title": "Karva Chauth: Ludhiana over the moon", "text": "LUDHIANA: Karva Chauth was an upbeat occasion for women in Ludhiana. The festival saw breaking of regional boundaries with women coming together to celebrate with gusto. Breaking of the Karva Chauth fast is not restricted to rooftops anymore. This time, women congregated in local clubs, neighbourhood parks and of course, temples.Model Town resident Neetu Verma invited six of her friends to her house for Karva Chauth rituals. \"We organized a 'path' and narrated 'karva' stories. Once the moon came up, we performed rituals to break the fast. It was a day of fun, we sang folk songs and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly,\" Neetu, a homemaker, said.At Hope Welfare Society, Karva Chauth was a gala affair with around 300 women having the ''sargi'' together and inviting a pandit to lead the ceremonies. According to a beaming Nandini Jairath, \"This is the first time we are organizing such a huge function and we had amazing response. We gave away surprise gifts and titles to the ladies. Many of them also walked the ramp.\"The Virvani House at BRS Nagar was abuzz with elaborate Karva ceremonies, attended by 50 women from the neighbourhood. The years have not dampened the enthusiasm of 75-year-old Sudesh Virvani in the least. \"Festivals are fun when you have people around to celebrate and we have been celebrating 'karva' for more than a decade. We organize 'katha' and all the guests assemble in our garden,\" she said.In Gurdev Nagar, the society park glittered with 70 women dressed in their bridal finery. The ladies sang karva songs and danced till the appearance of the moon, which signaled the beginning of a full blown feast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17072541", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav withdraws criminal cases against Bhatta-Parsaul farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW:Uttar Pradesh (UP) government late on Friday evening ordered withdrawal of all criminal cases against the jailed farmers and their leaders. The cases were lodged against farmers following violent clash with the police in Bhatta-Parsaul in Gautambudhnagar in May, 2011. The farmers were agitating against land acquisition by the then Mayawati government. Four persons, including two farmers and two police personnel, were killed in the clash.In a press statement, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that inquiries revealed that the farmers were innocent. They were agitating for their rights but were harassed and implicated in false cases by the previous Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime, he said. He said that the Samajwadi Party (SP) had promised in its election manifesto to withdraw cases, if found to be fabricated, against agitating farmers. The withdrawal of cases is in public interest, he said.Among beneficiaries of the government's decision include farmer leader Manveer Singh Teotia, against whom Mayawati government had slapped over two dozen criminal cases. Over two dozen farmers were arrested. While some got bail, nine were in jail for last one-and-half-year. The family members of the farmers and farmers outfits have welcomed the move. \"Its will send a good message among farmers,\" said Sudhir Panwar, president, Kisan Jagriti Manch.Earlier, the SP government had withdrawn criminal cases lodged against farmers who took part in Tappal agitation in Aligarh. The agitation was also against forcible land acquisition by Maywati government. It turned violent on August 14, 2010, when police used force to disburse farmers. The violent clash left five dead, four farmers and a PAC jawan. The charges were dropped against 24 farmers on April 13, 2012, and 37 farmers on September 7, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17073137", "title": "Delhi witnesses thick smog cover this morning", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi has been witnessing a thick fog cover and a thick blanket of smog, a combination of smoke and fog, enveloped the national capital this morning.Over the last four days, the national capital has been witnessing a thick fog cover.The meteorological department has said that this is an indication of dipping temperature and the city will see such weather for a few days.It also says, a wind system is expected to develop and start blowing from the Western side, that is, Rajasthan towards the northern side of the country in a few days.Adding to the chill, fog enveloped the city since the morning. The sun did not come out of the cloud cover.Similar weather is also expected in the next week. The fog is expected to disperse by November 7, the met department said.A western disturbance is likely to affect western Himalayas on November 5 and 6. This may further bring down the temperatures.The met department has forecast shallow fog at the IGI airport with visibility dropping to below 500 metres during these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17069368", "title": "Three detained for illegal transportation of food grain", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police on Friday seized about 400 bags of food grain that was being hoarded at a godown at Curti, Ponda, on Friday. The grain, allotted to a self-help group for the midday meal, was being loaded onto a truck to be transported to Mangalore.The police detained the owner of the godown, Sachin Naik, a resident of Borim-Ponda; owner of the truck Jyotiba Bordekar, 36 and truck driver Vitthal Kastore, 32- both residents of Yellapur-Karnataka.Speaking to TOI, Bordekar said that his truck is attached to the Ashirwad Transport Company at Cuncolim and he was asked to transport the bags from Curti to Mangalore. \"We were only told to transport the bags to Mangalore and that another person would take custody of the bags there,\" Bordekar said.Based on a complaint by Ponda civil supply inspector Apoorva Karpe, the police registered an offence under the Prevention of Blackmarketing and Maintenance of Supply of Essential Commodity Act.Police sources said that they acted on a tip-off from a local, raided the godown and found the food grain being loaded onto the truck.The police found several letters from the vocational education officer authorizing a self-help group to use the food grain. The police are trying to ascertain how the grain reached the godown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17071428", "title": "Extension of drinking water project sought", "text": "KOZHIKODE: M K Raghavan, MP has called for the extension of Unicef-funded pilot project to ensure safe drinking water and better sanitation facilities to the entire state.The project is currently implemented by the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM) in four panchayats in the district.He was inaugurating the workshop on 'model interventions for water and sanitation delivery systems', organized in association with Mavoor grama panchayat on Thursday.The project, launched two years ago, aims at improving the quality of drinking water, especially in public wells in the panchayats. Efforts towards scientific construction of wells and issuance of drinking water cards that will have analytical data on the quality of water have been launched under the project.Under the project, 25 wells in various panchayats were renovated and 10 environmental-friendly toilets were set up. The MP distributed 25 water filters to schools and drinking water cards at the function.CWRDM executive director N B Narasimha Prasad presided. CWRDM scientists P S Harikumar, Madhavan Komath and Mavoor grama panchayat president C Suresh spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069087", "title": "Ministry of home affairs employee found dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 32-year-old man working with the ministry of home affairs was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Neb Sarai area. Police said the deceased, Pramod, had been poisoned. \"We have sent the body for postmortem and are trying to ascertain if he was murdered orkilled himself, said a cop. Pramod was married and had a daughter.\"He got a class IV job after our father's death. On Thursday night he had gone to meet a woman he had got involved with. We received a call around 2am saying he was lying dead at AIIMS,\" said Rinky, Pramod's sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17071443", "title": "Protest to extradite murder accused", "text": "KANNUR: The action committee formed by the people of Kattampally in Kannur in connection with the Ramya murder case in 2010, organized a protest fast in front of the collectorate here on Friday. The action committee members alleged that the authorities have failed to get Shammi Kumar, the alleged killer husband, extradited from Sharjah. He was in the custody of the interpol.Former MLA and CPM leader N Prakashan, who inaugurated the fast, said the police is a failure here and that is why they could not get the accused extradited even though he was in the interpol custody for one month.Representatives of various political parties also addressed the gathering. Chairman of the action committee P Ramesh Babu presided over the function.Ramya's father Amban Ravindran, mother Prabhavathis, and Ramya's children Adith, Karthika and Keerthana also participated in the fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070292", "title": "Office assistant returns lost gold chain to woman", "text": "MUMBAI: In a rare gesture, an office assistant who comes from a modest background returned a gold chain he found lying on a platform at Wadala station on Friday morning. Wadala resident Rushikesh Khargaokar was on his way to work when he found the chain. Khargaokar (28) assists a disabled activist at his office at Zaveri Bazaar and draws a salary of Rs 5,000 per month.Around 10.30 am, Khargaokar was waiting for a CST-bound Harbour line local. He noticed another local arrive and a crowd of commuters get off from the ladies compartment. Among them was a senior citizen whose gold chain broke while she was alighting from the coach.\"The elderly woman was in tears as she searched for her chain. I spotted it on the platform and decided against going to the cops as the woman would have to run around completing formalities to get the chain back. When I handed it over to her, she was relieved and thanked me profusely,\" Khargaokar said. The woman said the chain had emotional value for her and complimented Khargaokar over his honesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069454", "title": "GCCI to take mining dependents' team to RBI", "text": "Panaji: Goa chamber of commerce and industry (Gpresident Manguirish Pai Raikar will lead a delegation of stakeholders from the mining industry involved in extraction and transportation business, to Reserve Bank of India, Mumbai, next week.The delegation will call on deputy governor of RBI in Mumbai on November 6 to urge the apex bank to intervene on repayment of loans.Raikar said that they would submit a memorandum urging the RBI to help the stakeholders of the mining sector for a moratorium on payment, to exempt payment of simple interest, restructuring of loans and to convert them into term loans.The delegation will consist of representatives of barge owners, truck owners, heavy machinery operators and allied services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069606", "title": "Give 'weight' to sweet delights this festive season", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now that the festive season is here, the danger of being shortchanged lurks everywhere, particularly in sweet shops. However, city residents can approach the UT weights and measures department if underweight sweets are sold to them. During a surprise check conducted at five sweet shops in the city, Chandigarh Sweets in Industrial Area, was issued a challan for weighing sweets 100 grams less per kilogram. Balbir Singh, controller, weights &amp; measures department, said the drive would continue in the coming days.Consumers are advised to be vigilant about the quantity of goods sold to them, especially where sweets are concerned. Every consumer has the right to check the quality and quantity of goods he purchases, Kamal Sareen, an inspector with the department, said.Meanwhile, as part of the drive to prevent sale of adulterated khoya and sweets during the festival season, raids were conducted in Dariya village, Industrial Area, Ph-I, Khuda Jassu village and the University campus. ADC Mahavir Kaushik said further action would be taken on the basis of the report of food samples being taken at sweet shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17069250", "title": "No maintenance to father money lands three in trouble", "text": "JAISALMER: Three sons who did not pay Rs 1,000 per month as maintenance to their parents in Barmer are having a tough time. The established authority at the Gudamalani sub division level has sentenced the three to two months' civil imprisonment. It must be mentioned that the maintenance act, passed by the parliament, was implemented in Rajasthan in 2010.Under the act, parents who are treated badly by their children can approach the district administration which will ensure that they get justice. This is the first case in the state when anyone has violated the orders of sub-divisional magistrate.When three sons of Sonaram - Budhram, Pemaram and Kisnaram, refused to give him money, thus, violating the decision given under the case number 1/12. The court on Thursday sentenced the three to two months' civil imprisonment. The court asked the SHO to arrest the three men and hand them over to deputy SP, district jail and submit the report to the court.Sonaram, resident of Naya Kuan of Gudamalani teshil of Barmer, was disinherited from his house by his seven sons on July 27, 2012. After which Sonaram lodged a case in the SDM court. The court as per the maintenance act sub-section 5 directed SHO of the Gudamalani police station to collect Rs 1,000 from each son and give to Sonaram. When the order was not abided at the SHO level, a contempt of court notice was issued. Following which the police station incharge went to collect money from seven sons, four of them gave the money, but three refused.Gudamalani police station incharge Gaurav Amravat said a team has been sent to arrest the sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17071039", "title": "NSCN factional clash forces villagers to flee", "text": "ITANAGAR: A clash broke out over a turf war between the two factions of the NSCN at Ojakho and Chasa villages in Longding and Tirap districts of Arunachal Pradesh , forcing the villagers to flee to safety.Hundreds of villagers from Ojakho, hardly 15km from Chasa village in Tirap district, were caught in the crossfiring of the cadres of the NSCN(IM) and NSCN(K) since Thursday morning, forcing them to flee to safety, sources informed.Seventeen houses in the villages were completely gutted and two others destroyed, sources said.The police headquarters here on Wednesday claimed that paramilitary forces have intensified patrolling in Borduria and Chasa areas following reports of inter-factional clashes between the NSCN(IM) and NSCN(K) there.Chief minister Nabam Tuki Thursday directed police and security forces to take action to curb the violence without any delay. \"It is the responsibility of the government to ensure the security and safety of the lives and property of the people and the state government will do what is needed,\" the CM said.About 60 NSCN(K) cadres camping at Longmai village and about 50 NSCN(IM) cadres camping at nearby Chatong village began a gunfight around 4am Thursday; the violence continued till 11am. Fear gripped the villagers, who ran for life, taking shelter in nearby villages, sources in the area informed.According to unconfirmed sources, an NSCN(IM) cadre was reportedly killed and another injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069235", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration destroys adulterated cooking oil", "text": "NAGPUR: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) destroyed cooking oil costing approximately Rs 10,2479 at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Watoda dumping yard on Thursday. The action was taken following court orders in a case pending for the last three years.FDA team, led by food inspector VP Patil, had seized adulterated oil from M/S Adani Wilmar and Company's Wadi godown, on September 11, 2009.The samples were sent for testing to FDA's Pune laboratory where it was found to be adulterated. Though the administration had sent an application to destroy the adulterated oil stock in December 2009, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High court granted permission to do so only on August 30, 2012. The FDA finally destroyed the oil stock on Thursday.'We destroyed the material only after receiving directives to the effect from the additional chief judicial magistrate in the presence of media representatives,\" said SB Naragude, assistant commissioner of FDA (food).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068767", "title": "Youth bid to fob off fake gold bar foiled, arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police arrested a 30-year-old man when he was allegedly trying to sell a fake gold bar to a resident of the old city on Thursday.After making an advanced payment, the purchaser soon smelt a rat and asked a gold seller, Raja Shivdasani, to verify the purity of the metal from a jeweller. The police said complainant, Arif Ali a resident of Bhanpur, came in contact with Raja who resides in Bairagarh. Raja reportedly told Ali that he runs JCB machine and got three gold bars from an agriculture field recently.Raja reportedly told Ali he would sell it at lower than market price if he was interested in buying the gold bar. The deal was fixed for Rs 3 lakh and Ali gave Raja an advance of Rs 5,000.Raja was soon exposed when Ali asked him to get the purity of gold checked. Initially Raja refused, but later tried to flee from the spot. But he was soon caught and handed over to the police. The police also recovered the bars from him that he claimed was of precious yellow metal.The accused told police that he got the bars from a person in Sehore district. Cases under sections of forgery were registered against Raja. Police said after his arrest, they were receiving calls from various places about fraud committed by him, most related to bouncing of cheques.The accused told police that he got the bars from a person in Sehore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17068995", "title": "Special trains and buses to clear Diwali rush", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Southern Railway will run special trains and Tamil Nadu Transport Corporation, Coimbatore, operate an extra 350 buses on long distance routes to clear the extra rush during the Diwali holidays. The booking for the special trains will begin from 8am on Saturday.According to a senior transport official, spare buses would be deployed along with the regular service. The corporation will operate 100 buses to Salem, 120 buses to Trichy, 40 buses to Ooty and 150 buses to Madurai, he said. The services would begin five days before Diwali and continue for five days after the festival. \"Train services are inadequate and omni buses charge excessive fares. As most south-bound travelers are from lower and middle income groups working in textile units and foundries in Coimbatore, we have to deploy more public transport vehicles,\" said a senior transport official.All south-bound buses will be operated from the Singanallur bus stand. Arrangements have already been made to ensure that every five minutes a bus leaves from Singanallur to Madurai and Trichy. No advance booking will be available on these routes. Buses bound for Hosur, Bangalore and Chennai will be operated from the Thiruvalluvar bus stand at Gandhipuram. According to TNSTC officials, at least 20,000 passengers travel by buses every day during the festival season. Eight per cent of them are bound for Madurai and Trichy.Reservation counters in the city will be open to the public from 8 am to 9 pm on all days. To clear the Diwali rush, the following special trains will be operated.Coimbatore-Chennai Central-Coimbatore Superfast Specials: Train number 06618 Coimbatore-Chennai Central Superfast Special will leave Coimbatore at 9.10pm on November 13 and arrive at Chennai Central at 5.15am the next day. Train number 06617 Chennai Central-Coimbatore Superfast Special will leave Chennai Central at 9pm on November 14 and arrive in Coimbatore at 04.30am the next day. The trains will stop at Tirupur, Erode, Salem, Jolarpettai, Katpadi and Arakkonam. Train number 06618 will stop at Perambur also.Chennai Central-Coimbatore-Chennai Central Superfast Weekly Specials: Chennai Central-Coimbatore Superfast Weekly Special (06015) will leave Chennai Central at 11.30pm on November 11 and arrive in Coimbatore at 6.40am the next day. Coimbatore-Chennai Central Superfast Weekly Special (06016) will leave Coimbatore at 11.45pm on November 12 and arrive at Chennai Central at 7.45am the next day. The trains will stop at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode and Tirupur. Train no. 06015 will stop at Coimbatore North also. Train no. 06016 will stop at Perambur also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070391", "title": "Decision on pay-and-park system deferred", "text": "PUNE: All party leaders deferred on Friday the decision to reintroduce pay-and-park system for two-wheelers in the city.Following orders from former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had proposed to reintroduce the pay-and-park system for two-wheelers. Earlier, in 2010, buckling under pressure from civic groups and citizens, the PMC had withdrawn the pay-and-park scheme for two-wheelers. The system has been applicable for four-wheelers on four city roads.All party leaders discussed the civic administration's August-17 proposal seeking permission to reintroduce the pay-and-park system for two and four-wheelers on main city roads. However, party leaders failed to reach a consensus and decided to take a decision in December.The proposal states, \"The tendency to park vehicles on roads in on the rise in the city because of insufficient parking space. This results in frequent traffic congestions, small accidents and slow traffic movements. As the central city areas have been developed as per the earlier development control rules, the existing parking facility is falling short. To curb parking on roads and facilitate smooth traffic, a pay-and-park system for two and four-wheelers is a must\".Meanwhile, party leaders decided to give Diwali bonus to over 7,000 PMPML employees. The move would to cost the civic body Rs 9 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17070178", "title": "Khaps say violence no answer to check rape", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana's khap leaders have said they don't believe in violent means to check rape cases in the state but are in favour of \"strict measures\" to deal with the crime.On Thursday, JD(U) president Sharad Yadav had exhorted khap panchayats to \"break the hands and legs of persons who dare to rape and sexually exploit dalit girls.\"Kuldeep Dhanda, the convener of Sarv Jatia Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat based in Jind, said on Friday: \"The khap panchayats had to face the ire of the judiciary for various reasons in the past. The Khaps believe in justice and are willing to take steps, such as social boycott. However, we are hesitant to take such measures as we are under constant judicial scrutiny.\"Dhanda said the khaps never believe in caste system. \"People in villages have bond of brotherhood across all castes,\" he said.Baljit Malik, pradhan of Gathwala khap in Sonipat, termed Yadav's call as absurd while saying the khaps had non-violent means to \"teach such elements (rapists) a lesson\". \"Sharad Yadav doesn't understand the concept and functioning of the khaps. People of all caste are equal when they sit in a panchayat,\" he said.Last month, a khap panchayat in Jind had blamed consumption of chowmein for the growing incidents of rapes in Haryana, saying that it led to hormonal imbalance. Similarly, Khap panchayats had drawn flaks after a khap leader advocated lowering girls' marriageable age from 18 to 16, saying that unmarried women are vulnerable to rapes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17071290", "title": "Meet to discuss maternal mortality rate today", "text": "VARANASI: Aiming to save pregnant women from critical situation and discuss clinical experiences of doctors and experts, Institute of Medical Science (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), in collaboration with Varanasi Society of Critical Care Medicine, is organising one-day interactive conference on 'Obstetric critical care for every mother' in the science faculty of the university on November 4.DK Singh of the department of anaesthesiology, IMS, said that national and international experts in the field will participate in the discussion. The current maternal mortality rate (MMR) in India is 212 per lakh, which is high as compared to Sri Lanka where the MMR is 39 per lakh. The situation is worst in Assam and Uttar Pradesh, where MMR is 390 per lakh and 360 per lakh respectively. According to a survey released by Annual Survey Bulletin 2010-2011 in August 2011, the MMR of Faizabad division is 451 per lakh which is highest in the country, while Kerala has the lowest MMR of 81 per lakh. The national goal is to achieve the MMR of 109 per lakh by 2015.As per the records of Sir Sundar Lal (SSL) Hospital, the critically ill pregnant women patients being referred from nearby hospitals to the ICU of the hospital have a survival rate of 60 per cent to 80 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069720", "title": "IIT-K celebrates 53rd foundation day", "text": "KANPUR: Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur celebrated its 53rd foundation day at the campus on Friday. The institute came into existence on November 2, 1959.IIT-K director SG Dhande launched tinkering lab on the occasion. It is a platform for students to involve in hands-on activity in the fabrication processes of mechanical/electrical/electronics elements.The laboratory would provide platform for creative minds to come out of the `think space' to hands-on `tinker space' and transform the ideas into real-life engineering objects and eventually to products and patents. The lab will remain open from 4 pm to 12 midnight and 9 am to 5 pm on Saturday.Another initiative known as PRIME83 was also launched. Promoting research, innovation, mentoring and entrepreneurship (PRIME83) is aimed to nurture students with innovative ideas, mentoring, facilities and fund support from both alumni and the institute. This program is funded by the alumni of 83 batch.The IIT-K administration announced that a new website will be launched soon.IIT-K to hold TEDxThe IIT-Kanpur would hold TEDx, an event meant to train the community of students, faculties and professionals in stimulating dialogue through TED-like experiences. The event will start on Saturday at the main auditorium of IIT-Kanpur.Devised in the spirit of \"Ideas Worth Spreading\", its purpose is to nurture the flame of curiosity in the audience.Through a combination of TED video talks and live speakers, it aims to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group.The theme for this year TEDx, IIT-Kanpur edition, is 'Connecting the Dots', inspired by famous speech of Steve Jobs .Himanshu Aggrawal, a student of the IIT-Kanpur, informed that this year's event marks the presence of some of the legendary figures in their respective domain, including Raju Narayana Swamy, one of India's finest IAS officers famous for his uncompromising stand against corruption and both academic and professional excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17069677", "title": "Karva Chauth: Hubbies too take the 'fast' lane", "text": "LUDHIANA: This Karva Chauth is special for Sharad and Nisha Soni. On their second Karva Chauth, Sharad decided to express his love for his wife by fasting for her. \"During our first Karva Chauth, Sharad understood the essence of every ritual. This time, he surprised me by declaring that he would fast with me. It is a wonderful feeling,\" said dreamy-eyed Nisha, a teacher. Sharad observed the fast for the first time and he did get hunger pangs. But they were more than satiated by the smile on Nisha's face.Nothing beats Karva Chauth when it comes to making your special someone feel on top of the world. After seven years of marriage, 35-year-old Haibowal resident felt like she was seeing her knight in shining armour for the first time when husband Mukesh observed the fast. For the busy businessman, this was no mean feat. Moreover, he generously doled out big money to get her gifts.After the customary worship in front of the moon, many had reserved tables waiting at restaurants, ready for a romantic candlelight dinner. Ashish Shukla, a 30-year-old businessman from Model Gram said, \"It has been three years since I got married. Right from our first Karva Chauth, we decided to observe the fast together. Since then, we have stuck to our commitment.\" The doting husband said he looked forward to dinner with wife Mitali at her favourite hangout in Sarabha Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069617", "title": "Aspiring IITians die in accident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A speeding Haryana Roadways bus ran over two young IIT aspirants from Himachal Pradesh and Hisar around 11.35pm on Thursday night at the light point of sectors 47 and 48. Incidentally, this is considered an accident prone area.The boys, Ilin Sason, 19, from Shimla and Abhishek Malik, 19, from Hisar were on a motorcycle when it was hit by the speeding bus. The bus dragged Ilin and Abhishek for around 20 metres. The victims, who were not wearing helmets, were rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, where they were declared brought dead.According to Surinder Singh, an eyewitness, \"The motorcyclists were coming from Mohali and the bus was headed towards ISBT-43 when it ran over the two youth. The speeding bus dragged the two men for some distance and rammed into an iron railing, breaking an electricity pole.\" Surinder also said the light point was not working at the time, which is often the case late at night. Abhishek was driving the motorcycle with Ilin riding pillion. The bike belonged to a friend, Manoj, who said the duo went out saying they needed medicines.Bus driver booked, yet to be nabbedThe death of two boys at the sectors 47/48 light point brings to fore how unsafe this stretch is. On Thursday, a speeding Haryana Roadways bus ran over two young IIT aspirants from Himachal Pradesh and Hisar at around 11.35pm. Manoj, who gave his motorcycle to the two boys, came to know about the accident early Friday morning. Manoj shared a PG accommodation in Sector 20 with the deceased. They were taking coaching classes for IIT at an institute in Sector 20.Ilin's father, Gurjinder Sason, is a manager with UCO Bank in Shimla and Raj Pal, father of Abhishek, is a sub-inspector with the Haryana police. Gurjinder Sason said his only son talked to him at around 11pm. Abhishek's body was handed over to his family members after postmortem in GMCH-32 while Ilin's body was still in hospital at the time of filing of this report.SHO of the Sector 31 police station inspector Jaspal Singh said a detailed report of the FIR against bus driver Praveen Kumar, who is absconding, would be sent to Haryana roadways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069434", "title": "Arlekar: Nothing wrong in accepting public accounts committee report", "text": "PANAJI: The speaker of the Goa legislative assembly, Rajendra Arlekar, said that there is nothing unconstitutional in accepting the public accounts committee (PAC) report on illegal mining, which was resubmitted by the then-PAC chairman Vijay Pai Khot.The report, which was submitted by Khot in February 2012, was received by then speaker Pratapsingh Rane, and was lying in the speaker's office since, said Arlekar.\"Now, as it was lying there, I received it and forwarded it to the government. It is now up to the government to decide whether the report is right or wrong,\" Arlekar said. \"There are no complications.\"The PAC report, which was prepared by former leader of opposition and present chief minister Manohar Parrikar , indicted former chief minister Digambar Kamat and estimated a loss of crores of rupees.Parrikar had submitted the report to Rane in October 2011. Rane then did not allow the report to be tabled. The report was then sent back to the new PAC which was constituted under the chairmanship of Khot, at the end of Parrikar's tenure.Forwarding the report back to the PAC, Rane had remarked that according to him, it is not a report, since it was not accepted by a majority of PAC members.Khot resubmitted the report without any change to Rane. \"There was no decision at all on the report and I took a decision to forward it to the government,\" said Arlekar.Arlekar told TOI that once a report or bill reaches the speaker, it becomes property of the house, and even if it is dissolved, they can't be considered invalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071524", "title": "GVK\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 108 service under scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court has scheduled for November 26 its final hearing in a petition challenging the state's MoU with private entity GVK-Emergency Management and Research Institute (GVK-EMRI ) that manages the 108 ambulance services.Alleging that the 108 service had become substandard ever since it was handed over to GVK, Cherish Foundation , a city-based NGO, moved HC pleading that it declare the MoU as illegal on the contention that the scheme was aimed at benefitting GVK instead of helping the people.P Gangaiah Naidu, the counsel for the petitioner, told court that although the health minister wanted the emergency service to be handed over to a responsible player through an open auction and tendering process, things changed overnight with the government choosing GVK for the project on a nomination basis.\"This was done in a non-transparent manner and in a way that was inimical to the interests of the state and the people,\" the senior counsel said. He said that the government had allotted the contract to GVK despite an official committee appointed by the state government recommending that the project be allotted only through an open tender.Naidu alleged that GVK was unduly benefited and said that the government was running the service with its own staff even as GVK keeps minting money. The senior counsel also sought a direction to the government to evolve a comprehensive emergency management policy.The bench comprising acting Chief Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar posted the next hearing to November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17072479", "title": "Sushmita Sen rubbishes wedding news", "text": "By her own admission, she would like nothing better than to complete her family of mom and two daughters.However, recent reports that Sushmita Sen will be tying the knot next year have only amused her. \"A single article where I'm misquoted has turned into a viral fact!\" the ex-Miss Universe laughed.Rubbishing all such rumours, she protested, \"This news about my marriage plans is completely untrue. I was at a press meet for my designer friend Mandira Wirk's bridal wear, dressed as a bride. All I said was, 'I will definitely get married, who knows maybe next year.' That was it.\"So isn't Sushmita anxious to settle down considering she is just days away from her 37th birthday? Says the sexy single mom, \"Marriage will happen when it has to happen. I've craved for it forever. I've always been a home-lover, in spite of living a very public life, which I enjoy in my own way. \"But why is she in no hurry to find a companion?The real reason for the hesitation isSushmita wants the man in her life to be a true father to her two daughters. A source close to her revealed, \"Sush wants to get married. But the man has to be not just a good husband but a fabulous father. And for any man to accept his wife along with her two daughters is a tough task. Sush's fear is not about finding the right man for herself, it's about finding the right father for her two daughters, and a man who will accept the fact that Sush's two angels will always get top priority in her life.\"Sushmita on her part said, \"What guarantee is there that after getting into marriage and after twenty years of togetherness, I won't discover it was the wrong move for me? God bless Madhuri Dixit'sequation with her husband.I saw a picture of her and husband with their two sons. And my heart melted. Blissful relationships are still possible in today's world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17071154", "title": "Zambia seeks MEA help to make Kingfisher pay pilot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ongoing Kingfisher crisis has now acquired diplomatic overtones. The Zambian high commission has approached the ministry of external affairs (MEA) to take up the issue of non-payment of salary - $24,000 or about Rs 13 lakh - to one of its nationals who worked as a pilot in the currently grounded airline. MEA, in turn, has written to the aviation ministry, seeking \"an urgent response to inform the friendly government of Zambia on the status and redressal of the complaint.\"Captain Robbin Mubanga, the Zambian pilot, quit Kingfisher as the airline had stopped paying salary since March and now in past 10 days given two months' pay to staffers, who are still on its rolls. He then took up the issue with his government and then the Zambian foreign ministry got in touch with its high commission here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17070151", "title": "NRI couple's 87-year marital bond is a world record", "text": "LONDON: In an age where few marriages endure the test of time, a centurion Indian couple have lived in wedded bliss for 87 years, thus becoming the world's longest married couple.Hundred-and-seven-year-old Karam and his 100-year-old wife Katari Chand, who have eight children and 28 grandchildren together, say that the key to success is looking after each other in every way possible.\"My trick is to make Katari laugh. I like to tell jokes and make her smile. Being funny is my way of being romantic,\" says Karam.The marriage of the NRI couple, who now live in Bradford, has lasted nearly five years longer than that of the current Guinness World Record holders and the couple are in the process of getting confirmation to be named as the new record holders, Daily Mail reported.\"I have been told laughing makes you live longer. My wife is still alive so it must have worked! I love her so much and I want to spend another 80 years by her side,\" said Karam. From romantic meals to sharing jokes, the couple from Punjab, India ensure that they do little things for each other to keep the romance alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17069601", "title": "Woman panics on seeing bikers after her", "text": "PANCHKULA: The spate of robberies in Panchkula seems to have left women in the area jittery. A resident of Sector 6, whose identity has not been established, panicked on being followed by two men on a motorcycle. She went to a house nearby and told residents that she was being followed by robbers.The family members called the police control room saying that a gunpoint robbery attempt took place in their locality. Heavy police force, comprising policemen from the Sector 5 police station and the crime branch rushed to the spot but found nothing. The woman left the house before the police arrived. While police officials put it down to a panic call, residents of the house the woman took shelter in also refused to file a complaint. A DDR was registered at the Sector 5 police station.Panchkula has witnessed two gunpoint robberies over the past three days and the police have not made any headway in either case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068553", "title": "Abhishek Verma's wife denied separate jail van", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday refused to provide a separate van to businessman Abhishek Verma's Romanian wife Anca Maria Neascu, who is allegedly getting extortion threats from undertrial prisoners, to ferry her from Tihar Jail in connection with various cases.Special CBI Judge Sanjeev Jain did not accept Anca's plea saying it was practically \"not feasible\" to provide a separate jail van to every undertrial prisoner.The court, however, directed the Tihar Jail Superintendent and the Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) of third battalion of the Delhi Armed Police, which is responsible for ferrying undertrial prisoners between courts and jails, to ensure safety and security of Anca.The court also directed the jail authorities that Anca should not to be transported in the van along with undertrial prisoners Rashmi Sharma, wife of Hari Kishan Sharma, who is a key accused in the recent Rs 5.25 crore heist here in Defence Colony, and Shivani after Anca alleged that they threatened her.\"As suggested by the defence counsel, it is directed that the Jail Superintendent as well as the DCP third battalion and staff will ensure that Anca is not transported to the court from jail or during hospital visit along with undertrial prisoners namely Rashmi Sharma and Shivani who allegedly threatened the accused...,\" the judge said.Anca and Verma are lodged in jail under judicial custody after being arrested for their alleged roles in a corruption and money laundering case. They are also accused in a forgery case as well as a case lodged under the Official Secrets Act against them.Anca, in her plea, had alleged she was continuously threatened, humiliated and harassed by undertrial prisoners in the jail van.The court's order came after it received a report from the DCP who said that due to shortage of manpower and jail vans, providing a separate van to each undertrial prisoner is not feasible. The DCP also said proper security and safety is provided to Anca in the jail van.The court, after going through the DCP's report and arguments advanced by Anca's counsel Vijay Aggarwal, said it is reflected that as Verma was having certain disputes with some undertrial prisoners, his wife is now being allegedly tortured and harassed by them. It also asked the DCP to deploy appropriate security while ferrying Anca in the jail van.\"It is also directed that the DCP third battalion will issue necessary directions and will ensure the proper safety and security of Anca while travelling in jail van by deploying appropriate number of security staff,\" the court said.It also extended the judicial custody of Verma and Anca till November 16 in connection with a corruption case and another forgery case lodged against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17073252", "title": "Bodies of all five sailors recovered", "text": "CHENNAI: Bodies of all five sailors, who went missing after an oil tanker ran aground off the city beach hours before cyclone 'Nilam' made landfall on November 1, have been recovered.While four bodies were recovered on Thursday, one more was found washed ashore near Minjur coastal area early on Saturday morning, police said.The five went missing after their lifeboat capsized in choppy waters while 16 were rescued by local fishermen and one drowned on Wednesday. Fifteen sailors were rescued on Thursday from the ship, which had a crew of 37 on board.The Directorate General of Shipping (DGS), which ordered a preliminary probe into the incident, will soon begin salvage operations of the ship, belonging to Mumbai-based Pratibha Shipping Company.The salvage operation is likely to start from November 7, the directorate said on Friday night.The Madras high court had on Friday ordered that the vessel not be moved out of Chennai Port until further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17070539", "title": "Bengal team to tackle rampaging jumbos", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The district forest department has decided to train villagers in places prone to attacks by wild elephants.Divisional forest officer (DFO) P Tanaga Pandiyan said, \"We are bringing some trained persons from West Bengal to impart training to both forest department employees and the villagers. They'll train them in driving away rampaging elephants and also give tips on how to behave with the wild tuskers once they enter residential areas,\" said the DFO.Till such time, he has advised the villagers not to pelt them with stones or chillies as this makes them more aggressive.Meanwhile, DC Manish Ranjan has directed the BDO of Barkatha to construct multi-storeyed buildings in the forest areas frequented by the elephants to protect the tribals from attacks by the rampaging elephants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15530873", "title": "Can iced tea cause kidney stones?", "text": "If you have always liked to reach for that glass of ice tea, preferring that to a beverage, think again.For, a study indicates that drinking iced tea can contribute to the development of painful kidney stones, due to its high concentration of oxalate, one of the key chemicals that could result in the formation of kidney stones.What the researchers found \"For people who have a tendency to form the most common type of kidney stones, iced tea is one of the worst things to drink,\" Dr. John Milner, an assistant professor in the department of urology at the Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine, said in a news release. Researchers went on to explain that the drink contains high levels of oxalate, a chemical that leads to the formation of small crystals made of minerals and salt found in urine. Although these crystals are usually harmless, the researchers cautioned they could grow large enough to become wedged in the small tubes that drain urine from the kidney to the bladder. \"A lot of people choose to drink more iced tea, because it is low in calories and tastes better than water. However, in terms of kidney stones, they might be doing themselves a disservice,\" added Milner.Nutritionist says... Ice tea may not be all that much low in calories, says nutritionist Dr Priya Karkera. \"This is because one tends to add sugar to it. I also feel that ice tea can be a contributing factor to kidney stones and is avoidable to be had on a regular basis.\" She also recommends that those who are at risk for kidney stones should reduce certain foods that contain high concentrations of oxalates, including spinach, chocolate, and nuts. Salt and meat are extremely harmful. Drink several glasses of water as well one glass of barley water a day can help, she advises.Beverages that can help Lemon juice is a good drink to keep the kidneys hydrated, as the citrates present in lemonade inhibits the growth of kidney stones. \"Drinking several glasses of water as well one glass of barley water a day can help,\" advises Dr Karkera.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "howrah ", "code": "17070936", "title": "Six-month-old female baby lying in a courtyard of a temple rescued by police", "text": "HOWRAH : A six-month-old female baby lying abandoned in a courtyard of a temple at Liluah in Howrah was rescued by police on Friday morning.Police said, around 6 am on Friday some barking dogs drew the attention of some locals who rushed to the temple at Chalkpara in Liluah and found the baby crying and lying behind the bricks piled up in the courtyard of the temple. After being informed a police team from Liluah PS rushed to the spot and rescued the baby who was later admitted to the Howrah district hospital.The hospital authority however said that the child is suffering from a neurological problem. \"The bay has a neurological disorder and she is still undergoing treatment in the hospital. We have already informed the state child welfare committee in this connection,\" said Subhranshu Chakraborty, the medical superintendent of the Howrah district hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17073831", "title": "RTO officials work round-the-clock to recalibrate meters", "text": "MUMBAI: RTO officials will not be able to enjoy Diwali this year as they are burdened with the workload of completing recalibrations of all e-meters in autos and taxis by November 25. An officer, who did not wish to be named, said that there is heavy workload on all officers, from inspectors to assistant/deputy RTOs.\"We are not able to take time off for lunch, snacks and are going home late in the evening. This is because we have a huge queue of autos and taxis which are coming for the test and certificates for recalibration,'' he said. The officer said that several inspectors were going out of their way to expedite the recalibration process.\"We are not taking a single moment off and our officials are busy inspecting all vehicles and testing the new e-meters,'' he stated.A few days back, there was a record number of 829 taxis lining up at the Worli test track in a single day. More than 1,500 autos are queuing up daily for the recalibration. The officials not only inspect the meters and seal them, but also ensure that the drivers have the yellow stickers pasted on the e-meters.The sticker mentions \"Recalibrated as per the revised October tariff\" and is an indicator for commuters that the meter has been tested and approved by RTO. The new e-meter will show a minimum reading (for 1.5 kms) of Rs 15 on auto meters and Rs 19 on taxi meters. Commuters will be charged for every additional 100 metres instead of 200 metres. The waiting charge is approximately Rs 1 per minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068602", "title": "Cops accused of dragging woman to police station, probe ordered", "text": "INDORE: A 48-year-old woman was allegedly dragged by a few policemen in full public view on Thursday morning in Hira Nagar, following which she reportedly suffered an attack and had to be admitted to the ICU of a private hospital. A departmental probe has been ordered into the incident.DIG A Sai Manohar said ASP Dilip Soni is investigating into the case and he is supposed to submit the report within 24 hours. Action would be taken against anyone found guilty, he added.Victim's husband Ramdayal Mourya told ToI that his wife Meerabai Mourya, 48, was being regularly harassed or bullied by the local police.\"Home guard JP Pandey has been threatening us to vacate the house for quite sometime. On Thursday morning, Pandey came to our house along with two constables and demanded for the house documents of our MR 10 residence. When my wife came out with the documents, she saw two more constables standing outside the house.\"They forced her to get into the jeep, but my wife refused to pay heed to them and said that she would come with her nephew. But the cops did not listen to her and dragged her towards the jeep and took her to the police station,\" he said adding that she fainted while she was coming back from the police station and had to be rushed to a private hospital, where she was admitted in the ICU for heart attack.Local chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) has also planned to submit the memorandum to DIG A Sai Manohar in this regard, said an IAC member Yashvardhan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068840", "title": "Cell to be set up at Trade and Investment Facilitation Corporation", "text": "BHOPAL: A core investment cell will be set up in the MP Trade and Investment Facilitation Corporation (TRIFAC ) within two months to follow up progress on MoUs signed during the Global Investors Summit in Indore, an official spokesman said.According to the spokesman, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan directed the officials to establish the Cell. Chouhan also said a practical draft of investor service guarantee scheme should be presented and arrangement for online monitoring of investment proposals be completed in next two months.It was informed at the meeting that an action plan has been chalked out for time-bound implementation of MoUs signed at the GIS.Work has begun on improving and simplifying procedures. Every department will chalk out action plan to implement MoUs within next seven days and ensure facilities of land, water, power and other facilities within a time-frame of three months, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069624", "title": "Verdict in Taj heritage corridor case on Nov 5", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court will deliver verdict in the multi-crore Taj heritage corridor case on November 5.A special CBI court had dropped proceedings against former chief minister Mayawati and ex-cabinet minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui in 2007, as the Central Bureau of Investigation could not obtain prosecution sanction from UP governor.Six different PILs filed in 2009 and 2011 have said that there was no need of sanction order to prosecute the duo and hence the HC should direct for their trial.A bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice Ashwani Kumar Singh had finally heard the matters and reserved the verdict about a month ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071533", "title": "Road collapse in Banjara Hills", "text": "HYDERABAD: A portion of the road caved in opposite the Jalagam Vengala Rao Park on Road No.1, Banjara Hills, on Friday morning. The road portion collapsed to a depth of about a metre reportedly due to poor consolidation of earth after the laying of some pipelines .Some months ago, a part of the road had caved in near Model House in Punjagutta and later at Mythrivanam. It had taken authorities three days to restore the road at Punjagutta when it had caved in.Civic officials said that the road collapsed at about 7am and did not cause any injuries. Traffic police, who had noticed the crack, alerted Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials.Engineers with GHMC said that the exact cause of the collapse was yet to be ascertained although they pointed at the two water pipelines which were laid beneath the road by Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;). \"When the pipelines were laid, there was no proper consolidation and that could have led to the problem,\" said GHMC superintending engineer, Dileep Kumar.The civic body has started restoration of the road and the work might be completed by Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068829", "title": "'Hasten completion of Bhutan projects'", "text": "BHOPAL: Inaugurating the 58th hydro product committee meet executive director (ED), BHEL Bhopal SS Gupta urged top echelons of the hydro group for expeditious execution of recently bagged 6x170 MW Punatsangchhu-II projects from Bhutan.Expressing concern on slow pace of hydro projects in the country on account of remoteness of site, environmental consent, supplementary statutory clearance; rules and regulations issues and civil delays, Gupta emphasized the need for reviewing the operations in the light of increasing competition in the domestic market impacting margins and profitability.K Purswani, GM (hydro) and chairman Hydro Product Committee (HPC) briefed the gathering on orders in hand, customer's concern, competition in the field and challenges of domestic and international markets.GD Verma GM and co-chairman HPC expressed concern regarding production of generator and challenges in generator area owing to project delays at civil front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17071329", "title": "Two killed, 15 injured as bus overturns", "text": "VARANASI: At least two persons were killed and over 15 were injured when a private bus overturned near Gopepur village under Gopiganj police station in Bhadohi district on Friday.According to reports, the bus was going to Mirzapur from Gopiganj. When it was crossing through Gopepur village the driver lost control and the bus turned turtle on the roadside.The police reached the incident site after getting information and began the rescue work. The killed persons were identified as Umesh Tiwari (22), native of Jagannathpur in Gopiganj area, and Kishan alias Suggu (13), native of Sarpataha in Gyanpur area. Two seriously injured persons were referred to Gyanpur district hospital while others were treated at local hospital. The police seized the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070269", "title": "Security beefed up for PM, Karzai visits", "text": "MUMBAI: Security in Mumbai will be ramped up in the coming week, with both Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai due to visit the city. Singh is scheduled to attend two private functions during his two-day stay starting November 10, whereas Karzai will arrive on November 9 for a three-day state visit. Sources said a member of the Afghanistan premier's family will also seek medical treatment in a city hospital during the visit.Meetings have been on in Mantralaya to gear up for the VVIP visitors. The state is also keen to schedule a \"structured meeting\" with Singh on governance issues.Singh is scheduled to arrive in Mumbai around 3pm on November 10. He will attend two back-to-back private events and is scheduled to spend the night at Raj Bhavan before flying back to Delhi at 9.30am the next day. While Chavan will accompany him to the two functions, sources said efforts for a \"structured meeting\" at Raj Bhavan were being made. The CMO has already begun preparations for the meeting.The state is keen to highlight issues like the shortage of land for affordable housing in Mumbai. It is also expected to pitch its demand for slum rehabilitation projects on land owned by the Centre. To push for the slum-free Mumbai dream, the state will lobby for a special consideration for Mumbai under the Rajeev Awaas Yojana.Arguing that slum-related issues in the city were different from the rest of India, the state has asked the centre to permit a \"hybrid model\" for slum redevelopment. A demand for the withdrawal of a union ministry of environment and forests memo on restrictions on high-rise development in CRZ areas will also be raised. The persistent demand for funding aid and fast-track clearances for big infrastructure projects will be raised. The issue of pending central funds for irrigation and the Indu Mill land issue could come up for deliberation too.President Pranab Mukherjee is also slated to visit Mumbai on November 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070510", "title": "Clinic Act before House this winter", "text": "MUMBAI: The state will introduce the Clinical Establishment (Registration and Regulation) Act in the assembly's winter session, commencing December 10 in Nagpur, for approval. UP, Rajasthan, Karnataka and Jharkhand have already adopted the Act passed by the Centre in 2010. But medicos here are opposing it as they feel it will unleash a \"licence raj\" in the state.The Centre has for long been prodding states to adopt the Act, which makes registration mandatory for establishments providing medical treatment or facilities. But states have shown a lacklustre approach.Finally, at a two-day Union health ministry conclave with health ministers and health department secretaries of all states that concluded in New Delhi on Friday, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad issued a diktat on the issue.\"Union health minister has categorically told that all states will have to adopt the clinical establishment act. Maharashtra government will follow the instruction and accordingly introduce it in the coming session of the state legislature,\" public health minister Suresh Shetty said on Friday.Asked about the Indian Medical Association's opposition to the Act, Shetty said, \"At the conclave, Azad said that states should not worry about the association's objection as IMA's views were considered while drafting the Bill.\" According to health department officials, the legislation will help the government have a complete data of health care service providers. \"The data will also help the Union and state governments while drafting health policies,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070307", "title": "Man held for slashing constable\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s face", "text": "MUMBAI: A 40-year-old man slashed the face of a police constable who had summoned him to the Kurla police station to make inquiries in a non-cognizable offence. The constable, Santosh Bhoi (30), sustained a sharp cut on his left cheek stretching from the ear to the chin. He was taken to Bhabha Hospital at Kurla and then to Sion hospital, where he was treated.The accused, Pradeep Wani (40), is unemployed and has a crime record. The incident took place at Tanaji Road in Kurla (W) at 9.45pm on Thursday. Officials said Wani used a sharp object to assault the cop, but the weapon hasn't been seized yet. The Kurla police on Friday arrested Wani on charges of \"assaulting a government servant doing his duty\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070576", "title": "Yoga gurus from Ujire to keep Americans fit", "text": "MANGALORE: A team of yoga teachers and students from Ujire village in Dakshina Kannada district is set to fly out to the US. Their mission: to teach Americans the Indian fitness science.The 30-member team of Sri Dharmasthala Manjunatheshwara College of Naturopathy and Yogic Science will conduct classes for 4,000 employees of Quantum Logistics Private Limited (QLPL), a shipping company in the USA. Training will be held at Washington and New Jersey. The team comprising two teachers and 28 postgraduate students, led by principal Prashanth Shetty, will leave on November 24.The college, established in 1989 and affiliated to the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, had introduced a three-year postgraduate course in naturopathy and yoga for the first time in the country.Students from Nepal, South Africa and 26 states of India are currently pursuing the course in the college, located about 80km from Mangalore city.Shetty told TOI that QLPL has a fleet of ships, with hundreds of employees working on them. \"The company found that yoga is the right solution to reduce work pressure among its employees. Their search for a suitable institute to teach their employees yoga ended here. The company director visited our institute and signed the agreement after she was satisfied with the yoga sessions we specially conducted,\" he said.The team will be divided into five groups and each group will train 400 employees at a time. Training will be held for eight days to teach the science to 4,000 employees. QLPL has also come forward to sign an agreement for five years. Shanthivana Trust secretary B Seetharama Tholpadithaya, Yoga and Moral Education Scheme director Shashikanth Jain and yoga department dean Shivaprasad Shetty will join the team as guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069613", "title": "Sector 47-48 light-point is a killer stretch", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The light-point at the sectors 47/48 intersection has claimed many lives. On January 15, Surinder Singh, a 35-year-old resident of Zirakpur lost his life here and on Thursday two young men, Ilin and Abhishek, met the same fate.The place has a bloody history, with 11 fatal and around 24 non-fatal accidents recorded over the past 10 months. Most accidents involved buses from Haryana, Himachal and Punjab.Incidentally, hours after the death of Ilin and Abhishek, a Haryana roadways bus collided with a truck laden with liquor but no FIR was registered.According to a senior official with the road engineering wing, \"As per the recommendations of the traffic police, four slip roads were constructed adjoining all four main roads to reduce fatalities. But it has not helped much.\" SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said they were trying to figure out ways to make the place more secure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073706", "title": "Temporary suspension of weekly TRPs is a relief: Sumeet", "text": "Easily one of the busiest couples in television industry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shashi and Sumeet Mittal are in love with their work. The duo currently have four successful shows, 'Punar Vivah', 'Diya Aur Baati Hum', 'Kairi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rishta Khatta Meetha' and 'Main Lakshmi Tere Aangan Ki' airing on television. The TV producer couple have a Gujarati connect, both spent their formative years in Ahmedabad.Sumeet who was in town recently rewinds, \"We have lovely memories of Ahmedabad \u00e2\u20ac\u201d we studied in Sahajanand College and even got married here. Then, I wanted to go to Mumbai to become an actor and Shashi let me chase my dreams. Destiny however, had different plans for us.\" Their journey to success has been full of ups and downs. But Shashi says, \"We're grateful to Raj Kumar Barjatya for helping us make a name in the television industry.\" Shashi and Sumeet started writing scripts seven years ago but they were recognised after Woh Rehne Wali Mehlon Ki. Ask this couple about how they go about their work and Sumeet says, \"I look after management \u00e2\u20ac\u201d execution-direction, while Shashi takes care of scripts.\" Shashi chips in with a smile, \"I work from home and that's where I can look after my home too.\" And when they're deciding on the storyline, they do have differences of opinion, \"We fight a lot before coming to conclusion about story ideas and tracks,\" says Shashi. Sumeet says, \"And that's the best part about it because if both of us think alike, there won't be variation to cater to audiences.\" Now, the couple plan to explore \"producing a reality show and a comedy show.\" The couple are relaxing at the moment as \"weekly TRPs are on hold for a while. It is giving us a relief for eight weeks between the manic Wednesdays we used to have!\" Ask them about their favourite show and both of them say, \" Diya Aur Baati Hu m. It was one show that made us wait for six months to air. The time slot was such a setback for us initially because we were not sure whether the show will work or not. We did not have any other show on a rival channel that time, so that was the only relief.\" Shashi shares how the good thing was about Anas (Rashid) never thought of walking out or throwing starry tantrums. And they are happy that the show is doing well now. Within their tight schedules, Shashi and Sumeet ensure that they take time out for their family. Sumeet says, \"My younger daughter wants me back home by 9 pm and won't have dinner without me.\" Shashi and Sumeet make it a point to take threefour days off after every four months and go on a small vacation with their daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070430", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLet actors sell jobs for disabled\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay High Court on Friday asked the state government why it does not enlist actors to promote recruitment of the disabled when it gets them to promote use of toilets.The observation came after additional government pleader G W Mattos said it was difficult finding visually challenged candidates to fill posts. Chief Justice Mohit Shah then asked, \"When you are getting actors to promote the use of toilets, then why don't you do the same for the physically challenged ?''HC had in October 2010 directed the state government to provide special gadgets and software to its disabled employees, including in public sector undertakings, universities and colleges. Mattos submitted a report of the state chief secretary and affidavit from the secretary, social justice department, enlisting steps taken to provide assisted devices to the disabled and clearing of employment backlog.But National Association for Blind's advocate Kanchan Pamnani pointed out that the number of visually challenged given by both did not match. \"The numbers are not correct. It is not based on identified posts The backlog is mounting,'' said Pamnani. He added that there were more gadgets than candidates. But the judges said the government, which has been making promises for decades, must be allowed to complete the process.Pamnani also complained that despite a court orders directing the government to inform the National Federation of the Blind and National Association for the Blind about all recruitment advertisements, it was not being done. The judges said the government must \"come out of its mindset\" that every decision of it should be through a GR (government resolution) and added that in such cases, advertisements should be forwarded to main organisations.\"Why do you (government) need directions from the court? That is the biggest problem. Why can't you do it on your own?'' asked Justice Shah. Mattos replied that, without waiting for the court's direction, particulars of officers working for the disabled had been published in newspapers. \"The mindset is changing slowly,\" he said. The court has directed MPSC to fill 988 posts in physically handicapped category, including 387 in visually challenged, to be filled by December 31, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "17070871", "title": "Jumbo count goes up in south Bengal", "text": "BANKURA: The number of Dalma elephants staying back in Bengal is steadily increasing, thanks to a rise in forest cover and the restoration of peace in Jangalmahal.According to the latest elephant census, 32 elephants are roaming the forests in this part of the state - 20 in the Bankura South Division forest range, six in the Bisnupur-Panchet division, and six others in the Bankura-West Midnapore border areas.Forest officials feel the rise in numbers is mainly due to increase in green patches in the 'red soil' district of Bankura. \"Over the last 20 years, the forest areas of Bankura have risen from 300 sqkm to 500 sqkm. There are sufficient water reserves and ample food, including the pachyderms' favourite fruits like wood-apples. That's why several Dalma elephants are staying back here every year,\" said Kunal Deyval, divisional forest officer of Bankura South Division.Around 150 to 200 elephants come down from the Dalma hills in Jharkhand to Bengal every year in search of food. But though most of them return, a few stay back permanently.Another reason for the rise in numbers is the restoration of peace in Jangalmahal, feel foresters. Earlier, their normal life and movement would be disturbed by the cross-firing between the Maoists and security forces. But with firing almost nil nowadays, the animals find it a secure zone, the foresters pointed out.However, with more elephants staying back in Bankura, the local man-animal conflict is also getting worse. Not only do the pachyderms destroy crops and dwellings, several human lives are also lost in the conflict.But recently, villagers saved two elephants in Borjora, though they failed to rescue the cub from drowning in the Damodar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17069403", "title": "Alert citizen foils waste dumping", "text": "MAPUSA: An alert citizen thwarted an attempt to dump waste at the housing board in Mapusa on Friday evening. Olympio Almeida from Siolim spotted a 'pickup' vehicle in the process of dumping waste along the roadside. He alerted the citizens and called the police. Police reached the spot and held the truck driver, Mahesh Naik.\"While I was travelling from Siolim to Mapusa via housing board colony at around 4pm, I witnessed the vehicle dumping waste of plaster of Paris (POP) opposite the Mapusa municipality's garbage dumping site,\" Almeida said.\"After questioning the driver, I called the police and within minutes, a control van arrived and attached the vehicle along with the driver,\" he added.Police told TOI that the truck was owned by Quadros Logistics, Margao. The police have booked the case against the truck driver and have detained the truck. Police said that the truck was carrying waste of PoP used for a false ceiling. The housing board area above the Assagao plateau is often used by unknown persons for dumping garbage.In October 2011, miscreants had lit a fire on the plateau after dumping about three-to-four truckloads of waste, including plastic, thermocol, sponge and industrial waste. Smoke continued to rise from the burning waste for five days and residents of Mapusa and Siolim had to bear the brunt of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17069612", "title": "Archaic Police Act, other laws under review", "text": "Following yet another controversial bar raid in the city, Maharashtra's minister of state (MoS) for home has revealed that the government is in the process of reviewing archaic laws that the police have been employing to bust patrons while they enjoy a night out on the town. Early Saturday morning, the MRA Marg cops had busted LIV lounge bar for staying open till 2am -- half an hour beyond deadline -- and took 200 patrons, including young women , to the police station without offering explanations. Upto 21 patrons, including women, were fined under Section 110 of the Bombay Police Act (BPA) for misbehaving with the police, said cops.MoS (home) Satej Patil told TOI on Friday that the government is now keen on pushing its plan to review archaic laws. The government has already held two meetings - the latest on September 19 - during which discussions were held on timings and licensing rules for individuals to drink in bars. Talks were held on whether norms should be eased for requiring patrons to have drinking permits, which can be acquired only if one is 25 years old.Discussions were also held on the need to precisely define offences listed in the BPA. Currently, Mumbaikars are frequently fined for obscenity, behaving indecently in public, disorderly conduct and indecent language under the Section 110 of the BPA, which doesn't clearly define the infractions, leaving the law's interpretation open to the police.TOI has been running a campaign for the past several months to get the government to review and amend outdated laws.Patil said the home department recently held inter-departmental meetings with officials for \"some improvements in the Bombay Police Act and Criminal Procedure Code\" and will be holding another one next week with \"stakeholders\". The MoS said he will meet hotel owners, the restaurant owners' association and voluntary organizations. The public can also give their opinions on satejpatilmoshome@gmail.com.\"The aim is to bring about comprehensive changes in the Bombay Police Act and give more specific meanings to terms such as 'obscene', 'indecent' and 'disorderly behaviour' -- especially Section 110, which the police have been using more frequently this year,\" Patil said.The minister had in June said it was time to review archaic laws after assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble launched a blitzkrieg on bars and its patrons, which resulted in a public outcry against the treatment meted out to those looking for a relaxing drink at the end of a working day or during the weekend. There were complaints that the police were applying archaic laws arbitrarily, were being rude and were unnecessarily videographing guests. Shiro Lounge, Worli, was raided on June 10 and charged under sections of the BPA for overcrowding and violating other regulations. Five employees were fined and guests were videographed and had their details taken down. Such raids are nothing new. In July 2011, a police team raided Oro, a lounge bar in Malad (West) because it was using a DJ without permission. Over 30 youths were booked for 'indecent behaviour' and fined.Working on his June assurance, Patil has held two meetings, which have been attended by principal secretary Gadgil, joint secretary Wagade and officers from the law and judiciary department. The September meeting highlighted areas that need changing. \"The focus was on changing rules framed under the BP Act, which governs timings and licences for drinking for individuals at hotels , pubs and clubs,\" he said.One change suggested is to the rule that disallows more than 20 couples on a dance floor at discotheques. LIV at Kala Ghoda faced the music under this rule when it was fined Rs 12,500 last Saturday night. \"This rule needs to be changed from the tourism point of view,\" said a police officer.Patil said Mumbai is not just a global city, but a tourism hotspot, and the image of the city cannot be allowed to flounder. \"Police action to keep law and order in check is required, but when laws that have become old and irrelevant remain on the books, officers can implement them,\" he said. \"Chief minister Pithviraj Chavan has been apprised of the changes required and of the need to even amend traffic laws.\"He said rules across Maharashtra should be uniform, but also need to take into consideration a particular place's population, tourism, travel, crime scene etc.Also discussed was the \"need to bring in a single-window clearance for various events\", rules for pool tables, \"labour laws and rules to govern employment at public entertainment places\" and \"rules required for orchestra/dance bars\", according to notes of the meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070288", "title": "Kukis threaten to resume armed struggle for statehood", "text": "New Delhi: The Kuki National Organization (KNO), an umbrella body of 16 Kuki outfits, has threatened to resume armed struggle and secede from Manipur if the Centre did not begin talks with them before November 22. This could be a hurdle to the ongoing peace talks between the Centre and Naga insurgent group, NSCN (I-M). However, KNO leaders stressed they want a solution within the framework of the Indian Constitution.The seven-year-old Suspension of Operations (SoO) pact between the KNO and the Indian government ends on November 22. \"If the government does not begin talks with us before November 22, we will be forced to take up arms. Does the government of India want an armed rebellion?\" asked Seilen Haokip, KNO spokesperson in Delhi.Kukis live in the hills of Manipur, including Churachandpur, Senapati, Chandel and Ukhrul districts, parts of Assam and Sagaing in Burma . The KNO, formed in 1988, and its armed wing, Kuki National Army, had been waging an armed struggle for statehood. In 2005, KNO signed the SoO with the Centre leading to a ceasefire. Currently, KNO has about 2,000 armed cadres.The KNO is worried after talks between NSCN (I-M) and the Centre appear close to a settlement. \"What if our land is claimed as part of government of India's settlement with the Nagas?\" asked Haokip.He wondered why the Centre was yet to talk to the KNO seven years after ceasefire. \"If the government can speak to our neighbours, the Nagas, who had been killing us, why can't they speak to us? We are not anti-nationals or secessionists,\" said Haokip.However, he said the NSCN (I-M) has been making peace overtures so that Kukis do not obstruct the ongoing peace process and live in mutual respect.Haokip alleged Manipur government neglected the hills districts where Kukis live. \"The political set up in Manipur is dominated by the Meiteis. So, it benefits them to maintain the status quo and not discuss our demands,\" added Haokip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070623", "title": "Establishment Day preparations on", "text": "RANCHI: The 12th Establishment Day of the state to be held on November 15 will be celebrated with 'youth and capacity building' programme. Deputy commissioner of the district, Vinay Chaubey convened a meeting with officials of traffic, Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) and Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) to discuss the programme.During the meeting, the DC informed that the programme will be organised at Birsa Munda Football Stadium in Morhabadi. He said, \"The main programme will be held at Birsa Munda Stadium and the ground outside the stadium will be used for putting up stalls. The nearby army ground may be used as the parking space for vehicles.\" tnnDuring the celebrations, various cultural programmes will be organised. Chaubey said, \"A laser show related to youth and capacity development will be displayed. Also, school children will be participating in various cultural activities.\"The DC directed the district education officer to assure the participation of the youth in the programme.The DC has also directed the RMC to ensure cleanliness before the programme. \"The city should be cleaned before the Establishment Day celebrations. The main road divider and all the important roundabouts should be painted and statues should be cleaned up,\" said Chaubey.Repairing of city's traffic signals was also ordered by the DC. He said, \"All the traffic lights should function before the programme. Also, the electronic display boards should be started and all important traffic rules including wearing seat belts should be flashed on them.\"The DC also directed the JSEB officials to decorate government buildings with lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068947", "title": "Qutub to have interpretation centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Visitors to Qutub Minar will soon have access to a new interpretation centre, right opposite the 13th century monument. ASI had been requesting the agency to hand over the British-era building, previously a PWD guesthouse, adjacent to the monument for a long time.The transfer came through about two years ago, and the guesthouse \u00e2\u20ac\u201d after the renovation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be open to the visitors as an interpretation centre-cum-museum. The new interpretation centre, ASI officials said, is likely to be openedby early next year.The building functioned as a guesthouse for Lord Curzon and has been under the control of Delhi government for years, till ASI formally requested that it be transferred to them. Though the process took much longer than anticipated, it was handed over to ASI in 2010, just after the Commonwealth Games . \"The interpretation centre is a requirement according to world heritage guidelines. Renovations are on in full swing to make the building ready for tourists. It requires a complete revamp and we plan to make it function as a museum also,'' said an official. Similar interpretation centres are being planned in other world heritage sites also, along with a plan for one at Humayun's Tomb.ASI's one-month trial of e-ticketing at Qutub Minar also ended this week and the heritage body is looking to expand the e-ticketing system to other monuments also. . The e-ticketing system was on operation, as a trial, at Qutub Minar in October.Designed by the National Institute for Smart Government (NISG) , the idea of the system is to introduce e-ticketing for entry to monuments for better accounting of revenue collection, store data on visitors and to minimise malpractices in the current manual system, officials said. ASI has reverted to the manual ticket system from November 1, till they study the report of the trial period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068667", "title": "DAVV PhD entrance test on Sunday", "text": "INDORE: Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) is all prepared to conduct the first ever entrance test for admission to doctoral research degree programmes on the coming Sunday.Chairman of the PhD cell, Ganesh Kawadia informed that the university hadn't issued any admit cards to the students appearing in the test. \"All the candidates will be allowed to enter the test centres with ID proofs which will be verified through their application forms,\" informed Kawadia.Around 4200 candidates will take the test being conducted for 950 seats. The test will be held for 49 disciplines and will be conducted at the university teaching departments from 10 am to 1 pm.About the nature of examination, Kawadia further said that the students will be given OMR sheets, which will be evaluated by computers except for a few subjects as the university hasn't been able to upload programmes on computers for all the 49 subjects due to time constraint.He assured the entire process would be computerised from next time. The results would be announced on November 9. As per the UGC guideline, the entrance test is a must for PhD aspirants. The guideline came into effect in 2009 and was adopted by state universities from 2012 only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070677", "title": "Congress too is fascist, Imam council chief", "text": "MANGALORE: All India Imams' Council national president Moulana Usman Baig on Friday said that the Congress and Left parties too are fascists like RSS and BJP .\"Riots, attacks on minority, dalits and backward communities continued even in states that are ruled by Congress and Left parties. Though they are all different organizations, their basic agenda is the same,\" Usman said at a convention of Popular Front of India held as part of its national campaign here on Friday.\"Muslims in India face three types of challenges related to identity, equality and security. A section of media, police and the government are trying to portray Muslims in India as terrorists. It is unfortunate that Muslims find it difficult even to get a rented house,\" Usman said.On corruption in the nation, he said that there is no Muslim in the list of leaders, who cheated the nation's exchequer. \"Branding Muslims as terrorists is a pre-scripted drama being plotted by a section of media and the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17071118", "title": "Adoor Prakash sticks to his stance on land use bill", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Revenue minister Adoor Prakash said here on Friday that his position on the Kerala Land Use Bill hadn't changed a bit. And it was not his style to keep changing his stance on an issue, he added. I have clearly recorded my views on the bill in the concerned file, he said. He was talking to reporters here.The minister said he was not against development and did not want to create roadblocks for new initiatives in the state. However, he would not compromise on the issue of protecting the paddy fields and wetlands in the state, he said. The existing Paddy land and Wetland Protection Act should be effectively enforced, he added.On finance minister K M Mani's statement against him, Prakash said \"Mani should introspect on what he had said about me\". \"When he (Mani) comments that I speak on a subject without having studied it, he should realize that I have a good educational background,\" he said.Prakash also said that by August 15, 2013 land would be provided to one lakh people in the state who do not own land. By 2015 all those who do not own land could be provided with land, he added.Constructing houses for the landless with the help of the central government was also under consideration. Encroached lands would be reclaimed for this purpose, he said, adding that a special task force comprising a land revenue commissioner, police and revenue officials would be constituted to reclaim the 836-acre land encroached by Harrison Malayalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069449", "title": "Interim relief for husband and in-laws", "text": "MUMBAI: The husband and in-laws of Kritika Patel, who had jumped off a Kandivli highrise after pushing her two-year-old daughter to death last month, have got temporary relief from the Bombay high court.Kritika's husband Kaushal, her sister-in-law Tanvi, mother-in-law Ramaben and father-in-law Gopalbhai were booked on charges of abetment by the Kandivali police. They couldn't be traced thereafter. \"The accused had approached the sessions court for anticipatory bail, but their plea was rejected. On Wednesday, the HC granted them interim relief till November 20,\" said H Pimple, senior inspector, Kandivali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17069325", "title": "House that! 12 Bangalore Development Authority services under Sakala", "text": "BANGALORE: M Eshwarappa, a Bangalorean, is hopeful of starting work on his dream house within a fortnight. K Venkat Reddy, another resident of the city, too is confident that he can start construction work on his multi-storey structure by next month.On Friday, Eshwarappa and Reddy had all the reasons to feel buoyed as deputy chief minister and Bangalore in charge minister R Ashoka personally received their applications seeking sanction for their building plans. The occasion marked the extension of Sakala to 12 Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) services, including building plan approval.The 12 BDA services brought under the ambit of Sakala, the scheme promising time-bound delivery of various services, also include khata, khata transfer and possession and occupancy certificates among other things.Eshwarappa had sought sanction under the BDA approved private layouts that promise delivery within 15 days of application. Reddy wanted nod for building up to 15 m high and was promised approval within 30 days.\"Ours is the only state that now has 265 schemes under Sakala and that is what makes the scheme so important,\" said Ashoka, at the launch. It is learnt that in most other states where a sort of Sakala scheme is active only 10-20 services are covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17071238", "title": "Nilam continues to pound N-K", "text": "HUBLI: Cloudy weather with light showers continued in Hubli-Dharwad, Haveri and Gadag districts on Friday.Dharwad district received 32mm of rainfall till Friday evening. Rain, accompanied by strong wind, brought down three electricity poles in Pearls Layout and 10 electricity poles in Koppal. However, no casualties were reported.In Haveri, heavy rain has been lashing since Thursday, throwing life out of gear. The district has recorded 86.9 mm of rainfall. A few trees were uprooted in parts of Haveri and Hubli.Gadag and Haveri district administrations have set up helplines to provide timely help to villagers in case of emergency. Helplines have also been set up in all taluks. In Gadag, 30 sheep were killed in Belavadi village in Gadag due to heavy rain.Speaking to TOI, S M Gadad, joint director of agriculture, Dharwad, said: \"Dharwad district has received good rain on Thursday and Friday, and it will continue till Saturday in Hubli-Dharwad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17070098", "title": "Maharashtra told to clarify stand on probe into housing \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcscam\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "THANE: The Bombay high court on Friday told the state government to clarify by November 23 its stand on the probe into alleged corruption in the implementation of the Rs 654-crore housing programme for poor in Kalyan-Dombivli.Dombivli-based RTI activist Kaustub Gokhale has accused the Thane police and the state authorities of delay in filing an FIR against bureaucrats, politicians and contractors involved in illegal and corrupt practices in the implementation of the Basic Services to Urban Poor (BSUM) scheme in the twin-townships. \"I had submitted specific instances of corruption and illegal decisions in the implementation of the BSUP scheme. The beneficiary list was manipulated, contractors were given illegal benefits and all rules pertaining to town planning and environment protection were ignored. All these details were given to the Thane police officials a year ago but they refuse to take cognizance,'' Gokhale said.The Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC) is implementing the scheme under which 13,469 tenements are to be constructed for slumdwellers from nine slum colonies in the twin-townships.Thane police commissioner KP Raghuvanshi accepted that prima facie the case merits criminal prosecution, but sought to wash his hands off the matter saying the CBI should probe the alleged irregularities as the Centre has funded 50% of the BSUP scheme.On Friday, the HC heard the petitioner's lawyers and asked them to submit their detailed complaint to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069202", "title": "Twice bitten, not shy: NU reval papers still go to teachers' homes", "text": "NAGPUR: Learning from its mistakes is not something Nagpur University believes in. Despite scams rocking the revaluation section, reliable sources said NU officials continued to send answer-sheets to the houses of lecturers for revaluation, against all norms, until at least the summer exams in March 2012.The TOI had recently exposed how a Kohchade-like revaluation scam was allegedly perpetrated by Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa, who worked as assistant registrar in the exam section. She had apparently taken undue advantage of this facility as part of her modus operandi. She was shunted to NU's academic section after the irregularities came to fore.Though Controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke refused to comment, saying that he had joined just a month back, his predecessor Siddharth Kane confirmed the news. He justified the sending of revaluation answer-sheets to the doorsteps of lecturers, while accusing the lecturers of not doing evaluation work properly. \"Many a times, these lecturers refuse to evaluate answer-sheets citing lame excuses like urgent work in their colleges. In such a situation, we have no other option but to send the papers to them. We did take all precautions to ensure no bias comes in,\" he said.The former CoE added that in rare situations they had dispatched answer-sheets to the lecturers' homes as there was huge pressure to declare results. \"We used to send an NU official. He was responsible for taking the papers to the lecturers, getting them checked and submit them to the exam section without any tampering,\" Kane said.On the risk of NU officials taking advantage of this facility to increase students' marks, Kane said that they were aware of the risk factors, but had full faith in their employees. \"NU should initiate stern action on the evaluators to prevent such incidents,\" he asserted.Pro-vice chancellor Mahesh Yenkie clarified that only answer-sheets of postgraduate students were sent outside university's jurisdiction, since very few examiners are available in the case of specializations, \"It's permissible as per rules, but only limited for the PG and absolutely not for UG,\" he claimed.Sources disclosed that NU used to send answer-sheets of only professional examinations like engineering, MBA and pharmacy to the homes of lecturers. Interestingly, maximum students have failed in these exams and the maximum revaluation applications too have come from these courses. A majority of them also cleared the exam after revaluation, sources claimed.Some NU officials have said that this practice had been stopped immediately after the Kohchade scam. According to them, this was reason the new administration in the exam section, led by Yenkie and Ramteke, had decided to introduce spot evaluation facility for revaluation after many complaints were received.They said that Chunodkar-Handa used this to her advantage to increase the marks of hundreds of engineering students by charging hefty money from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068672", "title": "Court directs police to file FIR against Karan Johar, Gauri Khan", "text": "INDORE: Acting on the order of the court, Palasia police on Friday registered the case against many big names associated with the flick 'Student of the Year' including Karan Johar , Gauri Khan and Sanjay Dutt on the charge of hurting religious sentiments.Superintendent of Police (SP), East, OP Tripathi said that an FIR was lodged against Karan Johar, Gauri Khan, Dharma Production House, Alia Bhatt, Sidharth Malhotra, Varun Dhawan, Rishi Kapoor , Sanjay Dutt, Soni music and player-back singers Shreya Ghoshal and Udit Narayan.He further said that Manish Kumar and Nilesh Jaiswal have filed a complaint with the court. They complained about using 'sexy' word for Radha in one of the songs in the flick.The court had directed the Palasia police to investigate the case, said the SP adding that the court order came during Navratra.Following the complaint, police have registered case under section 295 A and 120 B of Indian Penal Code. The flick was a high profile launch pad for Alia, daughter of Mahesh Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "17069008", "title": "Girl from Nellore commits suicide in US", "text": "NELLORE: A 28-year-old engineering topper, Munagala Saritha Reddy, committed suicide in United States allegedly because her husband was forcing her to sign divorce papers. Saritha had gone to the US only a month back to be with her husband. In a mail to her father sent before she committed suicide, Saritha narrates her horrifying life at the hands of husband Annapureddi Sudheer Reddy. She said in her letter that Sudheer had threatened her with dire consequences unless she signed the divorce papers. She said that he had also warned that she could face arrest if she did not return to India immediately as hers was only a travel visa. According to information reaching here, Saritha's body was recovered by the police of Madison city, Wisconsin state, US, who have sent it for an autopsy. Although Sudheer feigned ignorance about the reason behind his wife's suicide, her parents lodged a complaint via mail and the US police are now holding Sudheer responsible for Saritha's suicide. A few of Saritha's relatives in the US, it is learnt, are reaching Madison to pursue the case. Saritha, a native of Buchireddipalem village of Nellore district, was a gold medallist in M.tech from Banaras Hindu University . She met Sudheer through internet chatting. Sudheer holds an MBA degree and has been working in a software company in America. His parents, Anil and Suhasini, stay in Hyderabad.tnnWhen, after a few months of chatting, the young lovers decided to marry, Saritha's parents, Srinivasula Reddy and Sumathi, strongly opposed the alliance saying that it was not wise to believe those whom one had met on the internet. However, Saritha convinced her parents and went ahead with her decision. Their marriage was held on October 1, 2011.After staying four months in Hyderabad, Sudheer left for the US promising to send a permanent visa for Saritha. In the meantime, Saritha returned to her native place. After persisting with Sudheer for one, her husband finally dispatched a tourist visa to Saritha last month. Hoping to renew the visa to stay on permanently with her husband, Saritha left for the US on October, 4, exactly a year after their marriage. She was, however, shocked when her husband refused to stay with her. When asked, Sudheer reportedly told her that he was in love with another girl, Mickey.Sudheer reportedly told Saritha to leave the US after signing the divorce papers as he did not want to live with her anymore. Saritha spent one month in America with the hope that she would manage to convince her husband against breaking up their marriage. However, she realised that that was not going to be possible as Sudheer did not at all stay with her ever since she landed in the US.Feeling embarrassed for not having heeded her parents' advice, Saritha decided to end her life. In an emotional letter, Saritha has requested her parents to donate her body to a medical college if the authorities allowed her body to be carried back to India. While asking her parents to forgive her, Saritha had urged her father Srinivasula Reddy to light the pyre. Srinivasula Reddy, an ex-serviceman, was working with State Bank of India at Bucchireddypalem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17069236", "title": "Ghaziabad cops do U-turn in girl\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police have retracted their earlier theory in the murder of a minor girl, who was burnt to death in Loni area of Ghaziabad, after the arrest of the second accused, Gulzar. Police now say that the girl had not been coerced by the first accused for letting Gulzar into the house. Instead, the two accused had pre-planned the entire episode and wanted to blackmail the girl for sexual favours.Police had earlier arrested Feroz, who had allegedly been having an affair with the victim. Cops had said that while they were together, Gulzar had discovered their affair and allegedly blackmailed the minor girl into giving sexual favours.But Ghaziabad police changed their stand on Friday. \"Gulzar and Feroz were close friends and they knew that the girl's parents would be out of town. They had hatched up a plan to force her to provide sexual favours,\" said a senior police officer. Cops said the two accused had made a plan wherein Gulzar would pretend to catch the minor girl in a compromising position with Feroz and use that as leverage to force her into providing sexual favours. Police added that before Feroz entered the girl's residence, he had spent a long time trying to convince her to let him in over the phone.However, police have denied changing their stand. Cops said Gulzar's arrest and his statement provided vital evidence that helped put the final pieces together. \"According to Feroz, Gulzar had just happened to stop by at the victim's house and peep in from under the door. This seemed unlikely to us at the time. It turns out that the entire episode was pre-planned,\" said Arvind Yadav, circle border (border), Ghaziabad. Police previously said the post mortem report of the girl did not confirm rape, but they are awaiting the slide test report for further evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070363", "title": "IIM-A summit discusses role of India Inc", "text": "AHMEDABAD: ConneXion, the flagship business summit organized by Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A), gave a holistic perspective on how corporate India can contribute to the rejuvenation of India and eliminate corruption and other hurdles on its first day on Friday.The two-day summit hosted by students of the Post Graduate Program in Management for Executives (PGPX) at IIM-A saw industry and academia share a platform on the theme of 'Rejuvenating India-Role of the Corporate Sector.' C P Gurnani, chief executive officer, Mahindra Satyam , and managing director, Tech Mahindra , set off the event with a keynote speech along with IIM-A director Samir Barua and PGPX chairperson Satish Deodhar.The speakers also focused on foreign direct investment (FDI).A session on fostering innovation in business organizations was attended by Ajay Nanavati, managing director, 3M India , Arunabh Das Sharma, president, Bennett, Coleman &amp; Co. and chaired by IIM-A faculty and chairperson-CIIE, Rakesh Basant.The event also held a panel discussion on navigating business and economic cycles during which the speakers shared their experience on surviving challenges in tough environments. The sessions were followed by questions and interactions.X-biz, the annual business competition of ConneXion moderated a debate on the impact of FDI in multi-brand retail, where six teams presented different views on FDI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071488", "title": "Eflu marks 2 seats in student body for women", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two posts will be reserved for women candidates in the first-ever student union elections to be held at the English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu). Along with the chair of the students' council , which has been reserved for a woman candidate from the SC /ST or OBC communities , the post of the sports secretary , too, has been earmarked for a woman candidate irrespective of her social background . The decision was taken after a big protest on Friday by women students in front of the university's administrative block. The elections themselves , however , have been postponed after the registrar on Friday said that the exercise would have to wait till rules which would governthe process are drawn up .The students had last week made a representation to the university administration seeking reservation of seats in its political body . And that had led to some tension after the administration refused to allow reservations based on gender . Interestingly , in 2009-10 , the Eflu students' charter had provided for reservation of two seats for women .But the university decided to conduct students' union elections this year , with new vice chancellor , Sunaina Singh taking charge . Talking to TOI, Singh said that the decision to honour the gender based reservations was taken after deliberations with the university's students and its teaching community .The students had earlier alleged that the decision to do away with an already existing rule (students' constitution rule of 2009-10 ) which provided for reservation for women was highly undemocratic . On Friday , the protests on campus started at around 11am and lasted for about two hours till the administration announced that gender-based reservations would be allowed .The demand for women 's reservation was supported by all student groups on campus including Dalit Adivasi Bahujan Minority Students' Association , Dalit Students' Front , Progressive Democratic Students' Union , SAMVAD , Students' Islamic Organisation and Telangana Students' Association .Women students on campus who had vigorously campaigned for reservations said that it was a monumental step towards creating a larger democratic space on campus . \"There are several gender issues on campus which can be addressed when a female participant takes up a position in the union . We hope that the student council will now better serve the student community on campus ,\" said Sonia Krishna , a student .Several posts were found on social networking websites calling for a celebration over the nod to reservation . \"This is the time to congratulate ourselves on having begun the journey towards substantive democratic participation in the processes of collective decision-making . We have successfully claimed a democratic space that upholds values of gender and caste equality ,\" says Ria De, a female research scholar at Eflu, in a post on a social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17071036", "title": "Free health check-up camps between November 6-8", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Free health check up camps will be held in the blocks including Mauaima, Tharwai and Phulpur on November 6, 7 and 8.District magistrate Raj Shekhar while presiding over a meeting of organizing committee told health officials, Panchayati Raj officer and district programme officer to complete preparations regarding health camps. The DM asked officials to take assistance from gram pradhans and hold meetings.Officials have been told to ensure potable water and sanitation at the camps. Health workers, including ASHAs and aganwari workers, have been asked to prepare a list of families and individuals of a particular block and they would be taking these families to the camp site.DM further directed health officials to ensure that doctors, paramedical staff and medicines remain available at the health camps and make efforts to promote the health camp through various means including folk artists. Volunteers of Nehru Yuva Kendra will take out awareness rally regarding health camps and help of NGOs has also been sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "rajahmundry (ap)", "code": "17073557", "title": "RTE Act to be fully implemented by 2013: M M Pallam Raju", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY (AP): The Right to Education Act will be fully implemented in the country by 2013, Union HRD minister M M Pallam Raju said on Friday.He was speaking to reporters after taking darshan of Lord Satyanarayana Swamy at Annavaram, in East Godavari district here.\"The UPA government had brought the Right to Education Act in 2010, which will be fully implemented by 2013,\" he said.The minister added that the UPA government was preparing a draft policy for the development of education sector and skill-technology in the country.\"More institutes providing vocational courses will be developed in the country to help the skilled,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069414", "title": "Now, aspiring management graduates have to undergo emotional quotient test", "text": "NEW DELHI: Are you likely to have a nervous breakdown if stocks coming crashing down or will you be able to steer your team through a crisis? Do you have a marketing mind or a financial whiz? The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) plans to test the \" emotional quotient\" (EQ) of aspiring management graduates in the Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) that it conducts every year.CMAT is an online computer-based test conducted by AICTE to facilitate 3,700 institutions running management programmes in the country. It is a national-level test for all institutes, excluding the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs).\"We are working with experts to create content that can evaluate a candidate's emotional intelligence to judge how suitable he or she is for the course,\" said S S Mantha, AICTE chairman.The new section with weightage of about 25 marks out of the total 400 is likely to be introduced in October, 2013. Questions will evaluate the EQ of candidates besides skills like quantitative technique, logical reasoning, language comprehension and general awareness.The CMAT was introduced as part of the government's effort to reduce the multiple entrance exams for admissions to MBA and post-graduate diploma in management (PGDM) programmes at institutes approved by AICTE. However, the move has only been partially successful.There are at least five-six other management tests. The premier IIMs conduct the common admission test (CAT) independently. Other established tests include MAT and GMAT that are accepted by some institutes.The AICTE plans to conducts the test twice a year\u00e2\u20ac\u201din February and October. Online registration for CMAT 2013-2014 started on November 1 and will continue till January 2, 2013. The test will be conducted between February 21 and 25, 2013, and is eligible for graduates in any discipline and final year students of graduate courses. It will be conducted in 62 cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070174", "title": "Curb in sale of firecrackers in Mira Road", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation has set up specific zones for the sale of firecrackers, banning their sale from shops and roads in the region.The civic body has identified seven open grounds where fireworks will be sold. Suppliers have been warned of stern action if found flouting the rule. Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose ground in Bhayander (W), Navghar municipal school ground and Jesal Park ground in Bhayander (E), and Shanti Nagar ground in Mira Road are some of the places where crackers will be sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069609", "title": "Court asks CBI to provide material to deputy CMO's wife", "text": "LUCKNOW: Judicial magistrate CBI Neelmani Kant Tripathi directed the CBI to provide entire material collected by it to Malti Sachan, wife of former deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan who was found dead in jail. The court has fixed December 29 for next hearing.Malti's lawyer had said that he would file objection against CBI's closure report, but as had not the necessary papers he needed more time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069172", "title": "Woman dies of dengue; Nagpur Municipal Corporation denies", "text": "NAGPUR: Swati Meshram, a 25-year-old girl undergoing treatment for suspected dengue at Suretech Hospital and Research Centre, died at 10 pm on Thursday. Swati, daughter of Jagdish Meshram, a resident of Kalpana Nagar in north Nagpur, was admitted to the hospital some days ago. According to one of Meshrams' close relatives, the cause of death is 'dengue shock syndrome.'\"Swati suffered cardio-respiratory failure due to dengue fever and fulminant hepatities C,\" stated Dr Nirmal Jaiswal in her death certificate. However, NMC's medical officer (vector-borne diseases) Dr Ashok Urkude contested the claim. According to him, Meshram died of hepatitis C and said that an inquiry would be conducted without explaining what he based his conclusion on.In the locality where Swati lived, there has been a steep increase in mosquito menace. \"Abnormal increase in density of mosquitoes in this part of the city are indicators of problems in the days to come,\" Swati's neighbours said. About this, Dr Urkude assured he would visit the north Nagpur localities on Saturday morning.Since January 2012, there have been over 40 positive cases of dengue in NMC limits. If NMC confirms the diagnosis, it'll be the third dengue casualty in Nagpur this year. TOI on Friday surveyed parts of North Nagpur and came across many localities including Kalpana Nagar, Mhada Colony, Nari, Guru Teg Bahadur Singh Nagar, Dixit Nagar, Babadeep Singh Nagar, Samta Nagar, Takshasheela Nagar, Tarkeshwar Nagar, Bhakti Sagar Nagar, Sonawane Layout, Angulimal Nagar, Sahyog Nagar, Ramai Nagar and Kamgar Nagar etc were garbage disposal continues to be a major problem. Even though NMC had entrusted a private firm Kanak Resources to lift the garbage, there is no sign of cleanliness in this part of the city.Huge mounds of garbage lie dumped in most areas. \"A strong, unpleasant smell greets visitors to Mhada Colony. The roadsides and street corners have turned into garbage dumping spots. It is one of the oldest and a major problem and not much is being done to address it,\" claimed former corporator and social activist Manoj Sangole.The residents of these areas were angry over NMC's failure to ensure proper cleaning. Hemraj Khobragade, a resident, said that the condition of the locality was pathetic. \"We clean our homes prior to Diwali but the sanitary staff fail to clean the locality,\" he said.Vivek Khandekar, a grocery shop owner, pointed out, \"the NMC employees visit the area and shift the garbage from the middle of the road to the roadside. The spot then attracts stray cattle and pigs, which further increases threat to the citizens' health.\" Even local corporators including Gautam Patil expressed dissatisfaction over the cleanliness.In order to rid the locality of garbage, people it set on fire. \"People here are poor and cannot afford hiring vehicles to clear garbage. Hence they prefer to burn it,\" Sangole said. The problem is not restricted to residential colonies alone. A large portion of Jaripatka ring road has permanent piles of garbage. \"Authorities have never bothered to clear them,\" say residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17071257", "title": "First solo, non-stop sail across globe from Mumbai flagged off", "text": "MUMBAI: The first ever solo circumnavigation was flagged-off from Mumbai on Thursday morning. Lieutenant commander, Abhilash Tomy, the first Indian to attempt a solo non-stop circumnavigation, seemed at his confident best as he set sail for a voyage that would take him across all meridians and through the equator twice. Many salutes and a ceremonious sendoff was given to Tomy for the solitary voyage.Tomy would be sailing across the world alone on a sailing boat. He has stacked up food, water, fuel and equipment, but the real daunting task would be to survive through the unpredictable sea and erratic climes. Tomy hopes to complete the voyage in five to six months. He would be sailing on an indigenously made ship Mhadei. Mhadei was chosen for circumnavigation three years ago when another naval official sailed across the globe. His voyage, however , had four stops.On Thursday, Tomy boarded the boat amid cheers and salute from his colleagues. He was given a naval memento, a binoculars and a cap with the naval logo. Tomy interacted with school children and colleagues as the naval band played a tribute. Just as the boat started moving away from the shore, Tomy waved out his cap and bade adieu. Hos colleagues queued up on another ship and saluted as the boat sailed away. Some navy officer went on a ferry to see Tomy off till Mumbai's sea boundary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17070253", "title": "Police record teachers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 statements", "text": "KALYAN: The Mahatma Phule police is investigating the case of a 16-year-old college girl who on Thursday tried to commit suicide by slitting her wrist after a teacher made her sign a letter saying she had stolen Rs 2,500 from the former's bag. The police on Friday recorded the statements of both teachers against whom the victim had levelled harassment charges.In their statements to the police, both teachers stood by their stand that the victim stole money from a teacher.The teachers said they had taken her signature on a paper just to inform the victim's parents.On Thursday the teacher had allegedly asked the girl to sign a letter saying she had taken the money from her bag. She had told the girl her identity won't be revealed. But the victim's family alleged the teacher revealed the girl's identity. The girl's statement will be recorded after her recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070918", "title": "West Bengal finance department kick started a slew of electronic measures aimed at better tax compliance", "text": "KOLKATA:The finance department had kick started a slew of electronic measures aimed at better tax compliance and to hasten the time for clearance of files. Amit Mitra, the state finance minister told reporters that the finance department is introducing workflow based online file tracking system from Friday which was promised in the last budget.\"There will be no piling up of files. If somebody is sitting on any files then that can be tracked. This will help in speedy decision making in all levels. All the administrative departments of the state government will be extended the facility to all the administrative departments from December 1,\" he said.Elaborating the initiative to raise the level of compliance, Mitra added that it has installed Oracle base server which cam help in ratio analysis for tax collection. \"We are also planning regression analysis with the help of this server,\" he added. Besides, it has also introduced e-stamping for property registration and digital signature for dealers.Mitra pointed out that in the new facility online assessment of registration fee and stamp duty and facility of e-payment through government receipt portal system will be available. \"Online payment of stamp duty will be compulsory for above Rs 5 lakh. This implies that for any property transaction over Rs 70 lakh one has to e-stamp will be mandatory.This will reduce processing time significantly,\" he added. Elaborating the benefits of e-stamping, Mitra added that the primary objective is to eliminate leakage of revenue due to use of fake non-judicial stamp papers. \"There will be instant credit of deposits in government account,\" he added. Commenting on the digital signature, finance minister added that 2.30 lakh dealers are registered under VAT act. \"The state government will bear the cost of digital signature for the dealers with less than Rs 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069181", "title": "Woman in BMW mishap dies, cops unsure if driver was drunk", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman critically injured in a road accident in Mankhurd early on Thursday died in KEM Hospital on Friday, prompting police to slap the additional charge of 'death due to negligence' against the mishap's alleged perpetrator. Cops did not however invoke the stricter section of 'culpable homicide not amounting to murder' against the accused woman, Aarti Shetty, arguing that it was yet to be established that she was under the influence of alcohol; on Thursday, they had cited a \"medical test\" to say she was driving drunk.Mubin Zehra Sayyed succumbed to the head injuries she suffered when the auto she was in was rammed from behind by a BMW sedan on the Sion-Panvel highway around 4.30am. The 38-year-old homemaker, her husband and son were headed to Nerul because of a death in the family. All three were injured in the accident as was the auto driver.After the mishap, Shetty was booked under sections of the Indian Penal Code as well as under section 185 of the Motor Vehicle Act for \"drunk driving\". Cops said a \"medical test\" had established she was inebriated. A witness to the accident had said, \"The woman driver was so drunk that she could hardly stand straight.\"On Friday though, Mankhurd police senior inspector Shankarsingh Rajput said the inebriation was proved by a breathalyzer test and circumstantial evidence. Shetty's blood samples, Rajput added, have been sent for chemical analysis, which will determine conclusively if she was under the influence of alcohol. The report, he stated, may take up to three months.A resident of Chembur, 32-year-old Shetty was arrested on Thursday and released on bail. Though IPC section 304-A (death due to negligence) was added against her following Mubin's death on Friday, she was not rearrested because that charge too is bailable.If it is confirmed that Shetty was intoxicated beyond the permissible level, it could be grounds to attract IPC section 304-II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). Upon conviction, the section entails more years in prison than section 304-A. US citizen Nooriya Haveliwala was sentenced to five years' rigorous imprisonment on Thursday because she was found guilty under IPC section 304-II.Mubin's family on Friday said they wanted Shetty to be punished stringently. Her eldest son Ali Raza Sayyed he felt helpless with his mother gone and father oblivious about the loss. \"She did not deserve to die like this,\" said Ali after Mubin's funeral at Reay Road cemetery.Mubin's husband Hussain was operated upon for a fracture in his right foot on Friday. \"A rod has been placed in the foot. Doctors told us it will take a few weeks to heal,\" said Ali. \"We have decided not to tell him anything about our mother till he is stable and in good health.\"Ali's brother Sayyed Mehendi said Shetty should be given \"nothing less than life imprisonment\". Ali and Mehendi's brother Raza, who was travelling with Hussain and Mubin and also suffered injuries, took discharge from Rajawadi Hospital to attend his mother's funeral. He broke down at seeing his mother's body and was inconsolable.Meanwhile, Shetty said from her hospital bed: \"I am not saying I had not had a few drinks. However, the rickshaw came into my path suddenly. I did my best to swerve left but somehow hit it. My car was smashed completely too, whereas in the case of rickshaws, the smallest brush can cause them to topple over.\"After the accident, Shetty was admitted to Shushrut Hospital in Chembur with a broken collarbone and a fractured nose. Her mother Geeta said, \"She along with her friends had attended a Halloween party either in south Mumbai or Bandra, I am not sure. But they all came back home around 2.30am and ate fried nuggets, after which Aarti went to drop one of them home when the accident occurred.\"Denying that Aarti was \"too drunk\", her mother said all she had had were a few beers. \"The impact of the collision affected her as well. How can you stand if you have broken a collarbone and are bleeding from the nose? Aarti blanked out after the accident. Her sister-in-law, who was travelling with them, pulled her out of the car. In fact, the BMW has been damaged beyond repair,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17070439", "title": "Suicide bid by home minister kin\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s robber", "text": "KALYAN: Mukhtar Shaikh (24), in the custody of the Government Railway Police (GRP) for attempting to rob and attack a relative of state home minister R R Patil at Kalyan railway station, tried to commit suicide inside the police station lock-up by slitting his throat with a blade. He is said to be out of danger.Patil's relative Prashant Jadhav was robbed of his mobile and some cash on the night of October 22 when he had gone to Kalyan railway station to see off a relative. Mukhtar and Shahauddin Khan (32) were arrested by the police for the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17070604", "title": "Bokaro sees spread in dengue with 80 cases", "text": "BOKARO: Dengue is on the rise in the district and in the past four days 18 dengue patients were admitted to the Bokaro General Hospital (BGH).Hospital records show that 80 cases of dengue were reported in the past two months. Of them, four died while about 68 patients were released after recovery. The inflow of patients shot up after the last week of September.According to the district health department, no dengue patient has landed in government or private hospitals in the town yet. All affected people have been rushed to the BGH, which is run by the Steel Authority of India Limited. The 910-bedded hospital is the biggest in this area.Civil surgeon of Bokaro, S N Tewary, has asked all nursing homes and private hospitals to submit medical reports of patients admitted with them. Dengue testing kits have been distributed among government health centres. The health department has begun fogging in Bokaro and Chas.The majority of the patients are residents of Bokaro and among them the majority belongs to Sector-II area. The Bokaro Steel Plant has also launched fogging operations in streets. They are also sprinkling chemicals at mosquito breeding sites, especially in Sector-II. Very few cases have been reported from the rural areas.BGH sources said, dengue patients are being given proper care. Four-five patients are coming to the hospital everyday with dengue symptoms. The BGH is sending a daily report about the patients to the district health department.Additional chief medical officer, Arjun Prasad, said that to tackle the disease, they have divided Bokaro into 10 zones and have began sprinkling chemicals and fogging. Awareness is also being created among residents so that they can take precautionary measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073764", "title": "Small screen look - alikes", "text": "It is often said that there are seven people who will resemble us in a lifetime. Not many believe in it. But television actors can sure believe it for once, because they have people who bear a sharp resemblance, should we say! Sometimes, this acts as an advantage and sometimes as a disadvantage too, for the established actors. We list a few such actors who have strong resemblances to each other actors and how they take it.  Gagan Malik and Mohit Raina Tall and hunky Gagan Malik who plays Ram in Sabke Jeevan Ka Aadhar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ramayan has strikingly similar facial features like actor Mohit Raina who is currently essaying the role of Shiv in Devon Ke Dev... Mahadev . Gagan says, \"I don't think I look like Mohit, but people do address me as Mohit sometimes. Lot of my fans call my mom and tell her that they saw me in Mahadev , but it isn't me. I know Mohit and we have auditioned for roles together in the past.\" Pooja Gor and Jacqueline Fernandez While most people might disagree that Pooja Gor shares any kind of similarity with Jacqueline, but take a closer look at both of them and many feel that there is a strong sense of resemblance between them. Pooja who became a household name with her TV show Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya says, \"I am often compared to Jacqueline \u00e2\u20ac\u201d especially when the film Murder 2 released. A lot of confusion was created when she featured on the cover page of a magazine and coincidentally my name was also on it. One of my fans also told me that we can very easily be mistaken as sisters. I think Jacqueline is very pretty. But I am sure no one would want to be compared this way. I believe every individual is unique.\" Deblina Chatterjee and Aamna Shariff Deblina's claim to fame was her portrayal of Aaliya Hassan ( Sajda Tere Pyaar Mein ). Deblina has a similar hair cut and her face outline is similar to that of Aamna Shariff. Aamna Shariff is now seen in Hongey Judaa na Hum . \"Some people have often remarked and told me that Aamna and I have some resemblance. There might be certain features \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like our eyes are similar, but surely not the nose,\" Deblina says ruefully. Shilpa Anand and Trisha Krishnan Their smiles have a striking similarity. In the initial days of Dill Mill Gayye , telly viewers actually thought that it was Trisha who bagged the role of Dr Riddhma in the show. Shilpa Anand who hasn't acted in many TV shows since was last seen in Teri Meri Love Stories . Their hourglass figure, complexion, luscious locks often create confusion among a lot of people. Sudeep Sahir and Cezzane Khan Sudeep Sahir is sometimes called a lookalike of Cezzane Khan. Sudeep who was first seen in the music video Chana Ve and was seen later in TV shows like Jab Love Hua, Ayushmaan, Behenein and now in Main Lakshmi Tere Aangan K i. Sudeep is also the most likeable guy next door. \"Lots of people say me that I look like Cezzane. Having a chocolate boy look is an added advantage to attract the audience. The 'look and appeal' will stay on forever. My looks are my strength,\" says Sudeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17071487", "title": "Lawyer accuses cops of stalling Salman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s case", "text": "MUMBAI: After raining fire on Arvind Kejriwal and Sharad Pawar , former cop-turned-lawyer Y P Singh has turned his gunsights on Mumbai police. On Friday, he alleged that officers in the force were helping Salman Khan evade the law by stalling the 2002 hitand-run case in which the Bollywood star stands accused. Without naming the officers, he accused them of dereliction of duty as well as misuse of office and demanded an anti-corruption bureau inquiry.Singh called a press conference on Friday, a day after Nooriya Haveliwala was sentenced to five years in jail in a 2010 drunk driving case. \"In both Nooriya and Alistair Pereira cases, the judgment came within two years. It is the generosity of Mumbai police that has helped Salman evade the clutches of the law for so long.\" At the meet Singh was accompanied by his wife Abha, a former director of postal services.Singh alleged that while courts are blamed for delays, Salman's case displayed how it is the litigants who are responsible. He produced the roznama of the Bandra magistrate court, where the actor's trial actively started seven years ago and is underway.Singh claimed the roznama dated March 23, 2006, showed that till then of 39 witnesses 24 were not served summons, securing their presence in court. Among those who were, 12 remained absent , two did not accept the summons and only one attended the proceedings. \"The trial started dragging from that time. The police time and again failed to produce the requisite witnesses even though most of them were known and based in Bandra and Mumbai. The case is from Bandra , the Bandra police are investigating the matter and even court proceedings are happening in Bandra,\" Abha said.The couple contended that among those witnesses who did appear most were dropped by police as deposing witnesses. Singh added that, as a delay tactic, the correct medical officer was not brought to court on two occasions ; only in September 2010 did police give the details of the actual doctor to the court.Arguing that the prosecution also needed to be held account for laxity, Singh said that in a 2008 roznama the court had remarked that the assistant public prosecutor in the case was not appearing regularly. \"With witnesses becoming untraceable and many becoming hostile, even evasive, police never sought cancellation of his (Salman's ) bail on the grounds that he was using his powerful position to influence police and the witnesses,\" Singh alleged.He also questioned Salman's appearance at police events and asked why no action was taken against officers who felicitated him. \"Some years ago, a few officers were suspended for having attended a party in which some criminals were present,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070488", "title": "Railways need more time to run 13-coach suburban locals", "text": "PUNE: The railways will need some more time to run 13-coach suburban local trains on the Pune-Lonavla section.Railway officials say the platforms at some of the stations need to be extended first to accommodate 13-coach trains. While the railways at present run 12-coach trains, Pune divisional railway manager Vishal Agarwal, a couple of months back, had announced that there is a plan to run 13-coach trains.A few days after the announcement, the railways had conducted trial runs of the same. The response was positive, said a railway official.The work of extending the platforms at some stations is to be taken up, but no timeframe has been fixed as yet. Officials say that the platforms will be extended to accommodate not just 13-coach trains, but to accommodate 15-coach trains keeping in mind future requirements. The Central Railway has already begun running 15-coach trains in Mumbai.On the Pune-Lonavla section, the railways had earlier been running nine-coach trains.From March 2009 onwards, the railways decided to run 12-coach trains because of the heavy rush of passengers. As many s, twenty pairs of trains are run on this section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17069326", "title": "Figo rues lack of choices for World Player award", "text": "MARGAO: Luis Figo does not need an interpreter. Fluent in five languages including English, the Portugal football legend and among the world's best footballers of his time, spoke with an amazing clarity of thought on a host of topics during his media interaction at a South Goa hotel on Thursday. Figo is in Goa to attend the closing ceremony of the YCL at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda. Excerpts:It's nice to have you in Goa. Is this your first visit?Yes , this is my first visit to India and I am glad that it happened to be Goa that I am visiting. Goa has so many connections with Portugal and this state means a lot to the Portuguese. I am more pleased with the invitation to attend the Youth Champions League because it's a youth development event and something that I believe in. I am glad that I will be able to play a small role in the development of football. It is the young who shape the future.But India's football is nothing much to be talked about.There are so many kids participating and we can look forward to the future. Such kind of initiatives will create excitement, a buzz and that can help the game a great deal. The transformation cannot happen overnight but I think we can discover some talent from such initiatives. I can do my bit with my experience.You belonged to the Golden era of Portuguese football. Was this generation responsible for the stupendous growth of Portuguese football over the years?It's not just the Golden Generation of players who helped in the change. It is the clubs, academies, the fans and the federation who helped us compete at a very high level. I spent 10 years at Sporting Clube (de Portugal) and they allowed me to grow, giving me the best of conditions at the club. India must now find its own golden generation and the process must begin now.Ronaldo or Messi?It's a simple answer and I keep saying this everytime the topic is brought up. You cannot compare the two of them. They are two great players and if you compare, one is bound to lose, which will be unfair to the other. They are both high quality players, both entertain, both score goals and both bring in a lot of quality to the team. But they are both totally different players and play in different situations. In the end, choice is subjective.Who would be your pick for the Ballon d Or?Again, it's a matter of debate, but I must say that there are much fewer choices now. During our time, you had 10-15 players who were all great footballers and anyone of them could have won the Footballer of the Year award. This is the big difference.You are among the few footballers to have played for both Barcelona and Real Madrid. But Barcelona fans will hate you more simply because they loved you so much. Why did you leave Barcelona?I felt I was not recognized for what I was at Barcelona. It was a difficult decision since I had everything at Barcelona. But, in the end, and as I see it from my time at Real Madrid where I won plenty of titles and honours, it was the right decision. I have no regrets about that.You had a pig head thrown at you when you returned to the Nou Camp for the Clasico with Real Madrid. Do you think the Clasico is the greatest and most enchanting football rivalry? What makes the Clasico so special?The Clasico is fascinating. I think each country has a separate football culture and each rivalry is different but the Clasico, for the moment, remains special. They have the best players in Spain and the quality is high-class. What makes it more interesting is that the rivalry between Real Madrid and Barcelona goes beyond football.With Jose Mourinho taking charge of Real Madrid has the Clasico become all the more Special?Whether it's Mourinho or anyone else, the Clasico will always be there. The clash is between two of the best teams and it does not matter who is coaching either side.It's evident that the loss in the Euro 2004 final was painful for you while the Champions League triumph with Real Madrid remained a high point. Do you agree?There have been several great moments in my career. The Champions League is one of the high points, true, but I cannot compare with other victories. As for the Euro 2004 final, it was tough. Tough to lose a final. But there is no continuous sadness. That tournament brought Portugal together like never before and we have not seen such kind of support for the national team. We started with a loss and then fought our way to the final. The tournament will always remain special.Who was the best player you played with?Ronaldo. (Brazilian) Ronaldo was the worlds best during that time and he won plenty of awards. That time the quality of players was much more than what we have now. What made Ronaldo different was his sheer physical strength. He is the best I have played with.A lot of former footballers take to coaching after their retirement. Zidane has expressed this wish too. What about you?I do not have coaching on my mind. Not now at least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070910", "title": "HC dismisses Patna Medical College Hospital official's plea against transfer", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday dismissed the Letters Patent Appeal (LPA) of PMCH superintendent Dr O P Chaudhary who had challenged a single bench's order to transfer all the PMCH officials, including Dr Chaudhary, linked with irregularities in the purchase of medicines worth more than Rs 5 crore during 2010-11.Dismissing the LPA, a division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice J N Singh remarked the PMCH superintendent is a doctor whose duty is to provide service to the people wherever he is posted in the state.The single bench had issued the directive while dismissing a writ petition of the PMCH's medicine store keeper Vijay Narayan Rai challenging his transfer from PMCH by the government after it had ordered a vigilance investigation into the purchase of medicines. In his supplementary affidavit, Rai had submitted before the single bench that more than five PMCH officials during whose tenure the alleged medicines were purchased were not transferred as they were influential while a junior employee like him was transferred. On this, the single bench had ordered the transfer of all the officials of PMCH involved in the purchase of medicines.Directive to Patna SP: A single bench presided by Justice V N Sinha on Friday directed the Patna SSP to get registered an FIR against an accused in a criminal case, Mithilesh Singh, who had jumped the provisional bail granted by the high court.K Senthil Kumar case: A single bench presided by Justice Samarendra Pratap Singh on Friday adjourned to November 5 the hearing on a writ petition of former Patna Municipal Corporation commissioner K Senthil Kumar, challenging the state government order for his suspension on the ground of financial irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17071037", "title": "After Kaziranga, call of the wild rings out from Pobitora", "text": "GUWAHATI: After Kaziranga National Park, Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, also famous for one-horn rhinos, was opened for visitors on Friday. Forest minister Rockybul Hussain formally opened the sanctuary for visitors in the presence of forest and district administration officials.On the opening day, 236 visitors - nine of them were foreigners - turned up at Pobitora. Being close to the city, Pobitora, over the years, have become one of the preferred wildlife tourism destinations in the state. Last year, 18, 779 Indians and 207 foreigners came to Pobitora.\"Over the years, there has been a rise in the flow of visitors to Pobitora. Tourism infrastructure has improved significantly to attract more visitors to the sanctuary,\" said Hussain. Apart from jeep services, the forest department has deployed nine elephants for taking visitors on safaris.\"We are also in the process of engaging more elephants from private owners in due course of time for the tourists. This time, visitors can also enjoy boating,\" said a sanctuary official.According to this year's census, Pobitora has 93 rhinos in its 38.8 sq km area, making the sanctuary one of the most high-density rhino habitats in the world.Like Kaizranga, the sanctuary also bore the brunt of floods this year, damaging all its approach roads and other infrastructure. One rhino was killed by poachers during high floods, while another was swept in strong currents of the Brahmaputra. The rhino, which was stranded in a sandbar in Kamrup district for almost a week, was however, successfully rescued.Last year, the district administration, tourism and the forest department organised Mayong-Pobitora festival where the art of sorcery and traditional healing methods were showcased for tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070844", "title": "Presi students can now switch streams", "text": "KOLKATA: Academic rigidity, the bane of higher education in India, will not constrict students of Presidency University that aspires to be a world-class institution. Ushering in what is commonplace abroad, Presidency will give students who have completed graduation the option to switch from arts to science or vice versa for their masters degree.\"It was the students who first proposed this shift. We were mere agents in implementing it,\" said Presidency vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar.Presidency authorities plan to implement the policy from this session. The logic is simple. If one is good in history or any other arts subject, he or she can as well be good in mathematics. A student who has graduated in humanities may choose to study science in post-graduation and vice-versa. The decision comes as a revolutionary step for any institution in the country that till now did not offer such flexibility in higher education.\"Students often buckle under peer pressure and choose a particular stream while taking admission in undergraduate courses. Later, as they mature, their choices may change. Keeping this in mind, we considered a change in policy,\" the VC said.Referring to Cambridge University , Sarkar said: \"There, a student is allowed mobility even between Part I and Part II. They award 'bachelors degrees' and not degrees in any particular subject. For a young student, choices cannot be limited. A resolution was passed by Presidency University which was later ratified by the council, its highest decision-making body.\"The students will only have to secure a passing grade in the post-graduation admission test conducted by the university. \"The answer scripts are coded. Hence, the examiners have no way to determine if the student has majored in any other stream. If they secure a passing grade in the admission test, they will be considered fit to study the subject in post-graduation,\" explained Sarkar.Debojeet Thakur is the only student who has chosen to switch streams. \"My first preference was history but due to peer pressure, I had opted for economics. I had secured the first rank in the history graduation admission test. Hence, after completing graduation in economics, I felt an urge to satisfy my dream and thus pursue history in post-graduation. I appeared in the post-graduation admission test and secured a rank to study history,\" he said.\"Initially my teachers, who have now shifted out of Presidency, had discouraged me to switch streams. Even now, the University Grants Commission does not offer such flexibility. Hence, after my post-graduation I would like to do a doctorate or maybe move out of the country,\" he added.In Calcutta University, students are allowed to shift between subjects in the same stream provided there is a similarity in content. \"A student who has graduated in history can opt for sociology in post-graduation or vice versa. Similarly, a student who has studied history can opt for mass communication in post-graduation. But a complete switch in the stream is never allowed,\" said a CU official.Suranjan Das, the VC of the university, said: \"Foreign varsities offer such flexibility. But it is unprecedented in the Indian higher education system. In CU, we do not have adequate man power or infrastructure to put such a system in place. Presidency is attempting to break away from the norm and offer flexibility. It is however unlikely that a student will succeed in the post-graduation admission test while switching disciplines. Only in rare and extreme cases, some students may become successful.\"In Jadavpur University, too, such a switch is not permitted. \"In subjects like comparative literature or film studies, students from other humanities streams are allowed to pursue post-graduation. However, such a massive switch in streams is not allowed. We also do not see any such change in the near future,\" a JU authority added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070520", "title": "Travel body staff, 64 clients duped", "text": "MUMBAI: A case of cheating has been registered against the management of a travel agency based in Malad West, after its employees and clients complained they had been duped of lakhs of rupees. The Bangur Nagar police said that 64 clients have come forward so far, complaining of being defrauded ofnearly Rs 38 lakh. No arrests have been made.The travel agency, Move Holidays, is owned by Karan Vyas and his wife, Akshata. The agency had a 200 sq feet office at Kemp Plaza in Malad. Police have slapped charges of cheating on the Vyas couple as well as the agency's country co-ordinator, Virendra Singh.\"On October 31, Vyas booked tickets for the night show of a film for 20 of his employees. He also hosted a party for them on October 29. But when the employees reached their workplace on Thursday, they were shocked to find a few labourers emptying the office , packing up furniture and laptops. When the employees called up the Vyas couple and Singh, the trio's cellphones were switched off,\" said a police official.The employees then got in touch with some clients to see if the Vyas couple or Singh had established contact with them. \"The clients realized they had been duped as well. 64 clients then approached the police, complaining that the accused had fled with payments made for travel packages,\" said the official.The travel agency, which was started a year ago, lured customers by placing advertisements on their website and in leading newspapers. The agency offered holiday packages to Goa, Kerala, Thailand, Bangkok, Manali and Kashmir at throwaway prices. An employee of the agency told the police that some of them hadn't been given a month's salary, incentives and commission. \"The accused-trio is on the run. We have booked them under Section 420 and 34 of IPC and are looking for them,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069113", "title": "Nature lovers celebrate biologist's birth centenary", "text": "CHENNAI: He wrote about wildlife conservation at a time when few people knew about the subject. An outstanding field biologist, he drew up plans for sanctuaries in the country. But not many in the city are aware of the contributions of naturalist, nature photographer and writer M Krishnan.To mark his birth centenary and create awareness about his work, Madras Naturalists' Society (MNS) and Prakriti, IIT Madras' wildlife club, will hold a commemorative function on Saturday. \"M Krishnan was born in a village near Tirunelveli and spent most of his life in Chennai,\" says KV Sudhakar, president, MNS. \"He was associated with MNS from its inception.\"Krishnan's love for nature began in his childhood when he accompanied his father to open spaces. He was born on June 30, 1912. After getting a law degree, he worked as political secretary to the Maharaja of Sandur. \"The area was covered with forests and he was inspired by his surroundings,\" says nature writer Theodore Baskaran.Later, Krishnan moved to Chennai and devoted himself to writing. He wrote articles on nature and wildlife in Tamil magazines but is best-known for his column 'Country Notebook' in The Statesman, which he began in 1950. \"It was probably the longest running column in the country. He wrote it for 46 years,\" says Sudhakar.Krishnan wrote a few books, including 'Jungle and Backyard' and 'Nights and Days'. \"His writing is relevant today, when people are moving away from nature,\" says Baskaran, who met Krishnan in 1962. He feels Krishnan's writing is like Thoreau's, interpretative and inspiring. \"It reminds you of the fact that you are surrounded by trees, birds and insects, and urges you to look at them,\" says Baskaran.Krishnan was on the Indian Board of Wildlife for many years and also on the steering committee of Project Tiger during its crucial years. He was awarded the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Fellowship for his ecological survey of larger mammals of peninsular India in 1968 and the Padma Shri in 1970. He passed away in 1996.Krishnan was equally famous for his photography. He used photographs to illustrate and supplement his field observations. So Prakriti has decided to conduct a wildlife photography competition in his honour. \"We decided that is the best way to celebrate his life,\" says Dr Susy Varughese, faculty member, chemical engineering department, IIT Madras. The winners will be announced on Saturday.Organisers hope that the programme will acquaint the younger generation with Krishnan's work. \"He is better known in Delhi and Kolkata than in Chennai, where he lived,\" says Sudhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata/berhampore", "code": "17070874", "title": "Partha, Surjya in war of words", "text": "KOLKATA/BERHAMPORE: Indicative of the low political threshold in Bengal, state industries and commerce minister Partha Chatterjee on Friday claimed that criminal cases can be filed against Assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra for his alleged involvement in corruption during his tenure as the former health minister of the state.Chatterjee advised Mishra not to \"test the patience\" of chief minister Mamata Banerjee , as the state government had received a flurry of complaints against him. \"If the files about the role of NGOs in the health department are opened, Surjimama (Surjya Kanta Mishra) will have to stay in darkness,\" Chatterjee told reporters at Writers' Buildings.Mishra has been attacking the government with his characteristic sarcasm on the Haldia imbroglio. True to Mishra, the allegations levelled by Chatterjee against him are nothing new. Mishra had repeatedly maintained that if the state government actually has so much of evidence against him, what was stopping them from bringing it to the fore. Chatterjee came down heavily on Mishra, accusing him of spreading false propaganda against the state government.\"The chief minister is so kind that she is showing patience. There was a flurry of complaints against the health department when Mishra was health minister, including PTTI and the role of NGOs,\" Chatterjee said.\"Those who are mentally challenged can be treated. But Surjimama has gone beyond treatment. They have destroyed the entire state. Those like Surjimama are trying to come back but they do not know that rotten fishes do not sell,\" Chatterjee said. \"People have taught them a lesson but they are not learning anything from the people's verdict,\" he said.\"They are maligning themselves by making comments that are bad in taste,\" he observed. Chatterjee said they are not worried about what happened at Haldia Port. \"It is an internal issue of the port and a cargo handler. We are not giving any weight to the concocted campaign against us,\" Chatterjee said when asked how will the party counter what he claimed malicious campaign against them.Speaking in a public rally in Berhampore minutes before Chatterjee's attack, Mishra reiterated that it was the chief minister's impatience which was causing ills. \"We hoped she will be patient and work for the people. But her impatience is ruining everything,\" he said.\"I have said this earlier, if they have so much evidence what is stopping them from sending me to jail? They have imprisoned many of our leaders on trumped up charges. But even if they throw us in jail, they cannot shut our voice. We will speak for the people,\" Mishra reiterated.Attacking the government on Haldia yet again, Mishra claimed that the government was lakhichara (financially indisciplined) and they are bent on driving whatever investors the former Left regime brought to Bengal. He, however, wasn't available for comments on Chatterjee's personal attacks though he had reacted on it several times in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071129", "title": "Waterlogging stares city in the face", "text": "KOCHI: Despite tall claims by the Kochi Corporation that it had carried out canal clearing works extensively to prevent waterlogging, many of the low-lying areas in the city were inundated during the recent rains.According to experts, the practice of dredging and increasing the depth of canals alone will not help solve the problem.Pointing to the failure of the recently-cleared Thevara-Perandoor (TP) Canal to ensure free flow of rain water, experts said in places like Kochi, where tidal variations are high, canals should be wide enough to support the movement of surface water. Increasing the depth will not ensure flow of surface water. Nothing much was done to retain the width of the TP Canal. Over the years, the width of the canal has been reduced owing to encroachments and unscientific construction of bridges and culverts.\"There was some obstruction under the culvert in Kaloor which prevented free flow of water. The canal is too narrow under the culvert and the floating debris gets deposited here, blocking the passage. It is not possible to move floating dredgers under the culvert and clean the surface. This results in water getting clogged,\" said S Gopakumar, president, Better Kochi Response Group, a city-based NGO.He also said to reduce the span of bridges, agencies like the PWD was in the habit of extending constructions into the canal, reducing its width.The corporation, with the support of the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), cleaned the TP Canal spending Rs 2.62 crore. KMRL had entrusted the task with the Kerala Shipping and Inland Navigation Corporation (KSINC). Opposition councillor K J Jacob said the local body hadn't taken steps to clean up the smaller canals that opened into TP Canal. Any cleaning drive would be effective only if the 32 culverts along the railway tracks are properly cleared, he said.Admitting their inability to solve the problem of waterlogging, corporation authorities said efforts to clear the drains hadn't been successful. Works standing committee chairperson Soumini Jain and welfare standing committee chairperson Essy Joseph said people continued to dump waste and plastic materials into the drains, leading to clogging. \"Moreover, as many areas in Kochi are below sea-level, it is almost impossible to prevent waterlogging,\" said Soumini Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069130", "title": "Mechanic dies as lift crashes on him at private firm", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old mechanic was crushed to death when the lift he was working on crashed down on him at a private firm in Ramapuram near Valasaravakkam on Thursday.Police said Jagadish Rajan, a native of Kanyakumari, had joined the company that maintains lifts and elevators a few months ago. Early on Thursday morning, he arrived at the company . He then began working on the roof of the lift on the third floor when he slipped and fell down. He rolled into the passage of the lift and was crushed as it came crashing down.As soon as he fell, other occupants of the building and visitors informed the security guard but it was too late to move him to hospital. On receiving the information, police went there. They had to seek help from the company to send in staff to move the lift up to pull the body. Police cordoned off the area and did not allow people to come near the accident site as it was a gory scene. The body was moved to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital for post mortem. Jagadish's family arrived in the city in the evening to take possession of the body.Police said initial inquiries suggested that Jagadish's fall from the roof of the lift triggered a movement mechanism which brought the lift crashing down. Paramedics who moved the body said it was a pathetic sight as the body and skull were crushed beyond recognition. Police registered a case of suspicious death and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069085", "title": "Working outdoors in haze is a sinking feeling", "text": "NEW DELHI: Winter may be here, but where is the joy of soaking yourself in the warmth of the winter sun? Instead, the city is under a dull haze and spirits are flagging - especially for people who spend almost all day outside. They complain of mood swings, depression and a number of ailments associated with smog.The traffic cop feels his eyes burning, the chaiwallah is too lazy and depressed to wake up and head for his stall while the roadside momo vendor is worried about the congestion in his lungs. They are desperately waiting for the sun to smile.Traffic cops at the ITO intersection feel the weather is worst during this season. \"It's so dry and the effect of pollution can be felt more acutely. We stand here all day, and by the time we head back home, our clothes and faces are covered in soot. So you can imagine the condition of our lungs,\" says a traffic cop, who didn't wish to be identified. His colleague adds that his eyes have been burning for the past four days because of the smog.Other traffic cops complain of lethargy and a generally bad disposition. Frequent tea-breaks can't dispel the gloom. Some traffic cops take a home-made potion of milk and turmeric to deal with the weather.Albel Singh, who sells peanuts and biscuits, has been feeling sick for the past one week. \"It's the weather. I just don't feel fresh. Even though I set up my stall in the afternoon, it's not sunny,\" he says.For newspaper vendors like Lalan Singh it is an ordeal to wake up at the crack of dawn and not see the sun till the evening. \"The winter is not yet here. It's warm in the day but not bright. It makes us feel very lazy. Sneezing and coughing has become a regular thing. We are not taking any medicines,\" he says. Lalan wakes up at 5 am and winds up his work only by 10 pm.Tara Mangal sells steaming momos all day but that doesn't keep him warm. He has been complaining of a bad cold, wheezing and depression. \"I don't feel like working. Standing here all day exposes us to too much pollution. That may be the reason for the strange illnesses that we are contracting,\" he says.School kids and their parents who wake up very early feel sluggish and sleepy all morning. \"It's so tough to wake up in the first place and then the lack of sun makes you extremely slow. My son doesn't feel like waking up at 6 am but I push him. The past one week has been really depressing,\" says Shazia Rehman who has to get her son, Nuh Rehman, ready for school at 7 am. Nuh has been complaining of wheezing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17072979", "title": "PCB picks goodwill ambassadors for tour of India", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board has picked a 10-member delegation of former players, who will act as goodwill ambassadors in India during the much-anticipated bilateral series next month, but questions are being raised about the choices made by the PCB.The Board's Executive Coordination Committee has decided to invite the legends to witness the matches between India and Pakistan in December and to help foster better relations between the two countries.The committee noted that these cricketers have rendered valuable services for Pakistan cricket and are asset for not only PCB but for the country as a whole.\"These players will be goodwill ambassadors for Pakistan Cricket and can help in improving the cricketing relations between two countries,\" a PCB statement said.But interestingly some leading names are missing from the list namely former captains Asif Iqbal, Inzamam-ul-Haq, Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis, Rashid Latif, Moin Khan and even Javed Miandad.A PCB spokesman explained the list was prepared in chronological order in terms of debuts made by the players selected.\"The selected players are those who made their debuts in 50, 60s and 70s and we will consider the others in future events as well,\" the spokesman said.The selected players include Hanif Mohammad, Imtiaz Ahmed, Majid Khan, Zaheer Abbas, Mushtaq Mohammad, Imran Khan, Javed Burki, Wasim Bari, Intikhab Alam and Sadiq Mohammad.But critics in the cricket community have questioned the criteria on the basis of which the players were picked.\"Certainly by no stretch of imagination can you describe Burki, Intikhab or Sadiq as legends of Pakistan cricket,\" one former player said.Another player questioned the need to pick players in chronological order.\"It is a positive move by the PCB but the best thing would have been to send two players from one particular era to a venue that way the legends we produced in the 80s and 90s would not have been ignored,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070909", "title": "No proof of rape against doctor: Police", "text": "PATNA: After an almost month-long probe into the alleged case of rape of Rashmi (name changed), the Patna police have failed to find any proof of the crime against the key accused, former state IMA president Dr Ramesh Prasad Singh. The police are likely to submit their report before a city court on Monday.Masaurhi ASP Saayli, who headed the investigating team, said, \"We have interrogated several people in this case. We also tried to reach all the places Rashmi could describe, including Dhanbad, Bokaro and Ranchi. According to her statement, she was kept blindfolded for 13 days but she could not remember the names of any of her tormentors.\"Even the final medical report of PMCH said there was no mark of external or internal injury on the person of the victim. \"The investigation could not find any evidence to prove that the doctor blackmailed Rashmi and forced her into physical relationship,\" said the ASP. Police could not also recover the alleged MMS clips and obscene photographs of Rashmi which were allegedly used by the doctor to blackmail her.However, Dhananjay, the brother-in-law of Rashmi, expressed unhappiness with the investigation. \"We are not happy with the progress of the investigation. Rashmi was interrogated by the ASP Masaurhi once but police could not make any further arrest. We will move the court on Monday to seek justice.\" He also added that the allegation of Rashmi changing her statements was baseless as her statement had already been recorded under 164 CrPC.While Dr Singh was not available for his comments on the latest turn in the case, one of his relatives told TOI over phone, \"Dr Ramesh is under medical surveillance and has gone to Heart Hospital for medical check-up. He was discharged from the hospital a few days back.\"Rashmi was found unconscious at Danapur railway station on October 9 and an FIR was lodged on October 10 with the Rajiv Nagar police station against three persons. She had gone missing on September 26. She had alleged that she was raped, blackmailed and abducted by the doctor and his associates.According to Rashmi's statement, the doctor raped her during operation and created some video clippings which he later used to blackmail her. She had claimed that Dr Singh called her several times and sexually exploited him. Two persons Pranav and Deepu were allegedly also involved in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069089", "title": "Winged winter visitors flock to zoo", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Zoo is once again playing host to its annual visitors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d migratory birds. With the dip in temperature, many species of local and foreign migratory birds have started flocking to National Zoological Park, including some that have arrived from south-east Asia and Siberia.\"We have spotted many species like grey heron, little egret and spot-billed duck seeking refuge at the enclosure of the painted stork,\" said zoo curator, Riyaz Ahmad Khan. \"More birds are expected when the temperature drops further. The species that are yet to arrive include common teal, green pigeon, common sand-piper and stone-curlew,\" added Khan.Even though some species have arrived at the zoo, officials say their numbers are few. Their arrival has been delayed because the weather is not cold enough yet. \"We expect the number to rise by the end of November. The temperature is not low enough to attract more winter visitors,\" said an official at the zoo. However, zoo authorities have made preparations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d increased fish feed \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for birds like painted storks whose numbers have increased since September. \"We plan to increase the bird feed for the migratory birds also,\" said Khan.While zoo officials and visitors wait for more winter visitors, the painted stork, which is a resident bird, has nested and given birth to scores of chicks.All these birds can be viewed at the Pelican Pound and the migratory bird enclosure located near the Royal Bengal Tiger's den.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069278", "title": "After 27-yr gap, Rajasthan University starts recruitment process for 294 posts", "text": "JAIPUR: After a long gap of 27 years, the University of Rajasthan on Friday began fresh process for recruitment of professors, associate and assistant professors among others. About 294 posts are to be filled during the process.Announcement for the recruitments came after the vice-chancellor of the university met Governor Margaret Alva on Thursday who took an exception of the universities not commencing recruitments of professors despite provisions being made by the government two years back.RU's public relations officer Bhupendra Shekawat informed that recruitment notification is for 35 professors, 61 associate professors and 198 assistant professors. \"Applicants can download the form online from November 1 till December 31. The eligibility criteria and other terms and conditions are available on the university website,\" Shekawat said. The eligibility criteria clearly states that only those candidates who have cleared the National Eligibility Test (NET) would be allowed for appointment of lecturers in universities and colleges.Of the total, a maximum of 34 teachers will be recruited in the chemistry department followed by 24 each for law and botany departments. Sources said the number of teachers to be recruited still fall short of the requirements and students have to make efforts to complete their courses by themselves.The implications of the shortage of teachings staff has hit the student-teacher ratio. According to the latest UGC guidelines, the student-teacher ratio in science subjects should be around 1:11.5 and for humanities it should be 1:20. On the contrary, on an average every teacher has over 120 students in RU.The announcement come as a respite for the departments like dramatics, European studies, centre for mass communication, which has only one professor for over 100 students. In Maharani's college, the student-teacher ratio is around 1:80.Earlier in 2010, the RU had made advertisements to recruit 326 teachers. However, the recruitment process has been put on hold firstly following an agitation by students demanding to clear backlog for weaker sections and later it was called off as RU missed the time period.\"If RU has to regain its old glory, then recruitment should be made a regular activity. This time, I am sure they are all prepared and will not delay as done in the past, particularly because the number of existing teachers are declining every month,\" cautioned Rajiv Gupta, head of department, Sociology.The university is expecting around 50,000 applications for the posts. Experts said if all goes on time, there is a possibility that the recruitment process will be over before the commencement of the new session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17069331", "title": "Chicken prices plunge in Bangalore but not many takers", "text": "BANGALORE: The bird flu scare looms large over the city with many Bangaloreans skipping poultry products, especially while eating out. The good news is that not a single case has been reported outside the 1-km radius of the Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO) after the outbreak of H5N1 virus on its premises in October last week.Poultry dealers at Russell Market say sales have dropped a lot in the past 10 days. \"Hotels and restaurants have reduced their poultry dishes to the minimum,\" said chicken dealer Md Imran Pasha. His sales plunged from about 3000 kgs per day to 1,800 kgs per day. This despite the wholesale price of chicken seeing a huge dip from Rs 75- Rs 78 per kg to Rs 44- Rs 46 per kg. \"There are hardly any taker for eggs,\" he said.\"The sale of poultry products saw a dip by about 10%,\" said Sunder Rajen, MD, Suguna Chicken, adding, \"However, sales are slowly picking up now.\"\"Our chicken sales in Bangalore fell by about 20%,\" said Manjesh Kumar Yadav, GM, Venkateswara Hatchery.Hotels and restaurants are taking special precautions. Leela Palace, for instance, has minimized serving poultry dishes for outdoor catering and restaurant guests are advised to order well-cooked egg dishes. \"The bird flu virus is killed if egg and chicken is cooked properly,\" said executive chef Rajarajen Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17071562", "title": "Balotara water not even fit for bathing, says HC", "text": "Jaipur: The sewerage mess also drew the court's wrath. \"The sewerage line in Jaipur was laid down with World Bank money and now more money is being charged from residents. Why can't the government lay sewer lines at the right places?\"\"A study has proved that in Balotara and Pali the water has so much fluoride that children there are now being born with twisted bones. In Balotara the water is not even fit for bathing,\" Justice Bhandari said.A monitoring committee of the high court recently reported that the state government was discharging sewer water without passing it through water treatment plants. IN fact, some of these plants were of low capacity. The single bench of Justice Bhandari noted that the government saved the Jal Mahal water with the help of a treatment plant, but polluted water was still being discharged into the Kanota Dam. Untreated industrial water was also being discharged into a couple of lakes and dams.According to the monitoring committee's report, the water treatment plant at Jaisinghpura was of low capacity. As such, the water being discharged in the Kanota dam there was polluted. The committee reported that the treatment plant at Ana Sagar Lake in Ajmer was also not working properly, while an illegal colony\u00e2\u20ac\u201dKarni Vihar\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhas been allowed to settle there in the water body's catchment area. The high court has now asked the state government to submit its scheme about treating the polluted water being discharged in rivers, lakes, dams and ponds and where all it intends to set up STP plants in Rajasthan. The matter would be heard again December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17070786", "title": "Mob assaults cop team during raid, four arrested", "text": "NASHIK: A mob of nearly 30 to 40 people attacked rural police, when a team went to raid a gambling den in the Igatpuri town late on Thursday night.The situation was, however, brought under control and four people were arrested by the police on the same night.As many as 27 people have been booked for the offence. According to reports, a team of the local crime branch of the rural police had received information about a gambling den that was being operated in the Green Shop area in the town of Igatpuri. Subsequently, a team comprising an assistant police inspector and a female police sub-inspector, along with other police personnel raided the house of Ibrahim Khan in the Green Shop area. While the police were detaining 17 people who were found in one room, a mob of nearly 30 to 40 persons launched an assault on the police team including the female cop and locked them up in a room.Soon after the news spread, a riot control team and a team of the peserve police rushed to the spot of the incident to control matters.The police also arrested five accused\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Razzaq Khan, Akbar Fahim Khan, Vasim Pathan, Jahangir Khan and Shivaji Mhasne \u00e2\u20ac\u201d under carious IPC sections. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070892", "title": "West Bengal government is doing its best to rope in investors: Partha Chatterjee", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is doing its best to rope in investors, said industries minister Partha Chatterjee as he named four investors who would be investing in the state. He said that a number of big industries had expressed their interest to invest in the state.The announcement from the state industries minister came at a time when the administration is being criticized by the business community for its failure to bring in investment and industrialization process is under question with the ABG group being forced to move out of Haldia.Chatterjee said that the ITC group has shown interest in Uluberia. \"They are planning to set up a food processing plant at Panchla.\" The minister said that the Badrinarayan Alloys &amp; Steel is planning to set up a plant in Uluberia on a 60 acre plant. They are likely to invest around Rs 500 crore and this will lead to employment generation of 300 workers.He said that Mohan Board is also going to invest in the state for setting up a corrugated board factory in the state at Bagnan, Howrah. Already they have a plant in the state.The state is also going to have an industrial hub in Hooghly as Balmer Lawrie is going to buy land in Hooghly. Balmer Lawrie is already having a plot at Dankuni. \"They will be buying land directly from the land owners to set up the industrial hub,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071542", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBe a human face and people\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s friend\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the intermittent drizzle turned into mildly heavy rain on Friday forenoon, 140 IPS trainee officers stood under the open sky listening attentively to Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde as he asked them to \"be a human face and peoples' friend.\"Informing them about his times as sub-inspector of police in Maharashtra , he said times had changed since then and there were new challenges in crime. He said for detection and maintenance of law and order, they would have to make personal sacrifices to set high standards in integrity and efficiency. \"You should be considerate towards the vulnerable sections, underprivileged, women, children, minorities, Dalits etc\" , he said.The home minister appreciated that of the 140 trainee officers, 20 were women and asked them to give attention to crimes against senior citizens and the poor, sexual harassment , dowry related cases, rapes and suicides.Emphasizing on the secular and inclusive character of the country he said, \"Please appreciate the fact that our country is defined by its pluralism. It is this plurality of cultures , religions and communities which makes our society one of the most fascinating in the world. Your understanding, specialization and empathy would contribute greatly to our vision of an inclusive prosperous India. I am sure you will develop a strong sense of commitment to secularism .\"The passing out parade was led by Madhya Pradesh cadre trainee officer Isha Pant who was also given the Prime Minister's baton and the home ministry's revolver for the best allround IPS probationer.\"It is just the second occasion in the history of IPS training since 1948 that a female officer has been adjudged as the best trainee and leading the Parade,\" said V N Rai, director, NPA. Medals were also given in different categories to 26 other officers. Rai read out an eight-page report on the functioning of the academy and the changes that have been brought about to keep the force in pace with the changing times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069084", "title": "Leader of banned Manipur oufit arrested in SE Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A self-styled commander-in-chief of a banned Manipuri terrorist group was arrested in the capital on Thursday. The arrest also led to the rescue of two officials of a construction project abducted in the state for a ransom of Rs 2 crore.The accused, Ningthoujam Romen Singh alias Rocky (27), also the finance secretary of Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP-MC), was caught from Sarai Kale Khan by Special Cell on November 1, following a request by Manipur police. Romen Singh had made Agra his base to avoid arrest in the northeast.Special commissioner of police (Special Cell), S N Srivastava said, \"He was based in Agra since May-June and allegedly coordinated extortion and other crimes in Manipur with the help of his associates. Before coming to Agra, he was in Goa and Nepal. His arrest led to the rescue of two officials, Budhi Chandra and Ningthembi of Moirang's Takmu Water Sports Construction project by Manipur oolice. His men had abducted them and Singh had demanded Rs 2 crore for their release\".Singh and his brother-in-law Rajesh had joined KCP-MC as overground workers in 2007 and a year later, he was arrested in Meghalaya. After getting bail after two months, he fled to Nepal first and came to Goa in 2011. \"He was coordinating extortion and other crimes from these places before he came to Agra where he continued his activities. He came to Delhi for attending to some personal work,\" Srivastava said.Romen Singh is allegedly involved in 18 cases, the latest being the throwing of three hand grenades at a diagnostic centre on October 26 in Imphal after the institution refused to yield to the demand for ransom. Five mobile phones, 16 SIM cards, two pen drives and 15 demand letters on the letterhead of the outfit with his name were allegedly recovered from him along with other articles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070417", "title": "Centre plans to lower widow pension age to 18, expand it to single, divorced women", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre may reduce the eligibility age for 'widow pension' from 40 years to 18 years, a move that would bring the welfare scheme in sync with social realities.It may also expand the widow pension to single and divorced women, a wider net that, along with widows above 18 years, would cost the Centre Rs 609 crore every year.An expert committee constituted by rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has recommended relaxation of norms and eligibility under National Social Assistance Programme that comprises old-age pension, disability pension, widow pension and family benefits for BPL families.The panel also sought dilution of the stringent norms that restricted coverage of disability pension -- 80% of one severe disability or more than one disability of 40% in case of multiple physical challenges.The panel recommended that a BPL person with 40% disability should qualify for the pension. Also, it sought removal of qualifying age of 18 years for disabled, questioning the age restriction since dependency of young disabled is higher. According to census figures, India has 2.19 core persons with disabilities, with 75% in rural areas.National family benefits too may be in for wider coverage, with the panel seeking clarification that one-time assistance of Rs 20,000 in the event of \"death of primary breadwinner\" be expanded to death of \"any breadwinner\" - a clarification which would open it to women.Central benefits for poor category normally include a matching contribution from states. The Centre faced difficulties in their implementation since norms for central schemes were different from similar benefits given by states.Observers said the recommendation for revision of benefits would face challenge from the fiscal situation. The finance minister has already ruled out supplementary grants or new schemes, while seeking cooperation of party men in the belt-tightening measures.RD minister Jairam Ramesh endorsed widening the pension schemes for poor. \"I have done what I had to do as rural development minister and finance minister will do what he has to do,\" he told TOI.The package for higher benefits with better coverage for the poor may come up for discussion at the 'samvad baithak' called by Congress in Surajkund where party and government managers will assess the performance of UPA-2.Congress is walking the tightrope of renewing its 'aam aadmi' credentials amid the challenges of the slowing economy. While the national food security law that seeks to provide subsidized grains to the poor is still in the works, the land acquisition amendment bill is in the final stages of official assent. Sources said such benefits may be kept for the election year when the economy may have improved after the strong measures now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069126", "title": "Attempt to break SBBJ ATM in Bhankrota", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another incident exposing poor security arrangements at ATMs in the city, unidentified miscreants attempted to break open an ATM of State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur in Bhankrota area on Friday. However, they failed in their attempt. There were about Rs 13 lakh in the machine.According to the police, the incident took place in the early hours. \"The ATM is situated at Bhankrota's Bindayika area. About two-three men entered the ATM and tried to break it open. They had opened the machine's monitor,\" said a police officer.The men tampered with the CCTVs installed at the ATM. \"They left possibly because some passers-by spotted them. The police were informed about the break-in around 6.30 am,\" said the officer.The police said that the images on the CCTV footages were unclear clear making it difficult to identify the thieves. Also, no security guard had been deployed outside the machine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073617", "title": "Aashiq Abu to work on 'Idukki Gold' before 'Gangster'", "text": "Mammootty fans waiting to see their star reunite with director Aashiq Abu for Gangster will have to wait a bit longer as the project has been pushed to next year.The much-anticipated action-thriller, which will see the duo reunite after the peppy Daddy Cool , was initially set to go on floors this December. But now with the script yet to be completed, Aashiq will Idukki Gold first.Salt 'N Pepper scribe Dileesh Nair, who would be co-writing Idukki Gold with Shyam Pushkaran, says, \"The plan is to start off Idukki Gold soon because Ahmed Sidhique is still in the process of completing Gangster's script and there are also some issues regarding Mammootty's dates.\"Idukki Gold is based on the short story by Santhosh Echikanam and will star seasoned actors Maniyanpillai Raju, Lal, Babu Antony, Shankar and Raveendran.Incidentally, scribes Dileesh and Shyam also have their own megastar project with Mohanlal lined up, which again is pushed to next year due to star's lack of dates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070281", "title": "Mantralaya makeover bid stuck again", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mantralaya makeover bid appears to have hit rough waters. State officials said that the first round of negotiations with Unity Infrastructure, the lowest bidder for the project, have not been \"satisfactory\".While the government has settled upon Rs 110 crore as the cost for the entire project, Unity had quoted Rs 163 crore for just one component of the project.During negotiations, Unity is understood to have shown willingness to bring down its quote by 15-20%. The state government, however, maintained that its original estimates are \"reasonably correct\" and is unwilling to consider the bidder's offer. Even as negotiations with Unity are still on, senior officials in the state government are not ruling out the possibility of retendering the project.A rebid will, however, push the project back by at least a few months. Sources said that efforts were being made to convince the bidder to further bring down its quote. Bids for the biggest component of the project were opened last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17073509", "title": "Lenovo eyeing 10% share in India's smartphone market", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chinese electronics manufacturer Lenovo has targeted a 10% share in the smartphone market of India within two years, a company official said on Friday. The company is the largest player in the personal computer market in India and hopes to replicate the results fast growing smartphone market.\"We plan to corner 10% share of the smartphone pie of the country. As of now we have launched only five phones from our portfolio of 47 in China. We can launch 2-3 phones every month depending upon the choice of the customers,\" said SS Bassi, head of MIDH verticle. MIDH stands for mobile, internet, DTH and home.The company has launched Android-based touchscreen phones ranging from Rs 6,499 to Rs 28,499 in four southern states of Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and Kerala as well as Gujarat. These states put together constitute 35% of India's smartphone market pegged at 18 million handsets, which is growing at 60%. Delhi and Mumbai also constitute big chunk.\"Gujarat is a very important market for us in PCs and laptops. The same will be the case in smartphones,\" said Shanil Madollathil, general manager (sales) for the western region for Lenovo India. The company expect smart phones to constitute 50-60% of the cellphone market in India within two years. At present, Samsung is the leader in Indian smart phone market with a market share of over 40% followed by Nokia, which has a market share of over 25%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069161", "title": "Chennai: 144kg narcotic goes missing from police custody", "text": "CHENNAI: While enforcement agencies across the world are fighting to curb drug trafficking and looking at ways for safe disposal of seized contrabands, the city police made an incredible claim before a special court here that a 144kg consignment of a narcotic substance was \"simply lost and untraceable.\" Not a shred of paper, document, bills and receipts connected with the seizure was in possession of police.Shocked at the absurd claim, the special court for cases under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985 here slammed the officers of Flower Bazaar police station and asked the police top brass to take action against them, besides making efforts to trace the missing packets of ephedrine hydrochloride.Lamenting that inspectors and sub-inspectors who investigated the case were not aware of the importance of the NDPS Act and ignorant of procedures, principal special judge V Ramamurthy said it was for their superior officers in the department to take appropriate action against them. \"A copy of the order will be sent to the Chennai commissioner of police for appropriate action to trace the missing material objects, including documents and bills that were originally seized in the case,\" he said.A livid judge even advised the head of the police department, including the DGP and the city police commissioner, \"to properly educate\" their officers and equip them to strictly adhere procedures prescribed under the NDPS Act.Seized on August 20, 2002, a total of 144kg of ephedrine hydrochloride, a controlled substance under the NDPS Act, 1985, was last seen on November 11, 2002 when it was handed over to the Flower Bazaar police by the court. However, when the case was taken up for final hearing recently, the police informed the court that the contraband was not to be seen anywhere as it got lost during the relocation of the police station twice during the period. They did not even have documents, bills and receipts connected to the case. Needless to say, the case ended in the acquittal of the sole accused person.According to police, one V Nandakumar, a production chemist then employed with the India Medical Company, was found carrying a plastic bag near the NSC Bose Road-Devaraj Mudali Street junction on August 20, 2002. A brief search revealed four kg of ephedrine. Further interrogation led police to a building at New Natarajapuram Street in MMDA Colony in Arumbakkam, where 70 bags each containing two kg of the controlled substance were found. As Nandakumar did not have valid permit or licence, he was arrested and remanded in custody.Principal special judge Ramamurthy slammed police as well as the prosecution, and said: \"The reason stated by the prosecution for non-production of samples is that the samples were found missing when the police station was shifted to a rental building and again shifted back to the present building after re-construction. This explanation by the prosecution is not convincing.\"Pointing out that there were due entries and acknowledgements to prove that the contraband was indeed handed over to police for safe-keeping, Ramamurthy said: \"The Supreme Court has taken serious view of loss of seized articles. The NDPS Act is a special act, which provides for disposal of articles seized in a particular manner. The officer who seized the material and the investigating officers have no knowledge about the procedure contemplated under the Act.\"Acquitting Nandakumar of all charges, the judge said the prosecution had not filed any document to prove that the place from where controlled substance was seized belonged to the accused. \"The prosecution, only on the presumption that the place from where the substance was seized belonged to the accused, proceeded with the case, but no document or evidence is available to prove that the place belonged to the accused,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17070731", "title": "LPG firms set to block 2 lakh users for norm violations", "text": "NASHIK: Even as they await updated customer information through Know Your Consumer (KYC) forms sent out to consumers, petroleum companies have listed nearly 2 lakh consumers who are likely to be blocked if the KYC forms are not submitted back to them in time.The firms have uploaded their data in the online format and those connections having 'different names and same address (DNSA)' have been put under the scanner.\"Multiple connections in the same name and address have already been blocked and now connections with different names but on the same address have been put under the scanner. The complete KYC forms hold the key to releasing these names or blocking permanently,\" an official belonging to a petroleum firm said.Subsidized connections in the district stand at 10.35 lakh of which Bharat Gas has 5.91 lakh, Hindustan Petroleum has 4.01 lakh and the remaining are with Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ). Hindustan Petroleum has put 42,823 connections under the ascanner and a list of these consumers has been uploaded to its transparency portal.\"Most of the names are with the reference to rural areas where a connection is usually given without a specific address. Therefore, all consumers - whose names appear on the website - have to do is fill in the KYC form and get the connection regularized,\" the official said.Similarly, there were nearly 1.25 lakh such connections from Bharat Gas that were also being reviewed for similar discrepancies. Both companies have so far blocked nearly 1,000 connections over the issue of common names and addresses. Company officials have also claimed that the demand for cylinders has dropped by nearly 10% since the time new guidelines over capping the number of subsidized connections was introduced.\"We have experienced a 10% fall in demand for connections. This says a lot about the issue of cylinders that were being routed into the grey market ,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17071041", "title": "Tuki wants Arunachal historians to do research", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has advised historians to document the history of the state after doing extensive and threadbare research from the ground level.\"There should not be any scope for deviation from the basic facts as it will remain documented for posterity in history books,\" Tuki said while inaugurating the 33{+r}{+d} annual conference of the North East India History Association (NEIHA) at Rajiv Gandhi University in Doimukh on Thursday.He said several historians had attempted to document the history of the state and its tribes in the past, but they did not get into the ground realities and documented the history on the basis of half-done researches. \"Nomenclatures like Abhors for the Adis, Dafla for the Nyishis and 'other Naga tribes' for Wanchos, Noctes, Tangsas tribes of Tirap and Changlang districts were coined and wrongly made part of history,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069262", "title": "Ruling party, civic chief at loggerheads again", "text": "NAGPUR: Once again the ruling party has taken a dig at the municipal commissioner over a petty issue. It seems the office bearers are upset by the municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane move to get many BOT (Build-Operate-Transfer) project verified by an agency appointed by the state government.Addressing a press conference, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said they were upset over Wardhane's comment on chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari. \"We came to know from media that Wardhane stated that Tiwari had nothing to do with the Muslim Library canteen issue. The ML canteen at Mominpura is being run on NMC land leased to Muslim Library Club for operating a library for 30 years in 1923. NMC is getting meagre lease rent from the land so has proposed a BOT project on it. The issue is related to finance , so linked with chairman of standing committee,\" he said.Datke added that the NMC acted in an improper manner that resulted in court case going in favour of person operating the canteen. \"NMC lawyers failed to argue the case properly. We also demanded that the administration submit complete data of advocates on NMC's panel and cases we won or lost or those were in process,\" he said.Datke said Wardhane was delaying development projects, many of which were on BOT model, through verification. \"I came to know that Wardhane had sent all proposed BOT projects to a Mumbai-based agency. We have asked for details so every can know,\" he said. A senior NMC official told TOI that Wardhane never said anything about point raised by Datke. \"Wardhane said the issue of ML canteen was not on Standing committee agenda and came up during discussion in the meeting,\" he added.Sources told TOI that Wardhane wanted to verify BOT projects as the State government appointed an agency for such projects. \"Verification by an expert agency will bring in transparency and will guard against civic body taking up non-feasible projects,\" sources said.Datke also alleged inordinate delay in other projects. \"Decisions should be taken in time. Wardhane was also removing computer operators in the name of human resource management. We are not going to take this lying down and will raise in the meeting of general body,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "17069044", "title": "TDP leader kidnapped", "text": "ONGOLE: Prakasam district dairy cooperative society chairman and senior Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader Challa Srinivasa Rao was abducted by unidentified assailants in Sahibganj district of Jharkhand.The abductors were believed to have taken away Srinivasa Rao, his car driver and accountant in the late hours of Thursday at gun point.Srinivasa Rao had taken up a road works contract worth over Rs120 crore in Sahibganj district and was returning to the district headquarters when the incident took place. Confirming the kidnap, Sahibganj SP A Vijayalakshmi said that the police had launched a manhunt to trace the abductors and get Srinivasa Rao and others freed.As Sahibganj district is not a Naxal-effected area, police suspect that the abduction could be the handiwork of local goons. According to information reaching here, the police already got some leads on the whereabouts of the kidnap victims. Srinivasa Rao shifted to Hyderabad with an eye on big ticket contracts. He met with success by bagging the Rs 120-crore contract for laying a road between Sahibganj and Barkhathpur in Jharkhand about a year ago.He has employed people from Andhra Pradesh to oversee the works. Source said that the local goons were reportedly demanding mamools from the field staff ever since Srinivasa Rao launched the works there and they even reportedly threatened to eliminate him if they did not oblige them.Sources said that the local mafia gathered complete information about arrival of Srinivasa Rao at the project site before abducting him.Sahibganj police claimed that not even a single case of kidnap for ransom was reported in the last two years. Despite having a population of just around nine lakh, Sahibganj district reported about 54 kidnap cases in 2011 and more than 60 in 2012, according to information available.Police said that none of these kidnaps was linked to ransom. Sahibganj SP Vijayalakshmi spoke to her Prakasam district counterpart Raghuram Reddy over phone and briefed him about the situation. She said that they had received a complaint about the kidnap of Challa Srinivasa Rao in the morning and they got definite clues.The incident came to light when Srinivasa Rao's brother Nageswara Rao got no response from his brother's mobile for several hours since Thursday evening. Suspecting foul play, Nageswara Rao alerted other field staff in Sahibganj area and asked them to approach the police immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17069432", "title": "Cabral, Satardekar join forces", "text": "MARGAO: Not long ago, the two were comrades-in-arms, dominating the roaring mining transportation business in South Goa's mining belt. Just before the last assembly elections, though, they parted ways, and contested the assembly elections from Curchorem against each other. Nilesh Cabral defeated then Congress MLA Shyam Satardekar to help BJP gain a valuable seat, and to form the government.Cabral and Satardekar do not see eye-to-eye, but not surprisingly, they are almost on the same page on the current mining crisis. Both blame the previous Congress regime for the current \"gloomy\" situation, and look upon chief minister Manohar Parrikar to bail the affected people out of the \"impending disaster\".Speaking to TOI, Satardekar squarely blamed ex-chief minister Digambar Kamat for the mining scam and for his failure to rein in illegalities. \"Unrighteousness was at its peak during the Digambar Kamat regime, that led to all sorts of illegalities which finally did the Congress in. There was not a semblance of transparency during the tenure of Kamat as chief minister, and corruption was at an all-time high. The vigilance department was virtually non-functional and all types of unrighteous works found favour with the government,\" Satardekar said.The former MLA is apparently pleased over Parrikar's \"parivartan\" regime, but feels that the chief minister erred by ordering the closure of all mines in one stroke following the Shah commission report. \"He should have allowed mines to function this season and at the same time, begun the verification exercise for identifying illegal mines. Had he done that, the current situation could have been avoided,\" Satardekar said.Cabral, on the other hand, feels that Parrikar has made all the right moves, but begs to differ on the 1km buffer zone stand taken by the government. \"There should be no buffer zone, and I had taken up this issue with the chief minister,\" Cabral said.While Satardekar owns 26 mining trucks and seven earthmoving machines, employing over 60 persons, Cabral also owns a fleet of trucks and four barges, with almost 100 people in his employment. Both are considering laying off their staff soon.\"My assets have stopped earning me money. They have become my liabilities. People who were engaged in running my assets (my staff) have become my liabilities. My cheques have started bouncing. For how long will I be able to sustain my staff in this manner? I will be able to retain them for not more than another one month,\" Cabral said. Satardekar concurred. \"I am thinking of terminating the services of most of my staff beginning next month,\" he said.Both are apprehensive that the unrest brewing among the mining-affected population would lead to a chaotic situation if the crisis is not \"intelligently\" resolved soon.\"Already, the economy of the mining-driven markets is in very bad shape. People will literally take to the streets when the gravity of the situation begins to hit them harder,\" Satardekar said.\"The Supreme Court should take a lenient view while deciding on the public interest litigation (PIL), as it is also in public interest that people should not be deprived of their livelihoods. If Goa has to survive, mining has to be an integral part of its economy, until alternative sources of employment and revenue generation are made available,\" Cabral added.The Curchorem MLA, replying to a query, brushed aside speculations over his party-switching ideas on account of the resentment over the mining issue.\"If, at any point of time, I decide to quit politics, I will end it with BJP,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070362", "title": "Need to check for diabetes in kids highlighted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Over 200 paediatricians from across the country participated in a two-day scientific programme organized by the Indian Academy of Diabetes along with International Society for Paediatric and Adolescent Diabetes (ISPAD) which began on Friday.ISPAD secretary general Dr Ragnar Hanas said the objective of the conference is to train paediatricians in checking for symptoms of diabetes in sick children and the chief treatment protocol of juvenile diabetes.\"Unlike adult diabetes, juvenile diabetes can be dangerous where children are known to be detected and become either extremely critical or die till they were given proper treatment. Diabetes in children should be promptly treated,\" Dr Hanas said.Diabetologist Dr Banshi Saboo said that insulin pumps are used extensively in treating diabetes in kids. He said that incidence of diabetes is growing in children due to myriad factors including diet, poor lifestyle and susceptible genes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17071291", "title": "UP college makes headscarves must", "text": "KANPUR: The management of a government-aided Muslim girls inter college here has made it mandatory for girl students to wear headscarf and banned use of mobile phones in the college.\"From today (on Friday) onwards, all the students of Class VI to XII would wear headscarf. The order would have to be abide by all the students irrespective of their religious background,\" college principal Kamar Shaheen said.\"College manager Farhat Hussein directed me that after initial warnings, entry of the student in the college will be prohibited in case of non-compliance of orders,\" Shaheen said. Hussein could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.Besides headscarf, the management has also prohibited use of mobile phones by students and teachers in the college campus. Shalini Prasad, commissioner, Kanpur division, refused to comment on the issue citing that she was not aware about the orders. \"I can comment only after seeing the detailed orders\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071501", "title": "Report exposes poor state of affairs in AP prisons", "text": "HYDERABAD: A few months back , when a mentally-unstable prisoner went on a stabbing spree in Cherlapalli Jail , killing a co-prisoner and injuring a few others with a sharpedged weapon , jail officials had dismissed it as a 'routine' incident.Now, a National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) survey has revealed why such incidents are 'common' and described as 'routine' in Andhra Pradesh . According to NCRB, the state has the highest number of mentally-ill prisoners in India.However , it is learnt that jails here do not even have psychiatrists to attend to these prisoners .According to NCRB, jails in the state had 474 mentally-ill prisoners till December 2011.\"The number of jail inmates suffering from mental illness was relatively high in Andhra Pradesh (474) followed by West Bengal (455), Haryana (355), Gujarat (316 ), Odisha (313), Madhya Pradesh (290), Kerala (275) and Karnataka (248 ),\" the report said .Following the Cherlapalli jail incident in July , the then directorgeneral of prisons , TP Das , in a report to the state government , had found that there were several prisoners who were suffering from psychological and psychiatric disorders . Das had recommended that a psychiatrist be appointed to help these prisoners , but that suggestion has remained on paper .The report also exposes the insufficient medical facilities at jails in the state . Shockingly , for the 120 different types of jails in Andhra Pradesh , there are just four ambulances for use in emergencies . In neighbouringKarnataka , there were 35 ambulances , while even an underdeveloped state like Jharkhand had 29 ambulances . Another revelation draws attention tothesevere shortage of medical staff . For 13,213 prisoners in the state , there were just 82 medical personnel (1:161 ) against an ideal of 130 personnel .\"Andhra Pradesh has reported arelatively large number of inspections (2,486 ) by medical authorities during 2011,\" the report , however , said . Taking security personnel for a ride , 42 prisoners succeeded in escaping from prison , which highlights the absence of foolproof security at state jails . However , 22 of them were later rearrested . The only silver lining in an otherwisesadstateof affairsisthat AP prisons ,whichhadinvestedsignificant monies for the skill improvement of inmates , have shown remarkable results by helping inmates improve their education levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073347", "title": "Priyanka Chopra promotes her album", "text": "Bollywood actor-turned-singer Priyanka Chopra, who was recently in town to promote her single, went on a pub crawl and headed to different places in the city to interact with her fans.When she arrived at this downtown hotspot, she was greeted by a crowd that was in high spirits and went crazy when they saw the star in person. Being the sport that she is, Priyanka went up to the DJ console and played a song or two for her fans gathered there. We spotted DJ Nash by Priyanka's side, while Richard Mathew looked on. Also present at the do were Mahsa, Deepti Mohan, Sarah, Jeff and Jovita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068715", "title": "Couple found dead in Khudail", "text": "INDORE: A man allegedly shot dead his wife at point blank range before shooting himself on Nemawar Road in Khudail here on Friday morning. The incident sent shock waves across the region.The deceased have been identified as Sameer Jahagirdar, 30, and his wife Shaili Jahagirdar 26, residents of Martand Chowk in Sadar Bazaar area. Before their marriage, Sameer was staying in Mandleshwar and Shaili hailed from Khargone. Sameer owned a jewellery shop at Tilakpath.Local people said he was residing here in Indore for the last 10 years and Sameer was a caring husband. The couple also had an eight-year-old son.Talking to ToI, ASP, head quarter, Vinay Prakash Paul said that prima facie it appears a case of suicide. Further investigations are on to find out the exact reasons that prompted the husband to take the extreme step, he added.Meanwhile, the post-mortem report released late evening confirmed that the woman was shot in her head from behind and the bullet came out through her left eye. It also ruled out guesses of them consuming poison before the murder.Police received information that body of a man and woman are lying on Nemawar Road near Khali Fata. The area falls under Khudail police. The woman was wearing jeans and Sameer wore a kurta. When the cops reached there, they found a country-made pistol and a motor-bike, MP09 NL9991, besides their bodies. Wallet and cell phone were found intact. Police also found three live cartridges in the possession of the deceased woman.On Thursday, it was Shaili's mother's birthday and the couple left home at around 4 pm pretending as they were going to bring the cake to celebrate the birthday. However, they did not return. Their cell phone was switched off since night.Sameer was in the business of financing vehicles. Around six months ago, he had hired a shop on rent and opened jewellery shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070365", "title": "Some 2002 riots papers destroyed: Govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government finally admitted that some documents related to the 2002 riots have been destroyed. However, it has claimed that those documents were destroyed \"in routine course\".The government submitted this before the Nanavati commission that probes the 2002 riots. Last month, a senior counsel representing the state government claimed that many documents, particularly those lying with the state intelligence department, were either lost or destroyed. He also claimed that suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt knew that these were lost, and was therefore demanding them.Bhatt had been demanding certain documents for the last two years. When denied, he moved Gujarat high court last month, which permitted him to inspect them. The government also assured the court that it would supply those documents to the probe panel, where Bhatt could inspect them.When he did not find all 47 documents that he had demanded, Bhatt cried foul. The government and the commission denied him access to certain documents that are marked confidential.However, on Friday, the commission passed an order on Bhatt's application alleging that the HC order was not followed and the government did not supply documents.In this order, the commission referred to a letter received on October 18 from State Intelligence Bureau chief's office mentioning, \"Some of the documents of which inspection has been sought have been destroyed in routine course and therefore they are now not available to be produced before this commission\". The commission directed the state government to file an affidavit in this regard for clarity on it. \"We are of the view that a responsible officer of the government should put this fact on an affidavit for final clarification on this point,\" the order reads. With this, the probe panel has marked November 7 to hear further about relevance of these documents for Bhatt's inspection.The government claimed that those documents falling in Category G have been destroyed. It said destroying papers falling in this category after a year is routine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069026", "title": "Gadkari can't be singled out, says RSS", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite his absence, BJP president Nitin Gadkari lurked on the sidelines of the RSS national executive council meeting that got underway here on Friday. Even as it tried to steer clear of land grabbing allegations against Gadkari, who got a second term at the helm of the party recently, the organisation said he should not be singled out as there are others facing similar charges and felt it was for the BJP to decide if he should step down.\"The Sangh stand is let the law takes its own course. And those who are found guilty should be punished according to the law,\" RSS joint general secretary Dattatreya Hosabale told reporters after the inauguration of the meeting at Kelambakkam, on the outskirts of the city. The meeting is being held for the first time in Chennai.The allegations against Gadkari have deeply embarrassed the RSS, which was believed to have endorsed his choice as the BJP chief over the claims of stalwarts. With the three-day meet slated to pass a resolution on land acquisition for projects, the alleged encroachment of farm lands in rural Maharashtra by a firm floated by Gadkari could be an unavoidable topic of discussion.Asked if Gadkari would be asked by the RSS to quit, Hosabale shot back, \"It's the BJP's decision as to who should be in the chair. B S Yeddyurappa was asked by the BJP to quit as chief minister of Karnataka after he was indicted by the state Lokayukta.\"On anti-corruption crusader Arvind Kejriwal's charges, he said it was for the BJP and the Congress to answer them. \"Whether the issue is land acquisition or corruption or any other issue, there is no different yardstick. RSS is with the country's interest. Public morality is supreme for us,\" he said. He said the RSS did not want to guide the BJP on such issues, as the party has ruled the country and is \"matured enough\".Replying to a question on whether the RSS would seek an explanation from Gadkari, Hosabale said the BJP president is a \"Sangh swayamsevak\" and \"allegations should be answered properly\". \"There are swayamsevaks in the BJP. Gadkari is a Sangh swayamsevak. Like in a family, Gadkari also meets the office bearers and discussions take place. If something is happening in the society, we also discuss,\" he said.In a hint at a possible recommendation by the national council to the party, he noted that people were losing faith in political parties and therefore better leadership would have to be given.The press briefing proceeded on a set course with the RSS functionary waxing eloquent on the threat to national security in Assam due to cross-border infiltration from Bangladesh and the need to delete names of infiltrators from the voters' list. He went on to say that \"non-Hindus will have to be treated as infiltrators\" in the northeastern state as Bangladesh, like Pakistan , has declared itself a theocratic state where Hindus are not equal citizens. He indicated that the perceived Chinese threat on the borders could also figure in a resolution intended to be adopted on Assam. An 80-page booklet titled 'Violence in Kokrajhar- An imminent danger to the Nation', published by Guwahati-based Heritage Foundation , was circulated to the delegates and the press at the venue.On the day-long closed door deliberations at the meeting, little could be gleaned. A report on the proceedings would be given to the media on Saturday by the RSS publicity chief Ram Madhav, mediapersons were told.Earlier, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat lit the traditional lamp to inaugurate the three-day meet. Around 400 delegates are participating in the meet, the first in north Tamil Nadu. A national conclave was held some years ago in Kanyakumari in the southern region of the state. The meeting is perceived in political circles as another effort to build RSS cadre base in the state where the organization has 800 branches. Commandos have thrown a security ring around the venue, the Shiv Shankar Baba Ashram, in view of Z plus category cover for the RSS supremo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071314", "title": "Repay new education loans in 15 years", "text": "KOCHI: It is good news for students planning to take a loan for pursuing their academic dreams. The repayment term of new education loans will be 10 to 15 years. The current term is five to seven years.Union minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena, while informing the decision vide a letter to his minister K V Thomas, said the move won't have any retrospective effect. The finance ministry decided to liberalize the repayment term after Thomas drew attention to the plight of students from Kerala planning to take education loan.Meena, however, said banks cannot turn down applications for educational loans on flimsy grounds. He added that defaulted loans will be considered as non-performing assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069687", "title": "A deluge of support to Arvind Kejriwal at departure", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of people descended on Kanpur Central railway station late on Thursday night to bid adieu to and express solidarity with Delhi-bound IAC activist Arvind Kejriwal .Kejriwal had travelled to Kanpur from Farrukhabad by road and subsequently boarded Shramshakti Express which was to depart from Kanpur Central for Delhi at 11.45 pm. Despite the odd hours, scores of students from IIT-Kanpur and HBTI had assembled at the railway station to meet the anti-corruption activist.Kejriwal and Manish Sisodiya's co-passengers in the train's B-4 coach took no time in recognizing the two and quickly jumped into conservation with them about their protest against corrupt systems prevailing in the country. Kejriwal stood on the door of the coach and waved at the students and locals who raised nationalist slogans and pledged support the IAC activist.A large number of personnel from the police and GRP had been deployed at the railway station for Kejriwal's security and did not allow people to go very close to the activist.Talking to TOI, Kejriwal said he was overwhelmed with the support he received from people at the Farrukhabad rally. When quizzed about his next move in view of the rally's success, Kejriwal said, \"You will see a lot more from us. Just wait and watch.\"Asked to comment on the allegations levelled against Sonia and Rahul Gandhi by Subramaniam Swamy, Kejriwal said that he was not aware of the revelations and will have to study the documents before making commenting. Manish Sisodiya said IAC would expose several politicians in the days to come but the countrymen will have to wait a little.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068623", "title": "BJP to end JPC boycott to press for calling PM, FM", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP is likely to attend the next meeting of the Joint Parliamentary Committee probing the 2G scam on November 8, ending its boycott of the panel to once again press for the inclusion of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram as witnesses.BJP members will review their strategy of staying away from committee proceedings after assessing the response of JPC chairperson P C Chacko who has so far been stonewalling their demand. Chacko has not discussed a witness list with the committee yet.BJP and Left members of the JPC are planning to submit dissent notes in case Chacko does not agree to their demand for the inclusion of political figures in the witness list.BJP representatives Yashwant Sinha , Jaswant Singh , Ravi Shankar Prasad and Dharmendra Pradhan have not attended the last three JPC meetings, after storming out in protest against Chacko's \"partisan\" behaviour over witnesses.BJP's decision to return to the committee is also partly influenced by the view that the party is missing out on questioning key witnesses by keeping away. BJP might have hurt its case by not questioning RBI governor D Subbarao - who was finance secretary in UPA-1 - and former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar.BJP and Left are in sync over taking on the government over the 2G scam with CPM leader Sitaram Yechury also demanding that both the PM and the FM be summoned before the committee.When BJP leaders walked out in protest against Chacko, senior CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta had also protested although the Left did not stage a walkout. Dasgupta had appealed to BJP leaders to return to the JPC to ensure that the opposition voice was strengthened against the government side in the panel.Dasgupta has been in touch with BJP leaders including leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj and the party's JPC members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17068989", "title": "Gourmets' worry over vanishing traditional foods, tastes", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ever heard of Sutta Gassu Sandage? It is one of the vanishing food items of badaga community of the Nilgiris. Taking part in a national seminar on 'Heritage Foods of India' at AJK College of Arts and Science here, senior chef H N Vijivan of Taj Vivanta Hotel in Coimbatore said the delicious badaga food item is made out of potato. Potatoes with skin are cooked over live charcoal, cleaned and salt and spices applied on it to make sutta gassu sandage.According to him, there are over 20 exceptional varieties of food items of badagas and they need to be introduced to the gourmets across the world. Mouth-watering delicacies include ganjikke (boiled wheat pearls in an earthenware pot mixed with jaggery and coconut), eragi hittu (finger-millet balls made out of raggi flour, hot water and salt), badagaru koi uthakka (badaga chicken curry) and belle boungue sandage (roasted garlic chutney).Chef Elango Rajendran of Raddison Blue Resort Temple Bay in Chennai said many places in Tamil Nadu have their own traditional food delicacies. While Tirunelveli is famous for its halwa, Manapparai for its muruku, Arcot biriyani has no parallels. Karaikudy is home to not just Chettinadu cuisine but also paniyaram. Virudhunagar parotta continues to be a gourmet's delight while there are many takers for Madurai's jigertanda and fish curry. Srivilliputhur palgova and Thanjavur poli are still attracting many a food lovers. He also stressed the need for re-inventing the fading food traditions of Kumbakonam, Kongu region, Nanjilnadu, Pandinadu and Chettinadu.Chef K Harish of Sheraton Park Hotel in Chennai spoke of Puducherry's rich tradition of heritage food. They include mouth watering varieties of green chillies chicken alias pachaimulaku assad, kothina curry poriyal (fricassee lamb mince), meenpoya bisse (fish bouillabaisse) and vadoumai kurma (vegetable kuruma with almonds).Chef M A Rashid of Taj Malabar in Kochi introduced Kerala's traditional food items like mambazha pachadi, ney payasam, meen pathiri, kozhi nirachathu, muttamala, tharavu roast, and kumbil appam. According to him, the most popular food varieties of Kerala are classified as Travancore (predominantly vegetarian Hindu cuisine), Syrian Christian (traditional non-vegetarian cuisine of Travancore and central Kerala), and the Moplah cuisine (traditional foods of northern Kerala which reveal the influence of Arabic and Mughal influence).Giving a special address at the seminar, famous writer Nanjil Nadan said he has started the preparations to write a book on India's traditional foods. He said the book would soon be completed and would be based on his travel across the country to taste the cuisines of different regions. The tastes of the country are fast vanishing because of the advent of mixers and grinders, said Nadan. Before the mechanisation, dosa and idli at different houses had different tastes. Now, we are forced to compromise with a common taste, he said.Former chief election commissioner J M Lyngdoh was the chief guest on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070956", "title": "Adhikar Rally live on Net", "text": "PATNA: The JD-U's much hyped Adhikar Rally here on Sunday can be viewed worldwide through Internet. Arrangements have been made to webcast the rally by taking advantage of the latest technology.A group of tech-savvy people from Pune and Delhi have developed a website for the live webcast of the rally. People sitting in London, Washington, Dubai or any other place in the world can watch the rally and listen to the speech of CM Nitish Kumar by a click of mouse and connecting to biharadhikarrally.com.The rally will be available live on this website from 11am till the conclusion of Nitish's speech, said JD-U leader Sanjay Jha , a close confidant of the CM, who is also involved in the project. \"This is the first time that a political rally will be available live on the Internet, thanks to hi-tech facilities,\" Jha said. \"The rally has evoked immense interest among Biharis living in different parts of the globe and for their benefit, we have made this arrangement,\" he added.That apart, 22 LED screens of 10x8 feet will be installed at different points of Gandhi Maidan for public viewing. With this, people from any corner of the maidan will be able to watch the proceedings and see and hear the leaders on the dais. A hi-tech public address system has been put in place, with a series of loudspeakers installed till the last point on the sprawling maidan.Rally organizers are expecting an unprecedented crowd on Sunday. They anticipate that all the rallyists would not be able to enter the maidan and the crowd would spill out on the roads leading to the venue. The public address system is being installed in this light, said Jha. CM Nitish Kumar is personally monitoring all these arrangements and does not want anything amiss in his first-ever rally since he came to power in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069097", "title": "Smog leaves Delhi gasping for breath", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the last couple of days, Greater Kailash resident, Esha Verma, has been staying indoors during the evenings. It's not the nip in the air she's worried about. Verma, an asthma patient, prefers not to step out because she fears the smog will aggravate her breathing problem.The blanket of smog that has enveloped the city has sent the number of respiratory tract infections, and cases of asthma and wheezing spiralling. There's been a spurt in cases of chronic bronchitis and depression too, say doctors. Infants and the elderly are the worst affected.\"Smog and high levels of pollutants in the air are suffocating, particularly for asthma patients who have hyperactive airways. The risk of asthma attacks goes up due to inflammation of the inner lining of the respiratory tract, caused by particulate matter,\" said Dr Aroop Basu, head of the department chest medicine at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital. He said the hospital is witnessing an increased number of patients, particularly the elderly, with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).\"Wheezing, dry cough and difficulty in breathing are the most common health problems such weather conditions pose to the elderly. We are getting many patients who are not able to walk inside their houses because they have trouble breathing. They are advised to rest and eat healthy,\" said Basu.According to Dr Ashok Seth, chairman, cardiovascular sciences at Fortis Escorts Hospital, the risk of heart attacks due to constriction of blood vessels and reduced oxygenation increases in winter, particularly in the presence of smog. \"Such patients are advised to take regular medication and limit outdoor activities,\" he said.Headaches, mood swings and depression are some other ailments caused by high pollution levels and a dip in temperature, says Dr Sameer Malhotra, head of the department of mental health and behavioural sciences, Max hospital, Saket. As smog decreases the lungs' working capacity, even healthy adults are complaining of tiredness. According to Dr Anoop Misra, director and head, department of diabetes and metabolic diseases at Fortis hospitals , weak lung function also increases the risk of viral infections like flu. \"Flu and pneumonia vaccination is a must for the elderly ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17070774", "title": "Wildlife awareness drive flagged off", "text": "NASHIK: The forest department has begun an awareness campaign on wildlife, particularly leopards, in villages where the animal is frequently seen. The campaign has come about against the backdrop of the recent spate of incidents when a leopard killed and injured people in villages in neighbouring Ahmednagar district.The forest department has prepared a list of do's and don'ts for villagers. These include keeping a watch on children, avoiding sleeping in the open, having company when going to attend nature's call. Chief conservator of fortests (territorial), Nashik, G Saiprakash said the campaign was being carried out in both districts because of the sugarcane fields in both areas, that are frequented by leopards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070497", "title": "Car loan mela today", "text": "RANCHI: A two-day car loan mela will be organized at the zonal office campus of the State Bank of India from Saturday. The bank has decided to reduce the loan processing fee by 50% and as per revised rates equated monthly instalments (EMIs) have been calculated at Rs1, 686 per lakh of the loan amount. \"Customers can come to the loan mela with salary slip for October, salary account statement or original passbook, proof of residence and PAN card as one of the identity proof along with certificates of IT Return for the past two years,\" SBI DGM (Ranchi) Praveena Kala said stressing that if the documents are found valid, loan letter would be issued at the spot. The bank this time has also made efforts to popularize gold loan.Kala said gold losans are common in south Indian states but it could be of great use to small time traders even in states like Jharkhand.\"During festive season there are traders who desire to pursue seasonal business but run short of capital and in that case they can deposit gold ornaments and take loan over the estimated value of gold,\" she said.While the SBI branches would accept gold ornaments in all its branches the centralised testing facility for gold value of ornaments is available with the central Ranchi office. \"After carrying out the test amount of loan to be sanctioned onthe ornaments would decided and charged at the rate of 13% interest,\" she said.One of the SBI officials said that traders often take money from money lenders in the market at the rateof 5% monthly interest to pursue their seasonal business. \"SBI is offering a cheap rate of interest to encourage more and more people to unravel the value of gold and gold ornaments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069512", "title": "Deal sealed, wait begins for Kalyan's return to BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former UP chief minister and Jan Kranti Party leader Kalyan Singh is set to return to the Bharatiya Janata Party on his terms and as the national vice-president, the same post which he held at the time of leaving BJP in 2009. This means that Kalyan will play a bigger role in rebuilding the saffron brigade before 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Talking to TOI, his close aide and a few party insiders said that among the bargains made Kalyan's son and JKP chief Rajveer Singh will be given a post in the state BJP and party ticket for Lok Sabha elections. Kalyan has also bagged a pie for JKP leaders with the BJP heeding to demand to accommodate them as per their stature, the aide said.He added that the date of Kalyan's reunion with the party will be decided by BJP national chief Nitin Gadkari , Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Misra and Lalji Tandon in New Delhi. Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi may also attend the meeting.Kalyan's return and merger of JKP with BJP will be held at a grand function in Lucknow, sources in BJP said.Elaborating on the four-point revival formula for BJP, Kalyan's aides said he has asked for one face and one voice within the state BJP, apparently to check different power centres in the state unit. Kalyan has also advocated social justice within the party's rank and file, meaning equal recognition to leaders from all regions, castes and communities.In a bid to rebuild the party, the former UP CM has asked BJP leaders to pick winnable and reliable candidates for Lok Sabha elections. To recall, Singh had made an exit from the BJP during 2009 Lok Sabha elections after his demand to change Ashok Pradhan as candidate from Bulandshahr was turned down. Kalyan's camp had claimed that Pradhan was responsible for the defeat of his son Rajveer Singh from Debai assembly constituency in 2007. Though Kalyan was declared BJP's Lok Sabha candidate from Etah, he contested as an Independent after quitting the party and won.But in the past three years, the close aide said, equations have changed and both BJP leaders and Kalyan Singh need each other. This was the reason that BJP MP Lalji Tandon was the first to approach Kalyan Singh in August, sources in BJP said. Later, senior leaders Kalraj Mishra and Rajnath Singh also met Kayan and convinced him to join the BJP ranks, sources said.With all conditions regarding the UP CM's return to the saffron brigade decided, only a formal date is to be decided, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068823", "title": "Workshop begins at Bhopal School of Social Sciences", "text": "BHOPAL: University Grants Commission (UGC) sponsored two-day national workshop on 'emerging technologies in computer science (ETCS)-2012' began at the department of computer applications of Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) on Friday.Radharaman Group of institutions director Dr JL Rana, principal, BSSS, Fr Joseph PP and vice principal BSSS, Dr SR Jonsy Mathew inaugurated the workshop.According to organisers, the objective of workshop is to provide research and facilities to enhance the potential of the students in the field of information technology. There were three technical sessions on cloud computing , research challenges in IT and soft skills which were conducted by eminent personalities from the field of IT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070913", "title": "Career counselling held at St Xavier's High School", "text": "PATNA: More than 300 students of Class IX in St Xavier's High School took career tips from experts at a career counselling workshop organized by St. Xavier's Alumni Association (SXAA) on the campus on Friday.DGP Abhayanand, a former Xaverian, discussed the pros and cons of engineering sector, Justice Samrendra Pratap Singh of Patna high court deliberated on different aspects of judiciary. Former ECR GM Barun Bharthuar and orthopaedic Dr Amulya Kumar Singh were also present on the occasion.The annual reunion of SXAA this year would be held on St. Xavier's School campus on December 22. The Association boasts of being one of the oldest school alumni associations in the country. Every year, the association honours distinguished alumni with the 'Distinguished Xaverian' award. This year the award will be presented to Dr Mehmood Hai (1962 batch), Arif Hasan (1962 batch) and Rajeev Ranjan (1944 batch).The 'Significant Achievement Award' would be presented to Barun Bhartuar, Manish Malhotra and Siddharth Choudhary. The secretary also informed that it will not be an evening of mere formalities but will also include a cultural musical evening and dinner for the alumni and their families. The Association also plans to hold more career counselling sessions over the next few months.The moderator of the Association, Fr. Ignatius Abraham, Fr. George Nedumattam, Fr Daniel, Yogendra Dubey, Neel Mani Rangesh and Dr Ashutosh Kumar were also present on the occasion. .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070542", "title": "Mao lessons must in Red area schools", "text": "RANCHI: Having faced criticism from villagers for attacking schools and depriving children of education, Maoists have now started operating their own schools or supporting villagers to run schools in huts. Apart from imparting English education, these schools also teach communism.On Bihar-Jharkhand border: Are schools in the red bastion of Bihar-Jharkhand and Chhattigarh teaching ideologies of Mao-Zedong? This could be true to an extent because those engaged in the rebellion, of late have realised that they cannot simply blow off school buildings and deprive children of education.In what could be described as hitting multiple targets Maoists are offering support to the villagers to run schools on their own and in return want a few lessons of the Red book included in the curriculum. The inclusion at times is not in the form of books or chapters but in the form of inspirational monologues from teachers.These schools in remote areas ringed by forests and hills, are often conducted in thatched huts and are targeted by security forces. Arresting the \"master saab\" or even burning these one-room-schools by security forces is common in these villages. These attacks indirectly serve the purpose of revolutionaries who claim before villagers that government schools are used as security camps on one hand and on the other if they are trying to manage schools on their own, they are burnt down by the \"reactionary forces\".A spokesperson of the Bihar-Jharkhand North Chhattisgarh frontier regional committee, Manas, said in October 2008 security forces set fire to a school operated by the Krantikari Kisan Committee in Dhakpahri village under Madanpur police station of Aurangabad district.\"We have been trying to impart education to the children in these villages but the security forces target these schools and the teachers as well,\" he said.A similar incident was reported from the Saranda forests where villagers had set up a school by collecting funds in Jambaiburu village. Schoolmaster Patras Nag is the most qualified citizen in the area (he did not even manage to pass the intermediate exam).Though villagers claim the school has no support of the red brigade, the police picked up the master the day he bought a second hand motorbike accusing him of taking money from the Maoists. \"We told the policemen that he had bought the motorbike after selling a few goats that he had but the police were not ready to listen,\" said Tupra Surin, a villager.Maoists have attacked and blown off Barha Middle School under Dumaria Panchayat in of Gaya district several times claiming that the brick-mortar school served as a camp for security forces. The acting principal of the school, Suresh Kumar , was arrested by the police on charges of being involved in Maoist activities and he has recently returned after serving a four-year jail term.\"Less than 200 students attend the school out of 680 on the roll because nobody knows when security forces would come to camp here and classes would be called off,\" said Kumar.Villagers agree that if the government is serious about providing education they should send teachers to the villages instead of making buildings. \"We are happy with our small school if it is not damaged by Maoists and targeted by security forces,\" said Asgar Imam Ahmed of Bhaisa Dohar village, known to be under the grip of Maoists.(This is the second of the four-part series on the Maoist insurgency on the Jharkhand-Bihar border and how it affects those living in the region)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068824", "title": "Main accused in cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder held", "text": "NEW DELHI: The main accused involved in the murder of constable Naresh Kumar in May has been arrested by the crime branch. The accused, Shakir (27), is a resident of Dhaula in Faridabad and had a reward of Rs 1 lakh on him. He is also the elder brother of the main accused in the Dhaula Kuan gang rape case, Shahid.According to DCP (crime) SBS Tyagi, a tip-off was received that Shakir would come to Matka Peer Dargah near Pragati Maidan at 4am to meet an accomplice. A trap was laid and the accused was nabbed. \"The gang would primarily steal cattle and Shakir headed the gang. Eight others worked under Shakeel and he would pay them Rs 1,000 for stealing between 8-10 cows in a night. The 'stock' was then sold off for around Rs 40,000-50,000,\" said additional DCP Bhism Singh.ACP Udaiveer Rathi's team came to know that the accused had purchased one Tata 407 and had modified the vehicle to help load cattle. \"Heavy iron girders were fitted to pound any intercepting police vehicle. They would also keep heavy stones in the vehicle and, in case of any chase, the gang would pelt stones.\"There have been instances when they had thrown cattle from their vehicle on police vehicles during a chase. The gang entered the capital during night in search of stray cattle. Around 10-15 of the gang members carry weapons with them and do not hesitate to kill officers to ensure their escape,'' added DCP Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070352", "title": "LPG cap may be raised to 9 subsidized cylinders per household", "text": "New Delhi: The annual cap on the number of subsidized cooking gas cylinders per household is likely to be raised from six to nine - if not completely scrapped - after the poll code gets over with Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat elections, sources in state-run fuel retailing companies said.Widespread consumer complaints over the ongoing customer verification - KYC or know-your-customer - drive as well as pressure from within the Congress and opposition parties appear to have prompted a relook. Though nothing has been put on paper yet, oil minister M Veerappa Moily himself gave an indication that the government was not fixated on the cap and was sensitive to aam aadmi's travails.\"They (state-run fuel retailers) have gone by some arithmetic that on an average six cylinders are enough (for a household). This is arithmetic, (but) there is also a chemistry, which they have not done,\" news agencies quoted Moily as saying in Bangalore on Friday. Though the cap was decided by the Cabinet, Moily said the fuel retailers were free to raise the cap.But it may be difficult for the fuel retailers to do. If oil companies raise the cap on their own - obviously under verbal diktat from the parent ministry - they may have to bear the loss since the finance ministry would not give them the subsidy amount on additional cylinders supplied at government rate beyond the six-cylinder cap. This would run foul of independent directors on company boards and the federal auditor for causing loss to company.Indeed, a senior oil ministry official said any decision on changing the cap would have to be taken by the \"government as a whole\". \"The decision was taken by the government... The prime minster and finance minister were involved (in the decision). So the oil ministry may not be able to make any change on its own. The matter has to be taken to the Cabinet.\"\"We have received complaints regarding the problems being faced by consumers from various quarters. It is a fact that the plan has put consumers to a great deal of hardships. But any raising of cap officially or even scrapping it would ultimately depend on the stand taken by the FM and PM,\" he said.That the government is losing nerve on the issue was amply evident when it blocked a hike in the price of non-subsidised cooking gas on Thursday. On Friday, Congress spokesman P C Chacko reinforced this by saying the government would review the policy at the first possible opportunity.\"We said the reduction of subsidised cylinders would burden the common man. So our party president Sonia Gandhi wrote to the party's chief ministers that the cap on subsidised cylinders should be higher. But we understand that government's hands were tied, it was facing a fiscal crisis and oil companies would have collapsed. It would have led to fuel rationing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070477", "title": "Survey finds poor industry-engineering institute linkage", "text": "New Delhi: The maiden mapping of industry linkages with engineering institutes has spelt bad news with barely 19% of the total 156 engineering institutes surveyed emerging on top of their game. About 63% institutes had moderate linkages, while 18% were rated poor in parameters ranging from inclusion of industry representatives in the management of the institute, curriculum, faculty, infrastructure, placements and social development.The survey has been conducted by CII and All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). Institutes scored an average score of 30.9. AICTE chairman S S Mantha said that the regulatory body would consider making changes in its accreditation requirements following the survey's analysis. \"So far institutes have concentrated only on getting industry participation in job placements or final year projects. We hope this will encourage industry collaboration in other aspects like curriculum and governance,'' he said.\"This is the first ever attempt to encourage a local eco-system by which industry representatives and educational institutes work together to improve the quality of education,\" added P Rajendran, CII national higher education committee chairman.A disappointing factor was the low participation of institutes. Only 156 of the total 1,070 or 14.6% of the institutes that had completed 10 years of functioning participated.The survey was based on a voluntary participation open to all engineering institutes that had completed 10 years as on 31 August, and offered at least three out of shortlisted six streams of engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073325", "title": "Settai to hit screens in January", "text": "Settai starring Arya, Anjali, Santhanam, Hansika and Naser, remake of super Hit hindi film Delhi Belly is expected to be ready soon as 75% of the shooting has been completed.The film is nearing completion and is likely to hit the screens during the month of January.Dhananjayan who is the South Indian Business Head of UTV Motion Pictures said, \"The shooting of Settai Itook place in Mumbai continuously for two weeks. Because of the cooperation of all the actors we were able to complete 75% of the shooting.S.S. Thaman has been roped in to compose the music for the film, which has six songs, out of which five will be feature in the movie.He also added \"The whole shooting will be completed if the shooting takes place for 20 days continuously. The audio CD of Settai will be released during the month of December. Music composer Taman has to complete two more songs. I hope that he will complete it fast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17069208", "title": "Kanpura village connects with Prez via video conferencing", "text": "AJMER: It was celebration time on Friday in the remote village of Kanpura here when President Pranab Mukherjee connected with the villagers through video conferencing to know about the facilities provided to them. Kanpura is the first village in the country to be connected through rural broadband service.Dozens of villagers waited for the screen in the gram sabha to be connected with the Rashtrapati Bhavan. As soon as the connection was made Sam Pitroda, adviser to the Prime Minister, greeted the villagers and asked the sarpanch to brief them about the facilities that the village is getting through this technology. Sarpanch Jagdish Berwa briefed Rashtrapati Bhavan about the e-panchayat system in the village.\"The internet facility has helped the village connect with the world. The highest benefit is for school-going children and farmers. It has become very easy for farmers to get information related to their land and prices of grains in different markets\" said Berwa. He added, \"I also told them about the facility of telemedicine that the village is getting since last year. If anyone falls ill here we are able to consult online.\"It was a great moment for all those present in Kanpura gram sabha when the President came on the screen. Kapil Sibal, Union minster for telecom, was also present and said that around 25,000 villages in the country are connected with optical fiber IT system in which Rs 20,000 crore have been invested.Kanpura is the first village to be connected via this technology.Last year during US President Barack Obama's visit to India, Kanpura villagers had connected with him in Mumbai through video conferencing. It was because of Sachin Pilot's initiation that this remote village could be connected with the world.According to the villagers, Kanpura is in the distant part of Shrinager block of Ajmer and there are hardly one or two buses that ply from here daily. \"For everything, from medicine to filing papers, we had to waste all day to go to the district head office of Ajmer, but now things have changed a lot,\" said a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17071112", "title": "'China's economic rise not a threat to others'", "text": "KOTTAYAM: China is unlikely to play the role of a superpower in global affairs, said Prof Alka Acharya, director, Institute of Chinese Studies (ICS), New Delhi here on Friday.She was speaking at a three-day international conference on \"The Rise of China: Policy Parameters and Prospects\", organized by the Institute for Contemporary Chinese Studies (ICCS), Mahatma Gandhi University in association with the Indian Council for World Affairs, Association of Asia Scholars and ICS, New Delhi.Though many people consider the 'rise' of China as 'disruptive' and 'destabilizing', in reality it is only in economic terms. It is true that China's rank in global economy has gone up amazingly, from the tenth position a decade ago to the second position today. However, its gross domestic product ( GDP ) is unbelievably low and this enables the United States to still dictate terms in international relations, she said.Srikanth Kondapalli, professor of Chinese studies at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), said that a cross-section of China's officials, party intellectuals, scholars and journalists shared \"a view that their country was poised to 'rise', but that 'rise' would mainly be 'peaceful', unlike in the case of Germany or Japan in the 1930s.\"Former ambassador K P Fabian, visiting diplomat of the K P S Menon Chair, said China's rising military expenditure was a cause of concern for its neighbours as well as the US and Russia .President Obama's decision to reduce American military presence in west Asia and to increase it in east Asia should be seen in this background, he averred.Speaking on China's emerging interest in central Asia, Dr Angira Sen Sarma, research fellow, Indian Council for World Affairs, said Beijing's main interests in the region was \"its rich energy resources and to prevent the Uyghur cause from gaining support from central Asian countries.\"Dr Sarma observed that three of the five central Asian countries were rich in hydrocarbon reserves, which \"makes energy an important aspect of China's engagement with the region.\"The region is also geo-politically and geo-strategically important for China, particularly as it borders that country's Xinjiang province.\"Economic development of the Xinjiang province, which is part of the Chinese programme to control the unrest in the region, has made central Asia strategically significant for China,\" Dr Sarma added.According to Dr G V C Naidu, professor of international studies, JNU, southeast Asia has been \"most profoundly affected by the rise of China.\"\"Thanks to its unprecedented rise as an economic power, for most countries in southeast Asia, China is the largest trading partner and mutual investments are growing rapidly even as economic opportunities increase immensely.\"The three-day conference will conclude on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069513", "title": "Families mourn young sailors from Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The worst fears of the family members of Rushabh Jadhav (22) and Raj Khamitkar (22) came true when news came that the two were among the four missing sailors whose bodies washed ashore on Friday.On Wednesday, the two had gone missing when their lifeboat capsized off the Chennai coast as they tried to leave the oil tanker, MT Pratibha Cauvery, which ran aground due to Cyclone Nilam. A total of five sailors had gone missing and another was brought dead to the shore by rescue workers.While Raj's family is from Kurla (W), Rushabh\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho is originally from Belgaum in Karnataka\u00e2\u20ac\u201dused to live with his uncle Sharad Jadhav in Bandra-Kurla Complex.The deaths have left the two families shattered. \"Now, I can visualize my life and professional goals,\" Rushabh had told his elder brother, Kshitij, before proceeding for training as deck officer one and a half months ago.The family members had earlier told TOI from Chennai that their hopes were fast diminishing as the youths had been missing in the sea for a long time. \"Their bodies have been recovered today and are being handed over to us,\" said Namrata, Raj's mother, confirming the deaths.\"Rushabh was very happy that he finally got the much-needed internship,\" recalled Kshitij.While Rushabh completed his diploma in engineering recently, Raj did a certificate course in deck cadet training before leaving for the training. \"Raj was our big hope,\" said Namrata.The family members said the tragedy could have been averted had the authorities taken prompt action. \"We have waited for a long time to get possession of the bodies in the absence of proper communication,\" Raj's mother said. Kshitij said he was in a state of shock and claimed that there was no officer present at the spot to communicate with the families of the missing sailors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069452", "title": "1km buffer zone for 4 wildlife national park, sanctuaries", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government on Friday filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court resolving to have a one kilometre buffer zone around four wildlife sanctuaries and one national park.The buffer zone for the Salim Ali bird sanctuary and Bondla will be little more than 100m.The state government has also stated that no new mines would be allowed in this zone and that they would be closed down in a phased manner over a period of time.A government official said this is in keeping with the state cabinet decision on a buffer zone.Recently, the centrally empowered committee appointed by the apex court recommended an eco-sensitive zone (ESZ) of maximum two km for the bigger wildlife sanctuaries of over 500 sq km and 100m for the smallest.The Goa government has accepted the CEC recommendations, which would mean Goa's wildlife sanctuaries would get a ESZ of two km for contiguous sanctuaries.As the central government also filed an affidavit in the case, the 'amicus curie' sought for more time to study the issue. The advocate general of Goa A N S Nadkarni who drafted the state affidavit said the matter is adjourned for November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17071434", "title": "Bravehearts rescue five from burning building", "text": "BANGALORE: Two women and three children from an Indiranagar family were rescued on Friday from a burning building by alert neighbours . Among the rescued was an eightmonth-old toddler. Around 3.15pm, a worker at Rishi medical shop off CMH Road noticed flames leaping out of a house located across the road. The house was on the second floor of a three-storey building, which had a retail chain shop on the ground floor and a vacant office space on the first.The druggist, who didn't want to be named, rushed out of his shop, screaming \"fire, fire\" . The fire reportedly started on the first floor and spread to the second.As per the call records of the fire department, Pradeep , a passerby, made a call around 3.25pm. \"I saw the fire and learnt about some people trapped in the house. I called 101,\" Pradeep, who identified himself as a businessman and declined to reveal his second name, told TOI over phone.The fire sent a thick black smoke into the sky. The druggist and passersby feared for those stuck in the smoke-filled house. With stones, they broke the building's glass facade and let the smoke out. The two women and three children, meanwhile , ran up to the terrace.With the help of a ladder that was put across to the next building, the women passed on their kids to bravehearts , and they rushed down the stairs to safety.A sub-inspector of police from the Indiranagar station patrolling the area rushed to the building on fire and drew up a rescue plan. Two women and three children trapped in the burning house were rescued in the nick of time. As part of the rescue plan, G Y Giriraj, sub-inspector , and seven others went to the terrace of the adjacent Clinical Research Institute of India building.They placed a wooden ladder across the 10-foot-wide gap between the two buildings.Among the rescuers were Kailash Mondol and Vinodh, security guards of former JD(S) MLA NR Suryanarayana Reddy. The duo was staying at New Shanti Sagar Lodge opposite the building on fire.Said Vinodh: \"We, too, went up to the terrace. A do-gooder provided a ladder. The trapped women handed over the kids to us and they rushed down the stairs to safety.\"The two women and three children were treated for minor injuries at a hospital. The two women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kusum, and Kesar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were daughters-in-law of Mahaveer Chand, the head of the family and building owner. The three children are Chand's grandchildren.The fire was noticed around 3.15pm. Initially, smoke started coming out of the first floor of the building and people started shouting. Those who were inside the Reliance Fresh store came out. When the public started breaking windows, flames leapt out of the building. Some men then went up to the terrace of the adjacent building and rescued children trapped in the top-floor house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17073786", "title": "Leopard which killed two-year-old girl caught", "text": "RAJKOT: The forest department in Kodinar has caged the leopard that killed two-year-old girl in Kadvasan village in Kodinar taluka of Junagadh district on Friday evening.According to sources, the incident occurred in Kadvasan village at around 8 pm on Friday evening when two -year-old girl identified as Sanjana Vala was playing outside her residence and Leopard took her away and killed her. Sources said that her dead body was found 200 meter away from her residence. As soon as the incident occurred, villagers gathered where the girl was killed by leopard. The leopard, in fact, injured another girl but she was saved as local residents gathered at the spot and Leopard left the girl and escaped from the spot. Injured girl was rushed to hospital in Kodinar and is stated to be out of danger.Forest department officials said that they had placed cages around the area from where the incident occurred and they caged the wild cat on Saturday early morning. According to wildlife activists, the incidents of human-wildlife conflicts have increased over since the population of leopards has increased. Sources say that more than 12 people have been killed by wild animals in Amreli and Junagadh district during the last 14 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17070153", "title": "Loving husbands and proud dads, men are happiest at 37", "text": "LONDON: Men reach the peak of happiness at age 37 when they have climbed the career ladder and started a family, according to a new study.Thirty-seven is the age by which most men are settled in a happy relationship and have formed a close circle of friends with which to socialise, according to a study by a UK menswear brand.The dreaded 'mid-life crisis' is still a decade away and their troubled angst-ridden teens are a fading memory, the Daily Mail reported.Becoming a father is particularly rewarding with a beaming 43% of men saying that becoming a parent was one of the happiest days of their life, the study found.It was followed by getting married, with 35% rating it as one of their top three happiest moments in life, and seeing their favourite football team win the league (18%). Other memorable happy moments include buying a house (17%) or car (7%), proposing to a partner (13%), and graduating from university (9%).Experts say these are all milestones men are likely to have passed by the age of 37 and could explain why it is the 'age of happiness'. Phillip Hodson, fellow of the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy, said men of 37 typically benefit from health and life experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070452", "title": "Maharashtra urged to fight dengue", "text": "MUMBAI: With dengue turning into a dreaded disease in the city, a local NGO has moved the Bombay high court with a PIL calling for urgent state action to curb the mosquito-caused menace. So far the city has seen an all-time high of 725 dengue cases with four deaths.The NGO Help Mumbai Foundation filed the PIL on Friday asking the state and civic authorities to produce records of a five- point plan to control dengue and also to \"collect data from private and public hospitals to determine the exact number of dengue-affected citizens''. The PIL, which would come up for hearing soon, wants the state to include dengue as a notifiable disease and to consider the report of international organizations on public health to control the spread of the disease.The PIL has sought directions from the court for ordering the BMC and the state to \"immediately form an inter-agency dengue task force to monitor and implement the dengue control programme'' and to take the \"assistance of NGOs to kick-start a dedicated mosquito control programme.''NGO director Varuna Khanna as co-petitioner wants the BMC to carry out pre-emptive intensive source reduction exercises to reduce the source of dengue mosquitoes ahead of the warmer months to pre-empt the rise in dengue fever cases, which usually occurs around June to October. The petitioners submitted that the actual number of citizens affected by dengue in Mumbai is much higher and alarming and that the BMC is suppressing the actual figure of dengue-affected citizens in Mumbai. It is also submitted that since dengue is not a notifiable disease, it is not mandatory on the private hospitals, clinics, pathology laboratories, nursing homes to notify/report the dengue cases handled by them. Therefore what happened in the private health sector is known only to the extent that some of the tracked cases were quarantined and treated in private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070864", "title": "Will Bihar State Electricity Board's rejig pay off?", "text": "PATNA: The state government is worried about the chances of financial improvement in the working of the erstwhile Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB), now divided into five different companies with the objective of making them independent profit centres.Recent trends provide a very dismal picture about the chances of the companies to become profitmaking ones. Inquiries show that in 2006-07, the state government's annual subsidy to the BSEB was around Rs 448 crore. Instead of improvement in the situation, the government's contribution to the BSEB rose to Rs 2,500 crore in 2011-12. \"We will be giving an additional amount of Rs 1000 crore to the erstwhile BSEB by the end of this year,\" said Rameshwar Singh, principal secretary, finance.\"Subsidy is not meant to be a lifelong support. It is a temporary measure to improve the financial health of the companies within a time frame,\" said an official. \"If the current trend continues, the situation would be alarming for the financial health of the government,\" said a senior official of the energy department.\"The payment of additional subsidy would badly hit the existing plan size of the state government. The plan size would be automatically decreased if the trend of ballooning deficit and subsidy is not checked soon,\" said an official.Inquiries showed that way back in 2001-02, the transmission and distribution (T&D;) losses of the BSEB was around 39%. The subsidy is mainly given to cover this loss. In contrast, during 2010-11, T&D; losses went up to 41% instead of showing a fall.Power Finance Corporation , the main consultant for BSEB's restructuring, has claimed that the government would be able to reduce its subsidy over the next five years by making the newly-formed companies profitable ventures. But Bihar government officials are not ready to buy this theory. \"If these companies are not able to become profitable in a year's time, then we have to rethink the situation,\" said a senior official.Besides, the government has to cough up around Rs 4,500 crore for the payment of retiral benefits, arrears and other liabilities. \"We have decided to make payment in a phased manner,\" Singh told TOI.The newly-formed distribution companies have to make scientific fiscal management to increase revenue collection in order to put themselves on the track. Power theft has to be checked at any cost, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17070163", "title": "Mining banned, but department blind to quarrying in Satluj Yamuna Link", "text": "PATIALA: Despite a ban on illegal mining of sand by Punjab and Haryana high court, quarrying continues unabated in the bed of Satluj Yamuna Link (SYL) canal, near Punjab-Haryana border, under Ghanaur constituency of Patiala district.The mining department has failed to prevent it despite knowing about the illegal activity.As per information, members of sand mafia in alleged connivance with some politicians have been quarrying in a 1km area of SYL canal, near Bathaunia village.At many places, the excavated bed is visible even from a distance. At other spots, the excavation has badly damaged the embankment of the canal.Karnail Singh, a farmer working near the canal said, ''Digging has been going on for many weeks and everyone in our area as well as officers are aware of it. Sand is being sold openly and transported in tractor trolleys and trucks. It's strange that the mining department officers are claiming to have no knowledge about it.''Some other villagers alleged that members of the mafia are not only selling sand in Patiala, but many trucks are being sent to Haryana via the Rajgarh and Tipla route as there are no checks on the Punjab-Haryana border.Others voiced suspicion about the involvement of SYL staff in illegal quarrying.District mining officer Harjinder Pannu said, \"We have found signs of mining at some spots in SYL canal and are inspecting the area. I have directed my officers to be more vigilant and stop the racket. We have also informed the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17071359", "title": "Haldia Port Trust\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcvested interest\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 barb at KoPT, government", "text": "KOLKATA: The cargo-handling company that has announced its decision to walk out of Bengal has alleged \"vested interests\" at play in Haldia port \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a parting message that the Mamata Banerjee government can't afford to ignore as fingers have been pointed not only at the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) but also the East Midnapore district administration.Gurpreet Malhi, CEO of Haldia Bulk Terminals, which is jointly promoted by ABG group of India and French logistics company LDA, has also taken exception to the KoPT \"threat\" to block its equipment and machinery . Calling it \"illegal\" , Malhi said the threat was tantamount to \"theft\" . The company is preparing a claim statement that it will submit to the KoPT, asking for damages similar to what the port trust plans to slap on the company . \"Kolkata Port has repeatedly defaulted in terms of their obligations under the agreement, the PPP policy of the Government of India, the Major Port Trust Act, and United Nations' International Ship and Port Security Code. As a result, serious and severe losses have been caused to HBT,\" Malhi said.In a point-by-point rebuttal of the KoPT's charges, Malhi, in a press statement on Friday, said, \"Kolkata Port's repeated failure to allocate us more cargo and ever worsening law and order compelled us to wa lk out of Haldia.\" The HBT CEO refuted KoPT's argument that law and order at the Haldia Dock Complex started deteriorating after the company sacked 275 of its workmen. \"Law and order problems existed even before the retrenchment. The district administration failed to prevent retrenched workers from disrupting activities at berths 2 and 8 despite the high court directive,\" Malhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17071180", "title": "Panchayat member held for Red links", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A panchayat samiti member and three others were arrested for alleged Maoist activities by Balangir district police on Friday.Police identified the accused as Ram Singh Bariha, a panchayat samiti member in Turekela block, and his two sons, Debraj and Ganesh. The fourth, Tulsiram Jagat, was a social worker in Khaprakhol block. Police said Bariha was a member of a mainstream political party, but refused to divulge details.\"The four were involved in extorting money from local contractors and businessmen to raise funds for the Maoists. We have seized Rs 1.5 lakh from them,\" said DIG (northern range) Sanjay Kumar. \"They also ran a frontal Maoist organization called Janabadi Sangharsh Samiti. It was involved in luring local youths to join the Red rebels,\" the DIG added.Kumar said the accused had also built a successful network among local villagers to provide logistical support to Maoists. \"They gained the confidence of villagers by projecting themselves as their saviour. This had helped them to build a strong network in the area. Their arrest will effectively put an end to this network,\" he said.In another development, Maoist posters have flooded several villages in Nuapada district. Police said the posters were put up by fugitive rebel leader Sabyasachi Panda alias Sunil, urging villagers not to support Telugu Maoists. The posters alleged that Telugu cadres were exploiting Odia villagers. Every poster was signed by Sunil of Odisha Maobadi Party.\"This sudden poster campaign is a strategy by Panda to spread his tentacles in Nuapada district, where cadres from Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh hold sway,\" said a senior police officer involved in anti-Maoist operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17071197", "title": "Man attacked by non-dalits, dies", "text": "MADURAI: A 68-year-old dalit attacked by a non-dalit mob at Virudhunagar on October 30 soon after the murder of three people in Ramanathapuram, succumbed to injuries at the government hospital in Madurai on Friday.The deceased, along with six others, was injured in the attack by the armed gang. \"We have arrested five persons in connection with the attack at Tiruchuli. We are on the lookout for other accused,\" said a police officer. Though the death spread unease in certain pockets of Virudhunagar, semblance of normalcy returned to the district as bus services resumed to various places after three days.But in Ramanathapuram, normalcy is yet to return as a bandh was called for by a caste outfit in Paramakudi condemning the murder of three persons. Shops, trade establishments and educational institutions remained shut for the fourth day. While buses to Paramakudi and several other sensitive villages were not operated, long distance buses connecting Ramanathapuram with cities like Madurai were operated. Police said that no untoward incidents were reported during the day.The police had also denied permission for the bandh called by the Mukkulathor Kuttamaippu. Early in the day, two functionaries of the outfit were taken into preventive custody. Members of the outfit attempted to take a protest rally condemning the arrest, but the police diffused the situation as a curfew was in place.In Virudhunagar, additional police force was deployed to prevent violence in the wake of the death of B Karuppan, 68, of Kulalikulam near Tiruchuli. On the night of October 30, an armed gang of about 45 men entered residential areas populated by dalits in Anaikulam and Kulalikulam and started ransacking the houses. They also attacked Karuppan, his son Ramar, 40, at Kulalikulam and Saravanan, 30, Muthumari, 25, Boomi, 26, Vadugan, 25 and Karuppaiah, 50, at Anaikulam.All the seven were rushed to Madurai and admitted in the Government Rajaji Hospital where Karuppan succumbed to the injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070403", "title": "Another swine flu death, toll rises to 28 since April", "text": "PUNE: A 25-year-old woman succumbed to swine flu infection on Thursday taking the city's H1N1 death toll to 28 since April.\"Archana Wadkar, of Askawadi village in Purandar taluka in Pune district, died of swine flu at Bharati Hospital at 2.45 pm on Thursday. She also had type I diabetes and was under treatment since childhood,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation. The woman developed flu-like symptoms from September 29. She had cough with fever that increased with chills and breathlessness.\"She did not consult a doctor on the first two days of developing the symptoms. After her condition worsened, she consulted a doctor at a private hospital in Bibvewadi. Her condition deteriorated following which she was put on ventilator support. After she tested positive for swine flu on October 4, she had to be shifted to Bharati Hospital, a designated H1N1 treatment centre, for higher ICU management,\" Pardeshi said.However, her condition worsened. She suffered kidney failure and was put on dialysis on October 27. She showed some improvement but her health deteriorated on Thursday and she died.Meanwhile, three more persons tested positive for swine flu on Friday. Their condition is stable and they are recovering, a health official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070606", "title": "Congress infiting robs Balmuchu of Cabinet berth", "text": "RANCHI: Everyone in the state, including BJP and the Congress leaders, was unhappy with the neglect of Jharkhand when not a single person from Jharkhand was inducted into the Union Cabinet in the recent reshuffle. Now, a few days later, the state Congress leaders are smiling accepting the wisdom of the party high command.Sources said the state went unrepresented in the Cabinet just to stop infighting in the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC). \"The main reason behind Pradeep Balmuchu losing a berth at the last moment was the fear of growing strife between the factions led by him and former Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay ,\" said a source. Only after the Congress high command got information from intelligence agencies and other sources that induction of Balmuchu in place of Sahay would further increase infighting and weaken the organization, his name was dropped, added the source.\"The high command was convinced that rewarding Balmuchu with a cabinet berth and that too when he has not successful to strengthen the party in Jharkhand despite an extended tenure of one year as JPCC chief would send a wrong message,\" said the source adding that his elevation would have further weakened the organization in Jharkhand. Balmuchu's one year extension will end on November 11. In the past five days, Balmuchu is making efforts to retain the JPCC chief's post.However, Sahay did not show eagerness for the top post in Jharkhand. \"I was planning to review the Congress at grassroots level for the past few months and the new reshuffling has given me a chance. Over the next one year, I will put all efforts to strengthen the party who ever be the president of JPCC. I will take the party to a new height in the next election and this is my promise to the workers and supporters of Jharkhand,\" said Sahay. He, however, declined to comment on the reason behind the state's non-representation in the Union cabinet.Alok Dubey, a senior member of the JPCC, admitted that one of the most important reasons behind non-induction of Balmuchu was to prevent internal bickering. \"We, too, accept that the party high command has taken a decision that will bring leaders from Jharkhand close to workers and even work for the organization,\" said Dubey.who along with some others has been regularly complaining to the party high command about neglect of workers at grassroots level by senior leaders of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17073007", "title": "Two held with narcotics worth Rs 3 crore at Hyderabad airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons were arrested at the international airport here after 10 kg of narcotic drug worth Rs 3 crore was allegedly found in their possession.The duo identified as Avinash and Rocky were taken into custody by customs officials after they were found carrying the drug in their baggage during a check-in when they arrived to board a Malaysian airline flight to Kuala Lumpur , late on Friday night.A senior Customs official said they have sent the seized substance for examination to the forensic lab to determine the type of the drug, which is estimated to be worth Rs 3 crore in the international market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17069410", "title": "This December, Playboy Club comes to Goa", "text": "FILE - In this Dec. 18, 2010 file India is set to get its first Playboy club in December 2012, with demurely dressed bunnies and a focus on glamour instead of sex. (AP Photo))CALANGUTE: Former Congress MLA of Calangute Agnelo Fernandes is in negotiations with Playboy Lifestyle, the Indian franchise owners, to set up the first Playboy Club in the country at Candolim.Barring any last-minute hiccups, the first Playboy Club in India plans to open in Candolim, by December.Responding to reports that the Playboy Beach Club, as it is being called, will be opening on Candolim beach, Fernandes confirmed to TOI on Friday that he is in negotiations with Playboy Lifestyle to have the club at his beachside property which had the F Beach Club last season and Club Fresh earlier.\"Nothing has been signed yet,\" Fernandes emphasized, adding that \"they're also negotiating with two-three other property owners\".The club, when it opens, is expected to be a slightly tame version of the original. Sanjay Gupta, CEO of PB Lifestyle reportedly said, \"The costumes of the bunnies which are integral to the Playboy culture, will be based on Indian sensibilities and morals.\" This may even mean women in saris, though nothing is clear yet. Playboy bunnies, or waitresses, typically wear black satin bodices, bow ties, cuffs and bunny ears. PB Lifestyle has not yet decided what the waitresses will wear in Goa, the sources said.\"Our clubs will not have any nudity. So there should not be any problem and we are prepared to deal with it if there is any,\" said Gupta, whose media and real estate company reportedly signed a 30-year licensing agreement with US-based Playboy Enterprises Inc.A senior official of the state tourism department said that if it indulges in obscenity or nudity, the government will withdraw their permission.Gupta's company plans to use the Playboy brand and its iconic rabbit-head logo on clubs, bars, hotels and cafes and will spend 2 billion in the first five years, media reports said. The first Playboy property in Goa is likely to be followed by one in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070478", "title": "Pune may get light to moderate rain in 24 hrs: India Meteorological Department", "text": "PUNE: The city is likely to receive a spell of light to moderate rain during the next 24 hours, as per the India Meteorological Department (IMD) forecast. On Friday, 0.2 mm of light rain was recorded by the IMD's Shivajinagar observatory.\"We have predicted a 51% to 75% probability of rain in the next 24 hours. But the probability will decrease thereafter and there may not be any further rain,\" Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting told TOI.The day temperature went up to 30.8 degrees Celsius, which is equal to normal, on Friday after having gone down noticeably over the last one week. From the 31.9 degrees Celsius on October 25, the temperature had dipped to 28.1 degrees Celsius i.e. 3 degrees Celsius below normal, on Thursday.In contrast, the night temperature increased to 19 degrees Celsius i.e. 3.2 degrees Celsius above normal, on Friday, from the 12.7 degrees Celsius recorded on October 30, the lowest in last month.Khole said, \"The prevailing temperature pattern has largely been influenced by the cyclonic storm Nilam, which led to cloudy atmosphere and moisture incursion in parts of south Maharashtra and Vidarbha. Night temperature increased due to this while the day temperature had dropped below the normal mark.\"However, the cyclonic system has now weakened into a well-marked low pressure area which remained over Rayalseema in southern Andhra Pradesh on Friday. \"A further weakening of this system will result in the drying up of the atmosphere and clear skies in the south Maharashtra. The same will bring down the night temperature in the next two to three days,\" said Khole. \"Maximum temperature will increase,\" she added.Meanwhile, scattered rainfall activity was reported from parts of the Marathwada region while rainfall also occurred at one or two places in central Maharashtra, between Nashik/Jalgaon in north and Kolhapur in the south, and in Vidarbha region, said Khole. \"We expect some rainfall in Vidarbha in the next 48 hours,\" she added. Kolhapur and Solapur reported 6 mm and 5 mm rain on Friday.With the exception of Malegaon, which recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 12 degrees Celsius i.e. 3.8 degrees Celsius below normal, the night temperature was fairly above normal in most parts of the central Maharashtra belt.Mahabaleshwar recorded a minimum temperature of 16.4 degrees Celsius while Nashik recorded 15.5 degrees Celsius and Jalgaon 18.9 degrees Celsius. Ahmednagar recorded 20 degrees Celsius, which was 4 degrees Celsius above normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070470", "title": "Maharashtra state panel hotfoots elevated rail project", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre's intervention to push the Churchgate-Virar elevated rail corridor project appears to have had a desired effect.While Western Railway will execute the Rs 21,000-crore project, the state government will need to assist it in acquisition of land, relief and rehabilitation of the plan-hit people, temporary diversion of roads and deciding on the extent of commercial utilization of stations and certain other railway-owned land parcels to raise funds for the project.Making its dissatisfaction over the delay in the signing the agreement, the PMO has reportedly asked the state to resolve the differences and ink the deal on or before November 15.On Friday a five-member panel appointed by the government to finalize the agreement draft held deliberations. Sources said the panel hopes to finalize the draft on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17071235", "title": "Rural helpline for complaint redressal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Panchayati Raj department on Thursday launched 'panchayat helpline', an 8am to 8pm grievance redressal service. This will bring people closer to the government.The grievance redressal cell (GRC) will be installed at State Institute of Rural Development SIRD here. A dedicated officer, who will be in charge of the GRC, will monitor the grievances.People can dial a toll-free number to put forth their grievances which will be recorded. The persons airing grievances will be given a complaint number for future reference. \"The grievances will be forwarded to officials concerned for redressal within a reasonable time frame. Invalid grievances will be marked negative,\" said Aparajita Sarangi, commissioner-cum secretary, Panchayati Raj department.Nine professional persons will be stationed at SIRD to hear the grievances and register them duly. \"The complaints will be received by the professionals on every working Monday who will forward them to officials concerned. The BDOs have been asked to stay alert on Mondays from 10.30 am onwards,\" Sarangi said.She said people will be informed through SMS the dateline (deadline) as to when a specific complaint will be redressed. The dateline will vary from complaint to complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17071323", "title": "Festive fervour marks Karwa Chauth", "text": "VARANASI: Festive fervour marked Karwa Chauth in the city on Friday. Women observed nirajal vrat and offered rituals and prayers of the Chauth. Women formed small groups and organised the puja in the front yard, terrace and even in various temples premises.Before observing the fast, women consumed Sutpheni early in the morning while the fast was broken by consuming water after looking at the moon. Day witnessed brisk purchase of Karwa and other devotional articles for the occasion. Meanwhile, scores of newly married women thronged shopping malls to apply designer mehendi. Women also splurged on jewellery and sarees on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069492", "title": "Karwa Chauth gift: UP government orders withdrawal of cases against jailed farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major relief to the agitating farmers of Bhatta and Parsaul villages of Gautam Buddh Nagar, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday ordered the withdrawal of all pending cases against the jailed farmer leaders. Stating that the decision was in the interest of innocent farmers, who were harassed and framed by the former BSP regime while they agitated for their rights, the government said that the cases are being withdrawn for the sake of justice.Among the prominent beneficiaries of the government's Friday largesse include Manvir Singh Teotia, Premvir, Kale Singh, Gaje Singh, Kiranpal, Dhan Singh, Neeraj and Manoj, who the government said, had been falsely framed. Speaking to TOI, Teotia's wife, Nutan, said, \"I finished the Karwa Chauth Puja on Friday when I received this news. Not only for the nine persons who have been imprisoned, Friday's decision comes as a relief to over 1,000 farmers against whom warrants were issued.\"A government release issued on Friday said all cases were dropped after local administration from the respective districts reported that the farmers were only agitating because of inadequate compensation for their acquired land. Welcoming the move, Kisan Jagriti Manch president Sudhir Panwar said that the move provides legitimacy to the farmers' struggle for fair compensation and showed that the government's attitude towards farmers is taking a positive turn.Earlier, in a similar initiative, the Samajwadi Party government, on September 7 withdrew criminal cases lodged against 37 farmers, who agitated against the forceful acquisition of their land in Tappal block of Aligarh district. The cases were lodged following a violent clash with police where five persons, including an official of the Provincial Arms Constabulary died on August 14, 2010.In the first phase of enquiry on April 13, 2012, the state government had dropped charges against 24 farmers who took part in the Tappal agitation. The farmers demonstrated at Jikarpur village of Tappal block and demanded a higher rate of compensation for their land acquired by the state government for the Yamuna Expressway project. After the police used force to disburse the agitators, police firing resulted in death of five persons, including three children.Similar clashes also took place in May 2011 at Bhatta-Parsaul villages in which four persons including two policemen died. Later, at least 9 farmer leaders were sentenced to jail.The SP in its election manifesto had promised to withdraw cases against farmers if voted to power. Soon after winning elections in March this year, the new government ordered an inquiry, which found that the district administration framed farmers who were protesting peacefully, but turned violent when the police force was used. According to reports turned in by the district administration, some farmers were booked for ploughing the acquired land. The probe also revealed that the farmers were not given any opportunity to defend themselves, amounting to a violation of human and civil rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumba", "code": "17069635", "title": "Relax eatery timings in certain zones: Satej Patil", "text": "MUMBA: I Among the changes minister of state (MoS) for home Satej Patil is seeking is a relaxation in deadline times for restaurants that are situated along national highways and in certain zones of cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad.Patil, who has held meetings on the issue with government officials, said he is trying to build a support base that would back the relaxation of such deadlines.The changes to the law that are being reviewed, however, would not include any relaxation in timings or deadlines for bars and permit rooms that are located along the highways, Patil was quick to clarify when TOI spoke to him on Friday.The MoS said that at a September 19 meeting to take stock of the changes required in old laws, including the Criminal Procedure Code and Bombay Police Act, officials highlighted the necessity of \"allowing dhabas, hotels and restaurants to remain open beyond 10pm in districts, beyond 11.30pm or midnight in cities like Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad, and beyond 1.30am in Mumbai.\"Patil said, \"In a city like Mumbai, where so many people come for medical treatment from other cities and states, where hospitals and emergency rooms are open round the clock, it is essential that small vendors, small hotels, even tea stalls and the like, are allowed to remain open beyond midnight.\"He added, \"This should not be everywhere, but only in certain areas, which need to be identified. The areas we speak of could be near airports, near hospitals, around State Transport bus stands and along some stretches of intercity highways where traffic is continuous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070534", "title": "Cop watch on fake car stickers", "text": "RANCHI: Police are cracking down on unauthorized use of \"press\" and \"police\" stickers on vehicles.In the past two days, the police came across several such cases where people, including students, have been using these stickers but did not possess valid press or police cards. They were fined by the police. \"More than a 100 offenders have been fined in the past two days,\" said traffic SP, C S Prasad.Since police generally do not check vehicles with these stickers, many students have purchased these stickers from fancy stores and stuck them on their bikes. There have been cases where youths have been on joy rides with three or more riders with a \"press\" sticker on the bike. When the police have stopped them they have said the car belongs to a media person. Similar cases of misuse of bikes with police stickers have come to the fore.\"The drive has been launched to check such misuse. By using the stickers they are not only putting themselves at risk, but are also putting other commuters at risk,\" said Ranchi SP (city), Vipul Shukla. On Wednesday, a drive against such vehicles was conducted at Albert Ekka Chowk where students of St Xavier's School were caught and fined. The drive was also conducted at Kutchery Chowk, Ratu Road, Doranda and Lalpur.Unaware that the traffic SP himself was checking them a bike rider tried to act smart and said he was from a local Hindi newspaper. \"When I asked him to show his credentials he could not produce any proof,\" said Prasad. The traffic SP did not give details of the exact amount of fine generated in the past two days. \"The fine was collected under the Motor Vehicles Act and different amounts were charged. It has not been separately calculated,\" added the SP.\"The law applies to all. Buts as they are engaged in essential services we do not generally check their credentials. Messages, however, have been given to media and police persons to have all docusments of their vehicles ready with them,\" said the city SP.The drive will continue for some time. \"It will run for a few more days and then it will be conducted randomly,\" said the traffic SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073832", "title": "Mahesh- Gautham Menon\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s film is not Yohan", "text": "Gautham Menon's trilingual (Telugu- Tamil-Hindi) project with superstar Mahesh Babu is not titled Yohan. The director, who is still fine tuning the script, says that the film is not titled Yohan as speculated. The movie, which Gautham was supposed to do with Ilayathalapathy Vijay, will now have Mahesh Babu playing the lead role.Gautham adds that he shall announce the title and more details of the film once he completes writing the script. Mahesh Babu is currently wrapping up on Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu and another untitled film directed by Sukumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17070719", "title": "Abducted by friends, youth killed for money", "text": "NASHIK: Two youths, who had killed their friend, sanjeev alias Sunny Narendra Kumar Agarwal (26) for money over two months ago and later demanded ransom from his family following his disappearance, have been arrested and remanded in police custody till November 10.The two accused, Sachin Mane (20) from Upendra Nagar, Cidco, and Rajkumar Mahavir Singh (19), an Uttar Pradesh native residing at Ambad Link Road were arrested on Thursday on charges of kidnapping.Following the arrest, cops said that the duo had murdered Agarwal on August 13 and dumped his body at near Wadivarhe.Deputy commissioner of police Sahebrao Patil said that the deceased and Mane, both, worked for Asian Electronics company in Satpur and Mane frequently visited Agarwal's house, in Nishad building in Mahatma Nagar.On August 13, Mane learned that Agarwal had cash of Rs 50,000 with him. Subsequently, he called up Rajkumar Mahavir Singh and one more person at Agarwal's residence, where Agarwal was killed with a chopper, for the cash.Later, the body was packed in a used carton and dumped near a bridge at Wadiwarhe, 25 km away from Nashik on the Mumbai-Agra Highway.Meanwhile, the Wadivarhe police had lodged an offence of murder against an unidentified person after they found Agarwal's body on August 15. Days passed by and while Agarwal's parents staying in Rajasthan were not able to contact their son on phone, the victim's father, Nareshkumar Agarwal, came to Nashik and lodged a missing person's compliant with the Gangapur police on September 2.Meanwhile, even as investigations over Sunny's disappearance were underway, the accused contacted Nareshkumar on October 30 saying that his son was in their custody and demanded a ransom of Rs two crore.Nareshkumar passed on the information to Gangapur cops, following which the location of the accused was traced from their mobile phone leading to their arrest on Thursday. One more accused in the case is still at large while investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071081", "title": "Oracle, Startup Village to jointly train engg students", "text": "KOCHI: Oracle India, the local arm of US software giant Oracle Corp, and Kochi's Startup Village have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to integrate Oracle Academy's advanced computer science curriculum into the engineering programme of the state's telecom incubator.Allen Mathew, vice-president for human resources, Oracle India, and Sanjay Vijayakumar, chairperson of the governing board of Startup Village, signed the MoU in the presence of state industries and IT minister P K Kunhalikutty in Kochi on Friday.This initiative will help Startup Village to lay a strong foundation for product start-ups in the state. It will prepare over 30,000 students and 200 teachers from 100 engineering colleges in the state for successful IT careers and to meet the growing demand for highly-skilled technology workforce.The Oracle Academy's advanced computer science programme provides universities and students with hands-on access to Oracle database and middleware software, and related curriculum. Students gain exposure to Oracle's world-class software, giving them a competitive advantage. In addition, Startup Village students and faculty will have access to Java Fundamentals and Programming classes, to help students gain hands-on experience with Java.Startup Village chief executive officer Sijo Kuruvilla George said the target for the first year is to support 100 institutions, 10,000 students, and 200 faculties as they fully integrate the Oracle Academy's curriculum and resources.Train-the-trainer courses will be delivered to ramp up 100 faculty members as instructors for courses like database design, database programming with SQL and PL/SQL, Java fundamentals, Java programming, etc.Minister Kunhalikutty said that the government will set up an entrepreneurship ecosystem to boost the younger generation here. \"The state government will, within a fortnight, outline a plan to create a world-class entrepreneurship ecosystem aimed at enhancing entrepreneurship among the younger generation,\" he said. \"The government is committed to promoting entrepreneurship and wealth creation. Therefore, it is necessary that we have an environment that nurtures young entrepreneurs,\" he noted.The Oracle Academy helps 1.9 million students in 97 countries, including 150,099 students from 441 educational institutions across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069264", "title": "Indian Science Congress Association's symposium plans for the future", "text": "NAGPUR: To mark the centenary celebrations of the Indian Science Congress Association (ISCA), which has been conducting the sciences congress in the country, the Nagpur chapter of the ISCA is holding various programmes throughout this year.One of the most important events in the list is a two-day symposium on the theme 'Science for shaping the future of India' to be held at Guru Nanak Bhavan of Nagpur University from Tuesday. Speaking to reporters, ISCA convener KR Nagaraj said of the 26 chapters in the country, Nagpur's was one of the best. Since the city is home to many central and state government-run scientific institutions, local scientists have been able to regularly contribute in the development of the country.\"Nagpur Chapter is doing really well due to good participation of scientists of all age groups from the region. On an average, we are conducting 12-14 scientific programmes, both in the city and the rural areas. Exhibitions, symposiums, seminars are held for bringing awareness among the members and the masses. We have 140 life-members and nearly 10-12 scientific bodies, including universities, public sectors units, autonomous bodies, colleges, schools etc which have directly or indirectly contributed,\" said Nagaraj.Alka Chaturvedi, treasurer of ISCA Nagpur Chapter and head of Nagpur University Botany department, told TOI that ISCA national general secretary Vijay Laxmi Saxena of scientific activities will be the chief guest while Manoj Kumar Chakraborty, general secretary of membership affairs, and Ashok Kumar Saxena, former general secretary of ISCA, will be the guests of honour at the symposium. Besides scientists from institutions in the city, universities in the region and its vice chancellors will also attend the inaugural session. There will be technical sessions on agriculture and forestry sciences, animal and veterinary science, anthropological, archeological, educational, chemical, earth system, engineering and environment sciences. The presentations will also include deliberations on latest topics in physics, mathematical sciences, medicine and biological sciences.ISCA encourages and requests the scientific fraternity to contribute good articles for the journal of the association, 'Everyman's Science'. For the last five years, ISCA has been selecting eminent scientists from Nagpur as \"scientific communicator\" to participate in the Science Communicators' meet who present papers on the focal theme of the science congress sessions. This is an annual activity to encourage good scientific talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071108", "title": "Strike by cinema owners cripples new releases", "text": "KOCHI: The indefinite strike by Kerala Film Exhibitors Federation will surely trouble the cinema community since 58 more films are yet to be released this year. Since so many films can't be released within the next two months, the executive committee of Kerala Film Producers Association will meet on November 6 to solve this problem.\"The executive committee will decide the schedule for the general body meeting that will endorse our stance. However, we will see to it that upcoming movies are not affected by the strike,'' said president of Kerala Film Producers' Association Milan Jaleel.Two films, which were to be released on Friday, were put on hold - 101 Weddings by Shafi and Anoop Menon's 916. Mammootty's Jawan of Vellimala and Lal Jose's Ayalum Njanum Thammil were hit by the strike. \"For a film, initial collection is crucial. My film had succeeded in pulling the crowd. Even if it is screened after the strike, we can't be sure of a good collection,\" said Lal Jose.However, the cinemas owned by the members of Kerala Cine Exhibitors Association, which is the organisation of B and C class theatre owners, functioned as usual. \"Cinemas in Angamaly, North Paravoor, Kochi, Tripunithura, Piravom, Muvattupuzha, Kothamangalam, Perumbavoor and Aluva are screening films,\" said V Mohan, president of the association. However, some cinemas owned by the members of the exhibitors' federation, including Shenoys group of theatres in Kochi, screened films rejecting the strike.In Thiruvananthapuram, all movie halls were closed. The Sri Padmanabha theatre was shut on Thursday. Even the theatres owned by the Kerala State Film Development Corporation were not screening any film. \"Our theatres will be open on December 1 after renovation,\" said KSFDC chairman Sabu Cherian.In Kozhikode, Crown, Radha, Coronation, Apsara and Ganga theatres did not screen movies, but Kairali-Sree and Film City were open. In Kannur town, all the nine theatres supported the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17070991", "title": "Citizens protest against unclean ghats", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Citizens began an indefinite dharna at Baluaghat crossing on Friday in protest against rampant uncleanness at Baluaghat and Gaughat.They demanded cleaning of ghats and installation of streetlights so that pilgrims do not face any problems. Lallo Lal Kushwaha, a protester, said, \"People from the city and the adjoining places came in large number to take holy dip. However, there is lot of mismanagement at Baluaghat and Gaughat. Lot of mud has accumulated on the banks of the Yamuna on which Gaughat and Baluaghat are located. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073461", "title": "Rina Di scolds me at times: Moushumi", "text": "Moushumi Chatterjee is happy to be back in Kolkata shooting for Goynar Baksho and savouring Bangali khabar in between.Tell us about your role in Aparna Sen's Goynar Baksho, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films? This is my second film with Rina di (Aparna) after The Japanese Wife and it's a pleasure to work with a director of her stature. I play the pivotal role of Rashmoni, dushtu buri pishima of the house. The character has loads of shades and in a way Rashmoni is the hero of the film. The film deals with three generations of women and the script is hilarious. In most part of the film, I play a ghost, which is when after Rashmoni dies. At this stage of my life, I feel honored that Rina di thought of me to play Rashmoni's character. Also, I feel blessed to be part of a film which is written by my mesomoshai, Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. Did you read the original book? No, I didn't want to because then I'll try to comparing the script with the main story. I heard the script about four years back from Rina di. But then for some reason the film got delayed. I am happy that it is finally on floors now. How difficult or easy is it for you to get the Bangal diction right? Khub kothin ! The character has to have a perfect comic timing which I am trying to grasp. That apart, I have to speak in Faridpuri Bangal dialect, which is not easy at all. I am really scared whether I will be able to live up to my director's expectation. But Sohag Sen (who did our acting workshop) and Rina di seem to have full confidence in me. The director feels I fit into the role perfectly. In Mumbai, we did acting workshop where I actually wore the white thaan and the wig which I am sporting in the film so that I get into the skin of pishima's character. You play a ghost in the film. Do you believe in ghosts? I do! Bhoi pai bhoot e. I believe there is both positive and negative energies in this world. What is the last Bengali film you have watched?  Bhooter Bhobishyot . I watched it twice. Do you ever watch those Bengali films you have acted in? Sometimes... And I feel, I could have done much better. Are you open to do more Bengali films now? I am too lazy as a person. I have to be that much motivated by the film and the character to give my nod. Trust me, parle ami ekhoni palai shoot chhere . Look at me, ever since I have come on the sets, I have been sporting this buri pishima look. I can't even go for shopping! There are about two three scripts which are lying at home untouched, in Mumbai, but I didn't have the inclination to go through it. How is it to work with Aparna Sen? Wonderful ! Sometimes Rina di takes me for granted (laughs). She scolds me at times, but I don't listen to her always \u00e2\u20ac\u201d kichu ta shuni, kichuta ar ek kaan diea baar kore di . There is so much to learn from her. Did you taste Bengali food after coming to Kolkata? Oh yes! I had chingri machher malaikari, rui macher kalia, rice, bhekti paturi, doi. Added to that I enjoyed being with my family. People still go weak on their knees when you smile... (Laughs) That's God's gift! I maybe child like but I'm not childish. I am a very happy go lucky person which I guess reflects through my smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17068928", "title": "Sriramulu rules out alliance with BSY", "text": "MYSORE: BSR Congress leader B Sriramulu on Friday ruled out any kind of understanding with the proposed party of former CM B S Yeddyurappa. He said his party will field candidates in all the 224 assembly constituencies.Speaking to reporters here, he said Yeddyurappa is confused about quitting BJP. \"There are some elements in BJP which want Yeddyurappa to remain in the party, while another section is conspiring to ensure his ouster,\" he said, adding that the former CM should quit the saffron party and put to rest the speculations surrounding him.Referring to S M Krishna's arrival in Bangalore, Sriramulu said people know how Krishna behaved when the farmers of the state suffered and during the release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu. \"People won't repose faith in leaders like Krishna who never bother about farmers,\" he said.Meanwhile, Congress, particularly Siddaramaiah, received a jolt with Ganesh, a Kuruba leader, defecting to BSR Congress at a public meeting in Periyapattana. Ganesh, as a BJP candidate, had lost assembly elections twice in the past. He had joined Congress last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17073436", "title": "Broadband internet in 2.5 lakh panchayats in 18 months: Sam Pitroda", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's ambitious plan to provide broadband connectivity across 2.5 lakh panchayats will be completed in the next 18 months, Sam Pitroda, adviser to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , tweeted in his first global press conference on microblogging site Twitter.In his press meet on Global Innovation Roundtable 2012 -- his second on Twitter after September's conference on democratisation of information -- Pitroda was asked many questions on corruption, social, governance, infrastructural issues, among others. Pitroda, who is advisor to the Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations, said the aim of the several workshops being organised is to simplify the procedure of PCs, mobiles and televisions to children. \"Workshops to help children dismantle &amp; understand concepts behind everyday products: PC, mobile, TV etc,\" he tweeted.Pitroda also said that the government is planning to launch scholarships related to innovation. \"We are introducing #innovation scholarships, TOD-FOD-JOD centres, Akash tablets and connectivity through NKN.\"On broadband connectivity, he tweeted, \"In the next 18 months, v (we) plan to connect 2,50,000 panchayats #innovation.\" He said that government envisions panchayats as hubs for service delivery to citizens when broadband comes in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071581", "title": "'Corruption is socially acceptable in India'", "text": "Hyderabad: Corruption is socially acceptable in India and millions of Indian families bribe public servants for access to basic services, said former chief vigilance commissioner Pratyush Sinha on Friday at a talk organised by the Federation of AP Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( Fapcci) in association with the Hyderabad Management Association.Sinha said that while 30% of all Indians was totally corrupt, 50% of them are borderline cases. He added that just about 20 % Indians were honest. The report card on corruption in India also had a social angle with Sinha pointing out that in modern India, it is the rich person who gets automatic respect. \"If somebody has a lot of money, he is respectable . Nobody questions by what means he has made his money ,\" Sinha said. He added that while in the past people used to look down upon the corrupt, that was no longer the case.\"There was at least some social stigma attached to it. That is gone. So, there is greater social acceptance now for the corrupt,\" he said. It was for this reason, he said, that India is regarded as a hotbed of illegal betting syndicates, with gamblers and bookmakers involved in spotfixing in cricket matches.Quoting from the findings of a Transparency International, Sinha said that the the global anti-graft body has put India 84th on its corruption perception index with a 3.4-point rating, in a best possible score of 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069187", "title": "Union secretary's order on mobile towers tantamount to contempt of court: High court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Friday took a strong note of the Union telecom secretary's letter directing the state chief secretary not to order removal of mobile phone towers from hospitals.As the high court had earlier ordered that the towers be instantly removed from the school and hospital buildings, the division bench headed by chief justice Arun Kumar Mishra said the Union secretary's letter was tantamount to contempt of court.After a rapping from the court, the Central government's assistant solicitor general Satyendra Raghav assured that the letter would be withdrawn. A little later while the matter was still being heard, he informed the court that the Union secretary's order has been withdrawn. However, the division bench directed Raghav to submit in court the government order about withdrawal of the Union secretary's letter.The court has been hearing a public interest litigation (PIL), filed by former high court judge IS Israni, that radiations from the mobile towers were hazardous to the living beings and, as such, should be shifted out of residential areas. Israni's advocate Prateek Kasliwal informed the division bench on Friday that despite the high court order about shifting the towers from hospital buildings, the Union telecom secretary had instructed the state chief secretary to not remove the towers.The Union telecom secretary had reasoned that telecommunication being a Central government subject the state government cannot interfere in it. Chief Justice Mishra, however, said the Union secretary's letter countered the high court order and was liable to invite contempt of court proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "baripada (odisha)", "code": "17073758", "title": "Similipal Tiger Reserve reopens next week", "text": "BARIPADA (ODISHA): The Similipal National Park and Tiger Reserve in Odisha's Mayurbhanj district will reopen for tourists from November 9, official sources said on Friday.The restrictions on entry into the park was being imposed every year on June 15 on the onset of monsoon as the roads inside the jungle got washed away by rain waters, Anup Nayak, Regional Chief Conservator of Forest (RCCF), Baripada said.Tourists will be allowed to visit the park only during day time and nobody can spend night inside the park. The restriction was imposed since 2009 following a Maoist attack, he said.Wildlife lovers can visit the park from two entry points at Pithabata and Kaliani. This year only 60 vehicles can enter the park from both the points during 6 am to 9 am and leave the reserve before evening, Nayak said.Introduced for the first time, visitors can have a glimpse of wildlife on the elephants back. Three trained elephants with mahuts are being kept ready for the purpose. The tuskers and mahuts were trained by the experts from Assam , the RCCF said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17071174", "title": "Railways announces special trains for Diwali", "text": "CHENNAI: To clear the Diwali rush, the following special trains will be operated.Nagercoil-Chennai Egmore Superfast Specials (via Madurai, Trichy, Vriddhachalam, Villupuram): Train number 06748 Nagercoil-Chennai Egmore Superfast Special (06748) will leave Nagercoil at 5pm on November 11 and arrive at Chennai Egmore at 6.05am the next day. Train number 06747 Chennai Egmore-Nagercoil Special will leave Chennai Egmore at 2.35pm on November 12 and arrive at Nagercoil at 05.30am the next day. The trains will stop at Valliyur, Tirunelveli, Vanchi Maniyachchi, Kovilpatti, Sattur, Virudhunagar, Madurai, Dindigul, Trichy, Vriddhachalam, Villupuram, Melmaruvathur, Chengalpet and Tambaram. Train number 06748 will stop at Mambalam and 06747 will stop at Ariyalur and Srirangam also.Tirunelveli-Chennai Central Weekly Specials (via Trichy, Erode): Train number 06750 Tirunelveli-Chennai Central Weekly Special will leave Tirunelveli at 4pm on November 8 and arrive at Chennai Central at 9.20am the next day. Train number 06749 Chennai Central-Tirunelveli Superfast Weekly Special will leave Chennai Central at 11.30pm on November 9 and arrive in Tirunelveli at 2pm the next day. The trains will stop at Vanchi Maniyachchi, Kovilpatti, Sattur, Virudhunagar, Madurai, Dindigul, Trichy, Karur, Erode, Salem, Jolarpettai, Vaniyambadi, Ambur, Gudiyattam, Katpadi and Arakkonam. Train number 06750 will stop at Perambur also.Coimbatore-Chennai Central-Coimbatore Superfast Specials: Train number 06618 Coimbatore-Chennai Central Superfast Special will leave Coimbatore at 9.10pm on November 13 and arrive Chennai Central at 5.15am the next day. Train number 06617 Chennai Central-Coimbatore Superfast Special will leave Chennai Central at 9pm on November 14 and arrive in Coimbatore at 04.30am the next day. The trains will stop at Tirupur, Erode, Salem, Jolarpettai, Katpadi and Arakkonam. Train number 06618 will stop at Perambur also.Chennai Central-Coimbatore-Chennai Central Superfast Weekly Specials: Chennai Central-Coimbatore Superfast Weekly Special (06015) will leave Chennai Central at 11.30pm on November 11 and arrive in Coimbatore at 6.40am the next day. Coimbatore-Chennai Central Superfast Weekly Special (06016) will leave Coimbatore at 11.45pm on November 12 and arrive at Chennai Central at 7.45am the next day. The trains will stop at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode and Tirupur. Train no. 06015 will stop at Coimbatore North also. Train no. 06016 will stop at Perambur also.Chennai Central-Nagercoil-Chennai Central Specials (via Chennai Egmore, Villupuram, Vriddhachalam): Train number 06019 Chennai Central-Nagercoil Special will leave Chennai Central at 7.30pm on November 10 and arrive in Nagercoil at 11.15am the next day. Train number 06020 Nagercoil-Chennai Central Special will leave Nagercoil at 1.20pm on November 11 and arrive at Chennai Central at 5am the next day. The trains will comprise one AC 2-tier, four AC 3-tier, 11 Sleeper Class, three General Second Class and two luggage-cum-brake van coaches. They will stop at Tambaram, Chengalpet, Melmaruvathur, Villupuram, Vriddhachalam, Trichy, Dindigul, Madurai, Virudhunagar, Satur, Kovilpatti, Vanchi Maniyachchi, Tirunelveli and Valliyur. Train no.06020 will stop at Mambalam also.Trichy-Chennai Egmore Special (via Mayiladuthurai, Villupuram): Train number 06802 Trichy-Chennai Egmore Special will leave Trichy at 7.30pm on November 12 and arrive Chennai Egmore at 4.20am the next day. Train number 06801 Chennai Egmore-Trichy Superfast Special will leave Chennai Egmore at 11.45pm on November 15 and arrive in Trichy at 6pm the next day. The trains will stop at Thanjavur, Kumbakonam, Mayiladuthurai, Sirkazhi, Chidambaram, Tiruppadiripuliyur, Villupuram, Melmaruvathur, Chengalpet and Tambaram. Train number 06802 will stop at Mambalam also.Advance reservation for these special trains will begin on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17070413", "title": "Narmada water price may rise", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A major proposal is pending in Gujarat's top corridors of power. It recommends a sharp increase of water rates for all three categories of consumers - irrigation, domestic and industry. This is aimed at meeting operation and maintenance (O&M;) costs, which Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) would need to bear, to keep the Narmada project going.The proposal, which says that in an \"ideal scenario\" the price of water should be equal to the \"marginal utility for the end user\", has been worked out by senior financial consultant Amal Dhruv, visiting faculty at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.However, the proposal insists, \"As this is difficult to achieve in practice, most projects strive to recover the O&M; costs and some part of capital investment\". The proposal, made in the form of a report sponsored by SSNNL, suggests that cross subsidy should be the basis for fixing the rates, with users having \"higher affordability\" paying \"higher costs.\"In this context, \"With respect to SSNNL water, affordability is assumed to be highest for industry and lowest for irrigation\", the report says.The proposal says that the price of water for irrigation should go up from Rs 328 to Rs 469 per watering, though a discount should be given on water tariff to all farmers adopting micro irrigation practices.Fixed at Rs 469 per watering, farmers would have to pay 44 paise per 1,000 litres. The price for the domestic consumer, currently Rs 1.60 per 1,000 litres, should go up to Rs 2.48, though \"50 per cent discount should be given on volume of water that municipalities are able to recycle successfully.\"Industry will bear the brunt of the cross-subsidy. The existing price of Narmada water to industry is Rs 13.31 per 1,000 litres, which should be increased to Rs 28.08. The proposal says, \"Any industry that is able to reduce its water demand by 25% from the preceding year through recycling measures, should be given a discount of 20%.\" However, \"industries not adhering to Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) effluent norms\" should pay 100% higher rate.Only when these rates are fixed, the report says, would it be possible to recover O&M; costs, which were Rs 313.89 crore in 2011-12, increased to Rs 481.81 crore in 2012-13 and would progressively go up with each passing year. O&M; costs include repair and maintenance, salary expenses, and energy expenses. \"The amount of water charges would have to be adjusted to meet O&M; expenses\", a senior official said, adding, \"The rates have been fixed, assuming that collection efficiency is 30% for irrigation, 40% for domestic and 60% for industry. Current collection efficiency is very low.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "17072909", "title": "Bhupathi-Bopanna pair enters Paris semifinal, clinch WTF berth", "text": "PARIS: The Indian pair of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna booked the final berth at the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals in London after advancing to the semifinals of the BNP Paribas Masters here.In a winner-take-all quarter-final clash on Friday fifth seeds Bhupathi and Bopanna defeated the Polish Power pair of Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski 6-7(5), 6-3, 10-4.They will now be up against the Australian-Britih combination of Paul Hanley and Jonathan Marray .Bhupathi and Bopanna will make their team debut at the season finale.The 38-year-old Bhupathi is a four-time runner-up at the event, losing in the final in 2010 (w/Max Mirnyi) and 1997, '99 and 2000 with Leander Paes.Bopanna, 32, made his debut at the year-end championships last year, partnering Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi.The Indian pairing joined forces this season and have compiled a 29-20 match record. They won their first title at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships and were runners-up at ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments in Cincinnati and Shanghai .Seventh seeds Qureshi and Jean-Julien Rojer, who have also qualified for the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, reached the semi-finals in Paris with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over second seeds Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mohanlaganj, lucknow", "code": "17069476", "title": "Breeding grounds of a potential scam", "text": "MOHANLAGANJ, LUCKNOW: Log-distance champion Gulab Chand, steeplechaser Sudha Singh , cricketer RP Singh and American baseball star Rinku Singh - all have risen from the backwaters of UP villages. There is another thing common among them. Their rise is not because of any sustained rural sports schemes run by the government with multi-hundred crore budget. They have made their mark despite the system which seldom comes to help them.The Panchayat Yuva Krida and Khel Abhiyan (PYKKA) is one such Centrally funded scheme for development of sports in rural areas which has seen crores going down the drain with hardly any result to show. Despite the scheme's implementing agency Prantiya Rakshak Dal's (PRD) claim of utilizing Rs 107.62 crore released by Centre in the past two years, the ground reality clearly speaks of yet another scam than anything else. Such has been the rot in the scheme that chief secretary Jawed Usmani has ordered physical verification of all PYKKA centres and assessment though third party across the state.When TOI randomly visited some of the PYKKA centres, it found that against the grant for construction and maintenance of stadiums and purchase of sport equipment and accessories at village level, what have come up at majority of places are uneven sports grounds with broken boundary walls and cattle grazing on the grounds.Panchayat Yuva Krida Aur Khel Abhiyan (PYKKA), the Union ministry of youth affair and sports' five-year-old initiative is leaving the scheme's implementing agencies in the state richer by crores but the impact on the ground level is negligible.A visit to some centres with sport infrastructure developed under the scheme near the state capital brought forth a pathetic picture. Clearly, not even a fraction of the fund released by the Central government for the upkeep of such rural facilities was utilized properly.Grazing Ground: At Juggaur panchayat in Chinhat, near Lucknow, mini stadium is more of a grazing ground. The boundary is broken and the only permanent structure is a small temple. The stadium constructed from an MLA fund in 2004-05 could have easily been developed into an 'A' class infrastructure had PYKKA funds been utilized. \"Nothing has been done for sports promotion in Juggaur, which is a panchayat of 22 villages,\" said Inder Pal Yadav, former pradhan. Villagers also denied any sports equipment have been bought under the scheme until now.Crumbling infrastructure: The situation is no good at Gangaganj sports ground, in Gosainganj, which has been freshly cleared of the weeds and undergrowths. The burnt vegation and broken boundary are more than an evidence to corroborate the under utilisation. A staff at the sport ground said the Centre has few sports equipment, but safely locked inside a room. It's only when officers come for random inspections that the equipment are taken out. Meanwhile, if the sports enthusiasts come asking for equipments, they won't get any, he and several villagers confirmed. The centre hasn't received any visitors in the last few months, other than officers who come for inspections.Missing Funds: The only saving grace at Mau in Mohanlalganj, with 16,000 voters, is a 'kridashree' (coach) who has been appointed under PYKKA. The panchayat hasn't received any funds. The PRD staff at the place hasn't received any salary for the past three months, leave alone the funds for sports promotion. \"Had any fund come to us under the scheme at least I would have been aware,\" said pradhan Pradip Gupta.But, turning a blind eye to such stark realities, the Central government is again ready with its fresh installment of Rs 32 crore. In the past two years, UP has already received Rs 107.62 crore to construct and maintain stadiums and purchase equipment for 5,203 village panchayats and 82 block panchayats.Sources in the Central government said that new installment would be released in 2012-13 under without any cross-check of the state's utilization certificate (UC) submitted in September and verifying the facts mentioned therein. \"Since the UC is counter-signed by a secretary-level officer, we can't raise a question on it,\" sources in Union ministry of youth affairs and sports said.The officials at Prantiya Rakshak Dal, the implementing agency for PYYKA in UP, share the list of districts where the work has been done and count at least 50 gram panchayats in the vicnity of Lucknow alone where the scheme has started showing results. \"Though we got funds very late, we have released the money to districts as soon as we got it from the Centre,\" said Rajiv Dwivedi, assistant director, PRD, UP.Physical verification by TOI of some of the 50 panchayats claimed by PRD official to have been provided with the facility under PYKKA shows a dismal picture of how the funds have been misutilised, or simply swindled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17073349", "title": "Facebook testing new Timeline layout", "text": "WASHINGTON: Social networking giant Facebook is testing out a new, slimmer Timeline layout featuring a single column of posts, instead of the current double column.The test layout keeps the boxes that highlight friends and activities on the right side.According to Inside Facebook, the firm is currently rolling out the test to a small number of users.\"This is a new design Facebook is testing with a small percentage of people to make navigating timeline even easier,\" CNET quoted a Facebook spokeswoman, as saying.The right hand column keeps the existing boxes such as \"Recent Activity,\" \"Friends,\" \"Photos\" and \"Likes,\" as well as any app activity displayed by users.But with the new design, the boxes are a smaller size than posts, the report said.Below those boxes, the test design features only whitespace where the current design would display more posts, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069259", "title": "Gajbhiye made NCP state backward classes cell president", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Thursday appointed senior corporator Prakash Gajbhiye as president of its state backward classes' cell. The appointment letter was handed over to him at NCP office in Mumbai by former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in the presence of state unit president Madhukar Pichad, finance minister Jayant Patil and food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh.Gajbhiye, who started his political career as a Republican Party of India worker, has a strong support in Hilltop, Pandhrabodi and other areas of west Nagpur having slum dwellings. He had successfully contested civic elections in February this year, defeating BJP's Sandeep Gavai, a high-profile candidate close to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari. In 2009 he had ruffled the feathers of the Congress party by contesting the state assembly elections against its official nominee Anees Ahmed. The latter had blamed Gajbhiye for his defeat by a slender margin of around 2,000 votes.Gajbhiye succeeds Ram Pandagale. Naseem Sidiqui was appointed as general secretary and Baba Hashmi as secretary of the NCP state unit. On the occasion, former BJP MP from Nanded T B Patil also joined NCP along with APMC ex-president Bhagwan Patil and other supporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17069425", "title": "Man mowed down near Rajiv Chowk in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A 36-year-old man was mowed down by a vehicle near Rajiv Chowk on Friday.Police have lodged an FIR against the vehicle driver who fled. According to police, Vajnath, a labourer and native of Darbhanga district in Bihar, was crossing Rajiv Chowk from Sohna Road side while going to work when he was crushed by a vehicle around 6am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068722", "title": "In love with other man, mother of 2 kids ends life", "text": "BHOPAL: A 38-year-old mother of two children- a boy and a daughter-- was found dead under mysterious circumstances at Shashtri Nagar in the city late on Thursday.The police reportedly recovered a suicide note in which the deceased stated that she was committing suicide with a man with whom she was in love with.The mystery shrouds the incident as the police recovered only woman's body and not of her alleged lover who she said she was committing suicide with.Besides, the house from where the body was recovered was locked from the outside. The police broke open the lock to recover the body from the house.The deceased, Vaishali, wife of Rahul Dubey -both homoeopaths- was a resident of E-7 Arera Colony. She had gone to her ancestral house in Shashtri Nagar from where the body was recovered.The police suspect she committed suicide by consuming poison. The same was confirmed in the autopsy report, the police added.In the recovered suicide note, she mentioned she was in love with Nitesh Bhave. And the two were taking the extreme step as her husband was not allowing them to meet.Police assumed that the two might have consumed poison , but Bhave might have later moved out. He hails from Dhar, the police added.Vaishali and Rahul had married around 17 years ago.The couple was not on good terms and also filed for a divorce suit. The deceased's husband, is currently living in Chhindwara, the police added.The police also recovered some photographs of deceased and Bhave from the spot. TT Nagar police said efforts were on to find out the whereabouts of Bhave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071520", "title": "Cyclone Nilam damaged standing crops on 76,980 hectares, says govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Besides four deaths, crops in an extent of 76,980 hectares have been damaged in the state due to cyclone Nilam. After holding a review meeting with officials and collectors of the affected districts, revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy told the media here on Friday that this was the extent of crop damage as per preliminary estimates and that it would be revised after the district administrations reaches at correct figure.Due to the impact of cyclone Nilam, one death each had been reported from Anantapur , Prakasam, East Godavari and Nellore districts . In all, Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam , Khammam and Warangal districts were lashed by very heavy rains triggered by cyclone Nilam. As many as 4,824 people have been shifted to 13 relief camps set up across Prakasam district. As far as structural damages were concerned, Raghuveers Reddy said at least 35 houses in the coastal areas were damaged due to the heavy rains. Of them, 16 were permanently damaged. Around 445 electric poles got uprooted due to gales caused by Nilam.\"At least eight tanks have either breached or damaged due to heavy rains and inflows. Crops spread across 76,980 hectares got inundated ,\" he said. However, the minister said the actual damage could be assessed only after the water receded in the affected areas. Stating that the relief measures were in full swing, the revenue minister said there was no shortage of funds for the relief works. He added that chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy was monitoring the overall situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069453", "title": "Youth slashes girl\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s face with blade", "text": "MUMBAI: A minor fight with a classmate ended in a horrific manner for a 20-year-old as it landed her at KEM Hospital with deep cuts on her face. The victim, Mona Chaudhary, a student of Dr Shirodkar High School and Junior College at Parel, was on her way to college when Prashant Hule (20) struck her four times on her face with a sharp blade.According to the police, Mona had an argument with a classmate and abused him after he pushed her outside the college on Thursday. The classmate then contacted his close friend, the accused, and they together charted out a plan to confront her on Friday, to \"teach her a lesson\". The confrontation took place around 11am on Friday, right outside the college, where the victim is pursuing a vocational course in bakery and confectionery.\"Mona was just outside her college gate when she was confronted by Hule, who is a Class 12 dropout from the same college. They had an argument and within no time, Hule pulled out a blade and attacked her,\" said Vikram Patil, senior police inspector at Bhoiwada Police station. Hearing Mona's screams, the locals gathered and nabbed Hule as he was trying to flee form the spot. He was handed over to the police while other locals rushed Mona to KEM Hospital.\"We have arrested Hule under Indian Penal Code's sections 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 34 (an act committed by more than one person). His friend, too, has been arrested in this matter,\" added Patil. In her statement, Mona told the police about the fight she had with her classmate on Thursday. She added that the accused was unknown to her.Mona, a resident of Diva in Thane, is currently recuperating at KEM Hospital. \"She has one deep cut and three other cuts on her face but her condition is stable now. She will have to undergo plastic surgery to repair the damage,\" said Dr Shilpa Rao from KEM Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17072429", "title": "PK has no resemblance to OMG-Oh My God: Raj Kumar Hirani", "text": "The soft-spoken RajkumarHirani , who is not known to lose his equanimity easily, is an angry man. He is upset with the volley of reports that have been appearing of late, aimed at 'sabotaging' his under-production film PK .Especially damaging, say his friends, are the comparisons with the recent AkshayKunar-PareshRawalstarrer OMG-Oh My God , and the rumours that the similarities may have forced him to rewrite the script entirely, pushing back the schedule indefinitely.A crewmember (on request of anonymity) told TOI , \"Somebody is clearly out to sabotage PK. And that is simply because Hirani is a man of few words. PK has no resemblance to OMG-Oh My God, it is an entirely original film. Hirani took his time to write it and he is not a fool to put Kanji Virrudh Kanji on celluloid all over again and lay claims on a film based on it.\"Apparently Hirani was amused when the reports of the similarities first started trickling in. But then the rumours intensified, and he did not find it funny any more. Worse, some publications even reported that PK has been indefinitely postponed. \"Hirani starts the film in December as planned after Aamir from his Talaash commitments,\" says the source.When contacted, Hirani confirmed that PK is on time. \"I wanted to capture the winter in Delhi and that's when we start shooting. We are very much on schedule,\" he said, adding, \"I am busy with recce of locations in Delhi. In fact, my second unit has already started shooting on schedule almost 15 days back.\" The Munna Bhai director has also been scouting Rajasthan for locations. \"All my energies are focused on the film. Nothing has changed, \" he concludes.DADA CALLING AAMIR Saurav Ganguly is certainly not the kind who forgives or forgets easily. And being dropped from the KKR team is something he would probably hold against team owner Shah Rukh Khan for as long as he lives. Maybe that's the reason, when he wanted to introduce his young friend from the Bengali film industry to an A-Lister, he chose Aamir over SRK. Buzz is, up and coming Bengali actor Hiran Chatterjee, who has been seeking Dada's help to further his career, wanted some tips on how to break into the big league. And Dada promptly called up Aamir, who was on his way to Haj. We hear Hiron got to meet Aamir and even got a tip or two about stardom, marketing and of course acting. Guess Dada is still on the top of his game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17069258", "title": "Usegaon farmers demand action against Gadkari", "text": "Chandrapur: Farmers from Usegaon village in Chandrapur district, who have been allegedly duped by Nitin Gadkari's firm Purti Sinchan Samruddhi Sanstha (PSSS), staged an agitation in front of the district collectorate to press registration of criminal offence against the BJP president and his aides. The farmers, led by former Congress MP Naresh Puglia, also sought CBI inquiry into the matter.Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre had recently alleged that Gadkari's Purti group had duped farmers from Usegaon.Leader of Usegaon farmers Mahukarrao Kotpalliwar claimed that office-bearers of PSSS and Satyam Engineering Consultants headed by Gadkari's relative Chandrashekar Bhagwat had entered into a deal with the Usegaon farmers in December 2001 for using the agricultural land and water from Aruni lift irrigation scheme to cultivate sugarcane. \"The two firms agreed to pay Rs10,000 per acre to beneficiary farmers against the harvest,\" said Kotpalliwar.Accordingly, the companies cultivated sugarcane and other crops on 100 acres of land belonging to 23 farmers. \"The firms took bumper crop in 2002, but gave nothing to the farmers and also wound up the scheme in the second year,\" alleged Kotpalliwar.What hurt the farmers most was a loan Rs26.26 lakh allegedly taken in their name by Satyam Consultants. \"The firm under the authority of Aruni Upsa Sinchan Sahkari Sanstha took the loan from Chandrapur District Central Cooperative Bank. Agricultural land of member farmers attached to cooperative lift irrigation scheme was kept as collateral against the loan,\" said Kotpalliwar.\"Now, every farmer from the village is under debt of loan taken by Satyam Consultants. As this is mentioned in our 7/12 document, we are unable to get any agricultural loan. Moreover, the firm left the Aruni lift irrigation scheme in tatters, rendering it useless for villagers,\" added Kotpalliwar.Naresh Puglia said he will take a delegation to meet the chief minister and demand a CBI inquiry into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068776", "title": "State to offer all help to seriously ill kids: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that the state government will extend every possible assistance for treatment of seriously ill children. Hospitals with specialist paediatrics facility will be identified and ailing children will be sent there for surgery. He said every citizen, including doctors, need to be sensitive towards children and their health. Chouhan was addressing the 38th conference of Indian Association of Paediatrics Surgeons at People's University auditorium here on Friday.Chouhan said special campaigns are being run for reducing maternal and infant mortality rate. He said paediatrics surgery is a challenging task.He felicitated doctors, who have made remarkable contribution and achievements in paediatrics surgery by presenting them shawls and coconuts. Those felicitated included Dr S S. Deshmukh, Dr Rakhi Kulkarni, Dr Devendra K Gupta, Dr P K Jain and Dr I C Pathak. He also released a special souvenir on the occasion.Association president Dr Venket Shripati, organising secretary Dr K S Budhwani, Dr K K Mudar, association secretary Dr Kishore Panjwani and large number of paediatric surgeons from Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and other states attended the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069654", "title": "'Imbalance in demand, supply leading to corruption'", "text": "KANPUR: \"Main reason of corruption is imbalance in demand and supply and that the law makers have to design laws to maintain the balance,\" said retired district judge, RS Pandey in a symposium held in HAL auditorium on Friday.Addressing the audience, he said transparency and vigilance are two broad words and political parties have been evading these two. Graph of corruption in India was on a new height and from top to bottom senior bureaucrats, politicians, and other employees all were involved in corrupt practices.\"Illiteracy added to the rise in corruption, he opined. To check corruption, first of all electoral processes should be changed. Whimsical act on the garb of public interest should be checked and a new definition of public interest must be chalked out. Moreover, the law makers should make stringent laws in this regard.On this occasion, project head of HAL, VK Joshi said corruption is a social evil and it is affecting our daily life. One should maintain transparency in his or her life. Besides, several other speakers also expressed their views in the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070120", "title": "Bombay high court raps state for delay in action against Pakistani man", "text": "MUMBAI: Irked by Maharashtra government's approach towards offences registered against a Pakistani national, the Bombay high court directed the state to submit a report on the issue.The court was hearing a petition filed by Dargah Hazrat Khwaja Mansurul, a dargah located in Bhandup, against Pakistani national Sayyed Waseem-ur-Rehman Shah. The court noted that despite the magistrate directing the police to register an FIR in July 2012, the case was lodged only on October 23, 2012. The allegation against Shah was that he had delivered inflammatory speeches.During the hearing on Friday, the court asked the additional solicitor general (ASG) what steps had been initiated by the Union government in the case. The ASG told the court that the Union government had not been informed that Shah, whose visa expires on December 10, has had offences registered against him. The court then rapped the state for its failure to do so. The court has asked the state as well as the police to file an affidavit in the case and has scheduled further hearing of the case on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "dibrugarh/shillong", "code": "17071096", "title": "Shillong, Dibrugarh residents remember departed loved ones on All Souls' Day", "text": "DIBRUGARH/SHILLONG: Along with the rest of the world, the Christian community observed All Souls' Day here on Friday. Celebrated worldwide on November 2, Christians remember the departed on this day and offered special prayers at their graves.The prayers are meant to purify the souls of the departed before they enter paradise. The otherwise solemn atmosphere in the graveyards is rendered festive on this day every year with Roman Catholic Christians thronging the tombs of their near and dear onesThe Dibrugarh Inter Church Forum (DICF), a conglomeration of several Christian denominations like Catholic Church, Baptist Church, Church of North India, Church of Jesus Christ and Presbyterian Church commemorated the day at 19th century Christian cemetery with an early morning prayer service. The cemetery built in 1862 hosts the grave of 103 British nationals, mostly soldiers who died fighting the Japanese during World War II. The tomb of 29-year old William Alexander Mackenzie Duncan, the then Deputy Commissioner of undivided Dibrugarh district also lies here.The prayer service was led by Silas Dhanowar, the president of Dibrugarh Inter Church Forum. Fr Joseph Pallikunnel of Dibrugarh Catholic Church, Rev. Vinod Basumatary and Rev. Twinson K Changma of Church of North India, Rev. Haka Mizo of Presbyterian Church annd Deacon Gulu Marak of Dibrugarh Baptist Church attended the prayer service. In the afternoon a 2-hour long prayer session was held at the catholic cemetery at Paltan Bazar led by Rt Rev. Joseph Aind, the Bishop of Dibrugarh. Several priests and nuns took part in the mass prayer. The parishioners prayed for their departed relatives and loved ones by lighting candles.In Shillong, graves were beautifully adorned with flowers, petals and candles. \"I have come along with my family to visit the graveyard of our grandfather, who passed away 10 years ago but his loving memory is still etched in our hearts,\" says Daniel at a Shillong cemetery.In cosmopolitan Shillong, besides the Christian faithful, people from other communities too visit cemeteries on this day to observe the soulful celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070953", "title": "Prayers held for peace to departed souls", "text": "PATNA: Special prayer services were held in the city's Catholic graveyards to mark the All Souls' Day on Friday.Vicar General Fr Devasia was the main celebrant at the afternoon mass offered at the Peer Muhani graveyard where people from Patna City, Kankarbagh, Chakaram and other parishes came to pray for peace to the departed souls of their near and dear ones, said Bankipore Church's parish priest Fr Jerome Dungdung.People painted and decorated the graves of their loved ones with flowers, candles and incense sticks for the occasion. \"We believe that Jesus gave life to us through His resurrection. He was put to death so that our sins were washed and we could live,\" Kurji Church's parish priest Fr Gregory Gomes said and added people should follow His example in doing their bit through small gestures such as blood donation or taking care of the elderly and sick. \"Only then would we make His sacrifice meaningful.\"More than 3,000 Catholics participated in the Eucharistic celebrations at the Kurji graveyard alone. Kurji parish's co-pastor Fr John, who was the main celebrant at the mass at the Kurji graveyard, said in his homily, \"On this solemn day, we not only remember our loved ones who have left for their heavenly abode but also pray for those souls for whom no one prays.\"Fr John said for two days on November 1 and 2, the Catholics also prayed for the souls suffering in purgatory so that they might find peace in the Kingdom of Heaven. Suchita Clarence, a resident of Kurji parish and teacher at Loyola High School, said, \"We should always keep in mind that we don't have much time. Hence, we should do good things to make the world a better place.\"Raising the issue of shortage of space in the Catholic graveyards, Minority Christian Welfare Association's S K Lawrence said it was high time the issue of space shortage was addressed. TOI had earlier reported that the shortage of space in graveyard was turning into a major problem facing the community of the city.Prayers were also offered at the Danapur graveyard where the priest said everyone had to die one day and therefore everyone should live life as told by Jesus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068805", "title": "Verma and Dave stable after cardiac surgeries: BJP", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh BJP heaved a sigh of relief on Friday evening as doctors in New Delhi and Mumbai informed that the health conditions of senior party leaders Vikram Verma and Anil Dave are stable. Former Union minister Vikram Verma and Rajya Sabha MP Anil Dave underwent medical surgery for cardiac complications recently.On Friday morning, the BJP went into a tizzy as health conditions of former Union minister Vikram Verma deteriorated five days after he underwent an angioplasty procedure at the Chirayu Hospital here. According to sources in the party, doctors advised that Verma's coronary artery bocks could not be effectively un-plaqued and his condition was acute and critical. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan rushed to visit Verma while the party readied to fly him urgently to New Delhi for further medical treatment.State BJP president Prabhat Jha personally escorted Verma's shifting to New Delhi. Back from the Capital in the evening, Jha told TOI: Vikram Verma is stable and recovering fast. He has not been admitted to any hospital but is in his residence in New Delhi. Doctors say there is nothing to worry.''Rajya Sabha MP Anil Dave, meanwhile, is still recovering after a heart bypass surgery at the Bombay Hospital in Mumbai. Dave was in Gujarat in October to look after party affairs ahead of the assembly elections there. He was rushed to the Bombay Hospital after he complained to cardiac pain in the third week of October. After check-up, doctors there recommended an immediate coronary bypass surgery and the operation was conducted on October 21.He is doing well and received prompt medical treatment and at the right time,'' said Kailash Vijayavargiya, minister for industries and commerce who paid a visit to Anil Dave at the Bombay Hospital on Friday. Doctors are happy with the speed of his recovery. He will be up and about very soon.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069086", "title": "State\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first woman cop bids adieu to force", "text": "CHENNAI: When S Vasanthi donned khaki for the first time, she knew she was entering unchartered waters. Thirty-nine years later, the state's first woman constable says her dream has finally been fulfilled.\"Now I can say confidently I have done my bit for society. My dream of making a difference has been fulfilled,\" says the 58-year-old who retired on Wednesday.The Villupuram girl ushered in a new era in 1973. \"My parents wanted me to be like any other girl, get married and settle down. They were embarrassed when I wouldn't budge from my decision. Later, they became my biggest supporters,\" says Vasanthi, a spinster.After her education in Villupuram Government Girls School, Vasanthi joined a police training academy in Chennai at 18 and was picked as a constable from a group of 21 other women who had joined the programme. \"When I donned khaki for the first time, something strange happened...I cried. It was a proud moment and I just couldn't hold myself,\" she recalls.From the Chennai Commissioner's office, she moved on to the airport security team as sub-inspector and remained there for 11 years. In 2002, she was promoted as inspector and served in Kallakurichi, Cuddalore, and Chidambaram and Kilpauk, Saidapet and Pulianthope in Chennai.Vasanthi now plans to start a creche in her native Villupuram. She also plans a counselling programme for women wanting to join the force.Expressing dismay at the way the public views the force, Vasanthi blames the media. \"Before people respected the police. Now police personnel are being projected as villains and stereotyped by the media. This should stop. People must realise we toil hard to ensure their safety,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17072696", "title": "England win toss, elect to bat against Mumbai A", "text": "MUMBAI: England won the toss and elected to bat in their second warm-up game against Mumbai A at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai on Saturday.The visitors rested captain Alastair Cook , pace bowlers Steven Finn and Tim Bresnan , batsman Kevin Pietersen , wicketkeeper Matt Prior and leading spinner Graeme Swann from the team that played in the first warm-up game at the Cricket Club of India against India A.They included Stuart Broad, who will lead the side, wicketkeeper Jimmy Bairstow, Joe Root, Graham Onions , Eoin Morgan and Monty Panesar in their place.The home team left out leg-spinner Sagar Gorivale, Neelkanth Parab, Bravish Shetty and Balwinder Singh Sandhu Jr. from the playing eleven.The teams:Mumbai A: Suryakumar Yadav (captain), Cheteshwar Pujara, Shikhar Dhawan , Hiken Shah, Bhavin Thakkar, Sufiyan Shaikh, Nikhil Patil (Jr.), Shoaib Shaikh, Kshemal Waingankar , Javed Khan and Shardul Thakur.England: Stuart Broad (captain), James Anderson , Ian Bell , Nick Compton , Samit Patel, Jonathan Trott , Joe Root, Jimmy Bairstow, Graham Onions, Eoin Morgan and Monty Panesar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069224", "title": "Courts wont need to pass orders, if the govt does its job: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Friday made strong verbal remarks against political interferences in government actions aimed at removing encroachments from catchment areas of rivers, dams and ponds. The court came down heavily on the state government also for playing with the citizens' health by not keeping the water bodies pollution free.During the state assembly's recently concluded session, legislators cutting across political lines criticised the high court orders to evict squatters from the city's Amanishah Nullah, a dry river bed. The high court had earlier ordered removal of encroachments from the district's Ramgarh Dam too. The legislators had said that the court orders would render thousands of people homeless overnight.\"Politicians do anything for votes and then blame the courts. Why would the courts be required to pass orders if the government were doing its job? It is the job of the government to keep the rivers, dams and ponds free of encroachment and pollution,\" justice MN Bhandari remarked, while hearing the matter of encroachments in Ramgarh dam catchment area.In an obvious reference to Ashok Gehlot-government's welfare scheme of free medicines, justice Bhandari said, \"If the water is kept pollution free, there would be no need of free medicines and medical facilities.\"The court rapped the government further by asking, \"The sewerage line in Jaipur was laid down with the World Bank money and now more money is being charged from the residents, why then the government cannot lay the sewer lines at the right places?\"\"A study has proved that in Balotara and Pali the water has so much fluoride that children there are now born with twisted bones. In Balotara the water is not fit for even bathing,\" Justice Bhandari said.A monitoring committee of the high court recently reported that the state government was discharging sewerage water without passing it through the water treatment plants, while some of these plants were of low capacity. The single bench of justice Bhandari noted that the government saved the Jal Mahal water with the help of a treatment plant, but polluted water was still being discharged into the Kanota Dam. Also, untreated industrial water was being discharged in a couple of lakes and dams.According to the monitoring committee's report, the water treatment plant at Jaisinghpura was of low capacity. As such, the water being discharged in the Kanota dam there was polluted. The committee reported that the treatment plant at Ana Sagar Lake in Ajmer was also not working properly, while an illegal colony-Karni Vihar-has been allowed to settle there in the water body's catchment area.The high court has now asked the state government to submit its scheme about treating the polluted water being discharged in rivers, lakes, dams and ponds and where all it intends to set up STP plants in Rajasthan. The matter would be heard again December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "17073794", "title": "Cabbies demand fare hike of Rs 5 paise per km", "text": "MUMBAI : Taxi union leader A L Quadros has petitioned the state government demanding further hike in cab fares.Speaking to TOI, Quadros said, \"I have given in writing that the fare hikes given to taxi drivers was below expectation. While the auto drivers got a fare hike of Rs 3 in fares on October 11, we got just a Rs 2-hike. Also, the price of CNG has increased by 85 paise per kg from November 1. We have demanded that the fares should be increased by at least five paise per km. There should be a hike of 50 paise to Rs 1 for long distances (10 to 20 kms).\"While Quadros is demanding a fare hike, the auto unions are keeping mum despite the hike in CNG prices. Said an union leader, \"This time, we got a good hike based on the increasing cost of living index and the rise in maintenance and repair costs of vehicles. We are assured of a fare hike once every year as per the recent recommendation of the Hakim committee. So, we will demand a fare hike only in May next year,'' he said. State transport commissioner V N More ruled out any further hike in fares of autos and taxis.\"The issue will be dealt with on May 1, 2013. Till then, commuters will pay fares as per the recent revision in tariff,'' he stated.The fares of autos were recently hiked from Rs 12 to Rs 15 for a minimum distance of 1.5 kms and from Rs 7 to Rs 9.87 for every subsequent km. Similarly, the taxi fare was increased from Rs 17 to Rs 19 for minimum distance of 1.5 km, and the fare for subsequent km was raised from Rs 10.50 to Rs 12.35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070869", "title": "7 special trainsfor Adhikar Rally", "text": "PATNA: The railways has geared up for JD-U's Adhikar Rally to be held at Gandhi Maidan here on November 4. It will run seven special trains from different parts of Bihar to ferry JD-U workers and participants of the rally to Patna.According to East Central Railway (ECR) chief public relations officer (CPRO) Amitabh Prabhakar, while the ECR will run four special trains from Saharsa, Purnia, Kasimchak and Raxaul under ECR, the rest three special trains will originate from Bhagalpur, Katihar and Kishanganj respectively, which fall under the jurisdiction of Eastern Railway and North Frontier Railway. He said hiring each special train roughly cost about Rs 9 lakh to the JD-U.According to an ECR official, railways has made elaborate arrangements to cope with the rush of people and passengers at Patna Junction, Danapur and Rajendra Nagar Terminal.While all trains from Delhi-end will have stoppage at Danapur, passengers coming from Howrah-end will have the facility to board or get down from trains at Rajendra Nagar Terminal on the rally day. This arrangement will be strictly followed between 2pm and 12am on November 4, the CPRO said. Besides, railways has made special arrangements to receive trains on platforms at Patna Junction from both Delhi and Howrah-ends on Sunday in particular. All passenger trains going toward Howrah-end on Sunday will leave from platform no 1 at Patna Junction and platform no 4 at Rajendra Nagar Terminal.Similarly, passenger trains moving towards Delhi side will leave from platform nos 4 and 5 from Patna Junction while mail and express trains will run from platform nos 6 and 7, sources said.Railways has also made special arrangements for all passenger and mail trains originating from Patna Junction for Gaya from platform numbers 8, 9 and 10 during peak period on Sunday. Railways has banned parking of any vehicle in the main circulating area of Patna Junction. However, railways has decided to keep Karbigahiya-end open for vehicle parking on the rally day, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17070255", "title": "Could US see Romney-Biden administration?", "text": "WASHINGTON: It's hard enough to explain to the world that the man who gets the most popular votes in the US elections is not necessarily the one who becomes the President. Political pundits are now scrutinizing the possibility that Tuesday's presidential election could result in a tie, which would put a Republican President and a Democratic vice-president in the White House - in other words a Romney-Biden administration.Here's how it could happen: To win the presidency, a candidate has to get a majority of 538 electoral votes, which is 270 or above, irrespective of the nationwide popular vote. Each state is allotted electoral votes largely on the basis of its population size, which also determines the number of lawmakers it sends to the House of Representatives. So typically, the electoral votes allotted to each of the 50 states is the number of Representatives it sends to Washington DC , plus the number of Senators (always two per state) i.e 435 + 100 = 535. There are three additional electors from Washington DC, which is technically not a state, but gets representation as a district (somewhat like a union territory in India).America staring at bizarre result?On Election Day, the candidate who wins the popular vote of a state is mandated to get its entire quota of electoral votes in a winner-take-all system (with the exception of Maine and Nebraska, which split its electoral votes).True, electors who represent the will of the popular mandate are not bound to follow voter directions. In other words, they can rebel when the Electoral College meets.But this virtually never happens. With 538 being an even number, 270 is considered the winning target. However, a 269-269 tie is feasible although an Electoral College tie has never occurred yet.The closest the US came to such an occurrence was in 1876, when Rutherford Hayes edged out Samuel Tilden 185-184. More recently, in 2000 George W Bush beat Al Gore 271-266 under controversial circumstances (with one elector abstaining).But with various polls showing a tight race and the election boiling down to a handful of battleground states which could go either way, pundits are now weighing several ways there could be a 269-269 tie. If that happens, there could be the extraordinary spectacle of a Republican President and a Democratic vice-president.This is because under the 12th Amendment to the US Constitution, the House of Representatives, with one vote per state delegation, gets to choose the President in the event of an Electoral College gridlock. Republicans control more states and are expected to retain control of the House so they will get to vote in Romney. Meantime, the vice-president is elected by the Senate in the event of an Electoral College tie. And here Democrats are expected to retain control and vote in Joe Biden .Even in this process, called the contingent election, there are possible wrinkles. The candidate who wins the popular vote in a state typically wins all the electoral votes from the state. In the current scenario, some electors who are said to be dissident Ron Paul supporters have indicated they may not necessarily support Mitt Romney in the event of a tie, complicating an already complex situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070076", "title": "Noisy Navratri a precursor to deafening Diwali?", "text": "MUMBAI: The chants, the music, the frenzied singing, the thumping dhols \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the sounds that we associate with the Ganpati and Navratri festivals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are no match for the roar, the boom of firecrackers, Diwali's signature. And since noise pollution during the two festivals in September and October way surpassed the levels of the last several years, Mumbaikars can brace for much more noisy Diwali, say activists.\"Crackers cause the highest noise pollution,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, an anti-noise pollution activist, adding that usually Diwali has been the noisiest festival in the city with sound levels going up to 140 decibels (dB) at many locations.Activists feel that apart from a lack of awareness, several concessions given by the government are another reason behind the deafening noise during festivals. The unprecedented decibel levels during Ganpati and Navratri can also be attributed to housing societies and mandals breaking the noise restrictions with impunity as police mostly looked the other way.During the Ganpati festival, Abdulali's Awaaz Foundation recorded the highest noise levels since 2006. The level touched 121dB on the final day of visarjan at Girgaum Chowpatty. On other days too, the average levels stayed at 90-95dB. Mumbai also witnessed the loudest Navratri since 2009, with the loudest noise level touching 104dB.According to rules, the permissible noise level during the day is 50dB in silence zones and 55dB in residential areas. The Noise Rules Amendment, 2010, says firecrackers that generate noise of more than 125dB \u00e2\u20ac\u201d most sutli and 'atom' bombs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d should not be burst. \"There have been many cases reported year after year, where people have suffered hearing problems, temporary or permanent. The noise multiplies due to multiple crackers, the impact is bigger as they are burst in small lanes and bylanes,\" explained Abdulali.\"Society thinks celebrations cannot happen without loudspeakers. Politicians back it by extending deadlines for music played in public. The way we celebrate our festivals now has to change,\" said Mahesh Bedekar, a gynaecologist who has filed a PIL against noise during festivals.Just before the Ganpati festival, the state government extended the deadline for music at mandals from 10pm to midnight for three days. During the last two days of Navratri, the deadline was extended as well. \"These are politically motivated moves to appease people. Also, political parties back a lot of festive mandals and, hence, lobby for concessions in deadline,\" said another activist.Activists believe that the solution to the situation lies in creating awareness and strict enforcement of the law on noise pollution. \"Apart from temporary or permanent hearing loss, high noise levels add to hypertension, anxiety, stress, etc. People have to be made more aware of the harmful effects of the noisy festivities. Also, if deadlines are respected and action is taken against those who violate rules, fewer people would violate the norms,\" said Bedekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "sirsa/new delhi", "code": "17068828", "title": "Sirsa billboards announce Kanda\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s big festival plan", "text": "SIRSA/NEW DELHI: In anticipation of his release, the supporters of former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda have put up his billboard in Sirsa announcing him to be the chief guest at the Vishwakarma day festivities on November 14, even as a Delhi high court bench on Friday recused itself from hearing his bail plea.The festival is celebrated annually at the Vishwakarma temple in the city's Auto Market. Kanda used to be omnipresent in all the big festivals in Sirsa before he was arrested on August 18 in Geetika Sharma suicide case.Roshan Dang, president of Auto Market, said, \"We have put up the hoardings of Gopal Kanda and his younger brother Govind Kanda. If Gopal is unable to come in to our programme then Govind will be our chief guest.\"\"But I feel Kanda will be here on the festival day. That's why we have put up this billboard,\" added Roshan Dang.The bail plea of Gopal Kanda in the Delhi high court was adjourned after the judge before whom his plea came recused himself from the case.Justice P K Bhasin recused himself from hearing the bail plea of Kanda, accused of abetment in the suicide of former air hostess Geetika Sharma. Justice Bhasin didn't cite any reason and posted the matter for Nov 6 before another bench.Kanda had on Thursday moved the court seeking bail, challenging the trial court order that dismissed his bail plea. Geetika, 23, died on the night of Aug 4-5 at her house in Delhi's Ashok Vihar area.Her two suicide notes named Kanda and his employee Aruna Chaddha, a former official in Kanda's now-defunct MDLR Airlines where Geetika had worked. Both denied any involvement in the suicide.The trial court had on September 20 rejected Kanda's bail plea and observed that the investigation was at an initial stage and the release of the accused on bail could hamper the investigation. The court also asked police to probe if there was a link between Geetika's death and her pregnancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17071579", "title": "HC fumes at govt \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcinterference\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 , water pollution", "text": "Jaipur: The Rajasthan high court on Friday came down heavily against political interference in the bid to remove encroachments from catchment areas of rivers, dams and ponds. The court also pulled up the state government for playing with citizens' health by not keeping water bodies free of pollution.During the state assembly's recently concluded session, legislators had cut across political lines to criticize HC orders to evict squatters from the city's Amanishah Nullah. The high court had earlier ordered removal of encroachments from the district's Ramgarh Dam too. The legislators had said the court orders would render thousands of people homeless overnight.\"Politicians do anything for votes and then blame the courts. Why would the courts be required to pass orders if the government was doing its job? It is the job of the government to keep the rivers, dams and ponds free of encroachment and pollution,\" justice M N Bhandari remarked, while hearing the matter of encroachments in Ramgarh dam catchment area.In an obvious reference to Ashok Gehlot government's free medicine scheme, Justice Bhandari said, \"If the water is kept pollution free, there would be no need for free medicines and medical facilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17071420", "title": "Mohanlal to support MLA Shaji\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcArdram\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 projects", "text": "KANNUR: Azhikode MLA K M Shaji has said film star Mohanlal had agreed to extend all support to 'Ardram', a series of social service projects that he was planning to launch. The actor would help the project reach the masses through campaigns, he said.\"I have many plans for the people in my constituency and one of them is 'Ammakum achanum oru kai' (a helping hand for mother and father) under which deserving people above 65 years will be given a monthly pension of Rs 500. Mohanlal has agreed to associate with the project, and in all possibility will be our brand ambassador,\" said Shaji at a press conference here on Friday.He said people eligible for the pension would be selected with the help of Kudumbasree workers. Initially the pension scheme would be for a year and would be renewed every year.\"I am launching this project with public support. There are many people willing to donate to such charity projects,\" he said.Responding to CPM's allegations that Shaji was using black money for such projects, he said the entire financial dealings were transparent and that under the scheme, every individual supporting the project had been asked to sponsor one or more persons by donating Rs 6,000 per person per year.\"The CPM is spreading allegations because they are upset with the service that I am doing for the society. I don't need black money as there are people willing to support me,\" he said. An MLA is not a broker between the people and the government, he has some social responsibilities too, Shaji added.\"I initiated this project when many deprived people told me that they hadn't been getting any kind of pension from the government. The CPM is spreading canards against this with vested interest,\" he said.Shaji said he was also implementing a project for deprived children with the support of the social welfare department. \"Under this scheme, the department will give each student Rs 300, and we will raise an additional Rs 200, and give these children Rs 500 each,\" he said.Similarly, the state government has launched a comprehensive education programme as a pilot project based on a scheme submitted by him, Shaji said. This would also be implemented first in the Azhikode assembly constituency with the help of well wishers, said Shaji.\"The government has launched many schemes, but people are unaware of them. My role is that of a facilitator and I take help from people to help these projects reach people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069544", "title": "Students assault policemen in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two policemen were assaulted on Friday in separate areas. While a constable of Anti-Terrorism Squad, named Sanjay Singh, was manhandled by two students in Alambagh area at around 11.00 a.m., Harishchandra Kushwaha, an assistant sub-inspector of traffic police was assaulted in Mahanagar at 7.00 p.m. by another group of students. Four cases of violence against policemen have been observed within past 15 days. A constable was assaulted by goons of an MLA on October 22 on Lucknow University Road, and on Thursday two men had thrashed a traffic constable near Bapu Bhawan. The police have arrested the people accused of beating the policemen.In Alambagh, the constable was beaten up by two students of KKC (Abhay Jaiswal and Rajvansh Singh) while three students (Partha Rastogi, Anshul Daniel and Deepak) from well to do families were held by Mahanagar police. Daniel's father is a senior employee with Doordarshan, while Partha's father has an established garments store in Amindabad area.Reacting to the developments, SSP RK Chaturvedi said, \"Be ready to sacrifice your educational or professional aspirations if you assault an on duty police official henceforth. Following the rising incidents of attack on policemen, Lucknow police has now decided to clip 'professional wings' of aggressive youths who confront policemen violently.In less than a fortnight, four cases of violence on policemen have been observed in the city, an indication of worsening law and order situation. The common factor in all of these cases was the age factor. Majority of the individuals who have attacked on the policemen were in the age bracket of 20 to 30.\"Those who cannot control their tempers will now have to pay up with their careers. We will approach college authorities of students who have been charged of beating up policemen, to take stern action against them. Moreover, a note of such students will be taken and their potential employers will be told about their violent background.\" confirmed R K Chaturvedi, SSP Lucknow.The employers will be approached in case the offender is a working professional.While the police may not have the rights to directly influence a person's career, people accused of beating up policemen, will certainly have difficulty in obtaining character certificate, passport and most importantly a secured career in reputed corporations henceforth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070147", "title": "Haryana whistleblower gets relief from CAT", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi bench of Central Administrative Tribunal has intervened on behalf of the whistleblower from Haryana, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, and restrained its Chandigarh bench from hearing a case against him. The regional bench has, as one of its members, a former state chief secretary involved in his suspension.In a story showing how whistleblowers do not have it easy in Haryana, Chaturvedi, a forest officer, was not even given notice to appear before the Chandigarh bench.Chaturvedi was suspended by the state government in 2007 for implementing Supreme Court orders to protect a wildlife sanctuary. Promilla Issar, the then chief secretary, extended his suspension beyond the 90-day norm.The central government intervened and a rare presidential order was passed in 2008 to cancel Chaturvedi's suspension and the charge-sheets filed by the state government. After a central government report alleged illegalities by state politicians and bureaucrats, the CBI and CVC recommended an investigation.The state government refused permission for a CBI inquiry.One of the bureaucrats, M M Joshi, named in the central government report on the forestry scams, filed a case before the Chandigarh bench of CAT to quash the presidential order giving relief to the whistleblower.By now, Issar had retired and was appointed as a member of CAT's Chandigarh bench. The case came before the two-member bench including Issar.Issar did not recuse herself and the bench ordered that the case be heard without giving notice to Chaturvedi. Several hearings went held without Chaturvedi's presence.Chaturvedi moved the CAT's principal bench in Delhi, claiming that the law of natural justice had not been followed by keeping him out of the case.On Friday, the CAT's principal bench ruled in Chaturvedi's favour, ordering that \"it would be appropriate and in the interest of justice\" that the case not be heard by the Chandigarh bench but be transferred to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069477", "title": "Mines secretary contradicts Shah on encroachment", "text": "PANAJI: Contradicting the findings of the Shah commission on encroachments by mining lessees in Goa, state mines secretary R K Verma on Friday said there is no encroachment outside mining leases as pointed out in the commission's report on illegal mining in Goa.Speaking to TOI, Verma said the inspection by the Supreme Court's central empowered committee on mines to verify illegalities pointed out by the commission did not find any encroachments by lessees.\"Out of nine mines visited, we (mines department and CEC) have not found a single encroachment in those mines... CEC has also seen it. There is no truth in encroachments. Still we are verifying all the encroachments pointed out by the Shah commission,\" Verma said.The Shah commission had listed encroachments by 100 lessees in 2,796 hectares.\"If there are any irregularities or illegalities, the commission should have pointed it out to us and we would have asked the government to take necessary action, which the government also intends to do,\" Verma said.He added that the CEC may visit the state again as they have sought more information from the mines department.CEC has asked for plans of active mining leases, environmental clearances, production figures of the last five years and exports. \"We will provide all these figures to them,\" Verma said.The mines secretary said those involved in illegal activities should be punished and so that people dependent on mining activities do not suffer.\"In the draft mining policy, we have made it clear that the state government wants to bring down fresh extraction of iron ore by 50%,\" he said.Verma also said a meeting was held with the chairman of the committee comprising chartered accountants to verify accounts of mining companies for the last five years. \"We will finalize the members of committee by next week and also the terms of references,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069153", "title": "LIC to pay Rs 2.5L for dismissing widow's claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: A district consumer forum has ordered Life Insurance Corporation of India to pay a sum of Rs 2,50,000 to one of its beneficiaries, including Rs 50,000 as compensation for causing her mental agony and harassment.The complainant, Madhu, had approached LIC after her husband, Mukesh Kumar, died of brain hemorrhage on January 3, 2007. He had two salary saving insurance policies worth Rs 1 lakh each. However, when the company repudiated her insurance claim \"on grounds of pre-existing disease\", she complained to the forum.\"The opposite party (LIC) is directed to pay Rs 1 lakh for each policy along with 9% interest. We also award Rs 50,000 as compensation for harassment, mental agony as well as litigation charges,\" said the order passed by a bench at Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, New Delhi. President of the forum, CK Chaturvedi, termed the insurance company's intentions \"malafide\" and that of a \"blood-sucker.\"The company, represented by senior branch manager, Rajender Place, and senior divisional manager, Delhi, defended itself in a written statement saying that the complainant had suppressed material facts. They had also contended that Madhu's husband was suffering from a pre-existing disease.Taking note of the defense, the order said, \"This clearly shows that the intention of LIC always remains malafide not to make payment to the (beneficiary) just like a blood-sucker\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070893", "title": "Patna comes to a halt", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites are reeling under frequent traffic snarls for the past few days due to rallies, marches and road shows. The traffic on the city roads came to a virtual standstill again on Friday for a couple of hours during a protest march of thousands of newly-appointed contractual teachers.The long rally, which started from Gandhi Maidan, passed through Frazer Road and Station Road before terminating at R-Block. Due to the 'Shikshak Adhikar Rally', long traffic jams were witnessed at all the roads connected to Frazer road and Station Road. Vehicles remained stuck at Ashok Rajpath, Bari Path, Exhibition Road, Bailey Road, S P Verma Road and Buddh Marg. remained stuck at the crossings. The long queues of cars, and two-wheelers used for canvassing support for the Adhikar Rally further added to traffic jams.The protesting teachers called the JD-U's 'Adhikar Rally' as 'Ahankar Rally' of the CM. Some of them were seen pulling down 'Adhikar Rally' banners and posters. To thwart any untoward incident, riot control vehicles and a large number of policemen were deployed at the Gandhi Maidan, Dak Bungalow crossing and R-Block.The vehicular traffic on Bailey road was diverted near Kotwali police station. At Exhibition Road near Gandhi Maidan too, the traffic was diverted. \"The time between 12 noon and 2pm is very crucial for the city roads. The roads become packed by school buses and it takes a long time to regulate the vehicles and bring the situation to normal,\" said Uttam Singh, a traffic cop.Sachin, a commuter, who was stuck in traffic jam, said, \"It is ridiculous. We were caught in the jam for more than an hour. Demonstrators and protesters should show concern for the common man.\"Patnaites also expressed their anger over the lax approach of the traffic police. \"Only diverting the vehicles cannot solve the problem. Why do they allow such demonstrations to take place during the busy hours of the day? The commuters are the worst sufferers,\" said Tariq, a mobile shopowner near the Dak Bungalow crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070431", "title": "Critics should first go through development plan: Civic body", "text": "PUNE: Besieged by severe criticism from elected representatives and civic activists, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Friday came out in defence of the Development Plan (DP) for the old city area. The civic administration said that those criticising the DP should first go through the document.City engineer Prashant Waghmare rubbished the allegation made against the civic administration and said that the city should welcome the DP. \"This is the first in-house DP. The 1987 DP was prepared by the state government. The PMC has put in all possible efforts to make the DP comprehensive and people-friendly,\" said Waghmare.On the question of expertise available with the PMC to prepare the DP, Waghmare said, \"The PMC appointed experts to prepare the plan. The plan should not be criticised on the basis of incorrect information. We have taken all possible inputs from experts. Steering committees on various subjects were appointed and except the traffic and transport committee the rest have submitted their reports. These reports are incorporated in the DP.\"About public participation, Waghmare said that the PMC has ensured maximum public participation. \"We have ensured that more and more public inputs are incorporated in the DP. Various meetings were held to understand the public perception,\" said Waghmare.It is alleged that the DP was kept under wraps. To this Waghmare said that the civic administration has followed the specified procedure for approval of the DP. After the City Improvement Committee's (CIC) approval, the plan will be tabled before the GB. After discussions, the GB proposes changes in the plan and the draft DP is made public for suggestions and objections. The hearing committee comprising four government members and three standing committee members hears them. The report is then tabled before the GB and after its final nod; the plan is forwarded to the state for approval.\"There is no truth in the allegations. We have followed the procedure and the DP will be available for citizens during suggestions and objections,\" said Waghmare.The DP is applicable to the old city area comprising 17 Peths and surrounding areas spanning over 147.85 sq km. The DP proposes 921 reservations covering 1,080.79 hectare area for amenities like health, education, recreation, etc. The 1987 DP had 587 reservations for amenities.NCP corporator and CIC chairman Chetan Tupe echoed Waghmare's feelings and said that the civic administration has taken maximum efforts to prepare a comprehensive DP. He added that this was the first DP prepared by elected members. In 1966, a state-appointed special officer prepared the DP and in 1987, the state government took over the process from the PMC as the DP was delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070146", "title": "Police trash Mankhurd home inmate\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rape claim", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch, probing into the alleged sexual abuse of women at the state-run Navjivan Mahila Vastigrah in Mankhurd said it is unlikely that armed men raped the inmates on the premises.The crime branch on Friday arrived at the conclusion after recording the statements of around 100 inmates. According to sources, the police jotted down the statements of NGO representatives, wardens, vendors and 13 inmates who had fled from the home.\"Nobody has mentioned any incident of sexual assault. We have completed recording the statements of everyone and are waiting to trace the inmate who claimed to have witnessed the sexual assault,\" said a police officer. The police claimed that the eyewitness is a bar dancer from Bangladesh and was nabbed by the Ulhasnagar police under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA).CM Prithviraj Chavan ordered an inquiry into the alleged sexual abuse at the rescue home this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17068922", "title": "Mysore City Corporation to launch drive to collect taxes", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation will soon launch a monthlong drive wherein its officials go to the residents to collect various taxes. The residents have the option to pay their taxes like water tax, property tax or renew trade licences and can get one too if they don't have one.MCC is opening counters at various places across 65 wards for the purpose. The counters will have bankers from State Bank of Mysore, Vijaya Bank, ING Vysya and Syndicate Bank. \"Taxpayers can pay in cash, DD or through cheque,\" MCC commissioner M R Ravi said on Friday.The taxpayers have been asked to take essential documents to avail the services to be provided to them from November 5. During the drive, property taxpayers will be allotted a unique number that is attached to their property. \"This can also be used to pay property tax online,\" Ravi added.Following is the list of counters and the ward numbers covered by them: Agrahara Circle: Wards 1, 2, 4; RTO Circle: 3; Kanakagiri: 5; Chamundipuram Circle: 6; NTM School (Ashokpuram): 7; Govt School (Jayanagar): 8; Govt School (Ashokpuram XIII Cross): 9; Rehmania School (Vidyaranyapuram): 10; St Thomas School (Visveswara Nagar): 11; Puttaswamy Gawai Stadium (JP Nagar): 12; Mahaveer High School (Srirampura II Stage): 13; BGS High School (Aravindanagar): 14; Vani Vilas Water Works (next to Jyothi School): 15; KHB Complex (Kuvempunagar): 16,17,18; Vani Vilas Water Works (Vishwa Manav Double Road): 19, 20, 21; Janata Nagar (next to Ganesh Bhandar): Wards 22, 24; Matru Mandali Circle: 23, 32, 33; Govt PU College (Manchegowdana Koppal): 25; CITB Circle (Hebbal): 26; Railway Layout (Vijaynagar II Stage): 27; Rama Mandir (Kumbar Koppal): 28; Saptaswara School (BMSri Nagar, Metagalli): 29; Brindavan Layout: 30; MysoreOne (Gokulam): 31; Town Hall: 34, 35, 36, 37, 38; Kantaraj Park (Ashok Road): 39, 40; FTS Circle: 41, 42; Farooquia Dental College: 43; Bhuvaneshwari Kalyan Mantap (Banni Mantap): 44, 45; Community Hall (Kurimandi Circle): 46, 47; Tank Park (Shivaji Main Road): 48, 49; Gandhi Nagar IX Cross: 50, 51; Al-badr Masjid (Rajiv Nagar): 52, 53, 54; Triveni Circle (Rajkumar Road): 55, 56, 57; Veera MAdakari Nayak Circle (Kyatamaranahalli): 58, 59, 60, 61; Sangeeth Corner (Vinay Marg, Siddarthnagar): 62, 63, 65; and Nazarbad Park: 64.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17071306", "title": "Don't dump waste on others: Experts", "text": "CHENNAI: The scientific closure of the Kodungaiyur and Perungudi dumpsites will only be an ad hoc exercise if the corporation does not enforce compulsory source segregation in households.Experts say the closure of the dump yards and moving the garbage sites outside the city does not address the issue of what will be done with the waste. Ideally, biodegradable waste should be turned into compost and waste that is not biodegradable like plastic should be recycled, to ensure the process is environment-friendly and make the most of the waste that can be salvaged.Unless the civic body ensures that segregation is implemented, it will only mean the city is dumping its waste problem elsewhere, say environmental activists. They say the new dumpsites will be as polluting as Perungudi and Kodungaiyur within a few years.The corporation has failed in its attempts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d through threats, promises and awareness programmes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to make people segregate garbage.Studies by the civic body have shown that green waste and wood account for 39% of the city's garbage and food waste around 8%. The civic body also spends 400 crore a year on solid waste management but residents are not happy with the clearance of garbage.Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy said in August that the civic body would start door-to-door collection of garbage in five zones from September. According to the plan, corporation workers would collect waste from households and transfer it to the large blue 'group' garbage bins. But that too has come to naught.Private firm Ramky Enviro, which collects garbage in Adyar, Teynampet and Kodambakkam, also promised to begin door-to-door collection but has yet to start. As a result the group bins across the city are stinking.A corporation official said it would be difficult to implement door-to-door garbage collection across the city. \"We face severe staff shortage in most areas,\" he said. \"Residents are also not segregating waste.\"Environmentalists have urged the civic body to enforce source segregation. \"If the civic body does not segregate waste before it puts it in incinerators, toxins will be released into the air,\" said environmental activist Nityanand Jayaraman. \"Incinerators have not succeeded in any other city in the country or anywhere in the world.\"The civic body in 2008 decided to impose a fine of 500 on residents who did not segregate waste in their households. But it could not take punitive action against offenders because of poor enforcement by the civic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17070152", "title": "Cash-strapped UK spends 10k Pound to re-stuff snake", "text": "LONDON: UK foreign minister William Hague has come under fire after it emerged that his officials paid 10,000 to re-stuff an antique giant anaconda.The 20-foot snake, Albert, which has been in the possession of the foreign office for at least 120 years, is believed to have been presented to colonial officials in what is now Guyana .Albert was found to have fallen into a poor state of repair, during routine maintenance in the foreign office's ornate Whitehall headquarters, the Telegraph said.At a cost of 10,000 to the taxpayer, the 120-year-old reptile underwent five weeks of conservation work by experts at the Natural History Museum during May and June.The foreign office insisted that the efforts were necessary because the snake had been an official gift to Britain. \"As a gift to the (foreign and commonwealth office), Albert is therefore regarded as an FCO asset. The FCO is obliged to maintain its assets, and the work on Albert was essential maintenance,\" it said.However, the TaxPayers' Alliance, which has criticized the decision, said, \"When taxpayers are being squeezed for every penny, it's bonkers that they've had to fork out to stuff William Hague's snake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069204", "title": "Naomi Campbell prefers Jodhpur over Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: It is destination Jodhpur for supermodel Naomi Campbell . Earlier, Campbell was expected to arrive in Jaipur on November 5 for celebrating her billionaire beau Vladimir Doronin's 50th birthday. But it seems the beautiful Mehrangrah Fort has tilted the scale in favour of Jodhpur.According to the agents organizing the mega event, \"Naomi has preferred Jodhpur over Jaipur. A number of celebrities from the fashion and film world are likely to participate in the grand celebrations that will take place at the Mehrangarh Fort in Jodhpur.\"The dinner for about 175 guests at the Mehrangarh Fort on November 6 is expected to lend a quintessential Rajasthani flavour to the celebration against the backdrop of the majestic fort. \"The very idea of celebrating the birthday in Rajasthan meant that Naomi was looking at a celebration that is very much an essence of what India is. The theme for the evening is Indian, hence the fort would be done up in vibrant colours. Even the cuisine that is being planned has an array of Indian dishes,\" said a source.On Friday evening decorative flags were being placed at intervals at the Mehrangarh fort and preparations for the gala event have already begun. However, the celebrations on November 7 are expected to be at the Taj luxury five-star hotel Umaid Bhawan Palace that incidentally just won the 2012 'Travellers' Choice Awards' for Heritage Hotel. While Ajit Bhawan has been totally booked for the visiting celebrities, few are expected to stay at the Umaid Bhawan too.Campbell is being helped to organize the festivities by Paris-based travel expert Omar Cherif, who owns OC Travel. \"No expense has been spared. It will be the party of the century,\" another source said.The pair has been dating since 2008 and in 2010 he threw a lavish 40th birthday party for her on the French Riviera, flying in the Black Eyed Peas and Grace Jones.The majestic Mehrangarh Fort has always held fascination for similar celebrity functions and earlier played host to celebrities like Arun Nayyar and Liz Hurley too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070519", "title": "If separated, one conjoined twin will die and other's survival difficult: Centre", "text": "New Delhi: A surgery to separate teenaged conjoined twins Saba and Farah could prove fatal for one and pose grave danger to the life of the other, the Union government informed the Supreme Court on Friday.A grim report on the health of the 15-year-old conjoined twins from three neurologists of All India Institute of Medical Sciences, who examined them in Patna on October 21, was made to sound grimmer by additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra.After perusing the expert report based on physical verification of the twins, a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra asked Luthra about the other medical reports. Luthra said, \"There is a stark medical warning that if separated surgically, one will surely die, while the other's chance of survival is grim.\"The ASG said the parents and brother of the twins were not in favour of surgery and instead wanted a grant every month for their palliative care. The bench wanted a response from the Bihar government but no counsel represented the Nitish Kumar government during the hearing.\"State of Bihar is perpetually unrepresented during the hearing of the case despite it being made a party to the proceedings,\" the bench said before adjourning the hearing.The report from the AIIMS team of neurologists - Prof M V Padma, Prof Arvind Chaturvedi and Dr S S Kale - said, \"According to the brother of the patients, one of the twins does not have kidneys and the twins, between their brains, have one common sagittal sinus (biggest vein). There is no evidence/investigation to either prove or disprove these statements by the brother.\"The risks involved in the operation to separate the conjoined twins Saba and Farah cannot be elaborated without investigations. The statements made by the brother regarding kidneys and the sagittal sinus also need extensive investigations.\"The twins would be required to undergo various tests including CT scan, MRI, MRI angiography, 4Vessel IA DSA and investigations for other organ functions, and could be performed by experts at AIIMS, they said.But the doctors warned that these investigations could have their own risk. \"The parents and the brother are not willing to take any risk including the risks involved in investigations,\" they said, expressing inability to provide a detailed medical report about the health status of the twins without subjecting them to investigations.The experts also informed the court that the parents and brother handed over a written submission requesting financial help and palliative care.A PIL by law student Aarushi Dhasmana had quoted a newspaper report to say that the impoverished parents had appealed for mercy killing since they were unable to afford expensive medical intervention needed to separate the twins.Dhasmana's counsel Ravi P Gupta had told the court that for the last four months, the twins were bedridden and many times rendered unconscious by intense pain and appealed to the court to direct both the Union and state governments to render all assistance to them.Invoking the apex court's earlier judgments mandating the governments to ensure that right to life was no animal existence and must be coupled with all facilities and dignity, the law student had said the case needed attention of experts as Farah had two kidneys while Saba had none. \"But this should not deter the state from applying surgical procedure to separate the twins, as this could enable one of them to lead a healthy life,\" she said.\"State is bound to protect Farah's right to life even if it leads to death of Saba. Farah is not duty bound to allow her kidney to be used by Saba, especially under the circumstances when her own life is in danger,\" the petitioner had said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timegroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17069306", "title": "SM Krishna's arrival triggers massive traffic jams", "text": "BANGALORE: If there was turmoil at the airport during SM Krishna's arrival, the story was no different outside as commuters faced traffic jams in most pockets en route to the city.It was a bumper-to-bumper scene along the 30-km stretch up to his house in Sadashivnagar. Many vehicles which had posters of Krishna and top Congress leaders on their vehicles escaped paying toll at the toll plaza near BIA. While the authorities initially tried to collect toll from them, they were overwhelmed by the supporters. Ultimately, they were forced to switch on the green light making it a freeway for all vehicles which came to receive Krishna.A staffer at the toll plaza said nearly 500 vehicles got away without paying. \"We collect Rs 30 per four-wheeler which means we lost nearly Rs 15,000 due to Krishna's arrival,\" he said.Vehicles were stranded at traffic junctions at Bytarayanapura, Kogilu Junction, Yelahanka, Hebbal, Sanjaynagar and CBI Junction.A small lane leading to Krishna's residence located in upmarket Sadashivanagar also witnessed a traffic jam as many of his supporters, including legislators and corporators, made a beeline to wish him.Krishna was taken in an open SUV from the airport and it was followed by Congress workers' vehicles. Airport authorities ensured that passengers who landed around the time he did left the airport after him. A senior BIA official said the traffic jam was minimized as Krishna landed at 4pm, which is not a peak hour. \"The peak hour starts at 5pm but his arrival did cause a jam at the BIA entrance,'' he added.A woman accompanied by her daughter with a lot of luggage in the trolley, who didn't want to be named, said they came from Kolkata and been waiting for a cab for more than half an hour. CC Adhikari, also from Kolkata, said he was also waiting for a cab for more than an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073648", "title": "'Skyfall' breaks 1st week UK box office record", "text": "The new James Bond movie 'Skyfall' has made more money at the box office during its opening week than any other film in the history of UK cinema by taking 37.2 million pounds.This overtakes 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2' - which raked in 35.7 million pounds.During the opening weekend alone, the 23rd Bond movie in the franchise's 50-year history made 20.1 million pounds at British cinemas, the Daily Express reported.\"We are very grateful to the Bond fans and all UK cinema audiences for making Skyfall the biggest opening week ever during our 50th anniversary year,\" Producers Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli said.Jeff Blake , chairman of Sony Pictures who distribute the film, added: \"We couldn't be more proud of the critical and commercial reaction Skyfall has received. The results are a true testament to the 50 year legacy of James Bond.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070808", "title": "Patel Nagar road blocked over killing of youth", "text": "NEW DELHI: An ice-cream stop during a leisurely post-dinner walk by two brothers turned into a nightmare when one of them was shot dead and their father bitten by two Rottweiler dogs in South Patel Nagar, central Delhi on Thursday night.The assault was allegedly launched by a woman, identified as Saroj Chaudhry, and her two sons. Saroj has been arrested while one her sons, Sanjay, will be taken into custody after he is discharged from hospital where he is admitted with a bullet injury, which he alleged was inflicted by the family of the victims.On Friday, the victims' relatives and residents of South Patel Nagar blocked the road outside Patel Nagar Metro Station, causing a traffic jam on Pusa Road and other adjoining roads for almost 5-6 hours.Police said it all started around 9.30pm on Thursday, when Manish Singh, 20, and his brother, Sushil, stopped in front of Chaudhry's house to have an ice-cream. Sanjay and his brother, Rahul, stopped them and asked why they were loitering near their house.\"An argument ensued which soon turned into a scuffle after which the accused thrashed Manish and Sushil. As per witnesses and the police, the two were put inside a Skoda Laura car and thrashed even as the accused drove around the colony,\" said a senior police officer.Killer fired, mom unleashed dogThe Singh brothers returned home to 3025, Shiv Chowk in Ranjit Nagar, and narrated the incident to the family. Said their father, Rajbeer, \"I asked my brothers and nephews to accompany me and went to ask the attackers why they had hit my children for no reason. But as soon as I reached there, Saroj screamed and asked her son to open fire. While one bullet brushed past us, the second hit Manish under the shoulder and he fell down. Just then, Saroj unleashed her dog on us which bit me several times.Police said Manish was shot with a country-made pistol. They were also attacked with swords and rods. Two of Singh's relatives too sustained minor injuries.Police said that Sanjay has four cases of theft, assault and usurping properties lodged against him while his mother has cases against her of assaulting a traffic inspector, unleashing a dog on a person and usurping properties. Her other son Rahul, who is absconding, also has two cased against her, a senior police officer said.The victims were rushed to the hospital and the police was informed by passersby. When the cops reached the spot, the accused had fled. However, Saroj was arrested during the night. Manish was declared brought dead at B L Kapur hospital while his father was shifted to Sir Ganga Ram hospital. Later, Sanjay was admitted in the hospital with gunshot injuries which the victim's kin said was just a ruse to escape arrest.On Friday, the victims' relatives and residents of South Patel Nagar blocked the road outside Patel Nagar Metro Station, causing a traffic jam on Pusa Road and other adjoining roads for almost 5-6 hours. The entire stretch between Rajender Place and Patel Nagar Metro station remained blocked during the day with police officials demanding security for the family and the arrest of the two accused.They left only in the evening after the police assured them of action. The local MLA also reached the spot and reassured the crowd.Manish's body was handed over to the family in the evening after the postmortem. A case of murder, attempt to murder, causing hurt, abetment to crime and common intention under Section 302, 307, 323, 109 and 34 of IPC has been registered at Ranjit Nagar police station, Devesh Chandra Srivastava, Adl CP, central, said.The residents alleged that Sanjay, better known as Jaat, was a bully in the area and often indulged in thrashing people in local parks and in the colony. He has often been filmed during his acts, residents alleged as they showed a video of him hitting others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070464", "title": "Now, you can transfer someone else's gas connection to your name", "text": "PUNE: In a recent directive, the oil companies have allowed regularization of LPG connections held in someone else's name and change of names. This will help weed out multiple LPG connections and will also help in mandatory filing of the Know Your Customer (KYC) forms. With this, people using LPG cylinders and equipment that was originally in someone else's name can now have the connection transferred in their own name, but with a delineated procedure.Though there are no official figures to confirm the number of people using connections registered in somebody else's name, sources in the All India LPG Distributors' Federation said the number runs into lakhs in Maharashtra.Anil Shukla, territory manager, Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited ( BPCL ), said, \"The customer in whose name the connection had been issued earlier will have to give his consent in writing for transferring the connection in the name of the person actually using the gas cylinder. This was not permitted earlier. Also, the consent letter has to be submitted to the respective distributor.\"In addition, the current user of the cylinder will also have to indentify the corporation against any claim that the earlier connection holder may at a later date make in respect of either equipment or the security deposit.Once the documents concerned are given to the distributor, he would verify the particulars with his records, and issue termination voucher in the name of the original customer. The connection will be regularized after the collection of security deposit at the prevailing rate from the current holder of the equipment. However, procedures for release of new connections such as submission of KYC forms along with valid identity and address proofs along with de-duplication will be followed.Usha Poonawalla, president, All India LPG Distributors' Federation, Maharashtra, said the recent directive has also simplified the process of transfer of connection to legal heir following death of a customer. \"After the death of a customer, transfer of connection to the next of kin/legal heir is already permitted with the condition that the next of kin produce a copy of death certificate and submit legal heir certificate/NOC from other legal heirs of the deceased customer. The new directives say that after the death of a customer, the connection may also be transferred to next of the kin based on affidavit and submission of copy of death certificate,\" said Poonawalla.In addition, transfer of the LPG connection within family has now been allowed upon request of the customer.Pratap Doshi, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, said, \"There is a huge number of those who use somebody else's connections. With the cap on the number of cylinders and filing of KYC forms becoming compulsory, regularization of such connections became necessary, as among other verifications, the whereabouts of the equipment will also be verified after KYC submission.\"An official from Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited ( HPCL ) added that after the submission of KYC forms made mandatory, a person will not be able to use somebody else's connection. Hence, the directive to regularize connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17070865", "title": "Uniforms for patients unused at hospitals", "text": "PATNA: The state health department's move to provide uniforms to all patients admitted to various government medical college hospitals of the state has turned out to be a fiasco. This came to light when it was found that uniforms were lying unused in the godowns of NMCH and PMCH.At NMCH, Rs 42 lakh was spent on the purchase of 1,400 dresses for patients undergoing treatment at the hospital. Barring a few, all the uniforms are lying unused here, sources said. More or less the same situation prevails at PMCH also.Health secretary Sanjay Kumar, however, said he would personally look into how the scheme, which was implemented in other district hospitals properly, miserably failed in the two hospitals. \"It is unfortunate that despite a clear-cut instruction, the authorities at the two medical college hospitals are not complying with it. It was a noble move of the health department to protect patients from infections.\"NMCH superintendent Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad admitted that the uniforms were lying unused. \"But it is not our fault. In fact, in most cases, patients themselves do not want to wear it. They prefer their own cloth to the one provided by the hospital, saying they are not comfortable with it,\" he said.Prasad said the hospital authorities are still trying to convince patients. \"We have conveyed the problem to the department in this connection. Besides, we have also deputed some nurses to convince patients to wear uniforms provided by the hospital and asked HoDs of various departments to comply with the order,\" the superintendent said.In case of PMCH, it is reportedly said the patients, in some cases, are not provided with uniforms. \"It is true. In some cases, patients are not provided with uniforms, forcing them to wear the cloth they bring from their houses,\" said a PMCH doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068751", "title": "Mayor moots separate parking for shopkeepers", "text": "BHOPAL: In an attempt to keep a check on problem of parking in and around New Market, mayor Krishna Gaur has come up with the proposal of providing a separate parking area for shopkeepers in the area. This was discussed at a meeting held at the mayor's house here on Friday.\"This will let visitors in New Market have a better parking facility,\" mayor Krisha Gaur said. \"The corporation is also taking steps to remove the vehicles parked on the roads opposite Top and Town and clear the way for the BRTS corridor and smoothen traffic here,\" she added.Efforts are also being made to shift the existing parking space to the areas surrounding the shopping hub like the area near post office, Patrakar Bhavan and telephone office, which will smoothen the traffic flow here.The members of the New Market Vyapari Sangh were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mall road", "code": "17069675", "title": "Karva Chauth: Party to increase tempo of the day", "text": "MALL ROAD: When women go all out in looking their best and indulge in the traditional-cum-modern way of decking up like a bride before Karva Chauth, it becomes inevitable that they meet up friends to take stock of each other's taste and discuss what they bought and what got a miss at the market.To do just that and have a good time with friends, about 100 married women from the city met for a Karva party at a restaurant on Mall Road on Friday morning.Organizers of the party Ripin Makhija and Seema Sadana, both residents of Mall Road, said most of the women were from their group of friends residing in various localities across the city.\"We played tambola, table games and danced on latest Bollywood numbers. With beautiful mehndi adorned hands, every one looked stunning in their best attire,\" said Makhija.Since the women were all fasting, refreshments were out of question, but none really felt the need to indulge in eating or drinking as time passed quickly in friends' company, said Sadana, adding, \"We met some of our friends after a long time through this party.\"Homemaker Anu Kalra from Atam Nagar said she did not realize when the day passed at the party enjoying her time with friends.Mini Basant, a businesswoman from BRS Nagar, said she enjoyed playing games and dancing with friends. \"It turned my Karva Chauth all the more exciting,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069719", "title": "Wireless apps to see tremendous growth: Expert", "text": "KANPUR: The Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers Centre (IETE) celebrated its foundation day on Friday.The Institution was founded on November 2, 1953. This is the 60th year of its establishment.IIT-K director Sanjay Dhande was the chief guest and Aditya Jagganatham of the same institute was the main speaker. He spoke on 'Indian wireless communications paradigm: Opportunities and challenges.'Aditya spoke on the importance of wireless communication. He said that it is a key technology sector with tremendous opportunities for growth and development. Recent years have seen an explosion in wireless technologies such as mobile cellular networks for voice and packet data, wireless local area networks, bluetooth and so on. The 21st century is going to see a tremendous diversification of wireless applications in 3G and 4G cellular networks like multimedia integrated voice video communication, video conferencing based interactive services, multiuser gaming and strategic survelliance for defense.IETE chairman Narendra Kohli and several other were present in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069503", "title": "UPSRTC to run extra buses to clear Diwali rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation will run extra buses to clear the rush of passengers before and after Diwali, from November 10 to 17 for Lucknow, Kanpur and Delhi. Transport commissioner Alok Kumar said that drivers and conductors who drive 300 kilometres extra in rural and inter-district areas, 125 kilometres extra in urban and semi-urban areas and 250 kilometres extra in Noida everyday, during the rush period will be paid Rs 130 as an incentive. The drivers and conductors, who drive even extra kilometres, all seven days, will be given Rs 1,600 as incentive.The buses, which UPSRTC, has hired on contract basis will be operated on the days of rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069229", "title": "Civic apathy stalls MP scheme funds", "text": "NAGPUR: Failure of the civic authorities to submit utilization certificates in time has brought development works carried out under the Member of Parliament Local Area Development (MPLAD) scheme to a grinding halt. City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar has complained to the Union ministry concerned that around Rs17 crore from quota of funds that he was entitled to in last three terms were held up.Talking to TOI, Muttemwar alleged there was a deliberate attempt by the BJP-controlled Nagpur Municipal Corporation to go slow on the proposals submitted by him for various development works that the civic body has to implement. \"Be it work for 40 civic libraries, or the Suresh Bhat Auditorium at Reshimbag and Lata Mangeshkar Hall on North Ambazari Road, the progress has been very slow. At times civic officers have refused to attend official review meetings called by the district collector,\" said Muttemwar.A week ago, Muttemwar discussed the matter with collector Saurabh Rao and raised the issue. The matter of alleged commercial use of Bal Sadan on Katol Road junction, near Raj Bhavan, was also taken up. According to Muttemwar, he had given Rs25 lakh from his MPLAD funds for construction of the sadan that was completed at a cost of Rs1 crore with the state government chipping in with the balance amount. The state-owned Vidarbha Relief Committee that looks after the sadan outsourced the facility to Kashmir Decoration which now gives the place on commercial basis. Union programme implementation minister Srikant Jena had taken cognizance of the MP's complaints and deputed under-secretary in his ministry, Yashodhara Vijayan, to inspect the site. She had already submitted a report in this regard.\"The matter is under investigation. If it is found that the provisions of the scheme are violated, we will cancel the agreement with the private party,\" said Rao. He admitted that funds to the tune of Rs6 crore from Muttemwar's MPLAD scheme were held up because of failure to submit utilization certificate by NMC. The MP had also complained that he was not invited to the official function of inauguration of the work for which funds from the scheme were utilized. Similarly, the mandatory inscription/plaque carrying Muttemwar's name and the amount contributed for the work were not put on the site. Rao has assured to issue instructions to the officials concerned in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17071061", "title": "Shopkeepers oppose demolition drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition drive of Allahabad Municipal Corporation was conducted on Friday. Various illegal kiosks were demolished. However, two employees of the AMC also sustained injuries when some of the shop-owners hurled stones at the AMC squad near Jagriti Hospital.The demolition process started from the Nawab Yusuf Road which later on turned towards Kanpur Road. However as the demolition squad reached near the Jagriti Hospital, some of the agitated shopkeepers of the area started pelting stones on the AMC squad . Two of the staff including Bhanu Prasad and Surendra Yadav received minor injuries during the demolition process.During the demolition process, about 10 illegal kiosks which have proliferated on the various points of the Kanpur Road were razed to the ground. About 40 ramps that were constructed illegally encroaching the drains were also demolished.Talking to TOI, SL Yadav, incharge of the demolition said two staff received minor injuries. We would not be deterred by the activities of the shopkeepers and illegal kiosks would be demolished so that encroachments in the city can be controlled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17072989", "title": "\"Totally Stunned by Kamal's Brilliance\": Ang Lee", "text": "Hollywood director Ang Lee was here in Chennai for promoting his upcoming film \"Life Of Pi\". All are aware how the news that two great legends including the director and our very own Universal Hero whined up in an amazing interview. Our hero too saw the exclusive 3-D footage of Life of Pi and has loved it.The session was attended by several prominent filmmakers from the South. Kamal Haasan is known to be a huge fan of Lee's cinema and was thrilled to meet him to discuss filmmaking. But the latest we hear is that after the two stars finished the interview for a channel, director Ang lee was awe struck with the way Kamal Haasan interviewed him. He was so happy that the legend knew so much about him and his films so far.The Hollywood director said, \" I am totally stunned by Kamal Haasan's brilliance. I never thought that he would know so much about me and my films.Inspired would be the word. He is not only an amazing actor but a great human being who knows everything about world class cinema. I am happy to have interviewed by him.\"Not only this, the director visited Kamal's office and saw the actor's upcoming movie trailer - Vishwaroopam . Post seeing the trailer, the director revealed that - \"A person who is not aware of the language too can understand the movie. Its totally stunning. I am sure this movie will be a huge hit.\" Well, this clearly shows Kamal is truly an Universal Hero and the entire Cine Industry is proud to have him!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17070806", "title": "Gold worth 16 lakh missing from bank", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have begun probe to unravel the mystery behind the 'disappearance' of 63 sovereigns of gold ornaments kept at the safe deposit locker at the K P Kesava Menon Road branch of the Punjab National Bank (PNB).According to the police, the customer Swetha was informed by the bank on Friday afternoon that the locker was found open. On reaching the bank, she was told that the gold ornaments were missing .Police said the bank authorities claime that Swetha might have forgotten to lock the locker after her last transaction. But police have rejected the explanation as the last transaction took place in July, 2012, almost three months ago. If she had forgotten to close the locker, it would have come to the notice of the bank officials by this time.Moreover, there was no damage to the locker and it had been opened using the key, said the police. The customers need to pass through a grill gate after signing the register kept at the bank to enter the locker room. All these have led the police to suspect that the involvement of someone from the bank or other customers behind the incident.There is CCTV inside the bank, but not inside the locker room as it is stipulated that cameras should not be installed inside the locker room because it would be an infringement on the privacy of the customer.Swetha is the daughter of retired deputy police commissioner D Sali. The locker was operated by Sali, his wife and daughter. The value of the ornaments would come around Rs 16 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17069000", "title": "Mouse deer breeding programme a success", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mouse deer breeding programme taken up by the Nehru Zoological Park is turning out to be a successful one. A year-and-a-half after it was launched with eight mouse deer, the zoo park's conservation breeding centre now boasts of 30 mouse deer in its collection. The breeding was being undertaken prior to the programme but it gained momentum in March 2011 when a customized enclosure was created with funding from Central Zoo Authority (CZA) for conservation of the endangered species.Now, the 360-acre zoo park is planning to expand the existing breeding facility by setting up a second enclosure that can house 50 mouse deer. The centre's estimated cost is being pegged at Rs 50 lakh. Zoo officials said that the centre would be fully equipped with not just the CCTVs for monitoring but a lot of plantations, small huts, sprinkler systems, and other amenities.Once the population of these nocturnal animals crosses from the existing 30 to 50, the authorities here plan to release some of them into the wild. This is likely to happen in a year or two. \"We will select areas where there was some mouse deer population earlier but has now disappeared. They will be released with transponders so that their movements can be tracked,\" said A Shankaran, curator, zoo park.Mouse deer are the smallest in the deer family and hence the name. Experts said that the life of mouse deer is short, spanning between four and five years. \"The number is going down considerably because of poaching. If the population increases, there will be more births. These animals have an important role to play in the wild,\" said an expert. He added that mouse deer also known as chevrotains are very timid and prefer hiding in dense vegetation. In the zoo's collection, there are six young ones, nine males and 15 females.CZA has also given the task of breeding the white-backed vulture in captivity to the Nehru Zoological Park. However, the vulture breeding programme is going slow as there has been no new addition in the vulture breeding centre so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069065", "title": "17-year-old girl killed in road mishap", "text": "JAIPUR: A 17-year-old girl was crushed to death by an over-speeding truck in the Mansarovar area on Friday when she was returning home from school on a bicycle.According to the police, the incident occurred around 1 pm at Patel Marg in Mansarovar.\"The victim, Somya Jain, was a resident of Agrawal Farm in the Mansarovar area. Her father is a journalist,\" said a police officer.The officer said that Jain was returning home on a bicycle from the school when a truck hit her near the Rastogi Gas Agency.\"She died on the spot. When passers-by rushed to catch the truck driver, he fled leaving the vehicle behind,\" said the officer.The police have handed over the girl's body to family members after conducting postmortem. A case has been registered against the truck driver for rash and negligent driving.Jaipur: A 17-year old girl retuning home from school on a bicycle were crushed to death by an over speeding truck in Mansarovar area on Friday.According to the police, the incident occurred around 1 pm at Patel Marg in Mansarovar.\"The deceased girl, Somya Jain, was a resident of Agrawal Farm in Mansarovar area. Her father is a journalist,\" said a police officer.The officer said that Jain was returning home on a bicycle from the school when a truck hit her near Rastogi Gas Agency.\"She died on the spot. When passers-by rushed to catch the truck driver, he fled leaving the vehicle behind,\" said the officer.The police have handed over the body to family members after conducting postmortem. A case has been registered against the truck driver for rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070451", "title": "Cops, passers-by foil theft attempt", "text": "PUNE: Personnel from the Dattawadi police station and two citizens foiled a robbery attempt on Sinhagad Road on Friday.An employee of a courier firm was travelling in a Mumbai-bound state transport bus with Rs 20 lakh. Two suspects, who were in the same bus, posed as policemen and forced the conductor to stop the bus. As soon as the bus stopped, the suspects snatched the bag from the courier employee and attempted to flee. The police nabbed one of the robbers after a hot chase.The suspect has been identified as Pramod Shivaji Bhoite (35) of Rajale village of Phaltan taluka in Satara district. Another suspect, Dhananjay Gangat Nimbalkar (30) of Phaltan Taluka in Satara district, was arrested by the Phaltan police on Friday evening. Kiran Bobade (27) currently residing at Guruwar Peth, but hailing from Phaltan, has lodged a complaint with the Dattawadi police station.Senior inspector Vijaysinh Gaikwad said, \"On Thursday the manager of the New Indian Courier firm in Shukrawar Peth asked Bobade to go to Mumbai with Rs 20 lakh,\" Gaikwad said.On Friday, Bobade boarded the Mumbai-bound bus from the Swargate bus depot around 8 am. When the bus came near Sarasbaug on Sinhagad Road, two men, who were sitting behind Bobade came near him and one of them began assaulting him. \"The other tried to get away with the sack containing the money,\" Gaikwad said.Bobade raised an alarm for help. When the bus conductor asked the duo to stop quarrelling, one of them told him that they were policemen and Bobade was a thief. \"The duo then forced the conductor to stop the bus and forced Bobade to get down from the bus,\" he said.Gaikwad said that their third accomplice was waiting near the bus with a two-wheeler. As soon as Bobade raised an alarm, the duo pushed him and attempted to flee with the bag. \"Bobade chased them,\" he said.Bobade alerted two passers-by, Avinash Bhokare and Vilas Khatpe. Bhokare and Khatpe too chased the suspects. In the meantime, sub-inspector Kedarnath Palve, police constables Uttam Vir, Kishore Shinde, Rajendra Bhagat attached to the Dattawadi police station reached the spot and joined the chase.On seeing the policemen, one of the suspects jumped into the nullah. The two men and the policemen also jumped in after him. \"After a few metres, the police and the two men managed to nab the suspect. The policemen also fished out the bag from the nullah,\" Gaikwad said.\"We have sent a team to Phaltan to trace the third suspect. We suspect the involvement of an insider in the robbery attempt,\" Gaikwad added.Meanwhile, commissioner of police Gulabrao Pol has announced a prize of Rs 25,000 for the Dattawadi police team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069684", "title": "Bharatiya Kisan Union leader files complaint against Congress workers", "text": "KANPUR: Bharatiya Kisan Union on Thursday filed a complaint with Farrukhabad Kotwali police against Congress workers for allegedly manhandling BKU activists and damaging vehicle belonging to the district president of the organisation.District president of BKU lodged a complaint with the Kotwali police, accusing Congressmen of manhandling BKU activists and damaging a vehicle on Thursday evening.The complaint stated that Congress workers thrashed BKU activists while they were going to take part in Arvind Kejriwal's rally in Awas Vikas area on Thursday afternoon.District president of Bharatiya Kisan Union Arvind Shakya had urged the district and police authorities to initiate action against Congressmen.The Kotwali police said that a complaint against district Congress president Aftab Husain, Anil Mishra and Kaushlendra Singh Yadav had been received. The matter is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17070963", "title": "Titanic safety man warned ship needed more boats", "text": "LONDON: The safety officer on the doomed liner Titanic had warned that the ship needed '50% more lifeboats' but his fears were suppressed , new explosive documents kept hidden for a century have revealed.Civil servant Maurice Clarke inspected the liner for lifeboats and safety equipment five hours before she left on her doomed maiden voyage 100 years ago. He made handwritten notes at the time in which he clearly stated the vessel, the largest ship afloat at the time of her maiden voyage , did not have enough lifeboats, The Telegraph reported on Friday.However, he wrote that if he made the recommendation official his job would be threatened as Titanic's owners had pressured his superiors into giving the illfated ship the all clear.The revelation of a cover-up has come to light for the first time in a century after Clarke's 'smoking gun' documents were made available for sale at auction. They show he boarded the vessel at 8am on April 10, 1912 to carry out his checks before granting Titanic a certificate to allow her to carry emigrant passengers.Under the heading 'boats' , he acknowledged it was not possible to double the number of lifeboats from 20 to 40 to cover 'all hands' due to cost and extra manning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17071268", "title": "Port trust makes Haldia U-turn in Calcutta HC", "text": "KOLKATA: The final act in the Kolkata Port Trust-HBT drama sprung a surprise on Friday , when KoPT told the Calcutta high court that it wants HBT to continue, just hours after its senior counsel moved the court for withdrawal of the petition to order the cargo handler to resume operations.Justice Sambuddha Chakrabarti accepted the KoPT's first petition around 12.30pm. Just five hours later, he was hearing another plea from the same port counsel to recall the order. The matter is expected to come up for hearing again on Monday. There is speculation that the KoPT management was ordered by the shipping ministry to make another effort to get HBT back on board. Another section believes that the state urged the port management not to allow HBT to leave in an abrupt manner as it may cause a law and order problem. By seeking permission to withdraw its application on Friday morning, the port counsel had indicated that the KoPT has accepted HBT's decision to withdraw. The port officials, however, maintained that it was a simple case of \"miscommunication\".\"There was no instruction to the senior counsel Biswarup Gupta to withdraw KoPT's application in connection with the writ petition filed by HBT,\" KoPT chairman-incharge Manish Jain said in a media release on Friday evening. On Wednesday, after HBT informed the KoPT of its pullout from Haldia, Jain had made it clear that the port doesn't accept the decision. He warned of punitive action if HBT terminates the agreement. Unless HBT compensates the KoPT for the financial losses suffered, the port wouldn't allow its equipment to be moved out, he had said.In such a charged backdrop, port officials were surprised when KoPT counsel Biswarup Gupta submitted before Justice Sambuddha Chakrabarti that the application for an order to HBT to resume operations had become infructuous as the company has informed the port it will not continue at HDC. He told the court that the matter now needs to be taken up before a different forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069139", "title": "Rajasthan Congress gears up for AICC changes, FDI rally", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress state president Chandrabhan on Friday said significant changes could be made in the All India Congress Committee (AICC) in the coming days.On being asked if the party affairs' in-charge for Rajasthan, Mukul Wasnik, could be replaced, Chandrabhan replied, \"If there is a new in-charge, we will welcome him too.\"The party's state president was addressing a press conference at the PCC headquarters here to inform about the preparations done for the political rally in New Delhi scheduled on November 4. The public rally has been called by the ruling Congress in support of the UPA-II government's decision to allow 100% FDI in retail sector.\"The chief minister and I have personally contacted at least 1,000 key Congress workers in the state to ensure maximum turnout for the rally. We are hoping to gather more than one lakh supporters from Rajasthan,\" Chandrabhan said.Besides arranging buses to carry the Congress supporters, the party has this time even booked railway coaches to ferry its workers for the rally. \"We have booked 40-50 railway coaches for our workers from different parts of the state,\" the party president said.Chandrabhan categorically said the party would keep a close watch on its key workers who gather the largest strength of supporters for the rally. \"It can be counted while deciding on distribution of the party tickets in the assembly elections next year. Those who bring more supporters will surely be at an advantage,\" he said.The president added that the party would be making a video of the supporters at strategic points to keep a record of who got the maximum number of supporters for the rally. \"Maximum supporters are expected from Jaipur, Bharatpur and Alwar (districts close to Delhi), but our workers will also be coming from far away districts like Udaipur, Jodhpur and Bikaner also,\" Chandrabhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17068932", "title": "Tiger sanctuaries back in biz; stakeholders happy", "text": "MYSORE: Tiger sanctuaries are abuzz with tourist activities with the apex court permitting safaris in only 20% of core areas.Since Sunday, tourists have started flocking to Bandipur tiger sanctuary, bringing smiles on the faces of officials who hitherto were worried about losses following a nationwide ban. Over 2,500 tourists have visited Bandipur sanctuary in the last five days.The Supreme Court decision banning safaris had left the officials of Bandipur sanctuary worried about revenue. More worried were those who indirectly depended on tourists -- resort owners, tourist operators and travel agents. The ban had also affected the livelihood of locals involved in petty business.\"I had planned to close my resort as tourists, particularly techies from Bangalore, had almost stopped holidaying here due to a ban on safaris. I can hope doing normal business now,\" said Vivekananda, owner of Kings Sanctuary resort on the fringes of Nagarahole National Park. \"Hundreds of people depending on eco- and wildlife tourism are heaving a sigh of relief,\" he said.Project Tiger director B J Hosmath said that the sanctuary has been witnessing a footfall of 300-400 since Sunday. \"There was less tourist inflow to tiger sanctuaries during Dasara. But it has picked up now,\" he said, adding that they will resume the safari at Rajiv Gandhi National Park (Nagarahole sanctuary) soon.\"Even we have thrown open the cottages at Bandipur for tourists. Safaris will augur well with tourist activities, and bring in some revenue to fund-starved sanctuaries,\" he said, and added: \"Though the SC has said that we should restrict safris to 20% of the core area, we are only utilizing 15%.\" Mysore region has three sanctuaries, of which Bandipur and Nagarahole are popular destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069590", "title": "GB Patnaik appointed Lucknow University vice-chancellor", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh governor BL Joshi on Friday appointed his principal secretary GB Patnaik as an officiating vice-chancellor of Lucknow University, a day after the tenure of incumbent Prof Manoj Mishra came to an end.The 1978 batch IAS officer is likely to hold the charge till his retirement due in March 2013.The Raj Bhawan in its order said that Patnaik will hold the charge for a maximum tenure of six months or till further order.The appointment, the order said, has been done since the search committee has not been able to select a regular VC. The search committee, which should be constituted three months before completion of tenure of incumbent VC, comprises university's executive council, a high court judge and UP governor. But the committee was never constituted.Patnaik will be the 38th VC and the third bureaucrat to occupy the top academic chair in the history of the 90-year-old university. Before him, Ashok Kumar Mustafi (1973-75) and Girija Prasad Pandey (1981-82) had been the vice-chancellor of the prestigious state university. Speaking to reporters, Patnaik, after taking charge said that until now his role was restricted to being a facilitator. \"But now, it is the question of responsibility,\" he said and added that the interests of students will be his utmost priority.Outgoing VC, Prof Mishra, whose three-year tenure saw a host of controversies including anomalies in admission procedure for academic session 2012-13, said that he tried his level best to manage the university's affairs. \"But, I apologise, if there were any mistakes on my part,\" he told a gathering of teachers, university employees and students.Patnaik's elevation also came a day after Lucknow University Teachers Association expressed its reservation over positing an IAS officer as VC as it moralizes the teaching fraternity.\"This is the top position that an academician gets in his/her lifetime. Even if that is given to an IAS, then what remains with the academicians,\" said a Luta member.University teachers said that instead of education and student welfare, it were issues pertaining to administration and finances that ruled the roost.\"Administration is just a part of the overall performance of a VC. First and foremost comes students' interest and upliftment of educational standards,\" said a LU teacher. As a norm, the senior most professor of the university should be given the charge of VC. In LU's case, Prof AK Sengupta of the department of economics happens to be the senior most faculty member. However, Sengupta declined to take up the responsibility, sources said.For some, on the other hand, elevation of Patnaik to the post meant better administrative coordination and networking, which may bail out the university from a number of legal issues in which the institution found itself entangled in last few years. Professor Sudhir Kumar of Lucknow university said that appointment of Patnaik as VC of University of Lucknow is of critical importance at this juncture. Being the principal secretary to the Governor he is well aware of university functioning and problems of academics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17071173", "title": "Stay order on NBW against Dhayanidhi extended", "text": "MADURAI: The stay order of the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on the non-bailable warrant against Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi continues till November 21.The magistrate court in Melur, on October 15, issued a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against Dayanidhi, who is also the grandson of former chief minister and DMK chief M Karunanidhi in the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying issue in Madurai.Dhayanidhi and his partner, S Nagarajan, of Olympus Granites Private Ltd have been charged of causing a revenue loss of Rs 44 crore through illegal granite mining in Melur block.The case against Dhayanidhi was registered on a complaint given by the village administrative officer of Keezhavalavu under Sections 379 (theft) and 447 (trespass) of the IPC, besides invoking provisions of the Mines and Minerals Act and Tamil Nadu Public Properties (Prevention of Damages and Loss) Act.Dhayanidhi filed a bail petition before the Madurai bench, which was heard by Justice N Mathivanan on September 25. However, it was dismissed.Police had alerted the immigration authorities to help them in preventing Dhayanidhi and other accused from leaving the country. The company's bank accounts have also already been frozen.On October 2, police questioned the relatives of M K Alagiri in connection with their search for Dhayanidhi.Meanwhile, the Melur judicial magistrate Jayakumar issued the NBW, on a petition from the police, who had formed 15 special teams to nab Dhayanidhi. Following this, he filed a petition before the Madurai bench seeking to quash the NBW.In his petition, the petitioner contended that the magistrate had no powers to issue the NBW while the anticipatory bail application by him was pending before the high court and this is transgressing into the powers of the HC.The petition was heard by the Justice T Mathivanan on October 18, who passed interim orders staying the order of the magistrate court up to November 2. The judge also directed the government to file a counter to Durai's plea to quash the NBW and case against him in the granite mining scam.The stay order came to end on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17071040", "title": "EC orders summary revision in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: A four-member Congress delegation, led by state general secretary Luizinho Faleiro, met a full bench of the Election Commission (EC) and submitted documents of alleged duplication of name and false enrollment in the electoral roll for the assembly polls, scheduled forJanuary. The delegation demanded an inquiry into the allegations.The EC issued a direction to restart summary revision, which concluded on October 19 last after the meeting with the Congress delegation on Thursday.Tripura Congress spokesperson Ratan Chakraborty said the EC expressed concern after seeing the documents of 27 assembly constituencies where the same voters had been enrolled in different booths. Many fake names have also been enrolled in some constituencies and the same photographs have been used in different names. He said the EC has assured a high level team would investigate the matter soon. tnnMeanwhile, the EC suspended the scheduled exercise of claims and objections on electoral roll on Thursday and issued direction for fresh enrollment in the electoral roll. The process of fresh enrollment will be carried out across the state from November 2 to 14 next, said chief electoral officer Ashotosh Jindal. He added with EC's fresh instructions, eligible voters will get an opportunity to enroll in the electoral roll.CPI-M state secretary Bijan Dhar, however, rubbished the allegation and said there was no false enrollment in the summary revision, but Congress had tried to defer the scheduled assembly election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069294", "title": "Many colonies may not be eligible for regularization", "text": "JAIPUR: Relaxations provided by the state government during the 'Prashan Shero Ke Sang' to regularize colonies may not cheer up many staying in unregularized colonies as the residents will continue to be deprived of basic facilities.According to a senior official of the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), after the state government provided the relaxation, the scope of regularizing the colonies may have increased but many may not be eligible.Housing colonies falling under the ecological zone will not be regularized during the camps. Similarly, colonies developed on JDA and RHB land will continue to be deprived of basic facilities such as roads and drainage till they get permission from state government. \"To seek directions, we approached state government for regularizing such colonies. However, the plot owners can submit the record during the camps,\" the official said.Officials also said the JDA will distribute around 20,000 land deeds during the camps. So far in the preparation camps, around 6,500 applications have been received. \"Land owners can deposit the applications at the citizen care centre (CCC) at JDA if they miss to deposit applications during the camps,\" the official said.The state government recently has given relaxation to regularize colonies facing difficulties since long and not developed as per the building planning committee (BPC) norms. To get regularized, it is necessary for the developer to reserve 40% area as facility area for parks and roads among others.Another official said that the JDA will try to regularize other colonies soon. \"We are trying to resolve the cases of houses having multiple land leases,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17069418", "title": "'Molester' father kills wife in rage, arrested", "text": "GURGAON: A man has been arrested on the charge of killing his wife on Thursday night in Durga Colony, Sohna. A police source said that the accused was trying to molest his 15-year-old daughter and his wife resisted that. Preliminary probe revealed that the accused had killed his second wife and that and his first wife lived in some other city.The accused, identified as Ramesh Kumar, a native of Bihar, was living in a rented accommodation with his wife Kamlesh and three children while his first wife lives with her two children in Sahsabad in Bihar.Late on Thursday, Ramesh reached home in a drunken state and a heated argument ensued. The police source said Kamlesh had tried to stop him when the accused was trying to molest his 15-year-old daughter. Ramesh hit her on the head with a heavy stone. Her neighbours took her to the nearest private hospital, but she died in hospital. The house owner, Hariram Sarpanch, informed police but the accused had fled.\"We have lodged an FIR against Ramesh under Section 302 of IPC. It is gathered that Ramesh was not a good father. We will arrest the accused as early as possible,\" said sub-inspector Nagendra, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17068550", "title": "Mumbai, Salgaocar in battle of coaches", "text": "PUNE: Mumbai FC will play on 'home' turf for the first time this season when they take on Salgaocar at Pune's Balewadi Stadium on Saturday and Khalid Jamil's side will hope that the venue will give them reason for cheer and more importantly, their first points in the I-League.Sitting rather uncomfortably at 13th place on the table - just one spot above fellow city team Air India , the Mumbai FC defence has shipped in 9 goals and it's a trend they are going to have to buck as soon as possible before the bigger clubs around them find a pattern.The fixture also throws a very interesting sub-plot with the coaches for central characters. Staurday will be Englishman David Booth's first game incharge as Salgaocar coach after the Goan side and Karim Bencherifa parted ways. Booth was Mumbai FC's first coach with Jamil for an understudy as skipper when the club was launched in 2007. Booth's departure to Mahindra two seasons later saw Jamil take over and the young coach has tasted both, highs and lows with the club. In fact it wouldn't be a surprise if this reunion as opponents has a strong bearing on the outcome of the game rather than just pasing away as an interesting anecdote.In Salgaocar, Mumbai FC have opponents who haven't had a win either but two draws and a close defeat in three games means they do have reason to believe in coming back to Goa with three points.Jamil will draw encouragement from the fact that despite conceding heavily, Mumbai FC have managed to score in all games. The much awaited arrival of Ghanaian Yusif Yakubu was justified by the striker when he scored on his Mumbai FC debut against his former club Churchill Brothers last week. The hosts will be without midfielder Evans Quao who was rather harshly sent off against Churchill and Jamil doesn't possess a bench to match first-team choices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068788", "title": "Bhopal-Mumbai Volvo bus service launched", "text": "BHOPAL: For those planning to visit Mumbai, there is some good news. Now, they needn't rely only on trains or flights for the festive season. A Volvo bus service from Bhopal to Mumbai has been launched on Friday. The bus will depart for Mumbai at 4.30 pm every day from the Board Office crossing.The bus service was inaugurated by BJP state president Prabhat Jha on Friday. Besides, other party members and BDA officials were present.Packed with a lot of luxury features, the bus will take 13 hours to reach the destination. The AC sleeper coach has an LCD TV and green toilet. The fare for the journey will be Rs 1,900. For the upcoming festive season, it has been kept at Rs 1,500.The bus would begin from the Board Office crossing and Halalpur bus stand and reach Mumbai via Nasik the next morning. Similarly, the bus would leave Mumbai at 6 pm and reach Bhopal the next morning at 9 am.There is a provision of online booking for the bus. Besides, passengers could call on 0755-4203238, 7509062258 and 7509062252 for booking their seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073585", "title": "Ram Charan to remake Chiranjeevi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Khaidi", "text": "Ever since the news of remaking yesteryear blockbuster film Khadi (starring megastar Chiranjeevi) surrounded the film nagar, fans have been waiting with baited breath to see which actor shall reprise Chiru. After Thandra Ramesh bagging the remake rights, fresh reports say that Chiranjeevi's son and mega power star Ram Charan shall star in the remake version to be directed by Hairsh Shankar.Buzz is that Ram Charan and Harish Shankar would team up to work on the modern version of Khadi to be produced by Thandra Ramesh. An official confirmation is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069501", "title": "Hawk eyes to keep vigil in Ganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to keep close tab on deteriorating law and order situation in the city, the Lucknow police has decided to install CCTV cameras in Hazratganj on a full-time basis. The police are in the process of laying down a network of 7 to 8 cameras at strategic locations across the prime stretch, which are expected to go live in a day or two. Hazratganj will be the first location in the state to have 24x7 'virtual vigilance' henceforth, on the lines of Noida where cameras have been installed at some important places.Initially, the area between multi-level parking area and Halwasiya market in Hazratganj will be covered. Till now CCTVs were temporarily put at important or sensitive locations, during crucial events such as annual traffic drive or community processions. \"This will be the first time that the Lucknow police will get equipped with CCTV vigilance round the clock once the system gets operational,\" confirmed SSP Lucknow RK Chaturvedi.This will be the first time when police would operate cameras on permanent basis for better and constant monitoring of the most prime street of the city, which has been witness to shootouts as well as petty crimes every now and then. The network of cameras will help police control cases of eve-teasing, snatching, vehicle theft, apart from being a major resource in traffic management.In days to come, the police are planning to extend the scope of the camera network to regulate unauthorised parking too. \"The system could be also used to announce the registration number of wrongly parked vehicles through a chain of speakers or loudspeakers, going forward, and will help us immensely,\" said SP (Traffic) Arvind Sen.The control room comprising digital video recorders relaying the visuals will be scanned by traffic and wireless cells of Lucknow police. The control room is expected to operate from Hazratganj police station.The idea was earlier floated under former DGP Vikram Singh's tenure in 2008, but could not take off. After becoming the chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav had announced that CCTV cameras will be installed at important locations across the state. Hazratganj has been picked up to test the waters. In June this year, an ice-cream vendor was shot opposite DRM office in Hazratganj, which reinforced the need to have round the clock vigil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "17071217", "title": "Kerala trains come to aid of poultry farmers", "text": "NAMAKKAL: Despite intervention at the ministerial level, the impasse over transport of eggs from Tamil Nadu to Kerala is yet to be resolved. Over three crore eggs are stuck at 13 checkposts on the border in Coimbatore and Tirupur for the past four days. Worried over the losses, poultry farmers are now loading eggs in batches on Kerala-bound trains to markets there. \"We don't know what to do and we are facing losses amounting to 3 crore daily,\" said P Nallathambi, president of the Tamil Nadu Poultry Farmers Association.He told TOI that TN ministers as well as the chief secretary had spoken to counterparts in Kerala on Thursday to lift the ban on poultry products. \"Although the animal husbandry officials are convinced, officials at the checkposts are yet to allow our trucks to cross the border.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "17069230", "title": "Govt machineries, not Naxals, sabotaging system in Gadchiroli", "text": "Gadchiroli: Three decades of Naxal violence in Gadchiroli may have led to substantial loss of life and property. But, today, if the district is seen to be in a perpetual state of backwardness it is because the state government's machineries have gone into sleep mode. This was evident from TOI's extensive tour of the district last week.With the focus of the central and state government remaining on tackling the Naxal menace, development of the district has taken a complete back seat even though RR Patil, as guardian minister, has appeared hands-on. Visits by Union ministers like P Chidambaram , Jairam Ramesh , chief minister Prithviraj Chavan among others too seems to have not shaken up the paralysed administration.Various people in Gadchiroli TOI interacted with felt that government apathy is keeping the district in the dark ages. Education, health, irrigation, agriculture and other government sectors are in an alarming state of limbo. If Naxal bullets and blasts have attributed to the stunted growth in the district, the government's story too is replete with inefficiency, vacancies, absenteeism, corruption and other malpractices.There seems to be no policy and no planning. It has resulted in huge frustration at the grass-root level where the villagers are pulled apart by the opposing forces of Naxals and police.Anti-corruption crusader Chandrashekar Bharange, who is the district president of the Bhrastachar Virodhi Jan Andolan, said schemes which have got sanctioned for the tribal population \"have actually ended up benefiting the government officials and a section of the implementing machineries at different level\". \"You cannot tackle Naxalism with schemes. It needs dialogue,\" said the Anna Hazare supporter.Kamal Kishore Khobragade, another social activist, said that the development of Gadchiroli has been swept away by \"misappropriation and malpractices\" in government departments. \"Naxal-police face-offs may have triggered some losses, the role played by corruption is no less,\" he said.The activist had a very serious allegation to make. \"Some government officials in connivance with political leaders have misappropriated most of the schemes and the targeted beneficiaries have remained where they are,\" said Khobragade. \"Departments like forest and revenue are the most affected ones where several irregularities can be found out at any given point of time,\" he added.Armori MLA Anandrao Gedam, a Congressman, said the lack of coordination between elected representatives and officials have led to the chaos. \"Our opinion is not sought at the planning or implementation stages. Later we learn that the work has been done at a wrong place,\" he said.District collector Abhishek Krishna, while giving several practised answers, admitted that the inefficiency of a section of personnel has affected the working of the government machineries. \"Who are to be blamed when key posts are kept vacant, he asked.Krishna added either probationers or officials who are at the fag end of their career are being posted to Gadchiroli. \"Officials use their clout to stop transfers here or prefer to remain here for long periods,\" he said. \"Some officers are sent here on undeclared punishments.\"Another senior level official, not wanting to be named, blasted Mantralaya for all the happenings. \"Why aren't IAS and IFS officers not given special Naxal pay like their IPS counterparts when their risk is no less,\" he asked. He also pointed out that the implementation of government resolution (GR) stating that choice postings would be done after working in Naxal affected areas has remained only on paper.\"The government is dumping schemes in Gadchiroli but there are no officials to implement it,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068855", "title": "State ignores Neemuch administration letter, goes ahead with food park project", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government has ignored a letter of the Neemuch district administration and gone ahead with its proposal to set up a food and agriculture park on a 150-acre land in the district. The land reportedly houses mineral deposits worth Rs 2500 crores.The district administration had alerted the state government in its letter dated on December 4, 2010 to the secretary, commerce and industry department that the Dhamania, Soniayana, Jhanjharwada villages in the Neemuch district are rich in laterite.The letter, a copy of which is in the possession of TOI, states that the mining officer of Neemuch district administration has clearly has requested the state government to spare the land from using it as food and agriculture park. The district administration in its letter has estimated the worth of laterite at Rs 2,500 crore.A Neemuch-based social activist Chandrashekhar Gaud has filed an application with district collector requesting him to review the government's decision of setting the food and agriculture park on the mineral rich land. \"The mineral is rare across the world, and the situation is same in India too,\" said Gaud adding that Madhya Pradesh, despite knowing about the laterite deposit has conveniently ignored to develop the area and reap benefits so that it can reap benefit for the people of the state.\"We are not against the investors whom the state government has been planning to woo,\" he said adding that the investment should not be at the cost of the state resources.Neemuch collector Lokesh Kumar Jatav said he was unaware about any such letter written by his predecessor. However, he confirmed that land in question covering 150-acre land has already given for the park. \"Process is on for acquiring other areas too,\" he added.When asked as to why the land has been given despite its minerals richness, Jatav said the food park will also help the state in the development. When he was asked why not get the benefit of both the things, minerals and food park as well with shifting the park somewhere else, he refused to comment. The minister for mining Rajendra Shukla said he was not aware about any letter from the district administration on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070412", "title": "Youth dies after assault, two arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chandkheda police arrested a father and son on Friday in connection with an assault last month. The duo were earlier involved in chain snatching incidents, said investigators.According to Chandkheda police, Manishsingh Bihola alias Montu, 19, a resident of Veljibhai ni chali, Chandkheda, had an altercation with Subhash Devichand, his neighbour over garbage thrown near their residence on October 9 evening. An enraged Devichand and his son Vikas assaulted Montu at his residence.\"Montu was stabbed six or seven times after which he was rushed to a private hospital for treatment in Chandkheda. The assailants were absconding since the incident. Meanwhile, Montu died earlier this week, after which we converted the case to murder. Devichand and his son have been caught in connection wtih the case,\" said A G Gohil, inspector of Chandkheda police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073845", "title": "Lucas to donate money to charity from $4b Disney deal", "text": "George Lucas , who is selling his firm Lucasfilm to Disney for a staggering 4 billion dollars, has apparently decided to donate the vast majority of that money to charity.According to the Hollywood Reporter , the legendary 'Star Wars' creator plans to put the money into a foundation that focuses on educational issues, a cause close to his heart , Fox News reported.A spokesperson said that \"George Lucas has expressed his intention, in the event the deal closes, to donate the majority of the proceeds to his philanthropic endeavors.\"\"For 41 years, the majority of my time and money has been put into the company. As I start a new chapter in my life, it is gratifying that I have the opportunity to devote more time and resources to philanthropy,\" Lucas said in a statement on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073499", "title": "JLo's made Casper sign confidentiality agreement", "text": "Jennifer Lopez's boyfriend Casper Smart is legally bound to keep their relationship under wraps, as he signed a confidentiality agreement when he started working with her, it has been revealed.The 43-year-old superstar and the 25-year-old backup dancer began dating a few months after the Latin diva separated from her third husband Marc Anthony in July 2011.Lopez, who is still contending with legal battles from her yearlong marriage to former spouse OjNoa, is not at all interested in getting litigious with lovers again.The star is not naive about where things could lead should her romance with Casper become embittered.\"Casper signed a non-disclosure/confidentiality agreement when he began working for Jennifer Lopez , as she requires all of her employees to do,\" News.com.au quoted a source as telling Radar Online.\"Jen has been around long enough to know that anyone she dates could possibly turn on her and choose to go to the press if the relationship sours.\"Casper had absolutely no qualms about signing the agreement, and has told Jen on multiple occasions that even if he didn't work for her, he would have signed the contract. Jen loves him even more for that,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069149", "title": "Rs 1.5 lakh alimony to woman as \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccouple lived king-size\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an interim order, Delhi high court has awarded a sum of Rs 1.25 crore in arrears and Rs 1.5 lakh monthly maintenance to a woman under the prevention of Domestic Violence Act.Justice P K Bhasin gave the verdict, taking into account the kind of lifestyle the woman has got accustomed to due to the \"lavish and extravagant life\" led by the couple. The court further asked the magistrate hearing the case of the woman to consider her claims afresh for final maintenance and other relief.HC awarded the sum after rejecting the plea of the husband that he is a \"poor\" son of wealthy parents. HC went by two letters written by the husband admitting that he had been paying Rs 1.5 lakh as \"pocket money\" to his wife and trashed his plea that it was a typing error and the amount, in fact, was Rs 15,000.\"...the claim that it was a typing mistake appears to be an afterthought as the error could be committed once, but not twice and that too after the gap of a month,\" the court said, brushing aside the husband's plea.The woman, who married the man in 2004 and had gone to Australia, New Zealand and Thailand for honeymoon, later filed a complaint under the DV Act against him and his family members in 2007 and claimed relief, including monthly maintenance. Appearing for the woman, senior advocate Geeta Luthra had argued that the award granted by the lower court was too meagre. She sought a higher monthly maintenance of Rs 1.5 lakh on the ground that the husband himself had claimed paying that amount.Justice Bhasin disposed of two separate petitions filed by the man and his wife against various lower court orders, and pointed out that the husband \"admittedly has been living a very lavish and extravagant life along with his wife and had been visiting many countries because of which his wife too must have become used to that kind of lifestyle... So, the wife deserves to be compensated reasonably and the amount of Rs 10,000 per month offered on his behalf can by no stretch of imagination be considered to be reasonable amount of interim maintenance these days\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17071135", "title": "Lecture on Bhupen's death anniv", "text": "GUWAHATI: Krishna Kanta Handiqui State Open University (KKHSOU) and the directorate of information and public relations along with the directorate of cultural affairs will organize the first Dr Bhupen Hazarika Memorial Lecture on the occasion of his first death anniversary on November 5 at Rabindra Bhawan in the city.The lecture will be delivered by Sunit Tandon, director general of Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC), New Delhi on 'Reflections on the State of Television News in India'. The programme will be inaugurated by chief minister Tarun Gogoi.State cultural affairs minister Pranati Phukan and information and public relations minister Basanta Das will also grace the occasion as guests of honour. Vice-chancellor of KKHSOU, Srinath Baruah, will preside over the function. The memorial lecture will be followed by a cultural programme.The state is gearing up for the first death anniversary of balladeer and legendary singer Bhupen Hazarika on November 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068781", "title": "Jaipur lifts the winner\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s trophy at inter-campus youth festival", "text": "BHOPAL: The fifth inter-campus youth festival in Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan (RSKS) Bhopal campus concluded on Friday. Jaipur was awarded the winner's trophy as it won the most number of medals, 43. Bhopal stood fourth with 11 medals including four golds.On the concluding day, Jaipur boys stood first in the volleyball and kabaddi while Shringeri girls won the gold medal in Kho-Kho. The colourful closing ceremony was held at the Bharat Rang Mandpam.Concluding day witnessed competitions of rangoli, quiz and yoga.In his welcome address, principal RSKS, Bhopal campus professor Azad Mishra talked about the life and work at the institute. He also talked about opening a campus in Chhattisgarh. Registrar, RSKS, New Delhi professor KB Subbarayudu, on the occasion, presented the annual report of the institute. Vice-chancellor Barkatullah University, professor Nisha Dubey said RSKS is helping the university through its contribution in the field of Sanskrit education. Union minister of state for agriculture, Dr. Charan Das Mahant was the Chief guest at the ceremony.Bhopal stood fourth with 11 medals including four golds/.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069255", "title": "457 Nagpur University colleges without principals, 322 without regular lecturers", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University and its affiliated colleges maybe under scanner for deteriorating quality of education but both of them are hardly doing anything to improve the situation. Despite clear UGC guidelines about mandatory presence of regular principals and lecturers in the colleges, a majority of colleges under NU are doing without either of them. Out of 822 affiliated colleges, over 450 are without full time principals and 322 without even a single lecturer, according to university's own reply to a Senate query by Sunil Sakharkar. NU PRO stated that since the question was asked in the Senate meeting, the higher officials will respond to it on Saturday.Many of NU's own departments are operating without a regular full-time head or teachers, NU sources informed. On Sakharkar's query as to whether any action was taken against these colleges, NU only said they were asked from time to time to fill up vacant posts. NU administration also failed to answer his other query regarding permission to open new institutions granted to management that are operating colleges without full-time principal and lecturers.Management Council member Mahendra Nimbarte slammed the administration for bowing to pressure of private colleges and acting as per whims and fancies instead of taking action. \"Ultimately it is reflected in poor ratings by National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). A majority of these colleges belong to politicians and it is not new for them to flout norms,\" he lamented.He revealed that NU had okayed 139 new colleges since 2009 and a majority of them were to those managements already running colleges without full time principals, teachers and adequate infrastructure. \"We demand that NU should deal strictly with them, stop their admissions and cancel their affiliation,\" he said.The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court comprising justices BH Marlapalle and Ambadas Joshi, in a landmark verdict on a suo motu PIL dated December 3, 2008, had directed the Maharashtra government and all state universities to ensure filling up of the posts of principals/directors in all colleges before May 31, 2009. After this, some efforts were made to improve the situation as NU blacklisted 341 colleges operating without principals and also banning their first year admissions from 2010-2011 academic session. But private colleges moved the Supreme Court which granted relief to them.The apex court however made it clear that though no time frame could be set to appoint full time principals and lecturers, the process of their appointment should continue in the interest of students, as their absence may affect quality of education. Even those guidelines are not being followed that resulted in increased in number of such erring colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "", "code": "17069152", "title": "Flyovers to the rescue as moon plays hide &amp; seek", "text": ": The thick smog descending on the city on Friday upset thousands of women observing karva chauth, as the moon was barely visible. Many couples waited for the moon to shine over their rooftops for hours before thronging flyovers and elevated roads to perform the rituals.Surekha Ahuja and her husband Arvind are Jangpura Extension residents. The couple went to the Defence Colony flyover to break the fast. \"The moon was not visible from our house. We waited for half an hour but couldn't see it. Then we decided to come to the flyover, as it was at a height. Also, I had a headache and was feeling unwell due to the smog,\" said Surekha, dressed in a green sari.For Pavitra (23), it was her first karva chauth. And she, too, broke it over the Def Col flyover. \"I never imagined that I will break my fast on a flyover. But the moon wasn't visible from our house. My mother-in law is a diabetic, and she wasn't feeling well as we waited for hours for the moon to shine. We had to look for a point from where the moon was visible, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069502", "title": "Gujrat woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murderers wanted to kill her aide, steal his car: Police", "text": "MUMBAI: A police probe into the abduction and murder of Gujarat resident Bharati Jaiswal (50) revealed that the accused had also intended to bump off her friend, Jaydeep Patel, and steal his car.Jaiswal and Patel drove down from Vadodara in connection with some business deal on October 26. The woman was later killed and her body dumped in Kanjurmarg.After reaching Mumbai, the duo put up at a guest house in Borivli. A waiter named Raju introduced them to three men\u00e2\u20ac\u201dSalim, Jayaram and Gauda\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand said they could help them in their business deal. However, the trio abducted the duo and took them to Dindoshi, where they thrashed Jaiswal to death.\"Patel told us that the men detained him in Dindoshi till midnight on October 26 and went to dump Jaiswal's body in Kanjurmarg. The accused had already robbed Patel of his gold ring, gold chain and Rs 15,000 in cash. They then demanded another Rs 50,000 from him,\" said ACP Sunil Deshmukh. \"Patel did not have so much money and said he would ask his relatives in Gujarat to deposit the sum in his bank account. He would then withdraw the money from an ATM and hand it over to them. The accused wanted to leave Maharashtra as soon as possible. So, they got into Patel's Skoda, bundled him into the backseat and took the Agra highway.\"On the way, Patel requested them to halt at an ATM in Nashik. The accused replied that they would stop in Dhulia or Indore instead. However, they halted only at a dhaba in Jhansi for dinner. \"One of the accused, Salim, drove the Skoda all the way from Mumbai and was very tired. He said Patel would take over after dinner. On the pretext of washing his hands, Patel escaped from the dhaba, got into his car and drove towards Rajasthan. He then travelled to his Gujarat home before coming to Mumbai on October 30 to get an FIR registered,\" an official said.The police learned that Salim lost his savings and house due to gambling and was desperately in need of money. While Salim ran a poultry business, Gauda and Jayaram worked in restaurants. The cops are checking if they have any criminal record.\"We are questioning Raju to ascertain his exact role in the episode and whether he was aware of the abduction plan. Raju claims that he was sent back from Dindoshi and has no knowledge of what happened after that,\" an official said.The police also plan to carry out a DNA test on Jaiswal to confirm her identity as her body is fully decomposed. Samples have been taken from her son, Devang. Patel has been asked by the cops to get his car from Gujarat for an examination.Meanwhile, Patel said in his statement that Jaiswal ran a prostitution racket in Gujarat and was in Mumbai to procure girls for the trade. The local police said they would verify this claim with their counterparts in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069399", "title": "Mouse deer found in Mayem bathroom", "text": "PANAJI: A mouse deer was found inside the bathroom of Sandeep Desai at Gaonkarwada in Mayem of Bicholim taluka. Desai has handed over the mouse deer, India's smallest deer and locally known as pisoi, to Amrutsingh of animal rescue squad at Bicholim.The animal was later released in the jungle. Speaking to TOI, Amrutsingh said, \"It is protected as scheduled-I species under Wildlife Protection Act. But it is seldom seen since it is being hunted by man for flesh. Antlers are absent in this species.\"\"Increasing mining activities have disturbed the natural habitat of the pisoi. We caught it inside the bathroom thinking it was a hare,\" said Desai.\"Gaonkarwada, a hamlet of Mayem, once had patches of deciduous forests. However, as soon as the iron-ore excavation began, the natural habitats of carnivorous as well as herbivorous wild animals were destroyed and this has resulted in displacing them. Since last 6 years we have rescued many wild animals in this area,\" said Amrutsingh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17070135", "title": "Navi Mumbai in the dark for nine hours", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A power shutdown between 9am and 6pm affected parts of Vashi, Turbhe, MIDC industrial zone and APMC market due to repair work carried in the Thane region.The Vashi police station had to go without electricity for a few hours. \"There was a power cut for nearly nine hours in various commercial and residential areas,\" said a senior official of Transmission Company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069131", "title": "Pigs nibble on infant's body outside hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: Pigs nibbled away the body of an infant outside a government hospital in Pratapgarh on Friday.The hospital authorities, earlier, preferred to keep mum than pulling up officials responsible for the incident. Later in the evening, the hospital authorities claimed that they have nothing to with the incident as it is the act of an outsider.Pratapgarh government hospital's principal medical officer Dr Shankar Pratihar said, \"We have inquired into the matter and found that somebody from outside threw the body of the newborn male child on the hospital premises. It has nothing to do with the hospital. We do not know who threw the body of the baby on the hospital's campus.\"He said they have lodged an FIR against unidentified persons. The postmortem of the body was also conducted. The weight of the newborn baby was 1.2 kg.Early on Friday morning, patients and their attendants spotted that some pigs were nibbling the body of a baby on the hospital premises. Police and people present on the spot saved the body from the pigs. The police are investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17071427", "title": "BBMP gets an earful from high court over garbage", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Friday pulled up the BBMP for failing to resolve Bangalore's garbage woes. This is the second rap that the civic body has received in 20 days.\"Who is asking you to save money ? Save the city,'' a division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen said when BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel mentioned that the new garbage tender proposals would entail a saving of about Rs 200 crore a year. The court directed the commissioner to file a status report by November 5.The court held out a stringent warning: it would not hesitate to supersede the BBMP council if it found corporators interfering in the tendering process.\"People are running out of patience ,'' the chief justice observed.However, when GR Mohan, one of the petitioners, insisted that the Palike should be superseded for its failure to find a solution, the bench asked him who should be put in charge instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069188", "title": "Maharashtra mulls change in bar timings, archaic police laws", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is in the process of reviewing archaic laws that the police have been employing to bust patrons while they enjoy a night out on the town. Minister of state (home) Satej Patil told TOI on Friday that the government has already held two inter-departmental meetings\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe latest on September 19\u00e2\u20ac\u201dduring which discussions were held on licensing and timings for individuals to drink at bars, restaurants and clubs. Talks were also held on whether norms should be eased for requiring patrons to have drinking permits.Officials also discussed the need to precisely define offences listed in the outdated Bombay Police Act. Currently, Mumbaikars are frequently fined for obscenity, behaving indecently in public, disorderly conduct and indecent language under Section 110 of the Act, which doesn't clearly define the infractions. Changes to the Criminal Procedure Code are also being discussed.TOI has been running a campaign for the past several months to get the government to review and amend outdated laws.Patil is also seeking a relaxation in the deadlines for restaurants along national highways and in certain zones of cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad. The restaurant deadline in Mumbai is presently 1.30am, smaller twons and cities midnight and districts 10pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "17069695", "title": "No driving in dark along Sidhwan Canal", "text": "SOUTH CITY: The road along Sidhwan Canal that leads to South City and Country Homes is lit again. Starting from Ferozepur Road, the stretch had witnessed many accidents in the past in absence of street lights. The move followed The Times of India's frequent reports on the issue. \"The road has many bumps on it and in the absence of street lights, driving along the canal was risky. Bringing the problem to the notice of the authorities was an important initiative by this paper,\" says businessman Rajiv Aggarwal, who resides in this posh locality of the city.Another resident and architect Tanvi Duggal says driving home in the evening had been risky as most of the street light didn't function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "puttur", "code": "17070654", "title": "Krishi mela gets off to a grand start", "text": "PUTTUR: The three-day 'Krishi Yantra Mela - 2012', a farmer's convention and exhibition of modern farming machineries, got underway at Vivekananda College of Engineering and Technology, here on Friday.Hundreds thronged for the exhibition, which was held under the aegis of Arecanut Research and Development Foundation, Campco Limited and Vivekananda College of Engineering and Technology. Sri Kshetra Dharmastala dharmadhikar D Veerendra Heggade inaugurated the mela.Veerendra Heggade appreciated the objectives of the mela, which was organizsed to support farmers to increase productivity through low-cost technology. \"It is necessary to innovate and invent implements, machinery and gadgets that suit the budget of agriculturists. Such innovators among agriculturists should necessarily be identified and recognized, he added.He called on the agriculturists community to come forward to participate in large numbers so as to benefit from the mela.Campco Limited president Konkody Padmanabha said that it was the dream of the company to provide impetus to farmers through providing a good price for arecanut.MP Nalin Kumar Kateel, deputy speaker in Assembly N Yogish Bhat, MLA Mallika Prasad Bhandary, SCDCC Bank chairman MN Rajendra Kumar and Secretary to Govt of India and Member ( Finance), Atomic Energy Commission VV Bhat were present.Features of the MelaThe mela will showcase implements, machinery and gadgets that are of interest to farmers. Seminars as well as talks and demonstrations regarding innovative agricultural implements/ home appliances/bee-keeping accessories from countries such as China and Israel are on the display. Opportunities will be provided to students of engineering colleges situated in areas, where arecanut is a grown, to showcase agricultural machinery designed by them. The best will also be awarded. In addition, agricultural machinery designed and developed by progressive agriculturists will also be displayed. Banking loans will also be arranged for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17068991", "title": "Parking on Oppanakkara St limited to shoppers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police have requested merchants in Oppanakkara Street not to park their vehicles on the busy stretch as heavy rush of Diwali shoppers is expected in the coming days.Police have asked owners and employees of the shops to make their own parking arrangements for their two-wheelers, paving way for the shoppers to park their vehicles on the busy stretch.\"The merchants in Oppanakkara Street have agreed not to park their vehicles on the street. The public can park their motorcycles on the stretch,\" city police commissioner A K Viswanathan said.He added that many merchants and their staff occupy the parking space in the morning and take their vehicles only in the night, inconveniencing the public. Two-wheelers of owners and employees will be removed if they are found parked in the stretch, he warned.\"This move is expected to decongest city roads and create more space for parking of customers' vehicle along busy stretches in the city. We have planned to implement the same parking system at various places in the city. We have identified Gandhipuram, Raja Street and Peelamedu to enforce the restrictions,\" said Viswanathan.Earlier, the city police had allowed parking of four-wheelers on one side of the Oppanakkara Street. Later, the four-wheelers were not allowed to park and the city police allowed only two-wheelers to park on the road-side. Recently, the two-wheelers parking was banned for temporarily due to heavy rush for Diwali shopping. Barricades were put up on the busy stretch to prevent the parking.However, the merchants conducted a protest against the police action on Thursday. Most of the shops were closed for an hour for condemning the city police for temporarily banning the two-wheeler parking on the busy stretch. The merchants claimed that their business would affect if the parking were not allowed.On Thursday, talks held between the city police and merchants. Finally, the merchants agreed that they will not park their vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17071396", "title": "Police struggling to contain drug peddling", "text": "KANNUR: With a number of cases of seizure of narcotics being reported from various parts of the district, police are trying to work out a strategy to tackle the menace.\"It's a serious issue, especially because the drug mafia often targets schoolchildren,\" said district police chief Rahul R Nair. \"We are going to strengthen police surveillance further and have plans to launch an awareness drive,\" he said.\"Migrants are often the carriers of narcotic substances from neighbouring as well as north Indian states. We have to prevent this,\" he added. However, the main problem here is that migrant labourers don't stay at a place for long.Apart from pan masala, teenagers often make their own combination of drugs using aerated drinks, cough syrups and painkiller tablets. And children who are drug addicts are often exploited by anti-socials.\"Drug abuse cannot be seen as an isolated issue,\" said Rincy Augustine, principal, Hrudayaram Community College of Counselling, which does regular counselling in educational institutions.\"We have seen children who are on the look out for money to buy drugs being pushed into trafficking as well as homosexual rackets,\" she said.\"The government should strengthen security at check posts to prevent pan masala and narcotic substances being smuggled in. A Rs-3 packet of pan masala is being sold through cigarette shops for Rs 15-20,\" said officials.\"We are unable to curb trafficking of banned items mainly because of dearth of manpower as well as reasons like not wanting to disturb families that travel in buses at night,\" said Rejimon E K, excise inspector at Kootupuzha check post, near Iritty.\"Also, after we confiscate drugs, we have no right to take any further action and have to hand it over to police,\" he said. The railways should also put in efforts to curb trafficking of banned goods, as now anyone could book a parcel without providing address proof, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17071203", "title": "Short of coins, hoteliers turn to beggars", "text": "HUBLI: With a mysterious coin shortage gripping Hubli-Dharwad, businessmen are begging beggars for change and even buying coins at prices way above their face value.Shortage of coins of Re 1 and Rs 2 denomination is forcing many hoteliers to scout for beggars, who are cashing in on the situation and demanding a commission of Rs 10-20 for Rs 100 worth of coins. The commission depends on the desperation of the hotelier.Arguments between customers and cashiers have become a daily affair in many hotels. Instead of tinkling coins, the hoteliers pull out boiled sweets or coupons, which are instantly rejected by customers who argue and demand money.Banks supply coins worth lakhs to the hotel association on a monthly basis, or when the demand arises. The association distributes coins worth Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000 to each hotel every month, but this is not enough to meet the daily requirement of customers. AP Aithal, owner of Canara Hotel, said they need 3,000 to 4,000 coins per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "17070186", "title": "Woman shot at Karva Chauth party in Bathinda", "text": "BATHINDA: A woman attending a Karva Chauth party at a local hotel was allegedly shot by an unknown assailant on Friday. The victim, identified as Santosh Kumari, 45, was an employee of Military Engineering Services and was partying at the fourth floor of a newly inaugurated hotel when she was shot in the head.There were around 45 women in the party, playing tambola and other games. In the midst of this revelry in the evening, Santosh wife of Rajinder Kumar, a resident of Patel Nagar in Bathinda, was spotted lying on the floor and rushed to a private hospital, from where she was referred to the government hospital, Bathinda, and then to DMC, Ludhiana. She died in the ambulance.ASP Patil Ketan Baliram said investigation was on but there was no preliminary clue regarding the location from where the shot was fired. \"Though it seems a bullet was fired which hit the woman in the forehead, the matter is still not clear,\" he told PTI.A case in this connection has been registered at Thermal police station.SSP R S Brar reached the spot and was monitoring the investigation himself along with DSP city Gurmeet Singh , ASP and other officers. The deceased has a son who is doing engineering in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, and her husband had gone there to meet him. Her daughter is in class 12 and studying in Chandigarh. \"We are investigating the matter and waiting for the postmortem report to get a clearer picture of the murder. We are also trying to identify the place from where the fire was shot,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17071092", "title": "Kukis threaten to resume armed struggle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Kuki National Organisation (KNO), an umbrella organization of 16 Kuki outfits, threatened to resume armed struggle and secede from Manipur if the Centre did not begin talks with them. This could be a hurdle in the ongoing peace talks between the Centre and Naga insurgent group NSCN (IM). However, KNO leaders stressed they want a solution within the Constitution's framework .The seven-year-old Suspension of Operations (SoO) agreement between the KNO and the Government of India ends in November 22. \"If the government does not begin talks with us before November 22, we will be forced to take up arms. Does the Government of India want an armed rebellion?\" said Seilen Haokip, KNO spokesperson in Delhi.Kukis live in the hills of Manipur, including Churachandpur Senapati, Chandel and Ukhrul, parts of Assam and Sagaing in Burma. The KNO, formed in 1988, and its armed wing Kuki National Army had been waging an armed struggle for statehood. In 2005, KNO signed the SoO with the Centre leading to a ceasefire. Currently, KNO has about 2,000 armed cadres.The KNO is worried after talks between NSCN (IM) and the Centre seem close to a settlement. \"What if our land is claimed as part of Government of India's settlement with the Nagas?\" said Haokip.He asked why the Centre was yet to talk to the KNO seven years after ceasfire. \"If the government can speak to our neighbours, the Nagas, who had been killing us, why can't they speak to us? We are not anti-nationals or secessionists,\" he said. However, he said the NSCN (IM) has been making peace overtures so that Kukis do not obstruct the peace process and live in mutual respect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17069475", "title": "College students pay tribute to Swami Vivekananda", "text": "MARGAO: Hundreds of youth from colleges across the state gathered at Fatorda Stadium on Friday for the Swami Vivekananda Prerna Yatra to commemorate his visit to Goa and his eight-day stay in Margao in the year 1892.\"There is a strong need to preserve virtues and values,\" Swami Budhannanda Maharaj of Ramakrishna Math Pune told the youth at the stadium.\"Swami Vivekananda believed that one needed to face his fears boldly and that the more one tried to escape from his worries, the more they chased him,\" added Swami Budhananda who was accompanied by sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar.The event was preceded by a rally that began at Margao and culminated at Fatorda stadium. It was organized by the state-level celebration committee in collaboration with the state department of sports and youth affairs.The state-level celebration committee has planned various programmes for the next two years from January 12, 2012 to January 12, 2014 to commemorate Swami Vivekananda's 150th birth anniversary.Swami Vivekananda was received by the people of Margao at the Margao railway station in the year 1892 and was led in a procession to the Comba residence of Subrai Naik, his host, a scholar and respected figure in Margao whose house is located on the Abade Faria road, Margao, which also houses the famous Damodar Sal temple. During his week-long stay in Goa, Swamiji was given a special room close to the Damodar temple within the house. Till date, this historic room is preserved by the Naik family. The furniture and other items used by him during his stay there is preserved as it is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070595", "title": "Historic cattle fair in jeopardy", "text": "MANGALORE: The hoary tradition of the Kulkunda cattle fair near Subrahmanya in Dakshina Kannada district, which has a history of more than 300 years, may be in jeopardy this year after pressure from Saffron organizations who say the fair is becoming more of a slaughter house supply chain than helping farmers.Though the Subrahmanya gram panchayat resolved not to conduct the fair this year from November 28, there is still hope with its GP president making last ditch efforts to keep the tradition alive.Subrahmanya gram panchayat president Bhaskar Poojary told TOI, \"We will hold a meeting of Kalkunda and Subrahmanya villagers on November 8 to decide whether the fair should go on or not. If there are objections, we will see how it can be conducted with some modifications.\"Last year, the Bajrang Dal created a ruckus at the fair and said it was planning to approach the court to stop the fair. Both Vishwa Hindu Parishat and Bajrang Dal had urged Dakshina Kannada district administration to ban the fair.The fair has its own religious significance. It is said after Asura king Tarakasura was slain by Lord Shiva, cow dung was used to clean Mother Earth. Other significance is that `Rathotsava' at Kukke Subrahmanya starts only after the cattle land at the Kulkunda fair from the Malnad region. If the fair is stopped, the Rathotsava may also be in jeopardy.Dal convener Sharan Pumpwell says that with farming on the wane, the Kulkunda fair is being misused by some people and cattle is being transported inhumanly and illegally to slaughter houses in Kerala.A committee formed by Subrahmanya gram panchayat is conducting the fair every year.A former member of Subrahmanya gram panchayat refutes the allegation of Dal saying that for the past four years they have taken precautions that the cattle do not land in slaughter houses. ``We check credentials of the buyers through RTC, ID proof etc so that only genuine farmers buy them,'' the source said.Venting his anger over Dal, the source said, \"\"What right do they have to interfere in a historic fair? Why do we need their permission? Just because their government is in the power they cannot harass us without a reason,'' he added asserting there is no proof to prove that cattle taken from here are slaughtered.The panchayat development officer says the finest breed of cattle like oxen and buffalo calf is brought to the fair from Hassan, Somwarpet, Madikeri. ``Of course the agricultural lands are disappearing, so is the number of cattle brought to the fair. Eight decades ago 80,000 cattle heads used to be brought here. Now it is a little above thousand,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17071249", "title": "Two killed in road accidents in Haveri", "text": "HUBLI: Two persons were killed in two separate accidents in Haveri district on Friday.Shivayogi Baragundimath was killed on the spot when a truck rammed his bike head on near Jallapur village of Savanur taluk in Haveri. A case has been registered at Savanur police station.In another incident, Mabusab Megalmani was killed on the spot when an unidentified vehicle hit him on NH-4 near Nalogal village of Haveri taluk. Haveri rural police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17071212", "title": "Israel trashes branding of its soldiers in Goa as dehumanised", "text": "PANAJI: A senior Israeli diplomat today assailed the remarks of an outfit linked to Goa Church that Israeli soldiers holidaying in Goa are \"dehumanised\" and termed the same as \"nonsense\".\"The statement made by a part of the Church in Goa is full of nonsense. Those who did research were not even priests and no one gave them right to conduct the study,\" Orna Sagiv, Consul General of Israel in Mumbai, told PTI here.Social Justice and Peace (CSJP), a social arm of the Catholic church in Goa, recently claimed that Israeli youth who vacation in Goa after compulsory stint in the army were \"dehumanised\".The study by CSJP was compiled in 2009 on the basis of field inputs by young priests-in-waiting who hit Goa's narcotics party scene \"undercover\".\"I asked Archbishop (of Goa) and he said that in no way the observations can be attributed to the Church,\" Sagiv said.Goa has been a preferred holiday spot for the Israeli soldiers after their compulsory military duties.Responding to a question, Sagiv conceded that some Israelis holidaying in Goa might be involved in drugs trade. \"I would not deny that some are involved but at the same time people of other nationality are also involved,\" she said.Two Israeli nationals - Yaniv Benaim alias Atala and David Driham alias Dudu -- are currently being investigated by CBI for their involvement in drug trade.\"I believe in Indian judicial system. If they are guilty then they will be severely punished,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17068978", "title": "City teachers, students welcome death sentence", "text": "COIMBATORE: While hailing the death sentence handed down to R Manoharan, second accused in the Hrithik and Muskan Jain murder case by the mahila court on Thursday, teachers, students and the public in the city said such strict punishments are required to deter offenders from committing such heinous crimes against women and children.R Venkatesh, a teacher at Vivekam Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Periyanaickenpalyam, said it was a just verdict and was on the expected line. \"But the government should make sure that the culprit does not escape in the appeals,\" he pointed out.M Leelavathi, an engineering student at the Government College of Technology (GCT), said crimes against women and children will come down only when you give stringent punishments to culprits. \"Not a single day passes without the news of a serious murder or some gruesome incident. Only stringent punishments can prevent them,\" she says.Auto rickshaw driver M Radhakrishnan, who transports schoolchildren for the last 28 years, said the convict does not deserve to live. \"We should treat the students like our own children. When they are with us, they are our children. How can you have a pervert thought against your own child,\" he asked.At the same time, some feel that death penalty is too less and instead the convict should be lodged in jail for all his life. \"Death will be an easy way out. Instead, he should be lodged in jail for all his life. This will give him time to repent,\" said R Visalakshi, president of the Private Schools Association.However, teachers of the school in which the siblings studied were cautious enough not to create any fear in the minds of the students by reliving the brutal memories of the siblings' murder.\"Many of the students who had studied with the children were deeply affected. We are trying to overcome the fear and pain caused by the incident,\" said a senior teacher at the school.At the same time, they say that they are happy that the lone accused was sentenced to death. \"This should not happen to any child. This must be a lesson to those who dare to commit such crimes,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "17069689", "title": "Two girls injured as car hits two-wheeler", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Two teenage girls of Dugri Phase I riding a Honda Activa were injured, one of them seriously, when hit by a car near the Model Town cremation ground on Friday. The driver of the car fled the spot leaving the injured girls on the road.The girls, Komalpreet Kaur, daughter of Sukhwinder Singh and Navneet Kaur, daughter of Sarabjeet Singh, both 15-year-olds and residents of the CRPF Colony in Dugri Phase I, are Class XI students at the MGM Public School. They were on their way to tuition classes in Model Town when their scooter was hit from behind by the car. Komalpreet escaped with minor injuries, but Navneet suffered the impact with serious injuries on her head and chest. Police sources said the girls were immediately rushed to Dayanand Medical College and Hospital's emergency ward, where Navneet's condition is still critical.Model Town SHO Ashok Kumar, said they will record the statement of both the girls once they are in a state to narrate the incident without any trouble. \"We are looking for the accused car and its driver through other sources, like CCTV cameras installed around this area. We will register an FIR once victims' statements are recorded,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069595", "title": "New sewerage plant for Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If all goes according to plan, sanitation in the city will see a dramatic overhaul. A new sewerage treatment plant is to be set up near Maloya. The plant, which will cater to the needs of around two lakh people, will be equipped with the latest technology. A specially constituted committee comprising engineering experts and municipal councillors will go to New Delhi on Monday to study the sewerage system there.Earlier, the engineering wing had decided to install the Sequence Batch Reactor or SBR Technology at the plant. This technology is being used at some plants in the city. However, a group of municipal councillors suggested the adoption of the Membrane-Bio-Reactor or MBR technology. Therefore, councillors decided to visit the MBR technology plant, constructed in Delhi near the Akshardham Temple.\"The planned sewerage treatment plant will serve a large population. Therefore, we plan to use the best technology, which can be used for years without any difficulties. For the MC, this is a crucial project, because problems in the sewerage system are cropping up with the rise in the population of the city. The plant is needed to tackle the problems,\" chairman of the special committee Mukesh Bassi said.Elaborating upon the technology, committee member Surinder Behga said, \"Sequence Batch Reactor or SBR- technology, which exists in STPs in the city, needs a lot of land and that poses a major problem. So we need latest technology. Membrane Bio Reactor or MBR technology fits the bill as it does not need so much land. Though it is a little expensive, we get to save money by saving land. We will visit the plant which uses the technology in Delhi and a final decision will be taken after that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17069346", "title": "Segregation goes haywire, garbage uncleared", "text": "BANGALORE: The city got some respite from rain on Friday and heaved a sigh of relief. But there was enough garbage still lying around to justify its Garbage City tag. Over 3,500 tonnes were cleared on Thursday, but obviously it wasn't enough.With two landfills - Bhingipura, near Bommanahalli, and Terra Firma, near Doddaballapur - turning away trash trucks, dumping in Mandur has shot up over the past three days.On the ground, people power scored over civic administration. \"After several complaints by residents, BBMP cleared about 50% of the muck on our roads. Thanks to our own composting unit in Kalyan Nagar, our area is better compared to other parts of the city. It's a citizen initiative,\" said DS Rajeshekar, member, Federation of North East Residents' Welfare Association.Other areas like New Mission Road, JC Road, Malleswaram 8th Cross and Bannerghatta Road were not so lucky - there were heaps of garbage strewn all over.On Friday, BBMP lifted 3,600 tonnes of waste and sent it to Mandur landfill in 300 trucks. BBMP had promised villagers there that only 250 trucks would be sent every day, but it was forced to scale up the load.The landfill near S Bhingipura has not been used for the past three days due to maintenance work. \"The truck movement at the landfill is difficult. The civic work of levelling has been taken up. Bhingipura would take debris and desilted waste from the city. Every day, over 600 tonnes of waste were sent to the landfill in over 40 trucks. The landfill will be open for dumping within a day or two,\" officials said.The temporary closure has affected garbage clearance. BBMP sent over 50 trucks (about 500 tonnes) to the landfill at Terra Firma near Doddaballapur. Though the villagers had protested in the past two days, after negotiations between local leaders and BBMP officials, the villagers allowed the trucks. \"We'll meet with the local MLA on Saturday to decide the fate of our village,\" said D C Shashidhar, panchayat member, Doddabalavangala village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069653", "title": "Volvo bus service between Kanpur, Delhi", "text": "KANPUR: Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation has launched Volvo bus service between Kanpur and Delhi via Etawah-Yamuna Expressway. This special bus will first halt at Sector 35 in Noida and culminate at Anand Vihar bus station in Delhi. The service will begin from Saturday.The bus will leave Shaheed Major Salman Ahmad Khan Bus Station, Jhakarkati at 9.30 pm and reach Noida Sector 35 at 4.55 am and Anand Vihar in Delhi at 5.30 am.A passenger will have to pay Rs 644 for travelling upto Noida and Rs 677 for Delhi. In the past, the Volvo bus service used to operate from Lucknow and pass through Kanpur to reach Delhi. The bus would become full from Lucknow. The passengers from Kanpur were deprived of chance to avail its services. The passengers can book tickets by logging on www.upsrtc.abhibus.comTraffic police training planAs many as 200 auto loader drivers were trained by the traffic police at Express Road of the city under its ongoing traffic campaign . The traffic police, besides imparting training, also got them medically examined and distributed pamphlets in the area depicting traffic rules and advice for safe driving .SP (Traffic), CO Collectorgnaj and traffic inspectors were present on this occasion. According to S P Traffic of Kanpur Nagar, his team would impart training to the students of ON Dhawan School on November 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17070706", "title": "Man murders pregnant wife, hangs self", "text": "AURANGABAD: A constable with the Parbhani police, Chitra Patil, was murdered by her husband Prashant Pandurang Patil in the wee hours of Friday. Prashant later went to his Nashik home and hanged himself at around 4pm.Prashant reportedly suspected his wife's character and used to pick up fights.\"We had suspected the hand of Prashant and sent two teams to track him\u00e2\u20ac\u201done to Hingoli and the other to Nashik. Prashant had called Chitra's sister around 8.30pm on Thursday and said he was coming to Parbhani. He also asked the woman not to tell Chitra about it,\" inspector Vivek Muglikar of the Nanalpeth station said. \"We found that Prashant had called his sister-in-law from Hingoli. He may have dumped his mobile phone in Hingoli and gone straight to Nashik,\" Muglikar told TOI.\"Chitra, who was three months pregnant, was posted at Purna police station and was living alone in the police quarters at Parbhani. Prima facie, it appears that she was smothered to death between 9pm on Thursday and 6am Friday,'' he said. Chitra's post-mortem report was inconclusive.Chitra, who had joined police service in 2007, had married Prashant in 2010. He worked for a private company.Chitra is said to have spoken to her sister before going to bed on Thursday. The murder came to light when her sister went to Chitra's flat the next morning and found the door open. Chitra was lying naked and some garbage had been stuffed in her mouth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070458", "title": "Lowney to conduct workshop in city", "text": "PUNE: Dr Chris Lowney, author of 'Heroic Leadership' Best practices from a 450-year-old company that changed the world', will conduct an international workshop at St Vincent College of Commerce on Sunday and Monday. The theme of the workshop is 'Heroic Leadership for New Era'.Lowney, a former managing director of J P Morgan &amp; Co, also held senior positions in the company in New York, Tokyo, Singapore and London. He served on Morgan's Asia-Pacific, Europe and investment banking management committees. He other book is 'A Vanished World: Medieval Spain's Golden Age of Enlightenment'.Principals, managers, directors and administrators of various ranks, as well as professors and teachers from educational institutes across India will participate in the workshop. Lowney, a former Jesuit, will later travel to Chennai, Bangalore, Jamshedpur, Kolkata and Sri Lanka for similar workshops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17071038", "title": "Bongaigaon power project stalled due to BTC riots", "text": "GUWAHATI: An important power project, which can bail out the power-starved state, has hit a roadblock since the July riots in the Bodoland Territorial Autonomous Districts areas of lower Assam as almost half of the workforce of the construction site continues to stay away from work.Work at the 750-MW Bongaigaon Thermal Power Station (BTPS) being built by the NTPC at an estimated cost of Rs 4375.55 cr at Salakati, spread over Kokrajhar and Bongaigaon districts, came to a halt when the prolonged riots ravaged lower Assam in July last week. At present, only a skeletal workforce is available at site.A senior official associated with the project said, \"Around 3,500 workers were working on the project but since the outbreak of violence, 1,000-1,200 of them have stopped coming to work. This has impacted the progress of the work.\"A review report of the project states, \"In July, violence broke out in Kokrajhar district, following which curfew was imposed in the area on July 23. Most of the workers fled the site and even local workers refused to come to work. This has stopped the work at Bongaigaon Thermal Power Station.\"The report adds the outbreak of subsequent violence and imposition of curfew in August 12 worsened the situation in Kokrajhar. \"The workers' turnout at the Bongaigaon site drastically reduced and the work in different areas has come to a halt as the supply lines for essential construction material such as aggregates, sand, industrial gas, electrodes, diesel etc are affected.\"The official added, \"We are expecting a normal turnout of workers by the end of this month and we are hopeful that the first unit will be commissioned by next year.\"The coal-based thermal power project is being built at the site of an existing 240-MW non-operational power station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17071155", "title": "Congress questions PAC's impartiality", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Congress on Friday questioned the impartiality of Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament led by BJD MP Bhartruhari Mahatab, which reached the state to probe into irregularities in allocation of coalblock.\"Being an MP from the ruling party, it raises doubts over how Mahatab will give an impartial report into the scam,\" Congress spokesperson Arya Kumar Gyanendra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069263", "title": "Centre directs Nagpur Municipal Corporation to pay bus makers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is in a fix over the inordinate delay by the Central government in releasing funds meant for purchase of buses. 240 buses were purchased from two companies in 2009 but the NMC has not made the full payment as it has not received the funds. Now, the Centre has asked all civic bodies to clear the companies' dues but the NMC has expressed its inability to do so.Officials from the ministry of urban development (MoUD) have directed the civic bodies not to delay the payments. \"The MoUD released 90% of the total share of funds to most of the cities. Payments have not been made to the bus manufacturers. This needs to be resolved,\" said an official in the review meeting held at New Delhi recently.Sources said that the MoUD even asked the civic bodies to not wait for the funds from the centre and state governments. However, the NMC may not be able make the payments as it lacks sufficient funds.A senior NMC official told TOI that the Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL) which runs the Starbus service has no special funds. He also denied that poor operation and maintenance of buses are reasons for non-payment.However, the ground realities are different. The NMC has failed to maintain the buses since the beginning. Many complaints and enquiries have gone to the Centre which also ordered two separate enquiries. Besides, the NMC has failed to fulfil the benchmarks set up by the Centre while sanctioning the funds. The NMC is also yet to execute many of the mandatory reforms.According to the data available with the NMC, the Centre approved funds of Rs63.60 crore for purchase of 300 buses, including 60 minibuses, in February 2009. But the NMC purchased only 240 buses. 218 buses were procured from Tata Motors and 22 from Ashok Leyland between August and December 2009. Funds of Rs52.80 crore were required for the purchase of 240 buses. Of the total amount, the Centre was to share 50%, the State 20% and the remaining by the NMC.The Centre had released Rs15.90 crore to the NMC as against its share of Rs26.40 crore. Then the State released Rs6.36 crore as against its share of Rs10.56 crore. A payment of Rs15 crore is due to Tata Motors and Rs1.25 crore to Ashok Leyland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17071018", "title": "ICICI offers cashback on home loans", "text": "MUMBAI: To ensure that home loan customers stick around longer in an environment without prepayment charges, ICICI Bank has introduced cashback offers on home loans.The new scheme brings down the cost of a home loan for borrowers who stay on for at least three years with a cashback of 1% of their equated monthly installments (EMIs), which will start accruing from their EMI. The cashback will be in the form of a payment credited to the borrower's account or it could be used to prepay the loan. The second feature introduced as part of its special offer is an option that will allow borrowers to periodically extend the fixed rate period under a home loan. The company offers dual rate home loans where the borrower pays a fixed rate for the initial years.The cashback does not bring down the loan rate by one percentage point as the relief is on the EMI amount and not the loan rate. Back of the envelope calculations show that it brings down the cost of the loan by less than 15bps.\"Our intention was not to drop rates but to come out with a structure which rewards long-term relationship,\" said a spokesperson for the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070583", "title": "Dhoom by the lakeside", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This band sings your heart's tune - about such sentiments as newfound freedom, discovering love, and also the pangs of rejection. But regardless of the mood, the band always lives up to its name: Euphoria. The band that was, interestingly, put together by a doctor, Palash Sen, emerged at a time when the youth of the late 1990s looked to the West for musical rebellion. Euphoria provided that very urban yearning for love and sang of desires and young dreams in a desi, almost earthy way. 'Dhoom pichuk dhoom' is till date for many Indians the absolute declaration of true love from the rooftops.The band's first album 'Dhoom', released in 1998, set the records buzzing and gave Indipop a refreshing gust of momentum. One successful album after another followed, and Euphoria kept launching pretty models in their equally popular music videos and strengthened its place as the only band feeding 'Hind Rock' to the Indian soul. Albums like 'Dhoom', 'Phir Dhoom', 'Mantra' and 'Gully' were lapped up by the musicloving junta.What connects the band to the Indian pop lover is the pull towards one's roots and endearing lyrics. If 'Maaeri' is about loss and being deserted by one's lover, then 'Kabhi ana tu meri gully' is simply the most ideal way of wooing a girl. The band's latest single, 'Mantra' is about having a dream and pursuing it till the end. With every song, the band embraces emotions and words that everyone can relate to.Ahmedabad's music lovers can rub their hands in glee because this band, one of India's most loved, will perform as part of the Times Ahmedabad Festival, at the Vastrapur amphitheatre on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17070804", "title": "Publishing industry goes real time", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malala Yousufzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who was critically injured after being shot by the Taliban and now recuperating at a Birmingham hospital, had reportedly asked for books to read first when she regained consciousness. Thousands of miles away, a publishing house here has responded by publishing probably the first book on the 15-year-old rights activist and sending her a copy within weeks.Call it livewire publishing, the Malayalam book industry is increasingly taking to contemporary events and incidents to cash in on the popular interest. From small-time publishers to industry biggies, the publishing industry has embraced the trend of bringing out books on contemporary events in almost real time.Ravi Deecee, chief executive of DC Books, says the trend has gained such momentum that the difference between magazine publishing and book publishing is getting blurred. \"It is not that the industry is cashing in on a controversy. The publishing industry is getting closely aligned to society and popular mood and books inspired by contemporary events should be seen as its efforts to stay relevant,\" he said.The publishers of the book on Malala say that they are overwhelmed by the response received for the pre-publication offer. \"We decided to publish the book on Malala not just for profit alone. The story of a girl who stood up against religious extremism to protect her right for education and freedom has relevance to Kerala society, which is witnessing increasing interference of extremist organisations in both public and private spheres,\" says V P Sumesh, editor of Insight Publica that brought out the book.\"We have seen restrictions imposed on individuals who did not follow a particular dress code. In the past, students who learned Kathakali and Bharatanatyam were targeted by some sections. There are Malalas suffering silently in the Kerala society and the story of the girl will be an inspiration to everyone,\" he adds.Ravi Deecee says two books published by his group on T P Chandrasekharan murder -- Vettuvazhi Kavithakal and Onchiyam Rekhakal -- have already gone into multiple editions. They had also published a book on Resool Pookkutty within days of him bagging the Oscar. \"The technological advancements and the increasingly networked world of today have cut short the response time of the industry to contemporary events,\" he says.Almost half a dozen books were published on Anna Hazare during the zenith of the anti- corruption wave that swept the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069182", "title": "Speed governors mandatory in tankers, trucks, dumpers", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to curb road accidents, the state transport department has decided to install speed governors in tankers, trucks, dumpers, national permit vehicles and private service vehicles.Confirming the development, city RTO Sarjerao Shelke said a draft notification had been published making it mandatory for all owners or permit holders of vehicles to fit a speed governor (a speed-controlling device) in the vehicle by February 2013. The rule does not apply to private cars like autorickshaw, meter cab etc.\"Under the Central Motor Vehicle Rules 1989 speed governors should be installed in all commercial and public vehicles including school buses, private service vehicles, public and private transport buses, taxis and goods vehicles. A speed governor is a device fitted between a fuel pump and engine to regulate the speed limit. If a vehicle crosses the set speed limit, the fuel supply is cut off immediately,\" he explained.The speed limit in urban and rural areas will be a maximum of 60 km, while on national and state highways it will be less than 80 km per hour.\"We will ensure that all permits already issued or to be issued henceforth contain a stipulation on the installation of a speed governor. This will guarantee that the vehicle does not run at a speed higher than the notified,\" said Shelke.Sources said that the transport department had invited objections and suggestions. After hearing all the parties concerned, the department has set February 28, 2013 deadline for vehicles to fit speed governors.Similarly, the department has compelled private taxis to install electronic meter. The deadline for taxi owners to fit the electronic meter is March 30, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17073651", "title": "England struggle against disciplined Mumbai A", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai A bowlers had the visiting England team on the mat, reducing it to 66 for four at lunch on the opening day of their second three-day warm-up game on Saturday.After England won the toss and elected to bat on a seaming track in this Navi Mumbai stadium, medium pacer Kshemal Waingankar struck once each in his two spells to take the wickets of opener Nick Compton for 1 and Ian Bell for 4.First change bowler Javed Khan dismissed Jonathan Trott for 28.To make matters worse for England, Mumbai captain Suryakumar Yadav -- a part-time off break bowler -- struck in the last over before lunch to dismiss Joe Root, caught at short leg for 28.At lunch Eoin Morgan was yet to score after having come in with 10 minutes left for the interval.Waingankar had superb figures of 2 for 13 in seven overs, Khan claimed one for 19 in six while Yadav had taken a wicket off the fifth ball of his only over.The morning clearly belonged to the unheralded second string bunch of Mumbai.The 27-year-old Waingankar, who has played only 11 Ranji Trophy games, stuck to a fine line to take full advantage of the helpful track and put the visitors on the back foot after they won the toss and batted.England, who made six changes to the side that played in the opening warm-up game against India A at the Brabourne Stadium even resting captain and centurion Alastair Cook , started cautiously.With the wicket assisting the two medium pacers Waingankar and Shardul Thakur runs were hard to come by.Waingankar, in particular, maintained a steady off stump line and good length and made the ball move both way off the pitch to produce doubts in the minds of Compton and Root.Waingankar drew first blood very early in his third over by uprooting the off stump of Compton with a ball that moved in a shade.England, 5 for 1 at Compton's departure for 1, were kept in check by Waingankar and Thakur and it was only in the sixth over that a loose ball from the latter on his legs was clipped away for four by one down Jonathan Trott, who scored an attractive 56 against India A.The third medium pacer in the team, Javed Khan, replaced Thakur and was promptly dispatched by Trott for another boundary with an on-drive.Waingankar, after a good spell of 5-3-10-1, was replaced by part time off spinner Shikhar Dhawan, playing for the team as a special invitee along with Cheteshwar Pujara.The 50 came up in the 16th over when Trott cut Thakur for a four after the first hour had produced 38 runs in 14.The number three batsman got out chasing outside the off stump and was caught behind, a ball after inside-edging Javed Khan to the fine leg fence.Khan gave way to Waingankar who struck his second blow of the morning by having out-of-form Ian Bell caught behind off a defensive prod outside the off stump.Bell, who made only 5 in the first game, was out for 4 this time around.England lost Trott and Root 15 minutes prior to lunch. The visitors rested Cook, pace bowlers Steven Finn and Tim Bresnan , batsman Kevin Pietersen , wicket keeper Matt Prior and leading spinner Graeme Swann from the team that played in the at CCI.They included squad vice-captain Stuart Broad , who led the side in Cook's absence, wicket keeper Jimmy Bairstow, Joe Root, Graham Onions, Eoin Morgan and Monty Panesar in their place.The home team left out leg spinner Sagar Gorivale - the lone frontline spinner in the squad - Neelkanth Parab, Bravish Shetty and Balwinder Singh Sandhu Jr. from the playing eleven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071507", "title": "National academy eyeing L&T;\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Hitex stake", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Academy of Construction (NAC), the second-largest stakeholder in the Hyderabad International Trade Exposition Centre (HITEX) Ltd after L&T; Infocity , is willing to take up 58 .11% shares being divested by the latter provided the state government supports it financially . Also, NAC is not willing to pay the Rs 67 crore price quoted by L&T; as it believes that the share value has been escalated.\"The original value of L&T; shares was below Rs 10 crore at the time of HITEX's inception . Majority shareholder L&T; Infocity claims it wants to sell its stake as HITEX is making losses. Then , how has it arrived at the figure of Rs 67 crore ? That needs to be re-examined . The stake value will be put to scrutiny once the government gives clearance for taking over the shares ,\" a senior NAC official told TOI.The NAC, which trains people involved in construction activity , is spread over 46 acres in Madhapur . The academy holds 17% shares in HITEX, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) 11%, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) 6% and the tourism department 5%. L&T; holds 98 ,85 ,000 shares (58 .11%) in HITEX. After deciding to divest its stake in the project a few months back , L&T; asked NAC and the other agencies whether they were interested in buying shares under the agreement of the Right of First Refusal .With the intention to take up the shares , sources said NAC asked L&T; to extend the time for taking a decision to another 60 days i.e., till January 11, 2013 so that the state government may take a decision in the matter .After a HITEX board meeting on September 12, 2012, L&T; had asked NAC and the state government that it be notified in case any agency was interested in buying its shares by the given 60-day period , which expires on November 11.As the finance department , which is currently handling thesubject , might take some more time , NAC has sought another 60-days till January 2013. Sources said that L&T; Infocity is yet to respond to NAC's plea .\"Our intention is to protect the government interest in HITEX. We have written to the state government and are now waiting for its reply ,\" NAC director-general FCS Peter told TOI on Friday . HITEX was established in 2000 on about 50 acres for hosting international trade fairs , exhibitions and other events .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17071275", "title": "China invites India's 'Missile man' to teach at Peking varsity", "text": "BEIJING: China has invited India's \"missile man\" and former President Dr A P J Abdul Kalam to teach at the prestigious Peking University here, offering him a lab of his choice to work with the students.On his first-ever visit to China at the invitation of the reputed Beijing Forum, a Chinese government backed intellectual body, Kalam appeared happy to receive the offer to teach but said it all depends on his schedule.Asked whether he would be visiting Beijing often to teach, 82-year-old Kalam said, \"I am a teacher. I teach in US and as a Professor wherever the knowledge takes me I go and share it. Particularly, I like meeting young people and I would like to contribute to their knowledge.\"The invitation to teach at the Peking University was extended to Kalam by its Chairman Zhu Shanlu when he met the former Indian president last night.He was invited to teach once a year, the subject of his choice and stay as long as he want. The subject could be science and technology or humanities, Kalam's secretary H Sheridon said, adding that the offer included setting up Laboratory of Kalam's choice.Kalam began his career as an Aerospace engineer and later became India's top guided missile scientist heading the DRDO, which recently has come up with 5,000 km Agni V missile which brought a number of Chinese cities within its range.Significantly, China has organsied a special visit for Kalam to Chinese academy of aerospace technology today altering its earlier plans to take him on tour of its top aeronautical plant which manufacture its fighter planes.Kalam himself said he is interested in teaching sustainable development and praised Peking University's recent move to open ethics department which he said is a \"beautiful idea\".He is scheduled to formally address students of Peking University tomorrow and interact with the Chinese and Indian professionals at the Indian Embassy here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071467", "title": "Rs 500cr pension funds vanish", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what can only be termed as a mega scam, a sum of about Rs 500 crore deducted from the accounts of 1.50 lakh state government employees over a period of eight years for the contributory pension fund (CPF) has neither been credited in the accounts of the employees nor reflected in the government's account books. The matter came to light after some alert government officials -who are the victims - realised that they had been shortchanged and raised the red flag. An internal inquiry is now on and the money has now been traced to the \"suspense\" account of the treasury department where it is sitting and not earning any interest that would have run into crores.Incidentally the director of treasuries, Nagarjuna Reddy -who was holding the post for seven years - was transferred out of his position and packed off to the MCR HRD Institute last month. His transfer triggered off a strike among treasury employees who also had other demands . When quizzed, principal secretary (finance) P V Ramesh said: \"There is no need to panic. The money will be credited to the accounts of employees.\" But employees are not happy.\"What about the interest on the money? Who will pay the interest ? Since the government has let the money been idle, it has earned no interest. We have been cheated,\" said an affected officer. He added: \"How do we know that the money had not been illegally deployed in the market by some treasury officials ? Is the government conducting such an inquiry?\" he sought to know.The story had begun in September 2004 when the state government started implementing \"employees' contributory pension scheme\" (CPS) for staff who joined service on or after this date. As per the arrangement, these employees contribute 10% of their basic salary towards the pension fund under which the state government contributes a matching 10%. But being members of this CPS, these employees are not beneficiaries of the general provident fund (GPF) scheme like their predecessors. Thus nearly 10 lakh state government employees are under the GPF scheme, employees recruited after 2004, numbering more than 1.50 lakh are under the contributory pension scheme.The problems began with the dearness allowance (DA) announcements which are made twice in a year after a lag of few months. The arrears of DA are never handed directly to employees but put into their GPF accounts. But for post-2004 employees , for some strange reason, the arrears of DA was neither credited in the employees' CPS accounts nor shown in the government accounts. And this is what the scandal is,\" said a senior official of the finance department.\"This amount now totals more than Rs 500 crore,\" revealed sources in the finance department . \"Imagine our shock when we were told by the treasury officials that the money which was held back was kept in the suspense account without earning any interest,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17071553", "title": "Govt officials found stealing electricity in Jhunjhunu", "text": "JAIPUR: Are government officials exempt from paying for electricity? Some officials in Jhunjhunu district seemed to think so. A team of Ajmer discom caught at least two dozen government officials allegedly stealing electricity in Bohana tehsil in Jhunjhunu.According to the sources, not only did most of these officials ignore reminders to pay electricity bills of government offices but even allowed their subordinates to steal electricity.Likewise, many employees of Rajasthan Vidyut Vitaran Prasaran Limited colony of Bohana were also found guilty of power theft.\"We got a tip-off that many of them didn't have electricity connections for years (their connections were cut after they did not pay the bills) and were stealing electricity directly from electric poles. A team raided the colony, BDO's office , Nayab tehsildar's office and the police station in Bohana where it was found that the officials were involved in electricity theft,\" Rajendra Burdak, assistant engineer (vigilance), Jhunjhunu - II told TOI on Wednesday. Burdak added that notices were served to the defaulters and they were asked to send their reply in a week's time. \"If they fail to deposit the bills and steal electricity again, we will register FIRs against them.\"'Stern action against violators'When contacted, senior officers of vigilance in various discoms also admitted that these days government officials, especially those working in various discoms and power companies, were involved in power theft. \"It is a matter of concern and we had even informed the concerned ministers and secretary . Now the state government will deal with it sternly ,\" said a senior officer of the electricity department. It may be recalled that state government in 2008 had established police stations in many districts dedicated to prevention of crimes in the power sector. The state has 29 such police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17068605", "title": "Jugaad vehicles posing a big risk to commuters", "text": "MHOW: Rickety three-wheeler jugaad vehicles made of cannibalizing junk and waste hardware have become a cause of concern for many. These vehicles are defying safety norms risking lives of hundreds of passengers, and are running without permission from the RTO right under the nose of traffic police.The components used in these vehicles are iron pipes and angles for chassis, irrigation pump engine, wheels of bullet motorcycle, iron pipe handle and many parts prepared by using scrap.As being seen in the picture, it resembles a tonga, in which the seat could also be used for seating passengers and the rear portion could be used either for passengers or for carrying load. Unlike the conventional vehicles, the jugaads have accelerator, brakes and the clutch fitted on the left foot. Moreover, since these vehicles are locally made, they remain unregistered and hence uninsured. This means that in case of an accident, neither the vehicle owner nor the passengers will be able to get any compensation as a third party receiver.\"The urban people, on having a look at it may see it as a threat to the life of the owner, passengers and other road users, but the owners don't have any reservations for it and they feel free to use it in the way they wish,\" said a bystander Ramesh Kumar , who prefers to take state transport bus rather than risking his life.Jamnaprasad Sen, the owner of one such jugad vehicle, in a bid to demonstrate the vehicle, pulled the rope to start its engine as used to be done in the tempos that have been banned by the government. Sen, a resident of Kaisoor village near Sadalpur situated on Indore- Ratlam road,\"The chassis and the wheel were made by one Chowghadiya Iron Works, Suwasra in Mandsaur district.I assembled all other parts from the scrap market in Dhar, Mhow and Indore,\" he added.When contacted, state transport secretary Manish Shrivastava, said that in accordance with the Supreme Court rulings and government of India orders of 2007 there should be complete ban on suchvehicles.\"The transport department has thrice issued instructions to all the RTOs asking them to take strict action ,\" he said adding that on October 26, they had written to all the collectors, IGs and SPs to take action in this regard and submit the action taken report on fortnightly basis. He also said that such vehicles are more common in the areas adjacent to the Rajasthan border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17071094", "title": "Gaikhangam now Manipur deputy CM", "text": "IMPHAL: Acting on an instruction of the All India Congress Committee, Manipur home minister Gaikhangam was appointed as deputy chief minister of the state on Friday. Meanwhile, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh air dashed to New Delhi to apparently meet Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in the face of NSCN(IM)-Centre talks reaching its final stage.An order to this effect was issued by the chief secretary on Thursday evening, official sources said.In Ibobi Singh's absence, Gaikhangam (62) has now taken the charge of chief minister, a responsibility earlier shouldered by senior Congress minister Th Debendra Singh.Of 60 seats in the house, Congress won a whopping 42, the highest ever, in the 10th assembly polls held in January this year, forming the government comfortably for the third consecutive term.In the first innings of the Congress-led Secular Progressive Front (SPF) government, Gaikhangam was the works minister. However, the senior Congress leader, who is also the president of Manipur PCC, sacrificed the ministerial berth in the second SPF term on the plea to strengthen the party.Gaikhangam, who won from the remote Nungba constituency in Tamenglong district, also holds the portfolios of tribal development and hills as well as horticulture and soil conservation.On October 8, the government expanded its administrative apparatus by appointing five young Congress legislators as parliamentary secretaries.Meanwhile, a cabinet sub-committee headed by the CM has already been formed to monitor the progress of the Indo-Naga political dialogue and be prepared for any kind of eventualities and emergencies that may trigger in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073042", "title": "Dev's challenge to the audience", "text": "Dev threw a challenge to the audience, and his well-wishers, that saw the Tolly fraternity gather at a city theatre to wish him luck. It was his new movie Challenge 2's closed-door screening, recently, which ultimately became not-so closed-door as a huge crowd turned up to catch a glimpse of their superstar!Dev, looking dapper in a dark blue tee, came with his mom, dad and sister. The film's heroine, Puja, wearing a green anarkali, patiently posed for the shutterbugs. Other members of the cast like Rajatava and Bharat were spotted chatting with actor Indraneil, composer Samidh and designer Abhishek Dutta. CT also saw actress Sayantika, who dropped by to greet director Raja Chanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17071107", "title": "Landslide in Chalakudy hits rail services on Ekm-Shoranur route", "text": "THRISSUR: Rail services on Ernakulam-Shoranur route were disrupted on Friday following a landslide near the railway track in Chalakudy. The landslide occurred under a railway track near Southern College, where the railway has been constructing an underground passage to facilitate traffic movement between Chalakudy and Mala.Trains from Ernakulam were halted at Angamaly and Chalakudy railway stations following the incident and traffic was allowed only through the second track. Thiruvananthapuram railway divisional manager Rajesh Agarwal said, \"We have suspended the train movement on down track around 4 pm. The construction of the underground passage is being carried out by our construction department. They have to give us a report on restoring the track; until then the services will remain suspended.\"Thrissur railway station manager K R Jayakumar said, \"The landslide occurred around 3.30 pm when workers were trying to put large concrete blocks under the line for the underground passage. We expect to resume services on the track by 3am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069345", "title": "CIC to CBI: Disclose info related to graft cases", "text": "New Delhi: Information related to cases of corruption should be disclosed exempted under the RTI Act, the Central Information Commission (CIC) told CBI.Chief Information Commissioner Satyananda Mishra directed the agency to consider RTI applications on disclosure on a case to case basis and only if they do not attract other exemption clauses.CBI was included in the second schedule of the Section 24 of the RTI Act which allows national and security organizations of the country listed under it from making any disclosures under the transparency.However, information pertaining allegations of corruption and human rights violations do not come under the exemption.In a case related to RTI application filed by activist C J Karira, CBI argued before the CIC that the agency by and large probed cases related to allegations of corruption and disclosing such information would make the exemption given to it \"totally infructuous.\"The agency, which is probing number of high profile corruption cases such as 2G, NRHM, illegal ore mining, CWG and Tatra-BEML scams besides other such cases pleaded that disclosure of information would defy the objective of keeping it in the exemption list.\"It (Section 24 of the RTI Act) does not make any distinction between the exempted organizations on the basis of the functions they perform nor between allegations of corruption on the basis whether it is made against the employees of the exempt organization or others,\" Mishra held.He said it is true that CBI is primarily responsible for investigating into all cases of corruption cases by public servants of the central government. Mishra said most of the information CBI holds would have \"nexus with allegations of corruption\".\"It is also true that proviso to section 24 of the RTI Act would make it necessary for the CPIO to entertain all such RTI applications(related to allegations of corruption), rendering the exclusion of the organization from the operations of the RTI Act almost pointless. This cannot be helped as the law is quite clear; this particular section does not exclude the exempt organizations from the RTI Act completely,\" Mishra said.In the order, he said that exemption given to security organizations under the RTI Act is a \"qualified exemption\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17071198", "title": "3 Trichy youngsters all set to checkmate the world", "text": "TRICHY: Three students in the age group of eight to 18 will represent Trichy in the forthcoming Federation Internationale des Echecs (FIDE) World Youth Chess Championships from November 7 to 19. \"This is indeed an honour for Trichy as the three champions are among 17 from the southern part of India including Chennai, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh who will represent India at the Slovenia world tournament this year,\" said Anantharaja, president of the Trichy District Chess Association.For instance, Ram Aravind L N, a student of Kamala Niketan, Trichy, is one of the five players who will represent India in the under-10 open category with the top-rated 1919 points. Akilesh Viswaa, a student of Campion School, Trichy, with a rating of 1352 will be among the three students representing India in the under-8 open category. And, Raja Bhuvaneshwari, a student of Anna University, will be among five girls who will represent India with an individual rating of 1717. There are five categories in all, namely under 8, 10, 12, 14, 16 and 18 in both the open and girls separation. Interestingly, the girls are free to participate in the open among boys, but boys are not allowed that privilege.Trichy District Chess Association identifies talented chess players through inter-school tournaments, and then they compete in the state and national championships. Being an education hub, Trichy produces a large number of amateur players and the weekend tournaments not only attract an average of 300 students, most of whom are honed to become champions, said Sundarraj, secretary of the association.Interestingly, R Bhuvaneshwari, the gold medal winner in the under-20 category at the Commonwealth Championship, is going to the tournament as a donor entry. Nine-year-old Ram Aravind is the country's current youngest FIDE master, and has won the under-seven state championship at Erode in 2010. Top seeded Akilesh Viswaa shared the top spot with M Aditya with four points each at the National U-7 Chess Championship in July last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069599", "title": "Push for digitization of driving licences, vehicle registration papers", "text": "New Delhi: The total number of registered vehicles stands at 15.25 crore, over 10% of country's entire population and there are 8.46 crore drivers with valid driving licences. Just ahead of government pushing for legislation to allow higher penalty for subsequent offences, the road transport and highways ministry has stepped up digitalization of all driving licences (DLs) and vehicle registration certificates (RCs) issued by the regional transport offices (RTOs).Speaking at a road safety workshop, organized by International Road Federation (IRF) here on Friday, joint secretary (transport) Sanjay Bandopadhyay said so far 9.96 crore RCs and 2.60 crore DLs have been captured in national register. \"We have started digitizing the remaining legacy data of 5.29 crore RCs and 5.86 crore DLs. Once the data is available on the national register, all law enforcing agencies will be able to get details of any vehicle or any driver. Only when we have this data online, frequent offenders can be identified by a traffic cop and can be penalized,\" he added.Digitalization of RCs and DLs is being seen as the first major move to improve enforcement of traffic rules across the country and also to eliminate duplicity as far as DLs are concerned. The government has lined up several other measures to tame errant drivers, including a Central notification making it mandatory for any DL applicant to undergo a formal training and to take a driving test that would be assessed.Countries such as Australia and Japan, which managed to reduce their road crashes and fatalities drastically in the past, had tried the same method. \"We started with making the DL norms stringent. We stopped the practice of people buying licences completely. Initially, the process for getting a licence needed at least three months and gradually it was increased to one year. So, now if you want a licence you have to have proper training and it's tough. This can work even in case of India,\" said David Staurt-Watt, president of Roads Australia.In yet another sign of a paradigm shift in the approach of government, senior road department officials have started admitting that not just drivers but bad road engineering and poor signage are contributing to accidents and fatalities. V L Patnakar, additional director general of highways ministry, said poor engineering and designing of roads is equally responsible for road accidents. \"Most of the accident spots even in Delhi including schools, hospitals, rumble strips and speed breakers and busy intersections do not have fore warnings signs,\" he added.Road safety expert Rohit Baluja pointed out that negligence of authorities is labeled as carelessness of road users and authorities are never penalized. \"We can learn from a small country like Nepal. It law says that while digging a pit at a public place for a specific reason, a prior approval of the nearest police office must be obtained. While granting approval to dig a pit at any public place the nearest police office shall cause warning signs to be so placed as to avoid an accident at that place,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069228", "title": "'Recruitment process a half-hearted attempt to reduce student-teacher gap'", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan University's much awaited recruitment process seemed to be a half-hearted attempt, according to faculty members of the university. The hiring of 294 teachers against a requirement of 441 according to the university's annual budget 2010-11, will left a huge gap in the student-teacher ratio. It left some departments shocked while others are upbeat.At a time when the state government has formed a separate mass communication and journalism university in Jaipur, the higher education department (the sanctioned authority) had not found it appropriate to sanction a post for the centre for mass communication in Rajasthan University which is being run by one professor, Sanjiv Bhanawat. The centre is running masters degree programmes and has highest number of students in all state-run mass communication progerammes.Admitting the misappropriate seats allotments, Nishkam Diwakar, registrar of RU said they have strictly followed the state government circular from 1997. \"The circular says that university/college has to clear all backlogs according to SC guidelines,\" Diwakar said, adding \"we had to clear additional backlogs after making ad-hoc teachers permanent in 2009\". For the centre for mass communication, he said it's a self-financed course and doesn't come under the purview of RU for recruitment.The Urdu and Persian department, which is predominantly studied by Muslims students, the RU's move comes as a shocker. The university has given two seats reserved one each for OBC and SC candidates to fill the reserved criteria. In the process, RU has ignoring general candidates which includes a large chunk of Muslims and has left Urdu grads disappointed.Diwakar has also raised apprehension that by giving both seats to reserved category, they may not find a suitable candidate. On recruiting less teachers than required, he said many factors were taken into account during the process, including roaster system, revised pay scales and reservation among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17069466", "title": "Vijai Sardesai fights for 'wrongfully' terminated youth", "text": "MARGAO: Independent MLA Vijai Sardesai has decided to take up the matter of the termination of Goan youth employed by the former state Congress government under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) scheme after claiming that the BJP government had plans to replace the workers with their cadre.\"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar seems to have conveniently forgotten that the government was a continuous process and is hell bent on reversing all decisions taken by the previous government, without considering the merits of the decisions,\" said Sardesai on Friday.Sardesai has petitioned the Union rural development ministry and has cited the government's action of terminating the services of more than 200 messengers with immediate effect, rendering them jobless for no fault of theirs.The MNREGA scheme ensures a legal guarantee of employment in every financial year to adult members of every rural household, Sardesai added.This issue had come up at a review meeting of the district rural development agency (DRDA), vigilance and monitoring committee where it was pointed out that the MNREGA 'messengers' as is their designation were in excess of DRDA requirements.\"These Goan youth who had lost their jobs attempted to meet the chief minister and knocked on the doors of his local agent, defeated Fatorda candidate Damu Naik, who only delivered a political speech and failed to do any justice,\" added Sardesai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069575", "title": "Cops ask collector\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s office to recover 2.7crore damages", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch probing the rioting at Azad Maidan has asked the collector's office to start recovering the damages of that evening.According to a source, the day a group of protesters, who had gathered for a rally at Azad Maidan and went on the rampage, properties worth Rs 2.74 crore were vandalized and the police have held Ahmed Raza the founder member of a group, Madinatulilm, responsible for the act.\"On record, it was Raza who had sought permission for the use of the Azad Maidan ground for the rally. So he is responsible for the vandalizing, though two community leaders gave provocative speeches that sparked the rioting and a few others gathered the crowd,\" said an officer. Best buses, police vans, media vehicles and private vehicles were among those damaged. Additional commissioner of police Niket Kaushik said, \"We have intimated the losses to the collector's office, which will issue notices to the rally organizers for the recovery of the damages.\"The rally, which went awry, was being held to protest against alleged atrocities against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar.On Friday, the police grilled Ahmed and Rizwan Khan alias Dayawan for spreading propaganda about the alleged violence and gathering more crowd at the maidan than could be accommodated there.The sessions court has granted bail to 14 accused arrested in the rioting, taking the total number of people released on bail to 19. The bail came just two days before the police were supposed to file the chargesheet in the case.The Bombay high court was likely to soon pass an order on the bail application of Salim Chaukiya, who was seen running away with a police rifle, and Faizal Hussain Shaikh, who was seen setting fire to a media van, said their advocate Mahesh Vaswani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17069487", "title": "National Green Tribunal bars polluting industries in Ghaziabad", "text": "NOIDA: The National Green Tribunal on Friday ordered that no further permission should be granted for setting up heavily polluting industries in the city which have been placed in the 'red' and 'orange' categories, depending on the severity of pollution caused by them.The orders were passed upon a petition filed by Rajiv Narayan, resident of an upscale housing society adjoining NH-24 in Ghaziabad, along with an environmental activist, Vikrant Tongad. The green tribunal has also directed the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) to submit a reply on steps taken by it for eradicating environmental pollution in the region apart from action it has taken on erring industries.UPPCB officials said that depending on various environmental parameters, different types of industries are categorized by it into red, orange and green, based upon levels of pollution caused by them. \"The board had in April this year placed around 50 types of industries under the red category, while another 35 were placed under the orange category,\" said an UPPCB official.\"Industries emitting thick black smoke in the vicinity of our housing society cause breathing problems for residents,\" said petitioner Rajiv Narayan.The petitioners have also alleged that ground water in the region has been severely contaminated with the toxic metals due to 'reverse boring' by some industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17069007", "title": "Ex-CEC Lyngdoh lauds Kejriwal show", "text": "COIMBATORE: While terming civil society movements aimed at exposing political and corporate corruptions as the need of the hour, former chief election commissioner J M Lyngdoh on Friday expressed doubt whether the anti-corruption movement can influence or alter the ensuing Lok Sabha election.Talking to media persons on the sidelines of a national seminar on 'Heritage Foods' in the city, Lyngdoh said corruption is so deep-rooted that the electorate may not be able to take a tough stand against those who engage in high-level corruption.However, he lauded the recent initiative of India Against Corruption leader Arvind Kejriwal and his readiness to enter into electoral politics to fight corruption as they point to the need of an alternative movement to expose those who are corrupt and inefficient.\"Anti-corruption activists need to be encouraged since they play a vital role in healing the malaise on the nation's body,\" he said.When asked whether he would enter politics like Arvind Kejriwal to fight corruption, Lyngdoh said he personally did not wish to enter it. When asked about the winning chances of Narendra Modi in the coming Gujarat election, he said Modi would win this time also as there is no viable or credible political alternative in the state.Secular forces in Gujarat are needed to be strengthened to take on Modi, he said. Minorities in Gujarat are not in a risky situation now like during the days of the Godhra carnage in which communal forces changed the state as the laboratory of Hindutva.As chief election Commissioner during the election in Gujarat that followed the communal riots, it was one of the most challenging and turbulent times in his life, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17071136", "title": "Absu warns govt against rehab of suspected Bangladeshis", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Bodo Students' Union (Absu) has warned the state government and the Centre against the rehabilitation and resettlement of suspected Bangladeshis in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area as proper scrutiny of documents of nationality was not being carried out here.Absu president Pramod Boro on Thursday rejected the government's proposal of creating new villages for landless camp inmates in Bodoland Territorial Autonomous Districts (BTAD) and said they will not allow the move. He said the government did not protect the tribal lands despite having a law for protection.He added that creating of new villages in the land of the indigenous people will be a violation of land laws of the country.Boro said if the government fails to address their concerns, they will be compelled to launch an agitation. The outfit said resettlement of riot victims who fail to provide proper documents in support of their nationality in BTC area will not be tolerated.Boro on Thursday demanded the government to extend ration supply to victims for the next six months even after they return to their villages. The union appealed the Centre and state government to provide more rehabilitation grants after assessment of the value of damage to residential and non-insured property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071138", "title": "TOI to honour Gujarati community", "text": "KOCHI: On Saturday, The Times of India will salute the contributions of the Gujarati community. The function will be held during the Dandiya night organized by the Shri Cochin Gujarati Mahajan at the Gujarati College in Mattancherry at 8.30pm.TOI will honour senior members of the community including Mulraj N Vedi and Kakubhai Chakubhai Bhammer, Dilip K Mehta, businessman and Gobind Prasad Goyal,president of the Shri Cochin Gujarati Mahajan Sangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073775", "title": "Meghna spearheads election campaign in Haryana", "text": "Though Meghna Malik, who rose to popularity essaying the character of the staunch Ammaji in Na Aana Is Des Laado, is all set to spearhead the election campaign in Haryana after signing up with the Election Commission as the brand ambassador for the forthcoming state elections, in the interim, Meghna has filled up her time travelling the dusty roads.After the previous brand ambassador, boxer Vijendra Singh, this time around the Haryana Election Commission approached Meghna for the job, considering the poor image against women the state is currently battling, with a spurt in rape cases compounding the already skewed male-female ratio.However, even before she was made this offer, Meghna was on the road to Haryana. \"On my own initiative I was travelling into the innards of Haryana to reach schools, colleges to interact with students and kids. And it was during these visits that I realized that I simply love to interact with the youth,\" says Meghna who hasn't signed up for any new serial after Na Aana Is Des Laado \"I see a new hope in the youth there, who is willing to question and probe everything. And frankly, if my stature as an actor can help provide light to someone, why not!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068696", "title": "No to freebies, yes to other schemes for car dealers", "text": "INDORE: Thanks to slender margins and tough market conditions, car dealers have tightened their budgets as far as offering freebies for the festive season is concerned. However, other offers to lure their customers like free insurance cover and loyalty exchange benefits are the alternative strategies in vogue.The bigger discounts are likely to happen in the month of December when the dealers are in a hurry to clear their stocks.A local dealer of Skoda said that though his company was not giving any discount on prices, it was trying to woo its customers in several other ways like offering free warranty and free insurance cover for a certain period on select models. Commenting on sales, the official said that there was minimal impact as the industry all together was not doing well despite the festive season.A local dealer of Maruti-Suzuki, Praveen Patel, said, \"Though we are offering discounts up to Rs 65,000, we are not giving any such offer on the newly launched Alto 800 as it was already doing well.\"He clarified that he didn't have any plans to withdraw or reduce any discounts being offered by his company.Hyundai's local dealer, Aditya Kasliwal, said, \"We have rather increased the exchange loyalty offer by Rs 5000 to Rs 25000 for our customers.\" An official of Force Motors said that his company was offering discounts of upto Rs 20,000 on a few models. Anup Tiwari, local dealer for VW, said, \"We had a host of lucrative schemes like finance at the rate of interest of 5.99%, free insurance cover and exchange loyalty. However, all those schemes were closed on 31 October. Now we are waiting to hear from our company for fresh offers.Though the sale weren't as per our expectations, we are hopeful it will improve by Diwali.\" Mahindra &amp; Mahindra is offering benefits of upto Rs 61,000 and it has also extended its discount offers for one more month.The company's dealer, Atul Sharma, said, \"There was a disappointment until Navratra. However, we hope things will improve during Pushya Nakshtra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17068953", "title": "Story-telling sessions unravel magical world", "text": "MYSORE: In a fast-paced world, story-telling can be a good way to remind children that spoken words are powerful, that listening is important. The exercise is expected to make them write their own stories, plays, etc. With this concept, home theatre group Kalasuruchi started 'Kathe Kelona Banni' for schoolchildren six years ago. This story-telling session completed 300th chapter recently.Speaking to TOI about the programme, Vijaya Sinduvalli said the concept was the brainchild of the associates of Sinduvalli Anantamurthy, founder of Suruchi Rangamane. Their plan was to make a child a good citizen with values in life.'Kathe Kelona Banni' covers stories from folk, history and mythology genres. Science and socially relevant stories are also told to the children in the sessions, which are held on Saturday evenings. Every week, new guest speakers will narrate a story. So far, N Ratna, Nagalakshmi Harihareshwar, professor H S Venkateshmurthy, R T Rama, C V Keshavamurthya and professor G R Lakshman Rao have narrated the stories. Convener Nagarj claimed that not even once the programme had been skipped. \"Stories are told even if there are five children,\" he added.'Kathe Kelona Banni' is intended to improve listening and concentration power of children. After an hourlong session, activities like 'padakosha' and 'letter writing' will be held to hone the interaction and writing skills in Kannada.Chandana R N, V Std student of JSS Public School, who has been a regular for the past four years, said the sessions have improved his Kannada. \"In the beginning, I was forced to go. But now I go with interest,\" Chandana said.Veena, mother of VII Std student A Varun, has seen changes in her son. \"His memory power and narration skills have improved. After coming from school, he narrates the day's happenings at his school,\" she said.During summer vacations, Kathe Kelona Banni participants will stage a play. \"This makes them love theatre,\" added Vijaya.Sahitya ChawdiSahitya Chawdi sessions are held on the last Sunday of every month, wherein guest speakers will speak on literary works and literature. About 60 such chapters have been completed till date.LibraryA small library has been opened at the garage of Suruchi Rangamane. This will be open on Saturdays from 2pm. The library will be kept open for four hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073402", "title": "RiRi posts topless pic after Halloween party", "text": "Rihanna treated her 2.8milliom Instagram followers to a topless snap the morning after her Halloween bash in West Hollywood.In the photograph, the 24-year-old singer coyly covers her chest with her arms as she sits in a bed wearing a green veil and a tiara, the New York Post reported.\"The morning after! Hello November,\" she captioned the photo.The tattoo on her breast- which she had etched in memory of her late grandmother - is partly revealed in the image.The 'Umbrella' hit maker hosted a star-studded Halloween party the night before at Greystone Manor in West Hollywood, where she donned a green veil and a sparkling green dress.Guests at her party included Lindsay Lohan , Paris Hilton and Chris Brown, who dressed as an ammunition-toting terrorist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068958", "title": "Maharashtra food scam: Private companies eat up Rs 1,000cr meant for poor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private companies have hijacked the government's flagship scheme to provide food to poor children and their mothers, the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS), with contractors in Maharashtra alone controlling Rs 1,000 crore worth of supplies in contravention of Supreme Court orders, a report of the SC commissioners office has said.The SC orders bar contractors from supplying rations under the scheme. It only permits village communities, self-help groups and mahila mandals to buy grains and prepare food for children.The commissioners' report, submitted to the court on Friday, warned that the contractor-corporate lobby had a firm grip over ICDS rations supply business, worth Rs 8,000 crore, in several states. It specifically referred to Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh and Meghalaya, besides Maharashtra.Detailing Maharashtra's case, the report said private companies had floated fronts in the names of 'mahila mandals' or women's organizations to corner the lucrative Rs 1,000 crore annual supply of rations.The ICDS is India's primary social welfare scheme to tackle malnutrition and health problems in poor children below 6 years of age and their mothers. It is considered the backbone of government's efforts to improve the dismal family health indices in India - some of the worst even among developing countries.The commissioners recommended that an independent investigation be conducted under the apex court's supervision to investigate the possible nexus \"between politicians, bureaucrats and private contractors in the provisioning of rations to ICDS, leading to largescale corruption and leakages\".The report, prepared by the principle advisor to the commissioners, said the Maharashtra chief minister had been made aware of the scam by the commissioners as well as the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights. They said the fact that the corrupt system continued unchecked showed the \"level of influence\" the contractors had over the \"levers of power in Maharashtra\".This report lays bare the modus operandi companies used to corner the lucrative contracts in Maharashtra. The state government first changed its rules in 2009 to allow not only community-based organizations but also 'women's institutions' to bid for the supply - a loose enough term to permit any contractor, company or agency with women on board to bid for the contracts.Only three of these 'women's institutions' got contracts for the entire state's ration supply which is worth over Rs 1,000 crore annually. None of these three mahila mandals - Venkateshwara Mahila Audhyogic Sahakari Sanstha, Mahalaxmi Mahila Grhaudyog &amp; Balvikas Buddhesiya Audhyogic Sahakari Sanstha and Maharashtra Mahila Sahakari Grahudhyog Sanstha Limited -- had any production capacity of their own.The three mahila mandals each formed sub-committees with select members handling complete control of administration, finances and operations of the organizations. The sub-committees then gained legitimacy by directly contracting with the state government, securing bank guarantees as well as opening separate bank accounts.The sub-committees went on to contract five companies to supply the rations. But the members on board these sub-committees were all relatives of the owners of the five companies.In other words, the companies had formed shell agencies to bid for the contracts on the pretext of being community-based women's organizations.Venkateshwara formed two sub-committees. One sub-committee farmed out contract to Swapnil Agro Limited owned by Ulhas Pagariya. The sub-committee comprised Pagariya's wife and two relatives. The second sub-committee gave a contract to Paras Agro Private Limited, with one Satishrao Munde as managing director. Munde's wife and daughter comprised the sub-committee.Similarly, Mahalaxmi formed three sub-committees giving out contracts to Indo Allied Protein Foods run by Rajan Shankar Jadhav, Sai Food and Sai Food Products owned by Pradip Auradkar and Sanjay Auradkar and Kota Dal Mill based in Rajasthan.Maharashtra Mahila Sahkari, which is actually a company and not a society with Rama Agrawal as vice-chairman, gave the contract to Sagar Foods run by her father-in-law Prabhudayala Agarwal.The principle advisor to the court commissioners, Biraj Patnaik, refused to comment when contacted.His report said lab reports testing the quality of food grains supplied was also suspect as all three mahila mandals went to the same private lab but government testing found the food lacking. The report said media had earlier highlighted how the ration was of such bad quality that it was at times sold as cattle feed and many times, fungi and termites were found in them. A case on the matter is being heard in the high court as well.The author added that the report should be seen as a preliminary inquiry and not a comprehensive indictment of the parties. They have asked for court directions for an independent authority carrying out an investigation. The apex court gave the state the opportunity to respond to the report and posted the next hearing for November 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070642", "title": "Non-monsoon timetable comes into effect", "text": "MANGALORE: The non-monsoon timetable for mail, express and passenger train operations on Konkan Railway route has come into effect from Thursday. Konkan Railway has been following monsoon timetable from June 15 to October 31 with a view to ensuring safety and punctuality as well as customer satisfaction, taking into account heavy rainfall in Konkan and the geographical as well as geological condition of the region.With the offset of rainy season, the non-monsoon timetable has been made operational. The passengers who have purchased their tickets in advance for their journey on and after November 1 on Konkan Railway stations should reconfirm the arrival and departure timings of trains.The new detailed timings can be viewed on Konkan Railway's official website www.konkanrailway.com or can be confirmed through 139.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17070502", "title": "Jamshedpur boy makes it to TV talent hunt show", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A young boy from the steel city has bagged a place in the TV reality show, Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz, aired on Life Ok channel from Monday to Friday.Rahul Sarkar, a Class VIII student of Vidya Bharati Chinmaya School, Telco, is set to woo the audience with his renditions. Born to parents who are musically inclined, he has won quite a few popular awards, including the national award in Sangam Kala Music competition 2012 in Delhi. He also made it to the finals in the 2011 season of the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Little Champs on Zee TV.Rahul, who also emerged as the finalist in India's Got Talent-Khoj 2 TV show, has music in his veins. His mother, Kakoli Sarkar, is a ghazal singer. \"Although I have trained Rahul, the fact remains that he was always musically inclined,\" said Kakoli, who holds an MA in music from Allahabad University.Ghazal, thumri, dadra, among other forms of classical music, has been handed down to Rahul by his mother. He was trained in Bengali music by his father, Bijay Sarkar, who is a Tata Motors employee. \"He has the talent and we are quite confident that this time around he will make a mark for himself and for the city with the grace of God,\" said Kakoli.Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz is a talent show based on the belief that every child is special and possesses a unique talent. The programme is a platform to showcase the diverse talents without the spirit of competition. The episode featuring Rahul will be aired on November 2 and the repeat telecast of the show will be aired the next morning.\"Music is my world and I will always strive to reach the pinnacle of music at the national level,\" Rahul had said following his win in the Sangam Kala Music competition. His performance has always regaled us and we are looking forward to a great performance from him on Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz, said Shankar, an upcoming singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069548", "title": "Jewellery shop burns garbage in Hazratganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dense black smoke filled the air in Hazratganj much to the inconvenience of the commuters and shopkeepers after a prominent jewellery store in the posh market burned heaps of waste and garbage right in the middle of footpath on Friday afternoon.Surprisingly, municipal authorities were completely unaware of the brazen violation of municipal laws until TOI reporter informed about it to the civic bosses.Additional municipal commissioner PK Srivastava said most of the sanitation staff was off for the day on account of 'Karwa Chauth'. However, he added that burning of garbage in the open is prohibited under the UP Municipal Act 1959. \"We would inquire into the incident and send a notice accordingly on Saturday,\" he said.The incident also led to a traffic jam even as commuters faced a harrowing time for more than two hours. According to an eyewitness, the shopkeeper reportedly set on fire the heap of plastic waste and other garbage from the shop.\"I was stuck in the traffic jam for half an hour and got late for an important meeting,\" said Ajay Singh, a professional. He added that it is still hard to believe that a branded store indulged in such an act. \"The municipal corporation should take strict action against them,\" he said.Experts insist that burning of plastic causes release of gases which are carcinogenic. The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 too terms such an act as a 'crime' that invokes application of Section 278 of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "geneva", "code": "17070161", "title": "Syria rebels could be guilty of war crime: UN", "text": "GENEVA: A video appearing to show Syrian rebels killing soldiers who had surrendered must be verified but appears to constitute a war crime that should be prosecuted, the United Nations human rights office said on Friday. \"Like other videos of this sort, it's difficult to verify immediately in terms of location, who's involved. We need to examine this carefully. It will be examined carefully,\" UN human rights spokesman Rupert Colville said.\"But the allegations are that these these were soldiers who were no longer combatants. And therefore, at this point it looks very likely that this is a war crime, another one,\" he said.In the video, circulated via the internet on Thursday, 10 prisoners are shown being forced by their captors to lie next to or atop one another in what remained of a largely destroyed structure that may have been a military checkpoint. The anti-government fighters, whose precise identity or affiliation were not clear, yell \"Allah Akhbar!\" or \"God is great!\" as they kick and herd the prisoners into a pile. Then they open fire.It shows that both sides were committing atrocities.The video attracted the attention of Amnesty International and other rights groups. It appears to have been made in Saraqeb, a town in Idlib province in northern Syria that has been the scene of brutal fighting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071093", "title": "Punjab National Bank's insurance JV with MetLife soon", "text": "KOCHI: Punjab National Bank (PNB) said on Friday that it is in the process of applying for a clearance for PNB-MetLife, a joint venture between the bank and MetLife .\"We have already received regulatory approval from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ( IRDA ) for that. Now we have to get a clearance from the Competition Commission of India, and we are in the process of filing papers with them. It may take maximum one month to complete the formalities,\" said K R Kamath, chairman and MD of PNB.Kamath and Y Sudhir Kumar Shetty, COO for global operations of UAE Exchange, jointly launched PNB Xpress Money Remit Card, the country's first remittance card. It is a prepaid card that can be used to withdraw foreign remittances through ATMs. It can also be used for shopping. \"This card will enable Xpress Money customers to send and receive money overseas in a secure manner - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week,\" said Kamath.\"The remit card is a cost-effective and time-saving channel for customers, eliminating the hassles of agent visits, backend charges and other related payment issues. The card also enables users to make partial or complete withdrawal of funds. The prepaid card facility would be available to the beneficiaries free of cost and with no annual fees at any of the UAE Exchange branches in India. The beneficiary is provided with a secure PIN and the card would be activated by the bank after ensuring compliance with KYC (Know Your Customer) norms. Once the sender remits the money from the overseas UAE Exchange branch, the funds would be automatically loaded into the prepaid card,\" said Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17071132", "title": "Punia slams low conviction in anti-dalit cases in Odisha", "text": "\"I have never sought legal assistance in the case from the chief secretary. I have filed a petition in the HC and let law take its own course,\" Rout said.Apart from Rout, Punia expressed unhappiness over the state government's shoddy probe into the alleged role of Maharathy, former agriculture minister and Pipili MLA, in the infamous Pipili case in which a 19-year-old girl was killed after allegedly being sexually assaulted.\"There was allegation that main accused Prashant Pradhan was arrested from Maharathy's farmhouse. The DGP told me that he was arrested 13 km away from the farm. I expressed my anguish and sought a proper investigation into Maharathy's role,\" Punia said, adding the very reason why Maharathy was removed from the Cabinet was because Pradhan was reported to be a close aide of him whom he wanted to shield.The NCSC chairman and other members of the commission were in Bhubaneswar on a two-day visit to review state government's performance on constitutional safeguards to SCs.Punia said conviction rate of crimes against dalits in Odisha was just 8 per cent compared to 31 per cent at the all-India level. Odisha registered 1455 heinous crimes against Dalits, including murder, rape and arson, in 2011. In the corresponding period, total 7352 cases were registered in the country. Odisha comes seventh in the list of states having highest atrocities cases against SCs. Uttar Pradesh tops the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17071179", "title": "Mines &amp; tax ministries to share info on ore movement", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a bid to provide better transparency on transportation of minerals, the state government on Friday decided to facilitate sharing of information between the steel and mines and the commercial tax departments by integrating the IT system from November. This will also help to check tax evasion.Steel and mines minister Rajanikanta Singh said the decision was taken after deliberations between both the departments as well as the stake holders in both the systems.Singh said the tax identification number (TIN) would be automatically verified by the steel and mines department system from the commercial tax department system, which will provide a single identification to all the beneficiaries.Similarly, for transport of minerals outside the state by road or rail, the transit passes generated from the steel and mines department system would be imported into commercial tax department system which will result in generating the e-waybills, with substantially reduced input to be provided by the dealers under the commercial tax department.He said the returns filed by the lessees and licensees in his department would also be imported into the commercial tax department system in order to have better transparency and cross checking of information relating to the mineral business in the state by both the departments and to detect tax evasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17068940", "title": "HR managers figure out how to retain employees", "text": "MYSORE: For the first time in three decades, the four chapters of the National Institute of Personnel Management converged here on Friday for the two-day Karnataka Human Resource Mahothsava (KHRM) at which managers are discussing how retain employees and energise the workforce.Experts will speak on challenges faced by HR managers in industries and firms and discuss strategies to overcome them. \"Human resource managers' job has not remained a recruitment task like in earlier years. Today, their greatest challenge is to retain employees,\" said Sharu Rangnekar, legendary management educator from Mumbai.Describing HR as a relationship, the 85-year-old Rangnekar said now HR managers have to make stronger attempts to retain employees because of increased and better opportunities. HR can't retain employees using authority as earlier but with good relationships. Managers have to maintain a cordial relationship with employees and that should not be based on inequality, said Rangnekar.IMRB International south region business head M Panneerselvam told TOI the major challenge for HR managers today is to retain Gen-Y employees who are against monotonous work. They expect new projects once every six months. Talented employees keep changing jobs while average ones stick to one job. \"Companies have to put on their thinking cap to overcome these challenges,\" he added.KHRM chief convenor Ananth Gowda said NIPM has 52 chapters across India and four in Karnataka. \"This is for the first time in the past three decades all four chapters are coming together to discuss challenges faced by HR managers. We also plan to open NIPM units in every business school across Karnataka,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17071187", "title": "Parcel bomb goes off in Ganjam girl's hands", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A 17-year-old girl was seriously injured when a bomb wrapped in a gift pack exploded at her home at Haladiapadar in Golanthara police station area on Friday. The gift parcel was kept at the door of the house. Police suspect the bomb might have been placed by some jilted lover of the girl.\"My mother picked up the packet early in the morning and handed it over to me. Before I could open, it exploded in my hands with a huge sound,\" said the victim, a Plus II student. She sustained injuries on her hands and face and is undergoing treatment at MKCG Medical College and Hospital here. Doctors said she was out of danger.\"I picked up the parcel thinking my son, who works in a garage, might have kept it last night,\" said Souri Behera, the victim's mother.Bomb detection squad and sniffer dogs were pressed into investigation, but no similar bomb was found in the area, police said.IIC-Golanthara P C Mishra said, \"We are investigating from all angles. A clear picture would emerge very soon.''A similar bomb wrapped in a gift pact was recovered by police near another house, about 100 metre away, recently. Police managed to defuse the bomb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17071057", "title": "'Kumbh a boon for human body, environment'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: \"Man is a natural creature who wants to lead life in his own natural way but today he is surrounded by pollution. The 45 days of stay during Kumbh Mela acts as a natural vaccine from the point of spirituality and environment,\" said Vachaspati Tripathi while delivering a lecture on \"Scientific studies on lifestyle-based on natural environment during Kumbh and Kalpawas\" at Allahabad Museum on Thursday.Laying stress on regional prominence and importance of seeds in ayurveda , he said both enhance immunity in human body. Community bathing during Mahakumbh regulate the environment because rays coming from different planets are beneficial for human body, he added. Mela officer Mani Prasad Mishra said scientific facts and figures hold relevance in present context. tnnNehru Gram Bharti University vice-chancellor Prof KP Mishra said it is right to have faith in something but superstitions are harmful. The concept of Kumbh coming as a vaccine needs to be researched. Allahabad Museum director Rajesh Purohit said faith is different from scientific basis and both can only be combined when there is sufficient ground to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073527", "title": "Rough sea pulls Sona into the ocean", "text": "Sona Heiden almost went blue when Nilam the cyclone pulled her into the sea while she was shooting for Onbathula Guru. As superstorm Sandy tore apart parts of the U.S, the city of Chennai too ran for cover as cyclone Nilam threatened to cause severe damage with it's fury.Not heeding warnings, the film unit was supposedly shooting at a beach resort and at one point the rough sea crashed into the shooting spot and reportedly pulled actress Sona Heiden into the sea.\"Yes it's true, we were shooting in a lovely beach resort when i got pulled into the sea - thanks to the cyclone\" she laughed.Fortunately the crew and Premgi rushed out to get hr out of the waters and she was back to safety with no harm done.Sona said \"Though I put on a brave front, I was petrified. I do not know how to swim, so I was struggling, but my entire crew came right away to rescue me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17071134", "title": "Minor 'burnt alive' for dowry in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: In an incident of dowry-related killing in the city, a 15-year-old girl, Purnima Das, was allegedly burnt alive by her husband and in-laws. The victim's family alleged that she was burnt alive by her husband, Sunil Rabha, mother-in-law Sunita Rabha, and sister-in-law Puja Rabha on Thursday night.Purnima, who was rushed to the hospital with almost 90 per cent burn injuries, succumbed to her injuries.Basistha police station has registered a case against the accused under various sections of the law related to cruelty by husband or relatives. So far, police have arrested Sunita Rabha, while the prime accused, Sunil and Puja, are still absconding.The incident occurred at the rented house of Sunil, located at Patarkuchi under Basistha PS.\"Purnima eloped with Sunil in September and got married to him. Soon after marriage, Sunil started asking her to give him Rs 25,000 to buy a motorcycle. She came to me asking for the money. But, my family was not in a financial condition to help her. She told us that Sunil had threatened to kill her if she could not get the money from us. She was very scared,\" said Sinta Das, the victim's mother, who lodged an FIR at the Basista PS.\"We are hunting for the accused, Sunil, and have got some leads. We should be able to nab him soon,\" said a policeman.Sunil and Purnima got married on September 20 and, according to neighbours, just a month later, Sunil started demanding money from her and assault her physically. \"Sunil was a daily wager and has been jobless for some time. When we saw a fire in their house at around 9.30pm, we informed the police. Though we don't know what exactly happened, we suspect that Sunil and his family burnt Purnima alive,\" said a neighbour.Earlier, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) had expressed concern over the rise in crimes against women in Assam. Similarly, the latest report published by the National Crime Records Bureau's (NCRB) reveals that the state has become one of worst places in the country in terms of crime against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069070", "title": "Jayalalithaa, Panruti spar over dengue", "text": "CHENNAI: A lively debate between Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa and DMDK deputy leader of the opposition Panruti S Ramachandran on various issues, including dengue and electricity, enlivened proceeding in the state assembly on Friday.During the debate, when Panruti suggested that the government provide free mosquito nets so that people could protect themselves against dengue, Jayalalithaa retorted that the dengue causing mosquitoes bite people in the mornings and one cannot afford to walk around wearing these nets during the day. But with a spurt in the number of dengue cases in Tamil Nadu, demand for mosquito nets have risen. Adding to the soaring demand has been various claims by research organisations that the use of mosquito repellents could lead to health and skin problems due to the chemical substances in it.Countering another argument by Ramachandran about concerns over various disease like dengue and bird flu in the state, the chief minister said, \"The deputy opposition leader is talking as if Tamil Nadu is the only state, which is affected by bird flu, A(H1N1) and dengue. But, actually, when compared to our state, Karnataka, Andhra Pradhesh and other states are more affected by these diseases.\"The chief minister said it was usual for about 1% of the state's population to have fever on any given day.\"The numbers go up to 2% of the population during the monsoon season. This is normal every year,\" she said. Dengue fever, she added, can be diagnosed only through Elisa tests.When the opposition leader asked the state government to give a clear picture about dengue to the people, Jayalalithaa said in order to create awareness among the people about the disease, the state government had recently released a documentary film, which was being continuously screened by all television channels, cinema theatres and local cable television.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17071177", "title": "PILs for court probe into violence dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: Two writ petitions seeking a judicial probe into the police lathicharge on protesters in Kudankulam on September 10 were dismissed by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday.The court observed that the petitioners had not given any particulars, either with regard to injured persons or the houses said to have been destroyed or looted, and hence the petitioners cannot get any relief.Petitions were filed by People's Union Of Civil Liberties state convener A Marx and Human Rights Protection Centre deputy secretary S Vanchinathan.According to the petitioners, police lathicharged the crowd of 5,000 people who had gathered at Idinthakarai and Kudankulam villages in Tirunelveli district on September 10. Due to the lathicharge, 50 people sustained injuries and two persons died. Hence, they sought a judicial probe, medical assistance to the injured persons and compensation to the victims of the incident.The division bench comprising Justices K Suguna and R Mala heard the petitions, but reserved their orders after hearing arguments from both sides recently.On Friday, the bench passed orders dismissing the petitions on the ground of insufficiency of particulars.\"When the petitioners have come before the court seeking a judicial inquiry into an incident, based on certain commissions and omissions, unless the details of the same are given, the question of accepting the stand of the petitioners and ordering such an inquiry does not arise,\" the bench pointed out.With regard to medical assistance, the petitioners have not given details of hospitals, except one Kasturibai Hospital, where the injured persons had taken treatment, the court observed.If the argument of the petitioners that a court cannot decide the merits and demerits of a policy, and only popular struggle can do so, is accepted, disastrous consequence will arise, the order pointed out.Hence the writs were dismissed, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070637", "title": "Coastal city likely to get cycling tracks", "text": "MANGALORE: If everything falls in place according to the plans of Mangalore Urban Development Authority (Muda), the coastal city is likely to get tracksexclusively for bicycle buffs. They can pedal their eco-friendly wheels on tracks made either in Kadri Park or erstwhile Deer Park. Both the parks are situated opposite to each other.Muda chairman S Ramesh told TOI that a survey is already underway to study the possibilities of constructing cycling tracks in these parks. \"After the completion of the survey, we will submit a report detailing the estimated cost of the bicycle track project to the government, he said.Probably after Mysore, Mangalore is the second city among two-tier cities in the state to get a bicycle track.\"More projects are lined up for the beautification of these parks. A musical water fountain and a walking track will be constructed in Kadri Park. Muda in association with the department of horticulture will beautify the Deer Park by planting saplings,\" he said.He said, \"We are developing these two parks to provide people a place to recreate.\"The earlier Deer Park and Kadri Park are spread over 1.72 acres and 13.29 acres respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17070429", "title": "NCP says ready for probe into 'monetary gains'", "text": "PUNE: Refuting allegations of monetary gains in the making of new Development Plan (DP) for the old city area, the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Friday said that it was ready for a probe by the CID or any other agency. The party also defended the changes made in the reservations earmarked in the DP.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and some Congress leaders had recently demanded that the DP be cancelled, alleging monetary gains accruing to the ruling party during the DP making process. They had asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to order a probe into the matter or hand over the case to the state CID.\"We are ready for any probe. The state can conduct the investigation or appoint any agency. Those who are accusing us of fraud want to meddle in the DP process. Instead, city MLAs should promise the PMC and citizens that they will ensure that the state government does not delay the approval of the DP,\" said Subhash Jagtap, NCP corporator and leader of the House in PMC.Opposition MLAs Girish Bapat, Madhuri Misal and Bhimrao Tapkir, Congress MLA Ramesh Bagwe and MLC Mohan Joshi had termed the DP to be 'financial loot'. They had claimed that reservations earmarked for amenities in the DP were altered on the behest of builders and developers.Jagtap said, \"We do not deny that we have altered reservations. Some reservations were earmarked in the 1987 DP, but the land was not acquired. How long should the land owner wait? If the PMC has failed to acquire the land, the owner should not have to suffer. We have vacated such reservations.\"\"We are being accused of giving an advantage to the builders' lobby. How people see the changes depends on the perspective of each and every individual. We have drafted the Development Control (DC) rules to help common citizens. We have made the DC rules uncomplicated. This will benefit the common man as well as builders. After all, builders are going to construct buildings for citizens,\" Jagtap said.NCP corporators met on Friday to discuss the DP. However, apart from PMC corporators, no party leader, MLA or MP has taken a stand on the DP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071527", "title": "AP govt seeks stay on med entrance test", "text": "HYDERABAD: Charging that the Centre and the Medical Council of India (MCI) had been ignoring the special rights which have been conferred on Andhra Pradesh under Article 371(d) of the Constitution, the state government on Friday urged high court to stay the national-level entrance test scheduled to be held on November 23 for admissions to post graduate medical courses.Additional advocate general KG Krishna Murthy told a two-judge bench that MCI, which has issued a notification for PG admissions, has made no mention of anything to do with the special rights of AP and was going ahead with the exam schedule without heeding the provisions of Article 371(d). That would adversely affect the interests of AP students, he said. Under Article 371(d), the Indian Constitution recognises the need for the uplift of the backward areas of AP, allowing the state to have zone-wise reservations, the additional AG said.When the MCI counsel spoke about the rules made by council, the bench told him that, \"any rule has to be in accordance with the Constitution . Even Supreme Court has said that Article 371(d) will prevail over all other Acts and Rules. Since this Article was inserted following a Presidential Order, all admissions made contrary to it will have to be invariably set aside\" .So saying, the bench directed the MCI to file its reply by Monday and posted the case to Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17071234", "title": "Dead doctor's brother moves HC", "text": "CUTTACK: The brother of deceased Ayurvedic doctor Madhabilata Pradhan on Friday filed a writ petition in the Orissa high court, appealing for a CBI probe into her death.The body of the doctor, had been missing since October 12, was found on railway tracks near Puri on October 27. The mystery deepened as government railway police (GRP) buried the body after three days of the postmortem, saying that no one had come forward to claim it. Though the postmortem report said she committed suicide, but her family members have alleged foul play.The petitioner, Nilakantha Pradhan, alleged that his sister was murdered and police were trying to shield the culprits by terming it as a suicide case. \"A thorough investigation by an independent agency such as the CBI could unravel the truth behind Madhabilata's death,\" Nilakantha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069615", "title": "Both called home mins before", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Parents of Ilin and Abhishek are absolutely shattered by this turn of events. Both spoke to their family members around 45 minutes before the accident. Abhishek enquired about three books from his father, sub-inspector Raj Pal while Ilin discussed plans to visit his aunt's house on Diwali with his father Gurjinder Sason.Barely hours after talking about books with his son, a shattered sub-inspector Raj Pal found himself sitting in the GMCH-32 mortuary. \"Abhishek talked to me around 11pm about some books. He also enquired about his mother and sister, but did not tell me that he is out of the PG,\" the distraught father said. Abhishek is survived by his parents and a younger sister. He came to Chandigarh nine months ago to take IIT coaching.Gurjinder Sason, father of Ilin, is also trying to deal with the tragedy. \"I had a terrible premonition when a policeman called to tell me that my son had met with an accident. I steeled my heart and rushed to Chandigarh with Ilin's mother Richa,\" he said, standing at the entrance to GMCH-32.For Gurjinder, a manager with UCO Bank, the abrupt and forced farewell robbed him of a chance to show his son their newly bought house in lower Shimla. \"We purchased a new house in lower Shimla around one and a half months ago. Ilin was yet to see it. He said he was very keen to see the house when he last spoke to me,\" Gurjinder Sason said.His parents have the cruel task of reconciling with fate and living with memories on their hands. \"Ilin was a topper in his convent school at Shimla and he was passionate about fashion and modelling. He wanted to go to Bollywood. A taekwondo coach from Shimla, who had initially trained The Great Khali in Himachal, was to meet Ilin,\" a teary-eyed Gurjinder recalled. Ilin's inconsolable mother Richa Sason was not in a condition to talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069180", "title": "Woman sets herself ablaze with 8-yr-old son, hubby under scanner", "text": "NAGPUR: A trainee State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) constable is under the scanner after his wife set herself afire with their eight-year-old son in their rented room at Shailesh Nagar in Nandanwan police station jurisdiction on Friday. Police found a suicide note in the kitchen, in which Nisha Katole said no one is responsible for her death. However, suspecting foul play in the suicide note, cops have sent the note to a handwriting expert.Manoj Katole was undergoing SRPF training at Amravati while Nisha, who recently completed her DEd, was staying at Nagpur with her son Swayam, a standard II student. Their landlord Datta Burade said Manoj would come to meet his wife and son every month. It's been two years since the Katoles moved into Burade's third floor room.Police suspect Manoj Katole was having an illicit relationship outside his marriage, and this led to his wife's suicide.The suicide came to fore around 8am when Swayam's autorickshaw driver came to pick him up for school. \"Despite repeated shouts from the auto driver, Swayam didn't come down. I asked him to go and check, and he found fumes coming from the room. We opened the door and found a burned Nisha on the bed while Swayam was lying near her. Both were lifeless,\" said landlady Kalpana.The Katole couple had a love marriage and hence NIsha's parents had ended all relations with her. However, police have informed her parents at Chandrapur.Police believe the fire started in the wee hours. They are curious how nearby residents did not hear the screams of the mother-son duo.Katole, an ex-Army jawan, had been selected for training as an SRPF constable just nine months back. He left the army two years ago and had shifted to Nagpur from their native place Katol. For a year, he worked as an accountant in a shop at Nandanwan before he was selected for the SRPF.Kalpana Burade said Katole's grandmother expired on Tuesday. Nisha and Swayam had gone to Katol from Nagpur while Manoj came directly from Amravati. The couple returned on Wednesday morning and Manoj went back to Amravati in the afternoon. \"We never saw any argument between the couple in the last two years,\" she added.Police said they came to know from the SRPF training centre that Katole was on leave for the last few days and was yet to join. The cops were questioning Katole about some doubtful points in his statements till late on Friday evening.Cops said that in spite of being told about the suicide in the morning, Katole came to the city only in the evening and reported at the police station. Police said that initially he also did not receive their calls.Interestingly, the suicide note was found in the kitchen while the bodies were in the bedroom. Cops are also trying to find out why the gas cylinder was in the bedroom.Police have registered a case of accidental death as of now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17070419", "title": "Goa highway blocked over condition of road", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Peasants and Workers Party (PWP) on Friday staged a demonstration at the Wadkhal Naka on the Mumbai-Goa highway over the poor condition of a stretch of the highway.From 10am to 12 noon, PWP activists blocked the highway and demanded immediate government action to repair the 70km highway stretch between Panvel and Kolad, which has several cracks and potholes. PWP leader Jayant Kulkarni told mediapersons that despite the stretch being part of such an important and busy highway, the road conditions were terrible to say the least.Highway patrol police directed vehicles stuck due to the dharna to the Pen-Khopoli route so that they could avoid the blocked Wadkhal Naka. \"The road between Kharpada and Nagothane has severe cracks and rough patches, leading to minor and major mishaps. Also, the road from Wadkhal to Alibaug is in poor condition. We want the state government to repair it soon,\" said Patil.In September, BJP leader Vinod Tawde had also held a protest rally at this stretch for the same reason. A Raigad tehsildar had heard the demands and promised to take the matter up with state authorities.The PWP activists said that they will now march to the office of the Ragiad collector in Alibaug next week if no action is taken to repair the road stretches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070803", "title": "1,322 traffic rule breaches in 25 secs at Dhaula Kuan", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a pointer to an overwhelming trend across the city, a 25-second video footage of a small stretch at Dhaula Kuan on Ring Road during morning rush hour has revealed how almost all the commuters violated traffic norms. There were at least 1,322 violations during this brief span, with the offenders turning the four-lane carriageway into 12 lanes of mixed traffic of cars, two-wheelers and tractors locked in a mad rush to zip ahead.The video, shot by the Institute for Road Traffic Education (IRTE) on October 28, was shown at a road safety convention, organized by the International Road Federation (IRF), leaving transport and safety experts stumped about Delhi's traffic woes.'Most unaware of lane violations'IRTE president Rohit Baluja said that a similar study was carried out across the national capital in 2007, which showed 146 million traffic violations were occurring in a day. While 138 millions were moving violations, 34 millions were due to road engineering faults.\"The report was accepted by the Delhi government and was one of the reasons behind setting up of an umbrella body for planning and clearing all transport infrastructure projects, UTTIPEC. When we studied the recent video footage, we found that almost all the commuters were overtaking each other or changing lanes without giving any sign or indication. This is a practice on all city roads. Almost all commuters are unaware of lane violations and how they lead to accidents,\" Baluja said.With traffic police focusing on major violations such as drunk dri8ving and over speeding, little has been done to inculcate a sense of discipline among drivers, feel traffic experts. \"The video footage showed how two-wheelers were switching lanes. In fact, most commuters don't know that they violate traffic norms by changing lanes like this and that they can be penalized,\" said V L Patankar, additional director general (ADG) of highway ministry.The ADG suggested pilot studies on stretches to map how commuters violate norms, and they should be notified. \"Once they are informed what violations they are committing, the violators should be penalized. This is possible using electronic surveillance of two-three stretches without notifying the commuters,\" Patankar said.Even traffic and transport experts from abroad, who took part in the conference, observed that best practices, which have been successful in other parts of the world, might prove unsuccessful in Indian cities like Delhi because of the sheer number of violations and a solitary lane accommodating vehicles of as many as three-four lanes.To make matters worse, the huge share of two-wheelers - almost 68% of the entire traffic - makes it even more difficult to enforce immediate changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070498", "title": "Congress defends Rahul, rubbishes Swamy's charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy hurled several allegations against the Gandhi family, the Congress said it had provided interest-free loans to the ailing company that ran National Herald without any commercial profits.Battle over Swamy's allegations against Gandhi family heightened on Friday, when he struck to his allegations and challenged Rahul Gandhi to move court with a defamation case as threatened by the latter in response to the charges.While Congress accepted that had provided interest-free loans to Associated Journals Pvt Ltd (AJPL), which owns National Herald and Quami Awaz, it said the move was only part of its political activities. \"It is a matter of pride for the Indian National Congress that it has supported the Associated Journals Ltd, publisher of National Herald and other newspapers founded by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1937, which have played a role in our freedom movement. Congress has done its duty in supporting AJPL to help initiate a process to bring the newspaper back to health in compliance with the laws of the land,\" said Janardan Dwivedi, Congress general secretary.Swamy on Friday accepted Rahul's threat to move court, raising the prospect of a heightened battle between the Congress's first family and the Janata Party president, with the BJP too endorsing Swamy's claims.\"My advice to Rahul Gandhi is to grow up and go to the court and file a defamation case,\" Swamy said on Friday. \"I will fight you there,\" he said.Swamy said he has not read the letters sent by Rahul's lawyer and his office on Thursday. \"I have not read either of those letters. I have thrown them in my dustbin,\" he said.Swamy's belligerent stand came a day after he accused Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul of floating a private company for non-profit and taking over the assets worth Rs 1,600 crore of now-defunct National Herald newspaper, by committing a few lakh rupees. He also accused Rahul of not disclosing his shareholding in Associated Journals, which was founded by Jawaharlal Nehru.Swamy has accused Young Indian, a Section 25 company floated by the Gandhis, of illegally letting out two floors of Herald House here to the ministry of external affairs' passport division.Swamy said he was not resorting to a shoot-and-scoot operation, but would take the entire case to the logical conclusion. The first step in it was his letters to the Prime Minister and the Election Commission . If he doesn't receive satisfactory replies within a reasonable timeframe, he would move court for a special probe as was done in the 2G scam. Swamy hinted that he could move court as early as December.Congress leader Abhishek Singhvi said the nature, manner and timing of the allegations clearly substitute sensation for sense and superficiality for substance. \"Those making the allegations seem to be joining the season for making irresponsible charges on completely non-issues,\" Singhvi said.Addressing a press conference on Friday, Congress spokesman P C Chacko challenged Swamy to move court if he was convinced of his charges instead of adopting hit-and-run tactics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17071133", "title": "Transporters face people's wrath over fare hike", "text": "GUWAHATI: Traffic was paralyzed on Friday after owners of buses and share taxis decided to withdraw their vehicles from roads following scuffle between private transport workers and people over fare hike.Passengers manhandled transport workers at Narengi, Maligaon and Ganeshguri areas of the city since Friday morning when they were charged revised fares. Following these untoward incidents, the Coordination Committee of Bus Owners and Share Taxis of Guwahati called an indefinite strike till the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) of Kamrup (Metro) district approves the fares of buses and share taxis decided by the their committee.\"We are disappointed at the role of RTA. After the transport department fixed the fares of buses and share taxis, it was the duty of the RTA to approve the revised rates. Private transporters decided to hike the fares when the RTA failed to meet the demands of transporters to officially hike the fares,\" said Pradip Das, the secretary general of All Assam Motor Transport Association.He added that though the state transport department published the notification regarding revised fares for all modes of transport in Assam on October 18, the RTA, Kamrup (Metro), did not approve the fares even after one week of the notification.AGP activists also staged a protest against fare hike by burning effigy of state transport minister Chandan Brahma in the city on Friday.All bus stoppages in the city were overcrowded with passengers due to shortage of buses and share taxis on Friday.Only a few buses of Assam State Transport Corporation were plying on the roads, which was not enough to carry all the passengers. \"The government should sort out the contradictory issues with the transporters. Since the government does not have enough buses, we have to depend on private transporters,\" said Pradyut Sarma of Chandmari.Autorickshaws across the city were charging excessive fares as passengers had no other way to reach their destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17070557", "title": "Mountaineer eyes seven summits", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Ace mountaineer, Premlata Agarwal, has added yet another feather to her cap. She climbed 16,024 ft high Carstensz summit situated in Indonesia on October 23.Premlata, the oldest Indian woman mountaineer to have scaled Mt Everest, reached the Carstensz Pyramid after seven days of trekking.\"With this (conquering Carstensz peak) I have scaled five of the seven summits of all the continents,\" said Premlata here on Fridayafter her return to the city from a successful expedition.Mt Everest (29,035 ft-Asia), Carstensz Summit (16024 ft-Indonesia), Mt Elbrus (18,510ft-Europe), Mt Aconcagua (22,841 ft-South America) and Mt Killimanjaro (19,341ft-Africa) are the five summits that have been conquered by the determined 48-year-old mountaineer so far.With her triumphant expedition to Carstensz Pyramid, Premlata has earned a special recognition of being the only Indian woman to climb the steep and difficult mountain peak of the world.Premlata announced she would go for an expedition to Mt Vinson Massif in Antarctica in December and subsequent to that, make a second bid to climb the Mount McKinley peak in North America sometime in May/June next year.\"I shall complete climbing the seven summits of the world once I successfullycomplete my expedition to Mt Vinson (16,050 ft) and Mt McKinley (20,327ft),\" said Premlata who calls the first Indian woman mountaineer Bachendri Pal her idol.Premlata, who is also a mother of two grown up daughters, had attempted to climb Mt McKinley, now renamed Mt Denali, in May this year but was forced to return owing to bad weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17070091", "title": "Doctor may have helped \u00e2\u20ac\u02dckidnapper\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, say cops", "text": "THANE: A doctor with Balaji Hospital in Diva has been detained for his alleged role in the kidnapping of a newborn on Thursday.According to the Mumbra police, Preeti Patil (25) reportedly kidnapped a day-old baby boy belonging to Suvarna and Tukaram Pawar on Thursday afternoon, but was arrested within seven hours.Patil has been remanded in police custody for three days. \"During her interrogation, she claimed that the doctor had tipped her off about the newborn. He has been detained and the decision to arrest him will be taken after a thorough probe,\" a senior police official told TOI.\"Patil desired a baby boy and had undergone an abortion seven months ago. The family of her second husband was eager that she bear a male child,\" deputy commissioner of police Ashok Dudhe said.On Thursday, Patil managed to enter Balaji Hospital in Diva and befriended Tukaram (45) and his 25-year-old wife, Suvarna, who had delivered a baby on Wednesday.After the couple went to their Diva home, Pawar and Patil decided to go to a Dombivli doctor with the newborn for vaccination.\"When the two were about to board a local, Patil asked Pawar to give the baby to her as she would sit in a ladies compartment. Pawar gave the baby to her. However, Patil got down at Kopar station along with the newborn,\" said a police officer.\"Since Patil worked at the hospital as a receptionist, we managed to trace her immediately,\" he added.Meanwhile, cops from Bhoiwada approached the Thane police on Friday to verify if Patil was in any way connected to the kidnapping of a baby from Wadia Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069358", "title": "Egg-cellent news! Flippers arrive", "text": "PANAJI: Mandrem beach played host to the season's first turtle nesting in the wee hours of Friday. A quiet and secluded spot seems to be flashing on the flippered visitors' radar screen.And an Olive Ridley turtle arrived at the same site around 1.25am. A private guard on the beach saw the fading turtle tracks and alerted the forest department. It dug for a few minutes in the tidal zone in overcast conditions caused by cyclonic storm Nilam. \"It laid 133 eggs in an hour's time,\" D N Carvalho, deputy conservator of forests (wildlife and eco tourism), North Goa, told TOI on Friday.\"133 is the opening score,\" a turtle lover declared happily. Forest officials and turtle lovers in the area were pleasantly surprised by the choice of a new address for the first nesting. \"Usually, it happens either in Agonda or Galgibaga in South Goa or Morjim,\" a forest official from South Goa said.\"It (Mandrem) is perhaps the only natural and undisturbed part of Pernem's commercialized beach stretches,\" a turtle lover explained. The turtle nestings in Mandrem have shown an increase during the last season (August 2011-May 2012).Out of the blue, two turtles had surfaced on the unlit spot during the last season. The third one had laid its eggs at another spot. Shrinking turtle habitats and noisy conditions on beaches have affected the two-decade-old turtle conservation programme in the state.Morjim and Mandrem in North Goa and Agonda and Galgibaga in South Goa have been designated turtle nesting beaches under the new Coastal Regulations Zone 2011.A light drizzle greeted the first flippered visitor this season. \"The 133 eggs had to be shifted to a higher spot about 30m away,\" Amar Heblekar, range forest officer (wildlife), said. The high tide was coming in and no sooner was the shifting done that the mother turtle turned her back on her eggs.The turtle tracks appeared larger than usual. \"She was a big one,\" Heblekar said.Villagers are viewing the arrival of the first turtle in Mandrem as a good omen. \"A few locals said that the ecology and beach area should be protected for more nestings,\" a turtle lover said.The incubation period is about 48 days and the weather can affect the hatchlings. \"But luckily, the drizzle only soaked the top soil,\" a source said.Turtle lovers are wistfully hoping for yet another productive season. A total of 15 nestings, including 12 in Morjim and three in Mandrem and around nine in South Goa were reported during August 2011-May 2012.\"The first nesting was in Agonda during August,\" a source said. \"It was an eventful year 2012 as a critically endangered Hawksbill sea turtle, which is hardly seen on Goan shores, was rescued from a fishing net,\" a turtle lover said.Two juvenile marine turtles rescued at Mandrem beach on June 18, 2012 were released in the deep sea by the Indian Navy after about a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "17070208", "title": "Manpreet proposes alliance with Congress for 'stronger opposition'", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The Peoples Party of Punjab (PPP) President Manpreet Singh Badal on Friday proposed an alliance with Congress for a \"stronger opposition\" against the ruling SAD-BJP combine.His party members, including 22 district chiefs, were unanimously in favour of an alliance with the Congress in the interest of Punjab, he said. He, however, maintained that the proposal would be tabled before Sanjha Morcha, which comprises PPP, Left parties and SAD (L).\"Only after a consensus is reached within the Sanjha Morcha, a united opposition will be formed,\" he said. He claimed that it would cost the SAD-BJP combine dear in the polls.He also rubbished allegations of dictatorial functioning and misappropriation of funds levelled against him by party media in-charge Arunjot Sodhi. Terming the charges as \"wild rants of an employee\", Badal said Sodhi had been asked to leave office a fortnight ago.Sodhi, on the other hand, has slammed Manpreet Badal for making baseless allegations against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070338", "title": "Leading diabetologist gets award for research paper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leading diabetologist Dr Mayur Patel was presented oration award at a three-day conference organized by Research Society for the Study of Diabetes in India (RSSDI) in Chennai recently for his paper, \"Reducing burden of diabetes: Dream or Reality?\".Dr Patel said that the burden of diabetes is growing exponentially in India. In year 2000, there were 30 million diabetics in the country which will rise to 100 million in 2030.\"Indians get diabetes at least 10-15 years earlier than their western counterparts. Diabetes needs immediate attention because apart from the existing 60 million diabetics in the country, there are an equal number of pre-diabetics who will develop diabetes in the longer run, if they don't undertake preventive measures,\" said Dr Patel.Dr Patel said that his study had found that 66% people who have diabetes are not aware that they suffer from the disease. Nearly 55% are diagnosed when complications have already set in. \"Managing diabetes through population-based interventions is important because studies have found that 60% diabetics were forced to mortgage their properties to fund their treatments arising out of complications\".The doctors said that diabetes is not well controlled in majority patients. \"The need is to train more doctors and health workers so that diabetes is treated well in the initial stages and complications are prevented. On the police level, there should be focus also on over-nutrition and not just under-nutrition,\" said Dr Patel.In the conference, Dr Jhalak Patel was also awarded first prize for best poster presentation on the role of colour doppler in detecting early kidney disease in diabetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17070770", "title": "Nashik lad in intnternational cricket tournament", "text": "NASHIK: A 24-year-old deaf and mute cricketer from Nashik, Vijay Sanap, has been included in the Indian team that will play in the Asia Cup Cricket Tournament for the deaf and mute scheduled to begin in Lahore, Pakistan, from November 22. The second edition of the tournament will be played in Lahore from November 22 to December 2.Five teams\u00e2\u20ac\u201d India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and the host Pakistan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are in the fray. Defending champs Pakistanwill be vying to retain their title.Sanap, who plays under the regular as well as the special group category, has been a key player in the Indian team. During the inaugural series held in 2007 in Sri Lanka, Sanap took the Indian team in the final with a whirlwind 95 runs in the semi- final against Sri Lanka. He also scalped three victims with his accurate off-spin bowling to lift the man-of-the-match award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17070145", "title": "Sukhbir, Dhindsa to discuss with Pakistan govt", "text": "BARNALA: Apart from the peaceniks, the Punjab government is also concerned over the Pakistan government's decision to put on hold the renaming of a roundabout in Lahore after martyr Bhagat Singh. During a visit to Pakistan, a delegation, led by Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal and former Union minister Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa , will take up the matter with the Pakistan government.Dhindsa said, \"The delegation will take up the matter with the government during its visit from November 6\". Dhindsa said, even though he would be leaving for Islamabad on Saturday to take part in the Saarc speakers' conference, he would accompany the Punjab delegation on November 6 at Lahore. The Punjab delegation will cross over to Pakistan on November 5, said Dhindsa. He said the delegation would approach the Pakistan government to impress upon the authorities to rename Shadman chowk, where Bhagat Singh was hanged on March 23, 1931, after the martyr.The Pak authorities had decided to rename the chowk after Bhagat Singh but later it put the decision on hold following objections from certain organizations.Meanwhile, peaceniks on both the sides have objected the decision to defer the renaming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17071157", "title": "Odisha Jan Morcha functionary arrested, released", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Friday arrested Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) functionary Amiya Pandav ahead of OJM's November 19 rally, which he described as a sequel to government's blocking of vehicles ferrying their supporters to its October 28 public meeting here. Pandav, however, was released after he produced the anticipatory bail he had secured from the Orissa High Court on October 1.Mancheswar police arrested Pandav for allegedly torching the vehicle of one Dipti Ranjan Mohanty by barging into his GGP Colony house on September 26.\"The government first tried to sabotage our rally in Bhubaneswar. Now, they arrested me a day after OJM announced to hold its second rally at Bhawanipatna,\" said Pandav, a member of the monitoring committee for the upcoming event. Dissident BJD leader and OJM founder Pyarimohan Mohapatra is scheduled to address in the Kalahandi town on November 19.\"The timing of the arrest is significant as police swooped down on my house when I was preparing to leave for Bhawanipatna to oversee preparations there,\" Pandav said. Police said Pandav was arrested around 9 am and released after one of his friends came to the police station around two hours later.Pandav said he was framed in a false case and arrested for political reasons. \"The particular time when the alleged incident took place, I was shooting for a news programme for a private TV channel. The police case was lodged when I booked the Lohia Academy for Pyarimohan's press conference,\" he said. Mohanty, however, stood by his allegation. \"Pandav and his associates came into my house and torched my vehicle. A portion of it was burnt,\" he said.Police defended the arrest. \"There is no political pressure on police to act in a particular manner. He was arrested on the basis of an allegation made against him and released after he produced bail,\" DCP Nitinijeet Singh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071476", "title": "Tension mounts in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Old City of Hyderabad remained tense for the second consecutive day on Friday with three incidents of attacks and counter attacks reported since late Thursday night. Almost coinciding with the UNESCO team's Charminar visit to inspect the monument for the World Heritage tag was heavy sloganeering from both the communities even as the police beefed up its presence around the Old City and even barricaded Charminar from Gulzar Houz onwards.On Thursday night, two boys aged 14 and 18 were attacked at Afzalgunj and on Friday a 25-year-old was stabbed at Engine Bowli. Two vehicles, including one of Mirchowk assistant commissioner of police were also damaged. The police however remained tight-lipped about the stabbing incidents and government hospitals did not confirm any such admissions . The police remained vigilant and was posted in large numbers across all sensitive areas of the Old City. As many as 14 platoons of armed police and 2 companies of RAF were posted across the area.On Friday, residents had sensed trouble since morning when they woke up to unusual heavy security and bandobast in the Old City. Shops along the Gulzar Houz-Charminar and Gulzar Houz-Kali Kaman Road were shut. Shops pull down shutters in Old CityTrouble started when a large group gathered at the Bhagyalakhshmi temple around 12.15 pm and performed puja followed by a parikrama of the temple while indulging in much sloganeering for about 15 minutes before the police dispersed the crowd to ensure the Friday prayers at Mecca Masjid went smoothly.But by 1.30 pm, the situation was tense again as people started leaving the Mecca Masjid after the prayers and a group assembled at the entrance of the mosque waiting for AIMIM MLAs Ahmed Pasha Quadri and Mumtaz Khan who were offering prayers at the mosque.The group started sloganeering as soon as they spotted the MLAs but the police dispersed this crowd too. But tension continued building up with people following Mumtaz Khan's vehicle to his residence near Charminar bus stop.However, the police and RAF platoons dispersed the crowd thus preventing the group from entering sensitive areas such as Lal Darwaza and Haribowli.Sloganeering continued till Friday evening when the Bhagyalakshmi temple undertook an a a r t i. Many shopkeepers rolled downed their shutters fearing trouble and said the police had ordered them to shut their business establishments by 8 pm. However, police officials maintained that no such orders were given.The Old City has remained tense through the week with trouble starting soon after Bakrid celebrations over the last weekend.The police picked up eight people from both communities for questioning and placed 33 police nakas across South Zone to prevent stabbing incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17070254", "title": "'Cricketing ties with Pak no dilution of stand on 26/11'", "text": "GURGAON: Even as he spoke in favour of resuming cricketing ties with Pakistan, the new foreign minister, Salman Khurshid , said on Friday that there is no question of any dilution of India's position on 2008 Mumbai attacks.Khurshid said that the cricket board officials had already shown a \"degree of aloofness\", which was required after the attacks and that they should be trusted if they wanted to resume cricket with Pakistan.\"I like watching cricket...these are issues that are decided from time to time by people who have the authority and the mandate to decide how far they should go and I think we should have faith in them and trust them,\" said Khurshid, talking to reporters on the sidelines of the IOR-ARC meet in Gurgaon. He added a word of caution, though, when he said that any decision taken by the board will not be \"irreversible\".Khurshid said it is not always that matters require government intervention. \"But as far as cricket is concerned, we are certainly concerned about issues that relate to accountability for a very unwholesome attack on our citizens and we expect all countries, including our neighbouring country Pakistan, to deliver on their frequently indicated, promised or for that matter, indication that they will make those people accountable,\" he added.\"There is no question of dilution of our demands and expectations,\" he said.Giving a peep into his understanding of the Pakistan issue, Khurshid said India could put aside some issues on which there isn't an immediate resolution, and continue with those issues on which \"consensually\" it is possible to have improvement of relations.\"I don't think isolation and I don't think cutting off any contact or any communication has ever helped. And we do hope that this will be seen more to persuade people that this is a collaborative effort and what was a conflict must be put to an end,\" he said.\"It's a conflict on which there must be a delivery of expectations we have, but we don't want the clock to come to a standstill. The clock does move forward,\" he added.\" We are cautious, we are careful, we are committed to the security of our country and our people, we are committed to accountability for the wrongs that has been done, but we do want to look at a possible future, a future that is not held hostage by the past,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071131", "title": "Private players make hay as Milma sulks", "text": "KOCHI: With the supply of Milma milk getting disrupted far too often, private players in the market are seeing a spurt in their business. And many of these milk manufacturers are now planning to market their products aggressively as they feel consumers, who use their products during such disruptions, will stick with them.\"We sold 40,000 additional litres of milk on Tuesday as Milma supply was hit by strike. And on Wednesday, we sold an additional 15,000 litres even though Milma had resumed supply. We hope to maintain this tempo in sales,\" said Peoples Dairy Development Project (PDDP) assistant manager Biju George.He said PDDP, which at present has supply chains in Ernakulam, Thrissur, Kottayam and Alappuzha districts, was planning to expand its presence to other districts too. It also offers home delivery through distributors.Private players also claimed they were conducting tests regularly to ensure quality. An official of Jeeva Milk said the company was following all the norms to ensure quality and regularly conducted various tests to ensure that no harmful bacteria was present in the packed milk marketed by it.There are 20-30 private players in the packaged milk segment in the state. While some work on the lines of Milma by collecting milk directly from farmers through cooperative societies, others bring milk from neighbouring states and market it here. Apart from local players, companies based in other states also market their products in the state.Dairy development board deputy director V Unni said packaged milk marketed by a majority of the private players was of good quality. However, it has been noticed that the water content in those packets are often high. Meanwhile, Ernakulam regional chairman of Kerala cooperative milk marketing federation (Milma) M T Jayan said the strikes would not impact his company's business.Kochi: In the wake of the repeated disruption in the supply of packed milk by The Kerala Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (Milma), private players in the sector has seen a spurt in business. Many of them are planning to market their products aggressively in order to fully exploit the opportunity.They have been seeing bulk business whenever supply of packaged milk by Milma is disrupted. Many of them are confident of increase in demand for their products as strike gives people a chance to know quality of their products and switching over to them. They said that people would surely look for quality alternatives if there is disruption in the supply, which cater majority share of state's milk requirements. They have sold 20000-40000 litres of milk additional on Tuesday. Many of them are offering home delivery facility for the customers through their distributors.\"We sold 40000 additional litres on Tuesday as Milma's supply was hit by strike and sold additional 15000 litres on Wedenesday, though Milma resumed its supply. We are hoping to maintain the tempo in sales in the coming days also,\" said Biju George, assistant manager, Peoples Dairy Development Project (PDDP). sHe added that PDDP, which presently has supply chain in districts such as Ernakulam, Thrissur, Kottayam and Alappuzha, are also planning to expand their presence to other districts in the state.Private players claimed that they have been conducting all kinds of tests in order to ensure quality of their products. An official with Jeeva Milk said that they have been following all norms to ensure quality and conducting various tests in order to ensure that no harmful bacteria is present in the packed milk marketed by them.There are 20-30 private players in the packaged milk segment in the state. While some are working on the lines of Milma by collecting milk directly from farmers through cooperative societies, others are bringing milk from neighbouring states and marketing it here. Apart from local players, companies based in neighbouring states are also marketing their products in the state.V Unni, deputy director with Dairy Development Board said that packaged milk marketed by majority of the private players is of quality. However, is noticed that water content in those packets are high.However, M T Jayan, chairman, Ernakulam regional chairman, claimed that strikes will not have any impact on sale of its business in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17071311", "title": "Seminar on Home Science applications begins", "text": "VARANASI: The two-day national seminar on 'role of home science in development of community and nation' organised by the department of home science, Mahila Mahavidyalaya, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), began on Friday.Addressing the seminar, Prof Uma Joshi, president, Home Science Association of India (HSAI) from Baroda University, emphasised the role of home science as a vital subject for social welfare. She said home science should not be confined to domestic applications but expanded further as family and social science. It could be used as a tool for women empowerment, she said.In her welcome address, the principal of Mahila Mahavidyalaya Prof Meena Sodhi said the college had started the home science course in 1949. She said the topics discussed at the seminar would include advances and challenges in the field of food and nutrition, maximum utilization of resources for the development of community, inclusive extension and communication system -strength and opportunities, recent development trends and problems of human development, newer horizons in clothing and textiles, population studies and family life education, promotion of gender equality and empowerment of women, ensuring environmental sustainability, and socio-economic and psychological aspects of community development.In her introductory remarks, the organising secretary and head of the department Prof Kalpna Gupta said the topics of the seminar are not limited to home science only but cover other subjects and disciplines.Students, research scholars and teachers from different states including Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Hariyana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Gujarat, and Maharashtra are taking part in the seminar. The seminar was also addressed by the dean of faculty of science Prof SK Sengupta, Prof Indira Bishnoi, Prof CP Mishra, Prof Sandya Singh Kaushik and Prof KN Pandey. The inaugural function was followed by technical sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17069407", "title": "Now, a facelift forPonda bus stand", "text": "PONDA: The transport department has planned a facelift of the existing Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) central bus stand at Ponda by restructuring the bus bays and constructing an office complex at the site.The new complex will house offices for Ponda regional transport officer (RTO) and KTC, besides having a rest room for bus drivers and a waiting room for interstate bus passengers. Narayan Sawant, officiating transport director, said that the department has handed over work of the project to the public works department (PWD) and has already paid around 3 crore for the purpose.The project costs around 3.5 crore and the remaining amount will be transferred during different stages of work completion. The project is expected to be complete within a year-and-half or two years, Sawant said.The present bus stand is very small and was designed much earlier as per the need of that time.It lacks many amenities required in current times, which will be made available in the new complex.Another source from the transport department said that the land and the bus stand belong to the transport department and it was handed over to the KTC.The existing bus stand has only platforms and just a small cabin to control KTC bus traffic. It has neither a rest room nor a changing room for bus conductors and drivers. Sawant said the facelift would also facilitate traffic arrangement, as it would separate the bays for local and interstate buses, which resently stop whereever they find parking space.The office complex will also help the people as the RTO office will be at the bus stand and people need not travel for getting their work done, Sawant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068942", "title": "Metro Red line to be down for work", "text": "NEW DELHI: Services on one corridor of the Delhi Metro network will be partially affected for a few hours on Sunday due to maintenance work.Metro services of line 1 (Dilshad Garden to Rithala) will remain partially affected for a few hours between Dilshad Garden to Tis Hazari section on Sunday, said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson. The reason stated is maintenance of the track.\"The train services between Dilshad Garden and Tis Hazari section will be available at a frequency of 10-15 minutes from 10:30 am to 03:30 pm on Sunday,\" the DMRC spokesman added. However, the services from Rithala to Tis Hazari section will be available as per normal frequency of five minutes during this period.After undertaking the scheduled maintenance work, the full normalcy will be restored on line 1 at 3:30 pm. Train services on all other lines will be available as per normal schedule throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17072455", "title": "Shahid-Harman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s brewing bromance", "text": "Shahid Kapoor and Harman Baweja would have very little in common had it not been for a certain Priyanka Chopra. The men had been involved with the actress in quick succession, and expectedly did not get along with each other till recently.In fact at a party hosted by Race 2 co-producer Jay Shewakramani in Bandra last year, the two avoided had each other like the plague. But with no PeeCee in their lives - at least not romantically - the two men have struck an unlikely friendship of late. Mirror has learnt that since the past few days, there is a healthy bromance brewing between Shahid and Harman. In fact, Harman drops by at Shahid's Yari Road apartment every night. The two apparently are passionate about poker, and are often joined in by their other friends as well. The poker parties go on for long happy hours.A source close to Harman said, \"This friendship is raising eyebrows in the industry. Ever since Priyanka parted ways with Harman and started dating Shahid, there was lot of bad blood between the two.\"At that time Harman had admitted in an interview that he could not cope with Shahid and Priyanka's romance. \"It was hard to see her talk on the phone and text. I knew what was happening. I just didn't want to see Kaminey . I just booked tickets and left the country. It was hard for me to even listen to the songs of that film. I don't think I will ever see it,\" he had said at that time. So what gives?TOI learns that this friendship between Shahid and Harman - who even occasionally went on double dates when they were dating Kareena and Priyanka respectively - is an offshoot of a chance meeting at a party sometime back. \"The two decided to let bygones be bygones,\" said a source present at the party, adding, \"Thank god, the animosity is over. Their body language and the way they kept avoiding each other at Jay's party was really embarrassing.\"Guess Harman and Shahid were tired of being 'poker'-faced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17069610", "title": "'Human error behind most of the accidents'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The light point in sectors 47/48 has claimed many lives.The place has a bloody history, with 11 fatal and around 24 non fatal accidents recorded over the past 10 months. Most accidents involved buses from Haryana, Himachal and Punjab. SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said they were trying to figure out ways to make the place more safe. \"Efforts are being made to reduce fatalities at the light point of sectors 47/48. Alternatives will be discussed with the road engineering wing,\" he said.Sources in the traffic police pointed out that it was human error which led to most accidents while the engineering flaw was addressed with the construction of slip roads. Road safety committee member Abhishek Puri suggested the construction of speed breakers on all four sides of the light-point to reduce the risk on roads.\"Accidents can be reduced with the construction of high speed breakers at four sides of the light point because speed breakers will automatically reduce the speed of vehicles. It could be one long speed breaker or it could be divided into three breakers in a series.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17071163", "title": "Top cops survey security operations at Bonda Hills", "text": "KORAPUT: Top BSF and Odisha police officials met here on Friday to assess the effectiveness of ongoing counter-insurgency operation in Bonda hills area where Maoists have been hyper-active of late.\"The prevailing situation in the area was assessed and discussions were held on how to contain the growing Red menace in the Bonda hills in Malkangiri district's Khairput block,\" Malkangiri SP Akhileswar Singh said, refusing to divulge more on the measures to be taken to combat the extremists in Bonda hills.The SP, the DIG of BSF, the OSAP commandant and a few other top officials of the para-military force surveyed the area on Wednesday and Thursday. Sources said security forces were planning to establish a BSF camp either at Mudulipada, or Andrahal or Bodo Dural at Bonda hills.\"A BSF battalion has been posted at Khairput, at the foothill of the Bonda hills, but security personnel face problems in conducting combing operations at Bonda hills as the camp is around 20 km from Khairput. So, a camp of BSF at the Bonda hills could go a long extent towards curbing Maoist activities in the area,\" a source said.Bonda hills being situated on the Andhra border, the left-wing ultras have easy access to the place. If they are able to spread their base in the area further, they would have a free passage to move from Narayanpatna in Koraput to Andhra Pradesh.The rebels have murdered at least four persons, including a sub-inspector, in the area in the past few months. Police recently found a huge cache of explosives in forests in and around Bonda hills and arrested the sarpanch of Bodo Dural, Bhikari Kirsani, on charges of being a Maoist sympathizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17069237", "title": "Abandoned pistol found at Epicenter", "text": "GURGAON: An abandoned pistol was found in a ladies' washroom of Epicenter late on Thursday evening. The police took custody of the pistol, which was not claimed by anyone till Friday evening. The pistol was found by a house-keeping woman worker in a plastic bag.The security guards informed the Sushant Lok police station. \"It is a .32 bore pistol and we are looking for the pistol owner,\" said Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068826", "title": "Defence Colony heist: 3 more in police net", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Special Task Force of south district has picked up three more people suspected to be indirectly involved in the multi-crore Defence Colony cash van heist. The suspects were picked up after an intense search of three weeks, but hunt for the main accused, Yogesh, is still on.Sources claimed over Rs 13 lakh in cash have been recovered and two of the people detained are likely to be arrested, but senior officers refused to speculate on the case. Meanwhile, another team was in Kolkata to verify and ascertain the movement of one Rumal. The Kolkata police confirmed that the Delhi Police had picked Rumal alias Ismail from an Elliot Road hotel on October 21. Delhi police refused to elaborate if they planned to arrest his harbourer, a relative, in this case.The special team, led by STF inspector Rajinder Singh and comprising several sub-inspectors, is now working to a plan on recovering the entire looted amount. Sources said they have identified the men who still possess around Rs 87 lakh. Delhi Police has already recovered the rest of the Rs 5.25 crore that was looted from a cash van after shooting a guard.According to reports, the STF team had raided a village in UP's Mainpuri on a tip-off about a harbourer of the criminals. The team initially could not locate them and roped in the UP STF to help in the search. Cops said they picked up the harbourer's father and brother-in-law after which villagers surrounded the team. The villagers were then told about the case who finally handed the harbourer to them and his relatives were let off after questioning.The new breakthrough came after questioning of Rumal alias Ranjeet alias Ismail. He had earlier worked as a police informer, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068949", "title": "Abducted DU boy returns", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old student from Assam was allegedly kidnapped by unidentified assailants and then taken to Agra where he was reportedly kept captive for three days. Rishi, a first- year student of DU, somehow managed to escape after three days and reach the city.The incident was reported from Mukharjee Nagar, northwest Delhi on October 31.According to DCP northwest, P Karunakaran , a case of kidnapping has been registered. Rishi was abducted in a black Santro and taken to Agra and several other places, police said. The kidnappers took away his money and other belongings, including his cellphone. The victim was also thrashed, stubbed with cigarettes and blindfolded, claim sources. The motive is not clear, said police, as no ransom demand was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073598", "title": "Director Bala launches 'Vetri Selvan' audio", "text": "Vetri Selvan is the upcoming movie being directed by Rudhran featuring Ajmal Ameer and Radhika Apte in the lead roles. The audio of the movie was launched at a multiplex on Friday.The event was made special by the presence of director Bala who is taking a break from Paradesi and made time to come for the event. The audio was released by Bala and received by guests on stage.Others present included UTV Dhananjayan, Tamilachi Thangapandian, Karky and Seenu Ramasamy. Madhan Karky had tweeted a few days back, \"I've penned 5 songs for Vetri Selvan in Manisharma sir's music. Looking forward to the audio release on Nov 2nd.\"The trailer and two songs from the film were shown. One song, ' Megathiley.. ', was filmed on Bollywood actor Radhika Apte, who is seen in this film, post her role in Dhoni , directed by Prakash Raj. The other song was a duet filmed on the lead pair of Ajmal and Radhika.The film's trailer revealed that the subject has something to do with the inmates and lives of a mental institution. For Ajmal, this is his next release as hero, after playing villain in Ko and the film is directed by newbie Rudhiran.The music composer Mani Sharma was not present for the event. Srushti Cinemas banner producing Vetri Selvan has Ramesh Kumar handling the camera and Kishore Te is roped in to edit the film among the technical crew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069207", "title": "BSP corporators on fast as water crisis boils", "text": "NAGPUR: On November 17 last year, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) handed over city's water supply to Orange City Water Pvt Ltd (OCWL) claiming it would to solve the water crisis. But regular complaints from corporators themselves has raised doubts over that move. On Friday, 12 corporators from Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) staged a hunger strike at NMC head office complaining of severe water crisis in their areas since last 6 months. Earlier, Congress corporators had launched a series of agitations and even a few corporators from ruling party raised the issue in the meeting of general body.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke blamed executive director of Nagpur Environmental Services Ltd (NESL) Shashikant Hastak for the problems. \"Corporators from all parties are complaining about Hastak's poor administration and resulting water crisis. Still, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is not taking any action or replacing Hastak with a responsible officer. Private operator is also responsible but you can't blame a servant if the master is not proper. BSP corporators were complaining since long about water crisis. Civic chief and Hastak should have met them and gone to their wards for solving the problem. It did not happen resulting into an agitation,\" he said.Even chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle visited the agitating corporators and supported their agitation. Mayor Anil Sole too paid visit and assured to look into the matter. BSP group leader Murlidhar Meshram and corporator Kishor Gajbhiye led the agitation. Chairman of Ashi Nagar zone Abhishek Shambarkar and other corporators participated in the day-long hunger strike.\"Areas coming in myward (Vishwakarma Nagar-Chandramani Nagar), South Nagpur, and adjoining areas are not getting regular water for the last six months. The citizens are left with no option to collect drinking water from 3-4 foot deep holes due to lack of pressure in the water. Major cause of the problem is less water supply to Wanjari Nagar overhead water tank. We brought up the issue time and again with Hastak and officials of private operator. Finally we brought the issue to the notice of Wardhane on October 19 who assured to solve the problems within two days. Nothing happened, we took the hunger strike route,\" he said.Additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar met the agitating corporators who demanded the civic chief to come and held discussion. Later, the officials of water works department and OCWL met Gajbhiye and others. The BSP corporators gave an ultimatum to the NMC and threatened to break earthen pots at municipal commissioner's office on November 8 if the crisis was not resolved.The NESL has failed to ensure smooth functioning of the water works by monitoring the works of private operator. Instead, officials of NESL, especially Hastak, have only been directed the citizens and corporators towards OCWL to have their problems solved. This has made the problems worse resulting in series of agitations for the last many months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070578", "title": "Rome at home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With a plethora of multi-cuisine restaurants operating in the city and multiple cookery shows beaming from the television, experimenting with different cuisines and recipes has become a rage among foodies. The concluding day of the Times Ahmedabad Festival's four-day Cooking Fiesta drew an extremely eager batch of participants as souschef Raj, assisted by first commis Azajul, whipped up an Italian meal at Amore on Friday.First on the menu was Caprese salad from the Italian town of Campania. Unlike other salads, this is served as a starter instead of a side dish. With buffalo mozzarella as its main ingredient (which can be substituted with paneer), the recipe contains some of Italian cuisine's favourites like basil, olive oil, and tomatoes seasoned with balsamic vinegar and caper berries.The main course, spaghetti arrabiata, was a spicy specialty with a variety of vegetables like celery, zucchini, leek, and bell peppers seasoned with oregano and chilli flakes. Pomodoro sauce, which gives the dish its spicy characteristic, is added to sauteed vegetables and spaghetti is added right at the end. The dish can be served with garlic bread. \"I'm a huge fan of Italian cooking and I discovered many new ingredients at today's session,\" said Juli Bagrecha, a homemaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070621", "title": "Sweet-tasting malaria drugs in the offing", "text": "MANGALORE: The Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV), a non-profit public-private partnership organization based in Geneva, Switzerland is all set to launch sweet-tasting anti-malarial drugs in the country.Diana Cotran, executive president of operations, MMV, told TOI that the organization has done several researches in the field of anti-malarial drugs even since its inception in 1999. \"We are waiting for the approval of the Indian government to launch our medicine here. The price of the drug is much less than compared to the anti-malarial drugs available in the Indian market and it also taste sweet,\" she added.Cotran was in the city to distribute prizes for the winners of Declaration of War Against Malaria, a drawing competition for schoolchildren organized jointly by MMV and the Centre for Integrated Learning, Mangalore on Friday.She also said that MMV would soon hold a meeting with pharmaceutical companies and government authorities in New Delhi in this regard. \"We are looking for the participation of talented Indian scientists with MMV to develop more anti-malarial drugs. MMV is spending over a billion dollars to develop the drugs,\" she added.Since 2002, MMV has been organizing various competitions for schoolchildren to create awareness about the vector-borne disease. \"Objective of organizing such competitions is to reduce malaria in countries like Africa, Uganda, India and others which are highly affected by the disease. All the participants will get an international certificate from MMV,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17070094", "title": "1984 'genocide' plea tabled in Australian parliament", "text": "JALANDHAR: A petition was tabled in Australian parliament on November 1, seeking to declare the killings of Sikhs in 1984 as \"genocide\".The \"genocide petition\" was tabled by Warren Enstch, the chief opposition whip for the Liberal Party . Hundreds of Sikhs had also thronged the city of Canberra to mark the incident and were present in the Parliament galleries as Enstch read out the petition.Entsch said as long as these killings continue to be referred to as \"anti-Sikh riots\" there can be no solace for the Sikh community. \"Discussions around mass violence and genocide will always be controversial but the continued denial of such historical injustices can only encourage modern day crimes against humanity,\" the plea said.The petition has urged the Australian Parliament to recognize that an organized campaign of horrific violence took place against the Sikh community in November 1984 and that these killings were \"genocide\" as per the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.The petition got the support from Labour Party member Michelle Rowland, who also demanded prosecution of those who were involved in the killings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069390", "title": "'Mhadei must be declared tiger reserve'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa should declare the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary as a tiger reserve during its golden jubilee year of liberation as it would be a matter of pride for the state, and also help protect its lifeline, the River Mhadei, noted conservationist Prerna Singh Bindra said on Friday.\"Goa has lots to offer in terms of biodiversity and other things, and the tiger's presence is a matter of pride rather than shying away from acknowledging it,\" the national board for wildlife member said.Speaking in Candolim on tiger conservation and referring to the elusive big cats of Goa, she said it was sad that their presence here had been beset by a denial syndrome.Further, Bindra said that Goa can be the 18th tiger state in the country and if it happens, it would also help save the Mhadei as the state's lifeline.Jairam Ramesh , then Union minister of environment and forests, had written to former chief minister Digambar Kamat on June 28, 2011, urging the state government to submit a proposal to declare Mhadei as a tiger reserve.Environmentalists realized that this suggestion had been prompted by the estimated presence of 35 tigers in Karnataka's tiger landscape, comprising the Bhimgad wildlife sanctuary and the Anshi-Dandeli tiger reserve.But successive governments have shied away from complying with the Centre's request. \"We are aware about the tiger's presence in Goa, but there is also a strong mining lobby here,\" a member of the audience quipped.Bindra felt that everybody can contribute to the cause of tiger conservation in their own way. \"The teachers can teach kids, NGOs can help in documentation, others can motivate the forest department officials,\" she said.Terming project tiger, initiated in 1973, as a major conservation exercise, she said that it was a matter of pride that India has 1706 big cats and that is more than half of the world's population of big cats. \"But 12% of its habitat is being lost every year,\" she said. Poaching, fragmentation of forest and its habitat, and dwindling of its prey base were some of the reasons for the decline in tiger population, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17068973", "title": "Two killed as woman driver loses control of her car", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two people were killed and a cyclist injured when a woman lost control of her car and ran over them on Coimbatore-Trichy Road near Singanallur in the city on Thursday night. Police arrested the woman on Friday morning for rash and negligent driving.The deceased were identified as M Rajagopal (62) of Teachers Colony in Cheran Maa Nagar and K Rajasekaran (42) of Agastheeswaran in Kanyakumari district. The duo was working in a real estate company at Ondipudur.According to the traffic investigation wing of the city police, G Ramya Sri (24), an MBA graduate of Reliance Garden in Singanallur, lost control of the car when she reached Coimbatore-Trichy Road around 9pm on Thursday. She ran over two persons who were walking on the road and a cyclist, S Raja (24) of Ondipudur.Police said Ramya was driving the car in a rash and negligent manner and the car came to a halt after it rammed a tree.The duo was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where they were declared brought dead. Meanwhile, the cyclist has been admitted to the hospital and is undergoing treatment.Police said Ramya went missing from CMCH where she was treated as outpatient. But she was arrested from her maternal uncle's house at Perianaickenpalayam on Friday morning.She was booked under section 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 304 A (causing death by negligence) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hambran road", "code": "17069672", "title": "Women have time of their lives", "text": "HAMBRAN ROAD: Members of Gitanjali Ladies Club danced and played through Karva Chauth on Friday.Relishing the chance to break away from daily routine, around 200 women gathered at the club in their ethnic best. Unmindful of the fast, the women lived it up with gusto, without a trace of fatigue. The highlight of the event was a ramp show. Neelam Bisht, a resident of Kitchlu Nagar who turned up on the ramp in a 'doli' said, \"We have been preparing for the function for past 15 days and it has paid off. All of us took a turn in the 'doli' and remembered the day we got married.\" The ladies also sang love songs performed 'karva' theme dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17070575", "title": "Ajsu to contest LS and assembly polls on its own", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The purpose of creation of a separate Jharkhand state, 12 years ago, has been defeated as the state has not lived up to the expectations of the people here, said Chandra Prakash Chowdhury, state minister for science, technology and labour, while addressing the Ajsu Party workers meeting on the eve of 'Mahalok Panchayat' rally to be held here on November 5, on Friday. He added that in spite of serving Jharkhand as a minister for the past nine years, he was not happy with the pace of development of this state owing to the non-implementation of the programmes and projects floated by the state leaders.Addressing a press conference here on Friday, he said that it has been decided that Ajsu Party will contest all the Lok Sabha and assembly seats on its own in the next Lok Sabha and assembly elections without any compromise with national parties like Congress, BJP and JD(U).\"People are now fed up with the national parties and are desirous of a change, the winds of which have already started blowing,\" he said. Taking a dig at the BJP MP from Hazaribag, Yashwant Sinha , without taking names, he said that it was unfortunate that the district has remained underdeveloped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17071470", "title": "I did have a few drinks, but auto came in path suddenly: Motorist", "text": "After the mishap involving her BMW sedan, Aarti Shetty was booked under sections of the Indian Penal Code as well as under section 185 of the Motor Vehicle Act for \"drunk driving\".Cops said a \"medical test\" had established she was inebriated. A witness to the accident had said, \"The woman driver was so drunk that she could hardly stand straight.\" On Friday though, Mankhurd police senior inspector Shankarsingh Rajput said the inebriation was proved by a breathalyzer test and circumstantial evidence. Shetty's blood samples, Rajput added, have been sent for chemical analysis, which will determine conclusively if she was under the influence of alcohol. The report, he stated, may take up to three months.A resident of Chembur, 32-year-old Shetty was arrested on Thursday and released on bail. Though IPC section 304-A (death due to negligence) was added against her following Mubin's death on Friday, she was not rearrested because that charge too is bailable.If it is confirmed that Shetty was intoxicated beyond the permissible level, it could provide grounds to attract IPC section 304-II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). Upon conviction, the section invites more years in prison than section 304-A .Mubin's family on Friday said they want Shetty to be punished stringently. Her eldest son Ali Raza said he felt helpless with his mother gone and father oblivious about the loss. \"She did not deserve to die like this,\" said Ali after Mubin's funeral at Reay Road cemetery.Mubin's husband Mohammed Hussain was operated upon for a fracture in his right foot on Friday. \"A rod has been inserted. Doctors told us it will take a few weeks to heal,\" said Ali. \"We have decided not to tell him anything about our mother till he is stable and in good health.\"Ali's brother Raza, who was travelling with Hussain and Mubin and was injured too, took discharge from Rajawadi Hospital to attend his mother's funeral . At first sight of the body, he broke down.Meanwhile, Shetty said, \"I am not saying I had not had a few drinks. However, the rickshaw came into my path suddenly. I did my best to swerve left but somehow hit it. My car was smashed completely too, whereas in the case of rickshaws, the smallest brush can cause them to topple over.\"After the accident, Shetty was admitted to Sushrut Hospital in Chembur with a broken collarbone and a fractured nose. Her mother Geeta said, \"She along with her friends had attended a Halloween party in south Mumbai or Bandra, I am not sure. But they came back home around 2.30am and ate fried nuggets, after which Aarti went to drop one of them home when the accident occurred.\"Denying that Aarti was \"too drunk to stand\" , her mother said all she had had were a few beers. \"The collision affected her as well. How can you stand if you have broken a collarbone and are bleeding from the nose? Aarti blanked out after the accident. Her sister-in-law , who was travelling with them, pulled her out of the car. In fact, the BMW has been damaged beyond repair,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069135", "title": "In bid to save a landmark, heritage body writes to P Chidambaram", "text": "CHENNAI: Heritage lovers in the city have written to Union finance minister P Chidambaram seeking his help to restore the historic Bharat Insurance building, which has been entangled in a legal battle to stop its demolition for the past six years. A few years ago, Chidambaram announced at a public function that he would come to the beleaguered building's rescue.The Chennai wing of conservation group INTACH wrote to the minister on Wednesday seeking his help to restore the grand red building on Anna Salai built in the Indo-Saracenic style of architecture. The building fell into further disrepair after conservationists went to court to prevent it from being demolished by its owner Life Insurance Corporation in 2006.INTACH's appeal comes in the wake of a recent recommendation by the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority's heritage conservation committee to restore the building, and not demolish it to make way for a modern structure. The committee looked into the proposal as directed by the Supreme Court.\"We have said in our report to the Supreme Court that LIC has to drain the excess water, clear vegetation, and prop up weaker parts of the building as the monsoon has arrived in Chennai,\" said a committee member.Another member said the building needn't be covered like LIC had done earlier. \"It would be helpful if they provide scaffolding wherever the joints are weak. Props and support pillars will make it easy for LIC to restore the building later,\" said the member.INTACH said it had been six years since the demolition began but the building had survived. \"It is now showing serious signs of stress, having been subjected to several monsoons. It is our fear that the building may soon collapse owing to neglect, thereby putting to waste all the efforts of heritage lovers to save it,\" said convener V Sriram in the letter. The group also said it was ready to assist the LIC with the restoration.Senior lawyer A D N Rao, who represents LIC, said he was yet to receive the heritage committee's report and the case was pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069167", "title": "In U-turn, fine on errant BMC engineers cut from 1.3crore to just 8.3 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Less than a month after the civic administration imposed a collective fine of Rs 1.3 crore on engineers for not filling up the potholes in the specified time, in a sudden turnaround, it has said the calculation was faulty and the amount would add up to only Rs 8.34 lakh.Doing a balancing act to save its self from the ire of the engineers union and also to keep its image of a task master, the BMC has watered down the fine amount, sources said. Experts said the BMC, by lowering the fine, has diluted the whole issue of making its staff accountable to the public.The engineers association was up in arms against the civic body for imposing an unreasonable fine. The maximum fine was Rs 16 lakh in L ward (Kurla) which is now Rs 1.2 lakh.Following the re-calculation, the maximum fine has been fixed at Rs 1.68 lakh in G-south ward (Worli, Prabhadevi), which was earlier Rs 4.08 lakh. Officials said that of the 61 potholes in the Worli-Prabhadevi stretch, fines on 25 were revoked because contractors were responsible for the delay.The lowest fine earlier was Rs 75,000 in A ward (CST-Colaba) but now the figure is Rs 1000. The same fine has been levied in four other wards after the re-calculation. \"They should have checked the fine earlier itself before announcing it. Its really silly on the BMC's part to come out with another mild list citing calculation error,\" said an expert.Originally on an average every engineer was being fined Rs 3 lakh and now with the revision the fines have dropped to Rs 23,000. The contractors have been fined Rs 1.86 crore for the delay. BMC had laid a 48 hour deadline for pothole filling for contractors and sub-engineers and Rs 1000 as per day fine was decided for the delay.A total fine of Rs 8.34 lakh has been levied on a total of 38 engineers. According to civic officials the sub-engineers protested and said that the fault was with the pothole tracking software, the basis on which the fines were calculated. Following the protests, senior officials re-evaluated the fine amount and it was found that the contractors fine was also included in the calculations and also inter-departmental fines were also added in their total.Senior civic officials said that the top 20 defaulters will have to pay the fines, but the others will be given a warning and let off as they have managed to keep the deadline for the maximum of the potholed reported.Engineers are still not happy, they are saying that by lowering the fine and putting more weight behind the software the administration has upset them.\"Why is this rule not applicable for the engineers of the other departments,\" asked a sub-engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070600", "title": "Three Andhra firm employees kidnapped in Sahebgunj", "text": "RANCHI: Three persons associated with an Andhra Pradesh-based company were kidnapped late on Thursday night in Sahebganj district, about 350 km away.CS Rao, the head of CSR Infratech India Private Limited, was on field visit in Borio locality with chief accountant V L Narsingha, when they were kidnapped at gunpoint along with driver Suraj Bhagat and the SUV in which they were travelling. Although a search operation was launched, no trace of the trio could not be found till late on Friday night.According to police, Rao has never received any threat call in the past. His family also did get any ransom call from the abductors till late Friday night.\"A case of kidnapping has been lodged with Jirawabadi police station,\" said A Vijya Laxmi, Sahebganj SP adding that an operation has been launched to search the missing persons. The company is constructing 30km road from Sahebganj to Borio, and Rao was inspecting the under construction work last night when the incident occurred.Rajendra Prasad, officer in charge Jirawabadi police station, said Rao was last seen in Borio where he held talks with his staff members around 10.30pm. \"No extortion call has been received by the relatives so far,\" Prasad claimed.\"When we called up Rao last (Thursday) night (around 10.40), we heard some strange voices in Hindi and Bhojpuri languages. After 20 minutes the phone got switched off,\" police said quoting Madhusudan Reddy, the second man in the construction company, who lodged the FIR. No communication has been established with any of the three abductees since then, said police.Rao has been living in Sahebganj for around past six months. \"On Thursday Rao had started inspection at 8.30pm from Sahebganj and continued to inspect under construction sites till 10.30,\" said police sources. Police suspect hands of some of his rivals behind the incident.\"It is likely that he was kidnapped by criminals who were waiting for him in an ambush along the Sahebganj highway,\" said a police official but did not rule out the hand of Maoists as they are also present in the area.Three police stations in the surrounding localities have been pressed into action to search for the contractor. Sahebganj DSP is leading the search operation. \"We are holding talks with shop owners along the state highway used by Rao to go to Sahebganj. Raids are going on in suspected places to find out the more,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070155", "title": "No expert panel yet on fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a fortnight after the Bombay high court suggested an expert panel to look into the auto and taxi fare hike, the state government is yet to form such a committee. The government lawyers said the decision was pending as the deputy secretary concerned was abroad.A division bench was hearing a petition by consumer organization Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) seeking quashing of the Hakim Committee report and allowing for fare hikes only after all autos and taxis have converted to electronic meters by March 2013. At the last hearing, the court had questioned the one-man panel of P M A Hakim, whose report was the basis for the fare hike.Shirish Deshpande of MGP moved another application before the court, seeking a stay on the hike of October 11. \"There are many irregularities in the hike and auto and taxi drivers are fleecing the common man,\" said Deshpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17070914", "title": "Ranji trophy: The lows and high", "text": "On a dramatic first day of play in Lahli (Rohtak), Umesh Yadav bagged five wickets as Vidarbha shot out last year's semifinalists Haryana for 55, their lowest-ever Ranji total. Although the Lahli pitch is known to offer prodigious movement, there was a vast difference in the way the two teams approached their task. The Lahli wicket was offering enough movement to the pacers but no way was it an unplayable pitch. The Haryana batsmen went too much into their shells, while Vidarbha looked for scoring opportunities. Also, the Vidarbha bowlers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d led by Umesh Yadav (5-18 off 13 overs, with eight maidens) and Sandeep Singh (4-11 off 10.1 overs) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were right on the money, while their Haryana counterparts struggled to maintain their lines. Vidarbha ended the day at 78 for the loss of their openers Aniruddha Chore (15) and Faiz Fazal (33) at the Bansilal Stadium.LOWEST RANJI TOTAL THIS CENTURYHyderabad - 21 (15.3 overs) v Rajasthan at Jaipur in November, 2010 Andhra Pradesh - 30 (17.4 overs) v Punjab at Mohali in December, 2003 Gujarat - 44 (23.3 overs) v Mumbai at Surat in November, 2008 Haryana - 55 (37.1 overs) v Vidarbha at Rohtak in November, 2012MUZUMDAR BECOMES MOST CAPPED PLAYERAmol Muzumdar on Friday became India's most capped Ranji Trophy player when he turned out for Andhra against Services in Anantapur.The former Mumbai and Assam player has 125 appearances to his credit in Ranji Trophy. The 37-year old Muzumdar had equalled legendary Haryana left-arm spinner Rajinder Goel's all-time record of 124 appearances when he played for Assam against Saurashtra in the Super League match at Rajkot in December 2010. After a year's break, Muzumdar is back on the field and this time he has donned Andhra colours. The righthand batsman, who relies more on timing than power, had once been touted as a player marked out to don India colours as he smashed a world record 260 against Haryana in his First-Class debut. In 1994, he was made vice-captain of the India U-19 team. He has also played alongside Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid for India A.NAGA BOY ZHIMOMI MAKES HISTORYHokaito Zhimomi became the first Nagaland-born cricketer to play firstclass cricket when he turned out for Assam in the Ranji Trophy match against Tripura on Friday. Zhimomi, a 26-yearold left-arm medium-pacer who hails from Sangtamtila village in Dimapur district, didn't have a memorable debut, making just 4 before becoming one of Timir Chanda's five victims. But November 2, 2012, will remain a red-letter day in the history of Nagaland sport. Zhimomi played for Dalhousie Athletic Club in Kolkata during his younger days and was part of Kolkata Knight Riders' extended squad in 2009, before moving to Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17068697", "title": "Umesh Yadav runs through the side, again", "text": "LAHLI: On the eve of their season opener against Haryana, Vidarbha pacer Umesh Yadav and his mentor Subroto Bannerjee had a close look at the Lahli wicket. They could be seen having a long discussion and it wasn't difficult to fathom the topic. The wicket had a greenish look and it's probably the only match Yadav can play for Vidarbha before the England series. So, Vidarbha needed to utilize him properly. In the end, both Yadav and his Vidarbha teammates had a big smile with the latter's figures read 13-8-18-5 on Day 1 of Ranji Trophy Group 'B' tie. It was his sixth first class five-wicket haul (fourth in Ranji Trophy).\"I have never seen him bowled so beautifully. He swung the ball both ways, bowled on right areas and was mighty quick. It was massive difference compared to what he bowled against New Zealand two months before. It's good news for India,\" Bannejee told TOI after day's play.Yadav\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho just returned from Champions League Twenty20 in South Africa\u00e2\u20ac\u201dadjusted to the longer format with aplomb, bowling an immaculate line and length troubling Haryana batsmen with his pace and swing. If he can bowl like that, Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni doesn't have to bother about the rank turners. The 25-year-old bowled with great energy, hit the right length more often than not and hardly bowled anything down the leg side, which he has often been guilty of. There was a vast difference in the way Yadav and others bowled. Vidarbha wicketkeeper Aniruddha Chore collected almost 90% of his deliveries close to chest and above the shoulders.\"I am quite satisfied with the way I bowled. I was playing for Vidarbha after two years. So, I was definitely excited. We had planned certain things on how to bowl on this wicket and thankfully all went accordingly,\" Yadav told TOI.In his first spell of six overs, Yadav didn't concede any run and picked up the wicket of Nitin Saini , courtesy a brilliant diving catch by Shalabh Shrivastava. He conceded first runs on the fifth ball of his seventh over and that too came off an edge that went between third slip and gully.Unlike in the past, Yadav made the batsmen play more often than not and Haryana batsmen were struggling against his pace. Four of his five wickets were caught behind the wickets while he cleaned up Haryana skipper Amit Mishra with a beauty that pitched on middle and moved away to take his off stump. Later on, he also castled Amit Vashisht with a similar delivery.He is known to run away with the side and the Haryana game was no different. In his second spell in the post lunch session, he picked up four wickets could also have a hat-trick with two back to back wickets of Kuldeep Hooda and Vashisht.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "neemuch", "code": "17068877", "title": "Drug peddlers back from dead to haunt cops", "text": "NEEMUCH: Declared dead in police records, two drug peddlers from the opium belt of Malwa region on the Madhya Pradesh-Rajasthan border have come back from the dead throwing the state police in a tizzy. The MP police has now launched a massive manhunt to recapture them.Taking a leaf out of the books of Colombian and Mexican drug lords, one of the local drug peddler after faking his own death in an elaborate charade, reportedly underwent extensive plastic surgery to avoid recapture by law enforcement agencies. Police learnt about it with the arrest of a drug smuggler Ghanshyam Dhakad who was nabbed by Rajasthan police in September 24.Dhakad, a resident of Motipura in Neemuch district, was declared dead by police after his body was found in March 10, 2011.He had faked his death and left his voter ID beside the body that resembled his physique that was later identified by his wife and relatives. Following this the Cant Police Station, Neemuch had declared him dead stating that he was killed in a road accident on Malkheda road in their records and closed cases against him.The other involves a drug peddler who the police claimed to have shot dead in an encounter in Kukudeshwar on the intervening night of February 8-9, 2009 led by IPS officer V P Sharma.The 'deceased' Bansi Gurjar, a resident of Neemuch's Nalva village is still alive as per Dhakad's statement to the police. An alarmed MP police have launched an investigation and are focusing on the role of the investigators who claimed to have `solved' the cases earlier, including that of a senior IPS officer.What is surprising is the fact that the entire village from where Dhakad hailed took part in his funeral procession, and the elaborate post-funeral rites that concluded on the Tehravi (the 13th day rituals).Despite doubts raised on his death by the surgeons who conducted autopsy on the body, the Cantt police treated it as a closed chapter.Cantt SHO among three cops suspended for negligence\"Though there were rumours about Dhakad being alive, the fact surfaced only after he was arrested from Rajasthan on September 24 following a specific intelligence input\", said Satish Saxena, deputy inspector general (DIG) of Ratlam range.Three policemen including the then station house officer (SHO) of Cant police station, Ravindra Boyat, have been suspended on charges of negligence.Dhakad's revelations left the interrogators stunned. He told the cops during interrogation that he got the idea of faking his own death from another drug smuggler Bansi Gurjar.The police had earlier claimed that Bansi was killed during an encounter in Kukudeshwar in Neemuch on the intervening night of February 7-8, 2009.The last case to have been registered against him was in January 2009 after he had attacked a team of Rajasthan police to snatch away an undertrial from custody.\"Dhakad told that he paid Rs 13 lakh to Bansi for arranging an identical body to execute the plot,\" Ramashray Chaube, superintendent of police (SP) Neemuch told TOI. Identity of the person who was killed to fake Dhakad's death can now be ascertained only after Bansi's arrest, he added.Six special squads of the district police are now on a desperate hunt for Bansi - whose 3 minute video clip with the wherein he can be seen 'dancing' at a religious function during Ganesh Utsav near his native village.Latest inputs suggest that Bansi had managed to get a fake voter ID and driving license in the name of Shiva Gurjar. Shiva happens to be his younger brother who went missing mysteriously in 2009. Also it's alleged that Bansi's wife delivered a daughter at a private hospital six months ago.\"We are not in a position to say anything until Bansi is arrested. The video clip we got was shot with a mobile phone by a local informer 3 months ago,\" said the Neemuch SP. Who was the person killed in encounter if Bansi was alive?To this question, he said, \"Everything will be clear after Bansi's arrest.\"Sources claimed Bansi had allegedly connived with some policemen in the area to fake his own death through a fake encounter.A tattoo similar to that on the wrist of Bansi was found on the person killed in encounter, said sources pointing out a major conspiracy in the case.Bansi's arrest, police claim, will reveal identity of two persons who were killed for faking deaths.Meanwhile, Dhakad's father has also approached police claiming that the person arrested is not his son.Police are now looking forward to conduct a DNA test for final confirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073815", "title": "'Viswaroopam' audio launch postponed", "text": "The music launch of 'Viswaroopam', which was initially scheduled for November 7 (Kamal Haasan's birthday), has now been delayed by a few weeks.Produced by Kamal in association with PVP Cinema, ' Viswaroopam ' is directed by Kamal himself, who has played the lead role. Music is by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, while Pooja Kumar and Andrea Jeremiah are the heroines.\"Initially there were plans to make it as a simple occasion. However, it has now been decided to launch the audio at a grand function. Hence the delay,\" sources said.As per ealier plans even a chartered flight had been hired to ensure that Kamal Haasan is present in Chennai, Madurai and Coimbatore to release the music of ' Viswaroopam '.Recently, Oscar winning Hollywood director Ang Lee watched ' Viswaroopam ' trailer and said, \"A person who is not aware of the language too can understand the movie. It's totally stunning. I am sure this movie will be a huge hit.\"The film is equipped with Auro 3D sound format, making it the first film in India and the second film in the world, to do so. The film cleared the Censors with an U/A certificate with minor cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070485", "title": "Bad medicines taken off shelves", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four different types of medicines, including one meant to treat hypertension, have been taken off the market by food and drugs control administration (FDCA), Gujarat. Department officials tested samples collected from various shops in the city and found them to be substandard.After several tests FDCA officials found that the drugs failed in dissolution - which meant that the dugs would not dissolve in one's stomach to have the desired effect.\"The drugs include Ramihart-H tablets which were manufactured in July last year by Hetro labs. This medicine is meant to treat hypertension. It would not dissolve properly after consumption and was hence declared sub-standard by us. We advise citizens not to buy Ramihart-H with batch number 10705,\" says food and drugs Commissioner H G Koshia.Another medicine taken off the market is Flox-200 , manufactured in April 2010 by Alps Pharmaceuticals Private Limited. Another drug declared substandard was Corofer suspension, manufactured in November last year by National Chemicals and Pharma Works.On Tuesday the FDCA informed chemists across the state to stop sale of C-Bonyl suspension manufactured in April by Rise Remedies.\"The drugs go through stringent testing procedures in our labs before they are declared substandard. Pharmacists are supposed to remove them from the shelves as soon as they get intimation from our labs on their mobile phones,\" says Koshia. When asked if citizens too can access this information, Koshia said that the FDCA website of the state updates the list of substandard drugs in the market along with their batch numbers.He adds, \"A stringent quality check is what we expect from leading drug manufacturing companies based in Gujarat. This is part of our vigilance activity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17069430", "title": "1 held for snatching mangalsutra at Borda", "text": "MARGAO: Margao police on Friday arrested Rajesh Rajput, a native of Madhya Pradesh , on charges of snatching a mangalsutra from a woman at Borda, Margao.Police sources informed that Shanti Naik lodged a complaint with the Margao police stating that when she, alongwith her child, was walking along the road at Borda, the accused, who was sitting on a culvert, ran towards them, snatched the mangalsutra she was wearing and fled.Hearing her cries for help, a motorcycle rider passing that way, chased the accused and nabbed him. He was then handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "houstan", "code": "17071015", "title": "Sunita fixes leak in 6-hour spacewalk", "text": "HOUSTAN: Indian-American Nasa astronaut Sunita Williams along with another cosmonaut on Friday troubleshot an ammonia leak in the International Space Station's cooling system, accomplishing the chief objective of their marathon six-hour excursion outside the orbiting lab.Williams and Japanese space flyer Akihiko Hoshide ventured on Thursday outside the space station at 1229 GMT (1759 IST) and just a little more than five hours later, they had reconfigured some coolant lines and deployed a spare radiator, isolating the leak.\"Suni and Aki, heartfelt congratulations to you,\" Nasa astronaut Mike Fincke, who helped walk the astronauts through their tasks from mission control at the agency's Johnson Space Center in Houston, said.\"We accomplished just about everything we set out to do today. A big, huge congratulations to you guys on the ground for putting this together,\" Williams responded. Each of the space station's eight huge solar panels has its own associated power system, and circulating ammonia helps cool this gear down. The leak, which Nasa and its space station partners first noticed in 2007, has the potential to affect one of these power channels if it's not fixed.Today's Spacewalk, a crucial step in that process was slated to last about 6 1/2 hours, and it proceeded pretty much on schedule. By 0128 hrs IST, both astronauts had re-entered the space station through its airlock, and the spacewalk was officially over nine minutes later. At the start of the spacewalk , Williams and Hoshide made their way over to the port side of the station's backbone-like truss. They rejiggered some lines in the affected coolant system and installed a spare radiator . Nasa officials hope this stops the leak, which they suspect may be coming from the old radiator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17070659", "title": "Shop selling only organic products opens today", "text": "MANGALORE: The coastal city will have an exclusive outlet for organic food items from Saturday. Satvam Organics, spread in 600 sq ft, will only sell items cultivated using organic farming methods.One of the promoters of the outlet Shikaripur Krishnamurthi said that the shop will purchase produces only from those farmers who are certified by the Karnataka State Organic Agriculture Mission. \"Satvam is the brainchild of an ayurveda medical practitioner Anusuya Devi, engineer Pallathadka Prasad Bhat and organic farmer Sudarshana. The outlet will offer healthy, fresh and organic food products for health-conscious people. We ensure that all our products are free of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and harmful sprays. Fruits and vegetables that are grown without using artificial ripening methods and shelf-life prolonging chemicals will be made available directly from farmers,\" he added.Dr Anusuya said that food items that are produced using fungicides, herbicides, insecticides and artificial ripening and colouring chemicals will cause several health hazards.\"It is a common practice of farmers to use strong chemicals in different stages of cultivation. Harmful chemical are used right from sowing the seeds till the product reaches the final consumer. Also some farmers use oxytocin to increase the milk yield from cows. It is an unethical practice and drinking such milk will cause serious damages to health,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069722", "title": "Men fast with wives on Karwa Chauth in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Karwachauth was celebrated across the city with much religious fervour and traditional elaboration on Friday.The rituals began before sunrise and ended after the offering of prayers and worshipping of moon at dusk. The festivity shone from the terraces of several homes that had turned into party pads complete with fancy lights and firecrackers. In line with a recent trend, several men also fasted with their wives and together they prayed for longevity and good health of their spouses.Sahil Singh, who observed the fast this year with wife Manju, said, \"We are celebrating our second marriage anniversary this year and fasting together has brought us closer.\" Naveen, who married Shalini 12 years ago began observing the fast with his wife last year and would give company to Shalini this year too.On the other hand, several unmarried women also fasted for their future husbands. \"I will be getting married to my boyfriend soon, and we both observed the fast this year. We may not be married yet, but only good can come out of the practice, so we saw no harm in observing the pious ritual,\" said Swati, a bank employee who has been observing the Karwachauth fast for the past three years for her boyfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "17069480", "title": "Diwali week airfares rocket, Mum-Hong Kong up to 98 thousand", "text": "HONG KONG: Considering that demand for air travel is expected to peak during the Diwali week which falls in the middle of November, air fares for flights scheduled next week are now oddly cheaper. In short, because of the festive season, a seven-day advance purchase ticket has become cheaper than a 14-day advance purchase ticket on routes to the Middle East and South-East Asia. The difference in airfares is largely in the range of 20% to 40%, though in one case, it is a stupendous 160%.Diwali falls on November 13 and airfares on flights departing that week are sky high and are expected to continue their climb. The highest airfares being quoted are on the Mumbai-Hong Kong direct flights. On Friday, the cheapest return fare, taxes included, on direct flights between these two cities around mid-November was in the range of Rs 98,000. For this fare, only the Mumbai-Hong Kong leg, on Cathay Pacific, is a direct flight; the return journey, on Air India, comes with a Delhi halt.If you plan to fly to Hong Kong next week, though, you can buy a return fare on Air India non-stop flight for Rs 37,000, which is the cheapest currently on offer. For the Diwali week, the cheapest return fares, as expected, are on flights that come with a transit halt and are around Rs 36,000. This, though, entailed a long transit halt in Delhi, which made the time duration of the Mumbai-Hong Kong leg as long as 28 hours.\"When Kingfisher Airlines pulled out of the Mumbai-Hong Kong route, the supply fell by 300 seats per day. And Hong Kong is the gateway to China, so the route is in high demand,'' said Anoop Kanuga, director, Bathija Travels, a travel agency.\"The high airfares are a result of the increasing cost of operations into Indian airports, shortage of seats, and peak season demand,'' said Sudhakara Reddy, president, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI), a consumer rights body.The other notorious route this Diwali is the Mumbai-Kuala Lumpur one. Return airfares on non-stop flights between Mumbai and Kuala Lumpur, scheduled around mid-November, are in the range of Rs 60,000, but for flights departing next week, these stood at Rs 48,000.A similar trend in fares was seen on direct flights from Mumbai to Dubai, Singapore and Bangkok. (See 'Giddying Heights').\"Since supply has fallen greatly, the effect can be seen on airfares,'' said Iqbal Mulla, president, Travel Agents' Association of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17070097", "title": "Officer-men face-off in Army, soldiers refuse 'menial jobs'", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another incident of face- off between Army officers and men, 10 soldiers refused to carry out alleged 'menial jobs' ordered by their superiors in Patiala in Punjab and returned to their regimental centre in protest.The incident occurred last week when soldiers belonging to the 56 Armoured Regiment returned to Armoured Regimental Centre in Ahmednagar, Maharashtra, protesting against alleged 'menial jobs' assigned to them by the officers of the unit.Taking a serious view of the incident, the Army is now planning to take strict disciplinary action in the case and a court of inquiry (CoI) has been ordered, Army sources said here.The CoI will take a holistic view of the whole episode and ascertain the reasons which led to the situation , they said.Fearing strict action, the sources said the 10 soldiers are \"apologetic\" about their conduct.The Army sources said the jawans were not ordered to carry out any 'menial job'.The soldiers, who are clerks, refused to carry out their military duty of cleaning rifles and weapons and when the commanding officer (CO) asked them to perform Battlefield Physical Efficiency Tests (BPET) as form of a punishment, they protested and left for their regimental centre, they said.This is the fourth such incident in the Army in last one year during which jawans have protested against their officers and three of them have taken place in tank regiments.The last such incident took place in Samba in Jammu and Kashmir at the 16 Cavalry Unit where jawans and officers were engaged in a stand-off after the suicide of a jawan.Prior to that, several officers and jawans including the CO of the regiment in Nyoma were injured after a fight between them.Another incident took place at 45 Cavalry Unit in Gurdaspur in Punjab where officers and jawans clashed with each other after a training session.CoIs in all these incidents have been ordered but they are yet to be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17070216", "title": "Cops nab Khemka threat caller in Gurgaon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana police on Friday arrested a person in Gurgaon for making a threat call to whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka. The accused - Umed Singh, 52, - had been dismissed by Khemka in 2006 when he was an employee of Haryana Housing Board.The threat call was made on Tuesday to the office of Haryana Seed Corporation, of which Khemka is the managing director following his transfer last month from the land consolidation department. Khemka's office had filed a complaint with the Panchkula police on Wednesday, following which an FIR was lodged on Thursday and the caller was traced to Gurgaon on Friday.ACP, Panchkula, Virender Singh said following a departmental inquiry, Khemka had dismissed Umed Singh in 2006. \"Umed had nursed a grudge against Khemka. On October 30, an inebriated Umed Singh lost his cool when he watched Khemka on TV and called up his office,\" said Virender Singh, who is the investigating officer in the case.Umed, a resident of Gurgaon, was a draftsman with the Haryana Housing Board, based in Panchkula. \"In 1998, he was booked for picking up a fight with an executive officer of the board. He was arrested in the case but in 2006, he was acquitted by the court. Meanwhile, after finding guilty in the departmental inquiry, Khemka, who was the then chief administrator of the board, had him dismissed,\" said Virender.\"In 2008, Umed challenged Khemka's order by writing to then principal secretary of the department, who reinstated the employee. However, Haryana Housing Board challenged the order in the Punjab and Haryana high court and the case is pending,\" added the officer.\"The police tracked Umed in Gurgaon after tracing call records and arrested him after he confessed to the crime,\" he said.On Friday evening, in a statement to the Panchkula police, Khemka had said, \"The entire game plan is to break me down mentally and psychologically. It is a conspiracy with active connivance of top most politicians and cops. This is also to break down my family and staff, who are working with me.\" The statement was recorded by Panchkula DCP Parul Kush Jain at Khemka's residence.Khemka to meet chief secretaryHaryana chief secretary P K Chaudhery on Friday expressed his unhappiness over Ashok Khemka's failure to inform him about the threat call immediately and has called him for a meeting on Monday.Chaudhery said that Khemka should have informed him about the call immediately after he received it. \"I am not happy as he (Khemka) chose not to inform me immediately,\" the chief secretary told TOI. \"As chief secretary, I am concerned as anything of this sort should have been brought to my notice immediately,\" Chaudhery added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068827", "title": "Many dengue patients show uncommon symptoms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ankit Walia had a pain in the abdomen and he felt nauseated for over a week; little did he know the symptoms were the first signs of dengue. Faizan Ahmed said he never has high fever, a classical symptom of dengue, but when tests were conducted he was found positive for the disease.But they are not alone. A number of patients confirmed positive for the mosquito-borne infection are presenting with unusual symptoms and there is rapid fall in platelet count, say doctors.\"A number of patients confirmed positive for dengue present with mild symptoms like mild fever, abdominal pain, and vomiting tendencies among others which are not the classic symptoms of the disease,\" said a senior AIIMS doctor. He said that patients should preferably get platelet count checked if there is prolonged fever.\"While in most cases the disease tends to subside with medicines and total rest, in some cases sudden fall in platelet count has been observed,\" said Dr Atul Gogia, senior consultant internal medicine at Sir Ganga Ram hospital. The municipal corporation has reported 1,096 dengue cases in the city, including 38 new dengue cases reported on Friday, and two children have died so far. A senior municipal officer said the death of a pregnant nurse at Lok Nayak hospital and another 40-year-old woman at a private hospital in South Delhi due to dengue is yet to be confirmed. \"We are looking into the medical records of the patients,\" he said.Health experts say, people must take preventive measures like keeping the surroundings clean, not allowing water stagnation inside the house and using mosquito repellants. \"If there is vomiting or bleeding or rapid fall in platelet count, medical attention may be required,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068793", "title": "Students plant saplings to save environment", "text": "BHOPAL: Students of class X of Sagar Public School, Saket Nagar planted 25 saplings in the school campus under the supervision of school teachers -Mohammad Ashraf Dar and Charu Bhatnagar. The plantation drive was held on November 1. \"This is a small step taken by us to save our environment as an activity which is a part of the curriculum in higher classes,\" said Dr Jaishree Kanwar, principal. Chairman of Sagar group Sudhir Kumar Agrawal, principal Dr Jaishree Kanwar, director (HRD) K K Dubey and manager (HR and admin) Vijay Bahadur Singh Tomar appreciated students for the campaign to save environment.Army Public School (APS), Bhopal won the Sahodaya group Inter school basketball tournament organised by Kamla Nehru school. The event was held on October 25 in the school premises. Total of 40 teams of different CBSE schools participated in the tournament. In final match APS, Bhopal defeated Sharda Vidya Mandir by 53-25. Rishabh Guleria, students of class XII of APS was adjudged 'the best player of the tournament'.St Joseph's Co-ed School recently organised a health awareness rally in Arera Colony. Students of class VIII demonstrated ways to protect oneself from life threatening diseases. Some students also visited the patients at the Asha Niketan hospital and took information about such fatal diseases.Jack and Jill foundation school would hold its 14th annual day at Subhash School of Excellence on November 4. The event would commence at 10 am and carry on till 12.30 pm. While Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava, dean Gandhi Medical College (GMC) would be the chief guest, P R Ravi Mohan, regional director Reserve Bank of India (MP and CG) would be the guest of honour for the occasion. The theme for the annual day is 'man's tryst with challenges.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070556", "title": "Forced to marry, teen seeks help", "text": "MUMBAI: A 17-year-old girl approached the Dahisar police on Thursday, through an NGO, alleging that her parents were forcing her into marriage. The NGO submitted a letter to the police saying the girl did not wish to stay with her parents and should be sent to a shelter for juveniles. The police haven't registered any FIR but the girl's parents were summoned to record their statements.The girl, a student, resides in Dahisar East with her parents. She contacted the NGO recently, complaining that her father would beat her up if she refused to marry as per his wish. She also said she was concerned about her personal safety.But the girl's parents told the police that she was in a relationship with someone they did not approve, and that is why she did not wish to stay with them. The Dahisar police are probing the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17071239", "title": "Children's festival kicks off on a bright note in city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In an electrifying atmosphere amidst riot of colour, rhythmic drum beats, unadulterated fun and ecstasy, the 11th edition of Anjali International Children's Festival kicked off here on Friday.A huge tableau of Gautam Buddha led the carnival of love along with children dressed as Buddhist monks, symbolizing the land of peace followed by hundreds of kids dressed in fanciful costumes, masks and jewellery on the city streets.Adding zing to the carnival were camels and horses that led the fete, which was attended by children from different parts of the country as well as from Sri Lanka and Bangladesh . The rich folk art and dances of Odisha were also presented in the carnival. It set the mood for the beginning of five-day long cultural jamboree which was inaugurated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik later in the evening at Adivasi ground.\"At a platform such as this, can you really differentiate between a child who is able and one who is not. Then why cannot we give a level playing field to each of them in all walks of life? Why do we discriminate between the two and create barriers for the unprivileged,\" said Sruti Mohapatra, founder of Swabhiman, a voluntary organization that has been working for disability rights and organizer of Anjali.Summing up the 11 year long journey, Mohaptra said, \"From project Anjali in 2001 to Anjali National Children Festival in 2011, the dream has grown large to encompass children from all over India and outside countrie breaking all manmade barriers. I cannot express my happiness in words when I see Anjali growing year after year and empowering children who had been stigmatized and oppressed so that they may participate fully in society and also bridging gaps between general and disabled children, allow them to discover each other in the camp. In this journey Anjali has also grown into a joyful learning model.\"During the inaugural function, chief minister also felicitated Braja Prasad Routray, a revenue officer from Kendrapada, who was paralysed from waist following an accident with Anjali Bravey Award.The theme of the year being \"Games and Imagination\", a toy land has been created at the festival venue while a children's film festival will be held at Rabindra Mandap from November 9 to 14. During Indradhanush, a celebration over the triumph of spirit over disability, artists from Ability Unlimited Foundation and Supun Dance Academy from Sri Lanka will perform on November 4 and 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069718", "title": "A peep into life journey of Gurudev", "text": "KANPUR: Aimed to acquaint people more about the life of Nobel laureate Ravindranath Tagore, a mobile museum, established in a special train known as Sanskriti Express, arrived at Kanpur Central Railway Station on Friday.Sanskriti Express had been introduced on mark the 150th birth anniversary of Ravindranath Tagore. The special train has five coaches. Sanskriti Express has reached several places, before arriving in the city. The train started its journey from Bolpur railway station in West Bengal on April 29, 2011.On the first day, people of all ages turned up in large numbers to witness the exhibition.Sanskriti Express depicts the life journey of Gurudev. The exhibition, which has a pool of rare pictures, messages, songs, poems, writings and narrations of Tagore, gave a chance to know more about the legendary figure, who was the first in the sub-continent Asia to receive Nobel Prize.A few visitors were aware of Tagore's birthplace and about his parents. The children were keen to know more about the great poet.\"We know who Ravindranath Tagore was but we were not aware of his life journey. The exhibition shows various stages of his life. This is an enriching experience for all of us\", said Prateeksha, a student.Prashant Upadhyaya and Ajit Singh, two lads from scouts and guides remained busy in managing the crowd. The rush was less in the morning but it picked up in the afternoon.Sanskriti Express guide Nirmal Bera said that five coaches of the train depict different stages of life of Tagore. The first coach named Smriti had rare pictures and details about the childhood days. The second named as Geetanjali had the collection of peoms written by him. The photocopy of the Nobel certificate (of Nobel Prize received by Rabindranath Tagore) was pasted on the wall of the train.The third coach named as Mukhtdhara contains photographs related to drama and dance. This also showed his love towards various art forms.The next coach called Chitrarekha' houses paintings made by Tagore. The last coach named as 'Sheshkatha' depicted through pictures the last days of the Nobel laureate. The rare collection of pictures also showed Tagore with Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru.Train manager Kanchan Das said that the purpose of the special train is to apprise the students and the upcoming generation about Rabindranath Tagore and his life journey.Shanker Dey and Gopi Mukherjee, the two technical staff members of Sanskriti Express told TOI that the train will remain stationed at Kanpur Central till Saturday and leave for Allahabad thereafter.GSVM's 'Tarang' begins on Nov 5The annual cultural festival of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial (GSVM) Medical College 'Tarang 2012' is scheduled to be held from November 5 to 8. Various cultural programmes would be organized by the students during the four-day cultural festival whose major attraction this year will be an address by IAC activist Kumar Vishwas on day-two of the fest.GSVM principal Dr Navneet Kumar while addressing a press conference informed that Tarang 2012 will witness the participation of around 1,500 undergraduate and post-graduate students of the college as well as the GSVM teachers. Besides, students from several other medical colleges and dental colleges have also been invited. Dr RC Gupta and Dr Anjali Tilak have been appointed in-charges of the cultural festival.The student coordinator of the event Dr Ambreesh said day one of Tarang will be dedicated to a musical expo while Kumar Vishwas will talk to the students on day two. \"On day three, folk and western singing competitions along with kavi sammelan will be held. A musical night and a dance programme would be held on the fourth day,\" added Dr Ambreesh further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070570", "title": "Maha deal inked with Australia", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday signed a deal with New South Wales premier Barry O'Farrell to extend cooperation in power, mines, agriculture, IT, and other sectors. Chavan also spoke of FDI in retail and insurance reform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17071178", "title": "Fishers' plea for firearms dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: Five writ petitions, seeking various reliefs, including giving direction to the authorities to provide licences to the fishermen in coastal areas of Tamil Nadu to carry firearms with them, were dismissed by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday.The petitioners had sought the issuance of licences immediately to the fishermen to carry firearms with them while fishing in the sea between India and Sri Lanka in order to exercise their private defence available under IPC; to determine the coastal zone between two nations with buoys considering Katchatheevu as a natural territory and historic water of India as per the Territorial Water, Continental Shelf, Exclusive Economic Zone and other Maritime Zones Act, 1976 in accordance with Sri Lanka agreements; to provide protection to the Tamil Nadu fishermen from the Sri Lankan Navy vessels, to provide naval ships, all along the Indo-Sri Lanka oceanic borders and to provide air force cover to the fishermen, to provide coast guard personnel on vessels, yachts, steamers and boats to accompany the fishermen.The petitions were heard by the division bench and orders kept reserved.On Friday, the division bench comprising Justices Vinod K Sharma and A Selvam passed the common orders on all petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069638", "title": "Lawyers abstain from judicial work in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lawyers abstained from judicial work in Lucknow and Allahabad bench of high court as well as in all the districts across the state, paralysing the judicial work in the courts.The lawyers staged a day's token protest against recent increase in atrocities on the community and demanded the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , chief secretary and Director General of Police to show interest in matters of lawyers and ensure fear-free atmosphere in the state.The Bar Council of Uttar Pradesh had held an emergency meeting on October 29 to discuss the present affairs.It condemned the murders of lawyers in court premises in Kanpur and Mau.It also criticised the incidents of assault on lawyers in Noida and Lucknow.The council unanimously said that the incidents have caused a feeling of insecurity among lawyers across the state.The council had asked the lawyers to boycott courts on November 2 to give strong message of the community to the state government..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068819", "title": "CAG draws line on RIL: Full access, free audit", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the petroleum ministry had to cancel a meeting between RIL officials and the Comptroller and Auditor General, the auditor asserted that it was entitled to access all documents related to Reliance's contract with the government for exploration of KG basin gas.In an unusual public assertion of its mandate, the auditor issued a statement saying the Comptroller and Auditor General's (Duties, Powers and Conditions of Service) Act, 1971, gave it \"unfettered right of access to all records required for such audit and would override any conditions sought to be imposed on the audit process\".The emphatic reference to the mandate takes on significance in view of the auditor's tussle with Reliance over whether CAG had jurisdiction to scrutinize the capital expenditure claimed to have been incurred on the D6 field - the biggest in the company's block in the KG basin. Reliance says its contract with the government does not allow the CAG to audit its performance.In its statement, the auditor agreed that it could not conduct performance audit of private operators. However, it asserted that it was entitled to scrutinize Reliance as contractor of the KG basin as part of its performance audit of the petroleum ministry.The veracity of the amount Reliance claims to have spent on the development of KG basin blocks without corresponding increase in output has a direct bearing on government's take from the field. This is also at the heart of the controversy surrounding Jaipal Reddy's removal as petroleum minister. In its report, the CAG had suggested that the company may have jacked up capital expenditure -- goldplating in business jargon -- in order to reap undue gains.Early on, CAG had refused to attend a meeting, arranged by the petroleum ministry, with Reliance on the ground that it could not allow the company to set the agenda.In its statement, the CAG emphasized that the meeting was arranged by the petroleum ministry, as well as the fact that Vinod Rai, the CAG himself, would not have attended the meeting anyway. His office emphasized that Rai does not meet representatives of audited entities, when their audit is in progress.\"It is the petroleum ministry that had convened a meeting inviting the principal audit officer of CAG to discuss issues raised by RIL in connection with the ongoing audit,\" the statement said.\"This has been clarified to the ministry on 26th October, 2012, that CAG's audit would not be a performance audit of the operator and would be conducted on the same lines as done earlier,\" the CAG note said.It said the principal audit office of the CAG was in touch with the petroleum ministry to commence the audit at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17069146", "title": "Public school bodies meet Kiran Walia, discuss EWS quota &amp; nursery admissions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Representatives from three different public school committees and associations met education minister, Kiran Walia, on Friday. They have demanded for the fixing the problems created by existing land norms, a code of conduct for parents, a DE (director, education) nominee from private schools, and EWS. The representatives also told the minister that if the department centralizes submission of nursery admission forms for general category, they will all oppose it.The three groups attending the meeting were Action Committee for Unaided Recognized Private Schools, Delhi State Public Schools Management Association and Federation of Schools. \"We talked to her about the 25% reservation for EWS category, and how the amount \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 1,190 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that the government allows is not sufficient,\" says R C Jain, president, DSPSMA. The groups also demanded for a code of conduct for parents, and nomination of a director education from private schools.\"The DEs are always chosen from government schools. Earlier, some were nominated from public schools but that was withdrawn. We want a current or retired teacher or a principal from public school to be nominated,\" says Jain.According to Walia, she has \"already instructed the department to sit with these.\" \"They had brought their concerns and some of them were reasonable. We'll try to address them,\" she says. One of the concerns that struck her was the issue of \"completion certificates\" that take years to obtain but without them, schools aren't recognized by the government. \"Everytime a board exam happens, they run into trouble with CBSE and have to run for permissions,\" says Jain. \"We will have to take up their issues with other agencies and, perhaps, give them permission for two years,\" says Walia. The schools also discussed the fate of about 2,235 unrecognized schools, teaching about 4.75 lakh students after March 31, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17069409", "title": "Govt to acquire land at Bandora for 'RTO'", "text": "PONDA: The project of the Ponda regional transport office (RTO) complex finally got momentum as the revenue department has begun the process for acquiring 85,280 sq m from Bandora village in Ponda.The transport department is planning to construct a driving park on the lines of those in foreign countries in order to facilitate driving students seeking licenses alongwith a driving track and truck hub.These projects are in the pipeline and will be finalized during planning after the acquisition process is completed, said the officiating transport director Narayan Sawant.The present Ponda RTO office is located in an old house of mud walls.It faces shortage of space for people visiting to get their work done.Several times, the queues to submit forms for vehicle registration stretches onto the road. Besides, the vehicles brought to the office premises for inspection or driving tests block the main road.Concerned with these problems, transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar had proposed the well-equipped complex to house the RTO office way back in 2009.As the process to construct a new complex was time-consuming, the transport department had mulled on purchasing a part of an existing building in Ponda town costing 2.80 crore.The Ponda municipal council (PMC), however, opposed the department's plan in 2010.A councillor had also threatened to go on a hunger strike if the RTO office was shifted in the PMC's jurisdiction. The councilors claimed that the shifting of the RTO in Ponda town would create traffic congestion on its roads.The process for land acquisition was started during the last week of October. The under secretary (revenue I) Ashutosh Apte issued a notification for the acquisition of land under survey numbers 248/1, 250/1, 284/0 and 252/0 of Bandora village in Ponda taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17070828", "title": "Sehwag, Gambhir fail as Delhi shot out for 235", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A crowd of about 8,000 at the Nehru Stadium here had come to see Delhi's star batsmen perform. Instead they were treated to some inspired bowling by Uttar Pradesh , as they bundled out the rivals for 235 shortly after tea on the opening day of the Group B Ranji Trophy match.In the remaining period, Delhi managed to pick up a wicket as the home team ended the day at 40 for one, with Mukul Dagar and old guard Mohammed Kaif at the crease at stumps.Imtiaz Ahmed, playing only his eighth game for UP, was the chief destroyer as he claimed his first five-wicket haul to lay low the star-studded lineup on a hazy day.The moment UP captain Suresh Raina won the toss, he had no hesitation in opting to bowl first, having picked a threepronged pace attack on a pitch with a tinge of green.There was encouragement for them throughout the day and they harried Delhi's batsmen, including the likes of Virender Sehwag , Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli.Sehwag's 45-ball stay was sketchy. He even got a reprieve on 14 when Raina dropped a tough chance at second slip off Bhuvneshwar Kumar. But Sehwag could not make the most of it as he was foxed by a beautiful away swinger from Praveen Kumar. The UP team was happy to see his back as he seemed to be getting into groove, having struck a couple of elegant boundaries off Bhuvneshwar.The way Gambhir and Kohli set about, it seemed UP would be in for a hard grind. Gambhir looked determined and well set till he decided to shoulder arms to an Imtiaz delivery, only to be caught plumb in front of the stumps. And when Kohli fell to Bhuvneshwar soon after, Delhi were in big trouble.All eyes were then on upcoming star and under-19 World Cupwinning skipper Unmukt Chand . He was impressive against the pacemen and picked up 28 brisk runs, but the advent of spin saw him lose his cool. He stepped out to left-armer Ali Murtaza and lashed out, only for the ball to deflect off the forward short leg fielder to Dagar at silly point.It seemed quite an unfortunate way to get out.Delhi's innings was repaired by the go-to pair of Mithun Manhas and Punit Bisht, who put together an 86-run stand. Bisht is the guy who has rescued Delhi time and again over the years and today was no different as he struck as many as 12 boundaries in his 52. Delhi's downfall began when Imtiaz was introduced for the second spell in which he picked up four wickets, including that of the well-set Manhas and Bisht.Praveen Kumar joined him in cleaning up the tail as Delhi lost their last five wickets for 30 runs in less than 10 overs. Imtiaz, whose previous best was 3/32 against Gujarat, bagged 5/56 against a class opposition. Praveen, who had got Sehwag first up, added two more wickets off successive deliveries to end Delhi's innings 10 minutes after the tea interval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17070368", "title": "Tax evasion on land deal detected", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In first-of-its kind case in Gujarat, income tax sleuths have found directors of a city-based realty group and their associates of evading tax on short term capital gain of Rs 38 crore, while acquiring land for a golf and residential scheme project.The intelligence and criminal investigation wing of income tax cracked down on the group on Thursday. Officials said that the group had in 2009-10 acquired a large chunk of land from farmers on Bopal-Sanand bypass road for its golf and villa project.In the two-day operation, officials found Rs 38 crore difference between the prevailing jantri rates and the amount on which deals were registered with the state registrar's office.\"We found discrepancies in 20 land transactions made by 10 people, including the group's directors and their associates, where land acquired from farmers was sold to the company. We found that registration of land was done on prices lower than jantri rates to evade tax. One of the deals was registered for Rs 2 crore, however, as per jantri rates, the valuation of land parcel sold was Rs 11 crore,\" said a senior I-T official. Sources said that the department is also gearing up to probe land deals where by avoiding PAN details, seller or owner has tried to evade tax. Called 'no-Pan' deals, the department has got details 10,000 transactions, mainly land deals above Rs 30 lakh, where PAN number hasn't been submitted or has been found incorrect. The newly set up intelligence and criminal investigation wing has been given the task to verify such deals. The transactions also include details of cash deposits in bank above Rs 10 lakh where PAN number hasn't been provided.Sources said that the department has already identified 100 high value transaction which will be verified in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17068948", "title": "Delhi Jal Board to form committees to monitor work of pvt agencies", "text": "NEW DELHI: After coming under repeated criticism for its public private partnership projects on water distribution and management, Delhi Jal Board officials, residents and water sector experts came together on Friday to sort out issues and address concerns of tariff etc.As part of their policy to include residents as the fourth P of the project under people's participation, DJB said that it would form committees in the coming few weeks that would comprise of residents, elected representatives and NGOs which would monitor the work of the private agencies.\"These committees should form shortly in all three areas for which the project has been awarded \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Malviya Nagar, Mehrauli and Nangloi. The members will keep a watch on the private entity's work and report to DJB,\" said sources.Residents raised several questions at the meeting regarding status of the urban poor, tariff, distribution patter etc after the models were implemented. DJB officials attempted to alley fears saying that this was not a bid to privatize but was only outsourcing, an exercise it undertakes frequently even now. \"When we are not capable of handling certain issues efficiently, we have sought outside expertise. DJB will continue to remain the nodal agency for water in the city,\" said a DJB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17069157", "title": "Infant burnt alive after house catches fire", "text": "ALWAR: A nine-month-old boy was burnt alive while four other family members sustained burn injuries when their house caught fire in Dholpur district's Salempur village early on Friday morning.The fire was caused by an oil lamp which was kept on a shelf on a wall near the bed. Police said that it fell on the bed where the boy was sleeping.According to the police, the victim, Lalit, was sleeping beside her mother Kamlesh. \"The woman's two daughters, five-year-old Sapna and three-year-old Ritu, were sleeping on another bed in the same room. It seems a mouse caused the lamp to fall,\" said a police officer.The officer said the bed caught fire around 4 am. \"The woman woke up and saw her daughters and son engulfed in flames. She wrapped the boy in a quilt, held the girls by hands and rushed out of the room. However, the infant boy slipped out of the quilt. She returned to save the boy. But, he had sustained severe burns by then,\" said the officer.The woman also got trapped in the fire and fainted due to shock and suffocation. \"Other family members including the woman's brother-in-law rushed to their rescue. The brother-in-law Ramnath, Kamlesh and two girls were rushed to a hospital in Dholpur where they are undergoing treatment,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069197", "title": "Thief found dead, murder suspected", "text": "NAGPUR: A 40-year-old thief was found dead in a pool of blood in his rented room in Tulsi Nagar on Old Kamptee Road on Thursday evening. Though police have registered a case of accidental death, they suspect that he has been murdered.An injured Jaisingh Bhaisare was spotted by his neighbour who then alerted his landlady Kirti Mishra. The Kalamna police were summoned but Bhaisare died before they arrived.According to the police, Bhaisare has many robbery offences against him in several city police stations. Bhaisare was involved in many petty crimes for which he has been often jailed.Upset with his doings, Bhaisare's wife had left him. For the past one year, she has been staying with her children at Dharma Nagar in Kalamna area.Mishra told police that Bhaisare had left home in the morning and returned around 7pm on his bicycle. She said that Bhaisare was heavily drunk and couldn't even stand properly. He also seemed to be injured, she added. An hour after he struggled into his room, the neighbour found Bhaisare bleeding and unconscious.Residents claimed that the cops are taking the case lightly. They alleged that police arrived two hours after the incident was reported to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17068640", "title": "Students bring laurels", "text": "INDORE: The students of Sanmati HS School brought laurels by winning the 4{+t}{+h} position at International Young Film Makers held in New Delhi. The documentary was based on the significance of parenting. The students of Sanmati won overall 4th position and the First Special Screen Award. The students who brought laurels to the school are Naman Mishra, Darshna Gupta, Anshul Soni, Rajal Singh, Tarana Sharma, Shyamli, Shashwat under the guidance of Dimple Mehra and Arti Dubey. The script was designed by Seema Dixit. Principal Archna Sharma congratulated students for the success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17069671", "title": "'Relief during winters'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Driving along Sidhwan Canal towards Country Homes and South City will be no more a risk, as out-of-order street lights have been repaired.An architect Tanvi Duggal, who resides in the area, says, \"The problem used to get worse during foggy winters with no visibility at all. Now, driving would be safe,\" she adds.A businessman residing at Country Homes, Shirom Gupta says it is good that the stretch has street lights before the winter commences, \"But, building a boundary wall along the canal is another safety measure that will save lives during times of low visibility.\"\"It is the administration's responsive approach to provide residents necessary facilities,\" said deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17071048", "title": "Sangam markets remain abuzz during Karva Chauth celebrations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Karva Chauth, a festival where married women observe fast for the well-being, prosperity and longevity of their husbands, was celebrated on Friday. Markets and main crossings of the city saw hectic activities as married women rished to shops selling henna, beauty products and fashionable clothes. Equal favourite were the outlets of the city known for selling special eateries.Same was the condition at several shops selling gifts item, as Karwa Chauth is an occasion that encourage people to gather and socialize with friends and family, exchange gifts and share home-cooked meals.Among the markets where shopping spree was seen was Chowk, Katra and Civil Lines. The youths, who job is too apply Mehendi, were seen busy at the Subash Crossing. The bangle sellers too remained busy on the day. The beauty parlours and restaurants too did brisk business. Married women got assembled at Ram Mandir in Civil Lines for puja.The jewellery shops saw enthusiastic men making purchases for their better half. \"The most important aspect of this day is that a dawn to dusk fast is undertaken by the North Indian ladies and seeing the moon they finally break the fast. The fast is unique perhaps because nowhere in the world does a wife go without food or water just to pray for the longevity and well-being of her husband,\" said a spiritual expert Ram Naresh Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "17069699", "title": "'Start permit system for Sarabha Nagar market'", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: The market here might be the most posh in the city, but inadequate parking space makes many think twice before they head to Sarabha Nagar for some shopping and fun.Being one of the most frequented markets by city residents, Sarabha Nagar faces troubles like entrances blocked with parked vehicles because of the rush at the market.Municipal councillor of the locality Bhupinder Singh, however, says he has expressed his concern to the mayor asking him to start a permit system for visitors of the market.Charu Gupta, a homemaker residing in Sarabha Nagar says, \"Inadequate parking is perhaps the biggest problem here as visitors to the market have to park their vehicles in residential areas.\"She says they have had to wait for shoppers to return and pick up their vehicles on several instances. \"The authorities should provide alternate parking facilities or create some more lots near the market to resolve this situation,\" she adds.The market at present has just two parking lots in the vicinity. Businessman Amarjeet Singh says, \"On a daily basis, this market remains crowded, and when it is festival time, you can't just pass through Sarabha Nagar without crawling through a jam.\"Area councillor Singh says since there is hardly any space near the market, construction of new parking lots is not feasible. \"Hence we have asked the mayor to implement a permit system parking for consumers coming to the market,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17071067", "title": "V-Guard profit more than doubles in Q2", "text": "KOCHI: V-Guard Industries Ltd said its second-quarter net profit surged 163% to Rs 17.97 crore from Rs 6.84 crore achieved in the corresponding prior-year quarter, driven by better volume growth and tight cost control measures.Net turnover for the quarter under review was Rs 313.41 crore, an increase of 48% from Rs 211.43 crore a year ago. \"Remarkable growth was seen in the sales of products like digital UPS, single and three phase pumps, wires and LT cables,\" said Mithun Chittilappilly, managing director of the company. Considering the demand for its solar water heater, V-Guard will increase its manufacturing capacity.The new Perundurai plant for solar water heater will have a capacity of close to 90,000 units per annum, making it one of the largest integrated facilities in India, Mithun said.V-Guard also said that Kochouseph Chittilappilly has assumed the role of chairman of the board following the resignation of P G R Prasad. The board also appointed Cherian N Punnoose, a chartered accountant by profession, as independent director and the vice-chairman of the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17070156", "title": "Petition in Oz House to dub anti-Sikh riots 'genocide'", "text": "MELBOURNE: Twenty eight years after the anti-Sikh riots in India, a petition has been tabled in Australian Parliament seeking to recognize the 1984 violence as \"genocide\".The petition was moved by federal MP Warren Enstch on Thursday.Tabling the petition, Enstch said that as long as the 1984 events \"continue to be referred to as 'anti-Sikh riots' there can be no closure for the Sikh community.\"The petition, with 4,453 signatures, urged the Australian Parliament to recognize the violence against Sikh community in November 1984 as \"genocide\".It also called on the Australian government to urge Indian government to take \"all reasonable measures\" to bring those responsible for the 1984 violence to justice. It was the first time that the issue had been raised in the Australian Parliament.Australia's Sikh community had enlisted the help of Entsch to have this country recognize the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17069457", "title": "Goan dispora can apply for overseas citizenship of India cards in state", "text": "PANAJI: From December 1 this year, Goans settled abroad can now visit their home state without going through Delhi's administration. The ministry of home affairs has decided to delegate the powers of granting of overseas citizenship of India (OCI) cards to foreign citizens of Goan origin to foreigners regional registration office (FRRO) Goa from December 1.The Goa government has said that those interested in obtaining OCI card should apply for the same at the FRRO Goa as applications will not be accepted at the OCI cell of the ministry of home affairs at New Delhi after December 1.The government of Goa had brought to the attention of authorities in New Delhi the inconvenience and difficulties faced by NRIs of Goan origin holding foreign passports in getting OCI card status.Acting upon the request, as a first step, the government of India, through a ministry of home affairs notification dated May 14, appointed a full-fledged FRRO for the jurisdiction of Goa, including Goa international airport and Mormugao sea port effective from May 5.The question of delegation of powers to FRRO Goa to accept and process the OCI applications of foreign citizens of Goan origin was taken up by the commissioner for NRI affairs with the Union home minister so as to facilitate NRIs of Goan origin, including the elderly, holding foreign passports and intending to permanently settle down in Goa through the OCI card status, the official press release said.The government of India had introduced overseas citizenship of India (OCI) scheme to persons of Indian origin who have migrated from India and acquired citizenship of a foreign country other than Pakistan and Bangladesh from December 1, 2005.The powers of granting OCI card status to eligible foreign citizens of Indian origin were delegated to Indian missions abroad in their respective jurisdiction and to FRROs in Amritsar, Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070689", "title": "Sena meet sparks fears over Thackeray\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s health", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray on Friday met party MPs and legislators amid reports of deteriorating health of the outfit's patriarch Bal Thackeray but said it had nothing to do with his father's health.\"Everybody is concerned about Shiv Sena chief's health. Even I am concerned about his health. He is undergoing medical treatment. But there is nothing like what you are thinking,\" Uddhav said after the meeting.It was a pre-planned meeting, he said. \"The meeting had been called to apprise MPs and MLAs about certain issues. They should take up these issues in the coming sessions of Parliament and state assembly,\" he said.Uddhav also said that his estranged cousin and MNS leader Raj Thackeray and Maharashtra PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal\u00e2\u20ac\u201da former Shiv Sena leader\u00e2\u20ac\u201dcalled on the octogenarian Bal Thackeray on Thursday out of their affection for him.\"Shiv Sena supremo is considered god by the Shiv Sainiks. Yesterday, Raj and Bhujbal came to meet him. Today also Raj phoned to enquire about his health....They are concerned because they love him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17071066", "title": "BJP: Tax-free money given to business entity", "text": "SHIMLA: Taking on the Congress on the last day of campaigning for the Himachal Pradesh polls, senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley dared the party to come clean on Subramanian Swamy's charge of money collected by the AICC for \"political purpose\" - for which it gets tax exemption - being transferred to a commercial entity.\"If the Congress can't prove this charge is wrong, it would be the first case in India of a party using political funds for commercial purpose,\" Jaitley told reporters. He said this also puts raises questions about Congress's registration with the EC as a political party.\"On February 26, 2011, the Associated Journals Private Limited (AJPL) board had declared it had taken a Rs 90-crore loan from AICC on which Swamy had said that a political party cannot provide loan to a commercial entity,\" said Jaitley.\"However, this has further ramifications as, according to the Representation of People's Act, a political party gets tax exemption for donations it gets and this money cannot be used for political purpose. If this has happened, Congress will be the first party in India to do so,\" he said.\"We want to know if the money was transferred or not. If so, it's a violation of I-T law and conditions before registration of a political party. Congress should explain its conduct - how come money collected by a political party, collected under the tax exemption scheme, was transferred to a commercial entity,\" he added.Jaitley, who is also leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha, said on the last day of campaigning that inflationary policies of the UPA have affected farmers and FDI in retail would hurt the domestic retail sector. \"A political price would have to be paid for these anti-people measures that are being sold as reforms,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17069267", "title": "Provide answer keys to candidates sitting for govt exams: HC", "text": "JODHPUR: In a bid to ensure transparency in government recruitment exams, the Rajasthan high court has asked the authorities conducting exams to provide question paper and answer keys to candidates in future.These can either be provided to the candidate in the form of a hard copy or a digital copy can be put up on the respective examination conducting agency's website.The court, in a ruling on October 25, gave these directions while disposing of a PIL filed by a city-based coaching institute 'Utkarsh Classes'. The division bench of Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Sangeet Lodha also directed the agencies to supply the syllabus for the recruitment examination at the time of initiating the recruitment process.Counsel of the petitioner, P S Bhati said that after admission of the petition, the court had issued notices to the chief secretary, RPSC, RBSE, Board of Revenue, secretary (panchayati raj) and Secretary (DoP). \"In pursuance of which, the RPSC and RBSE have exercised compliance of the notices but panchayati raj and Revenue Board have not yet expressed any interest in conceding to the court's notice\", said petitioner Nirmal Gehlot.Arguing in the court, Bhati had said that non-disclosure of the question paper, syllabus and answer keys by the exam conducting bodies tantamounts to denying transparency in the examinations. \"In the recently conducted examinations for Patwaris and III grade teachers, a number of discrepancies and errors had come up, which led to cancellation of the exam for Patwaris' in all the 33 districts,\" Bhati argued.He alleged the recently held RTET (Rajasthan Teacher Eligibility Test) examination is also under the scanner for lack of transparency in the exam procedure.The court, admitted his arguments, and ruled that all candidates be allowed to take the question paper with them after the exam or it should be made available on the websites of the exam conducting agency.\"Besides this, the detailed syllabus of the examination will be issued with the examination notification and answer key to the examination will be made available on the website before the disclosure of the result\", order said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17069525", "title": "Karnad slams 'tone-deaf' Naipaul", "text": "MUMBAI: At a literature festival in Mumbai on Friday, the audience was in for a huge surprise when playwright Girish Karnad took on Nobel laureate V S Naipaul in no uncertain terms. The Bangalore-based writer's session caused a storm in the literary fraternity. When TOI contacted him on Friday evening, he refused to elaborate, saying: \"I've said what I had to say.\"Karnad, who was supposed to do a session on theatre talking about his life and work, dismissed the subject as \"boring\" and chose, instead, to concentrate on the award given to Naipaul the previous day. While many have had a bone to pick with Naipaul's anti-Islam stance in his writing, Karnad chose to approach it with a different metaphor. \"Given that music defines our daily existence... you find it in the streets, in the restaurants and so on... you would expect an exploration of India to comment on that. Now Mr Naipaul has written three books on India, three very big books... and not one of them contains any reference to music. He has gone through the whole of India without responding to Indian music.Now I think this only means he is tone-deaf. That's my reading of the situation but then there's no reason why he shouldn't be tone-deaf. It is a constitutional right we all have. But what happens is that if you don't understand music, if you don't respond to music, you can't respond to Indian history because the real development of Indian culture has been through music.\" That, said, Karnad, was the problem with Naipaul's analysis of Indian culture.... he was oblivious to the intricate interweaving of Hindu and Muslim artistry through the Bhakti and Sufi movements that gave India its heritage.Karnad accused Naipaul of having borrowed a western matrix... \"The foreigners come, they look at Indian culture, they see pristine Hindu culture, they see that it's corrupted and it's corrupted by Muslims. So you see, anyone who has read Naipaul's book will immediately recognise this matrix, which actually he claims that he arrived at through himself but it is already there in any Indological study long before.\"The Nobel-winning author's take on architecture, on which he wrote a lot, followed the same anti Muslim-strain, said Karnad. \"Now again, what he says is predictable, which is that the Muslims destroyed Indian architecture, that everything went to pot. They were the raiders, they were the destroyers, and you have to look at any building to see what happened during the Muslim regime. And here is what he said about the Taj when people argued with him: \"The Taj is so wasteful, so decadent and in the end so cruel that I found it painful to be there for very long. This is an extravagance that speaks about the blood of the people.\"Concluded Karnad sarcastically, \"None of us, if we were at the Taj, would think of the extravagance that sp8e8a8ks about the blood of the people! Th8at's why you get a Nobel Prize, you know.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17071600", "title": "Two Jet Airways cabin staff killed in road accident", "text": "Hyderabad: Two Jet Airways employees died and two others suffered injuries when their cab crashed into a roadside electric pole in Pahadesharif on Friday.The victims were identified as Tinamoni Thapa, 29, of Somajiguda and Mohammed Awais, 28, of Chanchalguda. The two were Jet Airways cabin crew.The mishap occurred at 5 am near Raviryal gate area on the Srisailam highway when the deceased along with their colleague , Fazal Ahmed Khan, were on their way to the airport in a cab. Police said the cab driver lost control over the vehicle when the left rear tyre went flat.\"Due to heavy rain, the road was slippery. The driver could not control the vehicle due to the sudden tyre burst. The car got on to the road divider and crashed into an electric pole,\" Pahadesharif SI A Srinivas said.Due to critical injuries, Thapa and Awais died on the spot while their colleague Fazal and cab driver Ravi got injured. They were rushed to a nearby hospital in '108' ambulance. The SI said Ravi was in coma and Fazal was out of danger. A case was booked under sections 304-A (Causing death by rash or negligent act) and 337 (Causing hurt by an act which endangers human life) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069244", "title": "State groping in the dark for power supply", "text": "NAGPUR: The power woes of the state seem to be unending due to lack of supply from various sources due to different reasons. The 1,130MW Parli plant of Mahagenco will scale down generation sharply from January due to low availability of water. Dabhol is generating only a third of its capacity in absence of enough quantity of natural gas. Delay in stabilization of power output from first unit of NTPC's Mouda and Adani's Tiroda plants is adding to the problem.MSEDCL has signed an agreement with Adani to buy 1,320MW generated from Tiroda plant. The first 660MW was to go online in May 2012. However, the unit is still facing some problems and its deadline for stable generation keeps getting postponed. The distributor had also signed an agreement with NTPC for 150MW from Mouda plant. The state is not getting this power too due to delay in production.Strangely, both companies are not ready to disclose the reasons for the delay. Shiv Prasad, deputy general manager (HR), NTPC, claimed the reason for delay was a 'confidential' matter and hence could not be brought in public domain.OP Bharadwaj, general manager of Adani's Tiroda plant, claimed that the first unit had been commissioned and MSEDCL was getting the contracted amount of power. However, TOI has reliably learnt that the 660MW unit is yet to go online.\"A trial was done in June but some problem was encountered and the unit was taken offline. It is still being tested,\" a junior official said on condition of anonymity. He further said the plant was facing a major hurdle due to the incomplete railway siding. \"We are constructing a railway siding from Kachhewani station to the plant. A part of this siding passes through forest land and the department is yet to hand over the required area. As a result, we are unloading coal at Ramtek and Kamptee and then transporting it by road,\" he said.Adani is supplying around 475MW to MSEDCL, but on a medium-term basis. The distributor is yet to get the long-term power from Tiroda.Meanwhile, the 500MW NTPC unit is not expected to be functional till mid-2013 as the railway siding from Chacher railway station to the plant is still under construction. RITES, an Indian Railways subsidiary, is taking its own time in completing the siding. The unit was synchronized in April this year but was taken offline due to coal shortage. MSEDCL's quota from the unit is 150MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17073242", "title": "Universal Media to release Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nayak in USA", "text": "Universal Media, which has successfully produced Julayi and Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu this year, will be releasing mega power star Ram Charan's Nayak in USA. The film, which will release on January 9, will be distributed by Universal Media.Producers DVV Danayya and Radhakrishna are planning to release Nayak's audio on November 25, although an official announcement is yet to be made. Thaman is composing the music while Chota K Naidu handles cinematography. Akula Shiva pens story and dialogues and VV Vinayak is directing the action entertainer.Yesteryear super hit number 'Subhalekha Rasukunna' from megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Kondaveeti Donga is being remixed in this film and the song was shot on Ram Charan and Amala Paul in Iceland . For the first time, Charan will be seen in a dual role in this film, which also has Kajal Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17072986", "title": "No biggest security risk to your smartphones", "text": "SYDNEY: Free casino and racing game apps available on smartphones pose the biggest security risk to mobile users, a new report has revealed.Juniper Networks's Mobile Threat Centre found that the Android apps, downloaded via the Google Play store, were the biggest offenders when it comes to accessing device functions such as camera and address book for unknown purposes.The report also said that hundreds of thousands of apps could expose sensitive data or access unnecessary device functionality.The results came after the firm analysed over 1.7 million apps on the Google Play store between March 2011 and September 2012, the Sydney Morning Herald reports.The report said that free gambling apps, which simply imitate popular casino games for fun, accessed a number of features without justification.According to the report, 94 per cent accessed phone calls, 83 per cent accessed the camera, 85 per cent could send SMS.Ninety-nine per cent of paid, and 92 per cent of free, racing game apps could send SMS, half of free downloaded apps could use the camera, 94 per cent of free games could make outgoing phone calls, the report added.In some cases, casino apps accessed the camera so users could insert a personal background picture into the interface.ome financial apps also allowed users to call financial institutions.Overall, compared to their paid counterparts, free downloads were four times more likely to track location, and they were three times more likely to access user address books, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "palakollu, west godavari", "code": "17069028", "title": "'Dwajastambham' of ancient temple collapses", "text": "PALAKOLLU, WEST GODAVARI: The 150-feet 'dwajasthambham' of the 300-year-old Ksheera Ramalingeswara Swamy temple in Palakollu of West Godavari collapsed in the early hours of Friday due to heavy rains. The temple is one of the five famous Pancharamams in the state.\"When I saw it collapsing on power lines at around 7.30 am, I immediately called up electricity department officials and asked them to switch off power supply,\" temple priest Suribabu said.On Thursday night, around 30 marriages were performed in the temple where about 2000 invitees turned up. The temple built by Chanakya Beema was subsequently renovated by the Reddy kings. The ancient temple has been listed as a protected monument by the archaeological department. Sources said though 15 years ago minor repairs had to be carried out to the 'galigopuram,' there were no doubts about the strength of the 'dwajastambham' as it is coated with copper.\"Earlier a technical committee appointed to look into the precarious condition of the ancient temples in the state visited this temple also. The committee found the 'galigopuram' safe, but could not check the inner condition of the 'dwajastambham',\" temple committee chairman Sivaji said. Locals felt that the collapse of the 'dwajastambham' was inauspicious coming as it did ahead of holy Karthika seasonwhen thousands of devotees throng the temple.With a yearly income of Rs one crore, the temple is listed in the A category. However, officials who immediately performed rituals to ward off evil. They are, however, unable to figure out how to rebuild the 'dwajastambham'. \"We are making some temporary arrangements for now, but with the help of experts we will decide how to go about it,\" one of the temple officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17070976", "title": "'Transparency needed in public life to eradicate corruption'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of Vigilance Awareness Week, a seminar was organised on 'Maintaining transparency in purchase of materials'. Judge of Allahabad high court Justice RD Khare was the chief guest. Vigilance Awareness Week marks the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.Justice Khare said, \"For eradication of corruption, it is necessary to maintain transparency in public life . While making any kind of purchase or any other work, prescribed laws, rules and regulations should be followed.\" NCR general manager Alok Johri said, \"Sardar Patel not only gave a united shape to the independent country but also observed a high standard of transparency and honesty in both personal and public life.\" Johri added that since Railways is one of the biggest organizations having public interface, rail employees should work honestly and maintain transparency in work.Senior deputy general manager MK Mathur gave a power point presentation on 'Probable irregularities in public purchase of materials'. Justice RD Khare and Alok Johri paid floral tributes to Sardar Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17071425", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcUDF workers not getting justice from state police\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KANNUR: Senior Congress leader and MP K Sudhakaran has come out openly against home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan by saying that the United Democratic Front workers were not getting justice from the police even after the front came to power.\"The behaviour of the police under Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan is the same as that under Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, and this is demoralizing UDF workers,\" he told a press conference organized here on Friday to explain his stand on Wednesday's incidents at Valappattanam police station. The MP had an argument with the sub inspector there following the arrest of a couple of people in connection with sand smuggling.\"Many senior police officers who are CPM supporters are still in key posts in the district and the condition is that even when the UDF is in power, the Congressmen are facing bitter experiences from the police,\" he said.Sudhakaran said the scenario had not changed even after bringing this to the attention of the chief minister and the home minister. He said he had gone to Valappattanam police station with other leaders as there was a case of human rights violation. He claimed that his visit had actually brought the situation under control.\"We are not supporters of the sand mafia but the sub inspector there, B K Shiju, manhandled the two arrested and also Youth Congress Azhikode mandalam president Kallikodan Ragesh who went there to enquire as to what was the issue, and as a public worker it is my moral obligation to interfere in such matters,\" he said, adding that he would quit public life if it is proved that he has any connection with sand smugglers.K M Shaji MLA, who also attended the press conference, said he had given a formal request to the home minister on Thursday, seeking the removal of the SI from Valapattanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17068739", "title": "Drive against errant school vans fails to pan out", "text": "BHOPAL: Drive against school vans fizzled out all too soon with authorities either busy with other works or their sympathetic attitude to school principals.The drive, which began more than six months ago, first against the school buses and later crackdown on errant school vans is now more of a lost cause.The drive for school vans commenced as they were posing major health and safety hazards for school children. Also, many were running without proper licence.While the school education authorities are sympathetic to the school authorities, the district administration officials cite more important work like election duty as reason for their inability to monitor the drive.Joint director, school education Bhopal division P R Tiwari, in charge of the drive from the department said, \"November-December is the time for studies in the government schools. Besides, we are concentrating on the project of developing 10 model schools in terms of infrastructure and quality of education in every district of the state,\" he saidAppearing sympathetic to the cause of the school principals, he said, \"We have told them to furnish details of every single student in their school. Now considering their point of view, it appears an uphill task. We have to give them more time as the festive season is on.\"Earlier talking to TOI, Tiwari had said the replies to the notices to schools would be received by October 24.The district administration officials claim election duty is keeping them busy.\"Because of the election duty, proper monitoring is not being done. There is lack of cooperation from the school education department. They should be strict about the drive on school vans. After all, nodal officers appointed by the department should also be accountable for this,\" said deputy commissioner revenue Urmila Shukla.She added, \"On Monday, a review meeting would be convened for monitoring the progress of the replies received by the schools in the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069211", "title": "Live performances mark opening of Nakshatra art gallery", "text": "NAGPUR: To give a fillip to the flagging art circuit, city-based artist Shweta Bhattad is holding a live performance under her ongoing series Faith, at the inauguration of a new art gallery, Nakshatra.\"Live performances are not very popular in the city and are also not a part of the art curriculum at colleges here,\" says Bhattad and adds that she hopes to introduce this concept to the students of art. \"My performance relates to the issue of farmer suicides and unavailability of food. I will be conveying the message through an innovatively worked out performance,\" she says.Bhattad had previously done this event titled Khoj at an international residency programme in New Delhi. \"I am using a coffin that will gradually fill with vomit. On display would be lots of wax food and the audience will be given empty plates and a judge's wig to wear,\" she informs. The thought is that lavish food served in weddings and parties are out of bound for the poor. The wax food items signify food that cannot be eaten and the empty plates the fact that in spite of so much food all round, people still go hungry,\" explains Bhattad. The wigs will compel people to be their own judge. She would be lying in the coffin as the water symbolizing vomit would gradually fill it up.\"It would be a good start to an activity that I intend to continue round the year,\" says Parvinder Singh, the curator of Nakshatra. Besides Bhattad, other artists from Nashik, Mumbai and Bangalore, would also be giving live performances in painting, sketching and sculpture. \"I intend this gallery to be a lively hub for all artistic endeavours. We would invite experts to hold workshops and interact with city artists,\" says Singh.Optimistic about the revival of art scenario, Singh adds, \"I have been trying to set up this gallery for the past three years despite recessionary trends.\" The sale of art works would be through an online gallery. \"Sales are an important component of any such effort. I am looking to showcase the work of untrained artists in rural parts of the region.\"Nakshatra is located on North Ambazari Road, opposite old Wockhardt hospital. The events are scheduled from Nov 2 to 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070827", "title": "Bike gang resurfaces, strikes twice in 45 min", "text": "KOLKATA: After a brief lull, the dreaded bike gang is back to terrorise south Kolkata. There have been three snatchings since Monday morning in prominent south Kolkata localities that had never known such crime until about a year ago.On Friday morning, the gang struck twice in a span of 45 minutes at Kasba and Gariahat. From the modus operandi and the description provided by the victims, police believe it is the same trigger-happy gang that shot a homemaker in Kasba in March, and opened fire in Jadavpur and Dhakuria.Around 9am, schoolteacher Somali Mazumdar was walking along a narrow lane between Kasba Kayasthyapara and Mondal Para near Haltu bus stand when she felt a sharp tug at her neck from behind. She promptly grabbed her gold chain but a man in a helmet wrenched it out and fled, taking about 10gm of the 16gm chain.She saw him jump on a red-and-black bike and escape. She doesn't remember seeing a gun but bystanders say the snatcher had a pistol in hand.By the time police reached the crime scene at 9.45am, the gang struck barely 1km away on Fern Road. Fifty-year-old Saswati Dutta was walking towards a temple in Gariahat with her son to celebrate his birthday when a helmeted man snatched her chain. \"It happened a few metres from my home,\" said Saswati. Her son, an IT professional, chased the bikers but they sped away. Locals said they passed on the registration number of the motorcycle to police but police say that they either noted a wrong number or the gang used a fake number plate.On Monday morning, a bike gang snatched the chain of Seema Darulia while she was walking down an Elgin Road pavement.The twin snatching however worried police top brass because in last month south 24 Paraganas district police claimed that they have rounded up all the culprits of south Kolkata snatching spree. DC DD special Murlidhar Sharma visited the spots along with his officers and spoke to the victims. \" The modus operandi, description of the miscreants, proximity of the places and the short time span suggest that a single gang is behind both snatchings,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17069143", "title": "Sailors starve on board another stranded ship", "text": "CHENNAI: The crew members of stricken tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery made do with little food for weeks before desperation got the better of reason and 22 of them attempted to get to shore in a lifeboat on Wednesday as Cyclone Nilam pounded the ship. Five of the sailors died and a sixth is still missing and presumed dead.Meanwhile, sailors on board another tanker, MT Pratibha Varna, owned by Pratibha Shipping, which also owns Pratibha Cauvery, are also stranded off the Chennai coast. Like the crew on board Pratibha Cauvery, they have run out of rations and are starving. They have asked the director-general of shipping (DGS) and coastal security agencies to come to their aid immediately.Sources in the company said the vessel dropped anchor near Chennai 20 days ago. At least 12 ships were abandoned by their owners last year in the sea off Chennai, and dozens of such ships and their crews are stranded near various ports in the country.Maritime experts say the sailors on these ships are going through a horrific ordeal, without food, power or water, because of the callousness of the owners and marine agencies and various bureaucratic hurdles. Officials do not allow crew members to disembark unless they are issued shore passes, for which all the ship's papers have to be in order. Sailors Helpline coordinator V Manoj Joy urged the DGS and local authorities to act with urgency to prevent another tragedy. Like the sailors of Pratibha Cauvery, crew members of Pratibha Varna say they have been abandoned by the owner of the vessel. They said the owner had stopped supplying provisions to the ship.Relatives said the company had failed to pay the sailors' wages for the past six months.\"I got a call from by brother on Thursday. We all are worried after he told us that they have no food or water,\" said Priyanka (name changed), the sister of a sailor on board Pratibha Varna. When contacted, Pratibha Shipping CEO Sunil Pawar said the company will take immediate measures to resume supply of provisions to the ship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069234", "title": "Inviting applications from former judges is 'derogatory', says petitioner", "text": "JAIPUR: The matter of delay in appointing information commissioners with the Rajasthan Information Commission (RIC) took an unexpected turn on Friday, as the litigant argued before the high court that inviting applications from retired senior judges for appointment on the posts was \"derogatory\". The litigant reasoned that instead of inviting applications from the former judges, the government should nominate them like its does in the manner of appointing judicial commissions.After hearing the arguments, a division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) summoned the advocate general G S Bapna on Monday.As the litigant argued that the government excluded former high court judges from consideration for the posts in contravention of the Supreme Court guidelines, the division bench also wanted to know the government's stand on it.The issues were raised during the hearing of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a lawyer Prakash Shukla. The PIL was moved a year ago as the state government violated provisions of the right to information Act and failed to appoint information commissions with the RIC.Following the apex court's judgment on the issue in September this year and the high court's subsequent query about steps taken to comply with it, the state government issued an advertisement calling for applications from eligible people to be considered for the posts of information commissioners. However, the ad issued on October 13 included only retired district judges-from the judicial side-for the posts. It issued another ad on October 26 and included advocates with experience of 20 years also among the eligible for the posts.Litigant Shukla's advocate Vimal Chaudhary, however, pointed out to the division bench on Friday that as per the apex court's guidelines, former high court judges were also eligible for the posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "17071446", "title": "Smiling, she confesses to fatal truth test on fianc\u00c3\u00a9", "text": "BANGALORE : A psychology undergraduate student's attempt to learn if her fiance was two-timing her or not ended in his murder. She spiked his vodka with ammonium sulphate, which she believed was a perfect lie-detector serum. Software engineer N Nitesh , 25, from Rajajinagar VI Block, was allegedly murdered on October 21 by fiancee , Soumya Saloni , 23, a resident of Peenya and daughter of an industrialist. She and her boyfriend, Parshwanath Malagatti alias Rohan of Hindwadi, Belgaum, allegedly killed Nitesh after he lost consciousness due to an overdose of the truth serum.Nitesh's body was found by passersby at Shilindra Doddi near Bannerghatta a day later. His head was crushed and mouth stuffed with paper napkins . \"Preliminary investigation of Nitesh's mobile led us to Soumya,\" said additional SP (Bangalore Rural) N Nagaraj.Soumya smiled as she confessed to the crime, startling police. \"Soumya showed no trace of remorse as she kept smiling through her confession ,\" Nagaraj said.A student of Surana College , she got to know Nitesh through a social networking site. \"They fell in love and got engaged in September 2011. Nitesh quit his job with an IT major sometime ago. His behaviour made Soumya suspicious that he was involved with other girls. She wanted to try her hand at lie detection, which she had studied as part of her psychology course.\"Soumya and Nitesh set out for Shilindra Doddi and after reaching an isolated spot, she made him drink vodka laced with ammonium sulphate ,\" police said, quoting her confessional statement.Nitesh soon developed bouts of vomiting. To stop it, Soumya stuffed paper napkins in his mouth but he fell unconscious. Soumya called friend Parshwanath to the spot .Both were worried whether Nitesh would regain consciousness and her experiment might be exposed. So Parshwanath crushed Nitesh's head with a boulder. After making sure he was dead, they left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070501", "title": "Hindi, English classics to enthral drama lovers at Prithvi", "text": "MUMBAI: Theatre connoisseurs will be in for a treat starting on Saturday as the curtains rise on the Prithvi Theatre Festival 2012. Forty-one performances by 29 production houses promise to create the experience for theatre lovers for over a fortnight starting on Saturday.This year, among the classics from English, Hindi, Marathi, Guajarati and Urdu theatre will be a unique experience of live music\u00e2\u20ac\u201dacoustic Sunday jam concert\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat will be presented on the two Sundays at 11am from November 3-18.The festival will open with a show of Ratna Pathak Shah's A Walk in the Woods followed by several other benchmark presentations, including Begum Jaan presented by Nadira Babbar, Juhi Babbar and Anoop Soni; Kaifi aur Mein presented by Shabana Azmi and Javed Akhtar; Habib Tanwar's farce on the current political scene, Moteram.A carnival with snippets from well-known plays and presented by stalwarts like Joy Fernandes, Om Katare, Ira Dubey, Sudhir Pandey, Darshan Jariwala, Naseerudin Shah, Ila Arun K K Raina and others will conclude the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17068985", "title": "Manoharan to appeal against death sentence", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after a court here sentenced Manoharan, convicted in the sensational Jain siblings' murder case, to double death, defence lawyer A Sharmila said an appeal would be filed in the Madras high court with the help of the HC's legal aid cell. The case had no eyewitnesses and the circumstantial evidences are insufficient to warrant capital punishment to Manoharan, she claimed.The prosecution also made it clear that it would fight in the higher court to ensure death penalty to Manoharan. Special public prosecutor U Shankaranarayanan said the entire bundles of the documentary evidences from the trial court in Coimbatore would be dispatched to Madras high court in another two days. A division bench of high court would analyse the evidences and go through the verdict before taking a decision on whether to validate the verdict or commute the death sentence to life term or even to acquit the person.Section 366 of CrPC states that when the court of session passes a sentence of death, the proceedings shall be submitted to the high court and the sentence shall not be executed unless it is confirmed by the high court. According to legal advisers, the convicted, in this case Manoharan, can approach the high court within 30 days for appeal. If he failed to appeal with 30 days, then the high court will conduct a referred trial and will announce the decision on the verdict of the trial court.\"If the convicted Manoharan would appeal before Madras High court, then we will file a counter appeal and fight to ensure death penalty to him. I would demand another one death sentence under section 364 (A) (kidnapping for ransom) against Manoharan,\" said Shankaranarayanan.Manoharan has been lodged in a cell at the third block of the Coimbatore central prison along with three life term prisoners. \"He was upset after coming from the Mahila court on Thursday. Later, he told us that he would approach the high court for appeal. Now, he is okay,\" said superintendent of prison S Rajendran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17072755", "title": "Survey reveals students' concern over security issues inside IIT-Bombay campus", "text": "MUMBAI:Online poll conducted by the on-campus magazine, Insight, at IIT-B reveals students' concern over security issues on campus. In a survey of more than 500 students on the campus conducted by the student magazine, 85% of the respondents felt that there should be more street lighting on campus.Around 62% of the students said they wanted security staff to have a warrant before searching their rooms. 73% said female students should have the right to request female security personnel in case of a situation involving the security office. More than 84% said they expected officers to explain before asking them to disperse from a non-restricted area. Only 2% of the students claimed they did not feel safe at all on campus.The students plan to give their study report to the Standing Advisory Committee on Security Arrangements. Several people are annoyed by late night searches conducted by the vigilance committee, stated the report. A majority of the respondents were also uncomfortable with the cows, stray dogs, leopards, on the campus. However, the state's forest officials claimed that the human beings on the campus have remained unharmed due to the large numbers of dogs on the campus that serve as easy prey to them.Students who have been facing hassle at the main gate have claimed that having a computer at the gate will alleviate the problem. The students also claimed that security checks in hostels at odd hours should be legitimatised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17069162", "title": "New rules for re-examination of forensic evidence", "text": "JAIPUR: State and regional forensic science laboratories in Rajasthan have decided not to entertain applications from any individual or organizations for forensic re-examination. The move is part of the state government's efforts to check on the misuse and to streamline the rising number of cases for re-examination for forensic evidences.Putting strict guidelines for any such requests, the government has announced new rules which came into effect from October 20. According to the rules, re-examination requests would be conceded only after court orders directing a forensic lab.In cases other than directed by the courts, the order needs to come from an officer not below the inspector general (IG) rank in police or the head of an agency. Such cases will be referred to labs located outside the state and a board will decide to which labs, the cases will referred.\"There were no proper rules for allowing re-examination of forensic evidences earlier. There are also incidents when the reports before and after the re-examination were contradictory in nature. So, to streamline such cases, we have just made it more regulated,\" said R. Venkateswaran, secretary (home) and director of state forensic laboratory.In the absence of any rules, anybody could move an application for the re-examination which was generally accepted by the labs. However, most of the time a slight change in the report was used to delay case proceedings and seek benefit of doubts.\"The move is expected to expedite the cases involving forensic evidences. It will help in ironing out the suspicion factor which arises due to conflicting reports,\" advocate Sarfarz Haider said.The state forensic labs will revisit cases only when courts direct the labs to do so. However, if the investigating agencies in the process of their investigation feel that a case needs to be re-examined, they can move a proposal. The IG or the head of the investigating agency may pass orders for re-examination on the merits of the case. If such an order is passed, the agency has to refer the case to any Central or state forensic science lab situated outside the state. The second examination will also be conducted under the supervision of the board constituted for such purposes.The rules will also be binding for the state government if it wants a case to be re-examined. The government will have to seek comments of the investigating agency on the desirability for revisiting a case for forensic testing. If it finds merit in the case, the government can direct the agency to go for re-examination. Even in such cases, the examination will have be conducted outside the state under the supervision of the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17070177", "title": "Cops rearrest Palande in cheating case", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Friday rearrested multiple murder accused Vijay Palande and his accomplice Simran Sood in another case of cheating and forgery. In the fresh case the police took over Palande as well as Simran from judicial custody. Both have been charged with cheating, forgery and breach of trust. The police are yet to arrest the duo in the passport case as both have given wrong names and addresses.According to the police, in 2011, Palande gave false information in the leave and licence agreement stating he was Karan Sood and he is running a company Ginger Impex Pvt Ltd. and misled the flat owner Murli Vatwani. The police said Palande gave his original address as Brookie Hills, Jogger's Park, Lokhandwala complex Andheri, which did not exist. \"Palande submitted forged documents to the Amboli police station for registeration. Simran aided him in his crime,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17069616", "title": "No need for CBI probe: UP govt to HC", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Thursday told the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court that it has initiated magisterial probe into the riots of Faizabad and gave compensation to riot victims, while declining need for a CBI probe into the matter.A bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit then asked the PIL petitioner to furnish reply to state's plea fixing the matter on November 7 for next hearing. Additional advocate general Bulbul Godiyal said that the state government had paid Rs 41 lakh compensation to 99 riot victims. She further said that the shops had gutted due to short circuit and not during arson by rioters. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17069249", "title": "Reliance makes power consumers suffer", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as people of Maharashtra discuss the allegations leveled by activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) against Mukesh Ambani's Reliance India Ltd (RIL), many do not realize that they are one of the worst sufferers of RIL's low gas output from KG basin. IAC has alleged that Reliance has deliberately lowered gas output to increase the price.RIL had signed an agreement with Ratnagiri Gas and Power Private Limited (RGPPL), the company that runs the 2,100 MW Dabhol power plant for supplying 7.8 mmscmd gas from September 2009. RIL had agreed to supply gas at $4.20 per mBtu, which made the plant viable. Currently, the gas rates in international market are over $14 per mBtu.RGPPL sources said that Reliance never supplied the contracted amount of gas. \"For brief periods in 2010 it was over 7 mmscmd. The supply started reducing in 2011 and plummeted sharply in 2012. Reliance' gas output has reduced by half in last 2.5 years,\" an official told TOI.MSEDCL consumers have paid over Rs 2,800 crore for complete revival of Dabhol plant. They should have got minimum 1,800 MW power in return but generation has come down to 600 MW. The plant may close down completely next year as RGPPL will start incurring losses again unless gas supply increases. The consumers are suffering with more power cuts as Reliance has failed to supply gas as per its contract.A MSEDCL officer said that Dabhol was revived at a cost of Rs 2,000 crore. \"This money is recovered from consumers through tariff. In June 2009, we signed a Rs 650 crore comprehensive maintenance agreement with GE. Consequently consumers had to pay a 35 paise per unit surcharge from December 2009 to March 2010.\"Not only is this money going waste, duration of power cuts in the state has increased as generation has reduced from 1,500-1,600 MW to 500-600 MW. With 1,100 MW Parli plant likely to shut down in January, we will face lot of problems next summer,\" the officer pointed out.Earlier, Reliance had gone back on its agreement with NTPC to supply gas at $2.34 per mBtu and government had hiked the price to $4.20 per mBtu. This made NTPC scrap the Kawas and Gandhar expansion projects that would have supplied around 800 MW to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17069490", "title": "Firecrackers retain popularity in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: While the prices of firecrackers have gone up by 20% to 25% this festive season, their popularity is yet to see a significant dip in the industrial city.People were seen thronging crackers shops at Meston road and Nana Rao park in large numbers on Thursday. Expecting a mega sale on the eve of Karwa Chauth, the shops were seen fully decked-up with a variety of crackers. The sellers also offered huge discounts to attract the customers.\"Anaars, 12 feet sparklers, big chakras, rockets- the crackers are available in nearly 2000 different forms. The 150-times light emitting Jumbo Box, chakras and rockets are the hottest items among the buyers,\" informed Sanjay, a firecracker shop owner at Meston road.He said a major sale is expected on Thursday and Friday after which the business will dip for a week. The buyers will again turn-up one or two days ahead to Diwali, as they believe buying crackers in advance makes them moist and prone to being duds.Manoj, another firecracker seller at Nana Rao park said while the buyers are resisting buying a lot of crackers due to the price rise, the old-world charm of crackers still attracts them to firecracker shops.\"Many people are not willing to buy a large quantity of crackers but only buy a few to fulfill the wish of their children. We have bought many new varieties of crackers, but due to the soaring prices, the retailers and small traders are not buying them in bulk,\" said Manoj.\"We have heard that in many cities, the police and government have banned firecrackers. At many places, the time for bursting the crackers is designated. Nothing of this sort has happened in the city yet. This has helped preserve the craze for crackers among the city dwellers,\" said Naveen, a cracker seller.Sachin Gupta, a businessman who had come to buy firecrackers at Nana Rao park said, \"No celebration is complete without firecrackers. But we are slowly learning about their harmful effects and will try to limit the quantity of crackers.\" Similar words were echoed by Dinesh Jain who bought a big box of light-emitting rockets saying that such crackers were better as they did not cause not noise pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17069389", "title": "Six-year-old kidnapped from Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: A six-year-old specially-abled girl has been kidnapped from Khorlim in Mapusa.Mithu Mujjawar, father of the victim, complained to Mapusa police that between 11.45am and 12.15pm on Wednesday unknown persons trespassed into his residence at Khorlim and kidnapped his minor daughter.Mujjawar stated that while his wife had left the house to collect his other child from the anganwadi, the unknown accused abducted his girl. Mithu has stated that he was once threatened to be killed by some persons from Dodamarg in Maharashtra at his shop in Mapusa. The matter appears to be a property dispute, police sources said.The family suspect that the same persons may have kidnapped their child. Police have launched a search operation but have yet to ascertain the exact reason behind the kidnapping. The kidnappers have so far not sent any ransom note, sources said.Police has registered the offence under Section 455, Section 465 of the IPC and Section 8 of the Goa Children's Act. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070845", "title": "State sets Dec 31 deadline for digital switch", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has asked all multi-service operators (MSOs) and cablemen to expedite the digitization process so that most television households have set-top boxes by December 31. Information and culture secretary Nandini Chakraborty has been appointed nodal officer to monitor the digitization rollout.The city that failed the October 31 deadline is currently hooked on pirated signals to enjoy the daily dose of entertainment following chief minister Mamata Banerjee's diktat to MSOs that television sets should not go blank.On Friday evening, minister Firhad Hakim, who had been entrusted with overseeing the digitization process, met MSOs individually on Friday evening to review the digitization blueprint. Sources said he told everyone that the government will not buy more time for digital switch after December.\"From January 1, analog transmission will be shut down in phases. The blank-out will happen genre wise - movies, soaps, news, cartoons and the like. The message was pretty clear: Complete digitization by December-end,\" an MSO official said.As nodal officer, Chakraborty will review the progress on a daily basis, tracking the import and seeding of set-top boxes in homes across the city. While MSOs claim that 60% of the 40-million odd homes in Kolkata Metropolitan Area have been digitized, cable operators who work on the ground say the figure is around 40%.MSOs said neither the I&B; ministry nor broadcasters had contacted them on Friday. Dismissing the threat of a phased blackout over the next seven days, MSOs said they had no option but to continue beaming pirated signals following the CM's express order.\"There is no way the regulator or broadcasters can switch off analog transmission on their own,\" another MSO official said. Though the ministry can cancel MSOs' license and broadcasters can terminate their agreement citing violation, but that will black out all televisions in the city, fuelling a law-and-order problem that neither is willing to risk.MSOs claimed they had every intent to switch to digital completely and had even worked out a plan for boxes and channel packages for the economically weaker households in slums. \"We will give the set-top box for Rs 250 and monthly installments of Rs 30 to around 4 lakh families who are extremely poor and cannot afford a substantialdownpayment. They will alsoget to view the free-to-air channels and a handful of pay channels for Rs 150 a month,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17070128", "title": "Stung by costly autos and taxis, commuters take the BEST route", "text": "Squeezed by multiple auto/taxi fare hikes and peeved with rude drivers, commuters are seeing red \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in this case, the ubiquitous BEST buses. Sources in the transport agency claimed that passenger volumes have increased by 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh daily during weekdays ever since the fare hikes were announced.\"There has been a growth of 3-5% as far as daily bus passengers are concerned. We feel these are mostly commuters who have migrated from autos and taxis plying on feeder routes to our buses,\" said a BEST official, requesting anonymity. BEST ferries about 40 lakh passengers every day. And its fares are relatively cheaper, at least one-fourth of auto fares on most routes.Commuters TOI spoke to said they have fixed a daily schedule, going to bus stops at specific times to take a bus to the nearest station or their destination and don't mind standing in queues to catch the return bus home during the evening peak hours. \"It is much easier and affordable than an expensive autorickshaw ride,\" said Subal Dasgupta, who stays in the western suburbs.Some commuters like Glen D'Souza of Thane have switched to MSRTC buses, taking one of the three services plying to Mantralaya daily.The loss-making transport undertaking is looking at the auto/taxi fare hike as an opportunity to woo more passengers and increase its earnings. BEST earns close to Rs 3 crore from tickets daily and expects to net at least Rs 36 crore annually, thanks to the increase in passengers, the sources said.Auto union leaders rubbished the theory. \"There is no major migration from autos to buses, and the business of auto drivers has not been affected at all,\" said a union activist.But commuters who did not opt for buses said they preferred autos only on shuttle routes outside stations. \"If there is a share auto, it saves us 60% fare. There is more demand for share autos and citizens are staying off autos on regular routes. The case is similar for taxis,\" said Nilesh Somaiya, a businessman.Rajesh Gade, who organized the auto/taxi boycott day on October 31 in Mumbai, said: \"We have requested BEST to ply more buses on feeder routes in the suburbs. This will encourage more commuters to switch to buses and save a lot of money (if one buys monthly passes).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17070825", "title": "West Bengal to help Christians make Holy Land trip", "text": "KOLKATA: For Christians, a trip to Jerusalem and Bethlehem during Lent is the ultimate pilgrimage, much like Haj is for Muslims. But while the state Haj committee has been helping Muslims make the pilgrimage for decades, there has been no such structured programme for Christians.Things are finally set to change though with the West Bengal Holy Land Pilgrimage Committee helping the first batch of 50 Christians fly to Jordan en route to Israel where most of the Christian holy sites are located. From next year, around 200 Christians from Kolkata will get an opportunity to visit the Holy Land between Ash Wednesday and Easter , a 40-day period of fasting and penitence.The formal structure for the pilgrimage was finalized during a just-concluded trip to Israel by Christian leaders from Bengal. Led by state minorities commission vice-chairperson Maria Fernandes, Arch Bishop of Roman Catholic Church of Kolkata Thomas D'Souza, CNI Bishop of Durgapur Probal Datta, CNI Bishop of Barrackpore Brojen Malakar, nominated MLA from Anglo Indian community Shane Calvert, Loreto House principal Goretti Tirkey, St Stepehen's School Dum Dum principal Haripada Das, President of Catholic Association of Bengal Alex Anthony and secretary of Baptist Mission in Bengal Nirmal Sapui, the team visited the Old City of Jerusalem, Nazareth , Bethlehem, Mt of Beatitudes and Yad Vashem, Israel's Holocaust memorial between October 23 and 28 on the invitation of the Israeli government.\"For any Christian, a pilgrimage to the Holy Land is an intensely spiritual experience because Christianity was born there. It is also a journey back in time because you get to visit sites that date back nearly two millennia. We also got to experience the wonderful hospitality extended by the Israeli government. A structured pilgrimage has been put in place for Christians from Bengal to make the trip of a lifetime,\" Arch Bishop D'Souza said.While the delegation took a flight to Mumbai and then an El Al flight to Jerusalem, the pilgrims will take a flight to Amman in Jordan via Doha in Qatar . There, they will take a dip in the holy river before travelling by land to Israel to visit the holy sites. \"Earlier, the opportunity for Christians in Bengal was limited as people had to travel to Israel via Cochin, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai,\" Fernandes pointed out.The proposal was mooted by MP Derek O'Brien during a meeting with Israeli ambassador to India Alon Ushpiz in Delhi. \"Ushpiz had been to Kolkata twice and loved the experience. During the meeting, he enquired how Israel could improve ties with Bengal. Opportunities in business and trade were discussed. Then I raised the issue of facilitating a pilgrimage programme for Christians from Bengal. He was immediately interested,\" recalled O'Brien. Embassy staffers Eyal Siso and Yahel Vilan were particularly helpful in organizing the trip.The trip will cost Rs 66,000 per head, inclusive of journey, accommodation and meals. Of the first batch of 50 pilgrims, honorary consul general of Israel to Kolkata Harsh Neotia will sponsor 25 persons who are from the economically weaker section. \"Our endeavour shall always be to get sponsors for poor Christians, either through private donation or government grants, so that there's equal opportunity to make the pilgrimage,\" said Calvert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17071216", "title": "4-day-old jumbo calf, born on Ooty roadside, dies", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A four-day-old elephant calf, born beside a road traversing through the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve in the Nilgiris, died inside the forest on Friday.On October 29, an elephant gave birth to a calf on the Masinagudi-Theppakadu road passing through the reserve. The just-born calf was too feeble and could not walk with its mother.However, the mother and two other two female elephants guarded the calf, and the herd waited for several hours for the newborn to move to the bushes close to the road.The herd did not allow forest officials to attend on the calf. All that the forest officials could do was to monitor and record the movement of the calf, the caring mother and her friends.The officials cordoned off the place to ensure that the calf and the herd were not disturbed by motorists.According to L Sundarrajan, forest range officer, Masinagudi, an elephant calf is usually able to walk with its mother an hour after its birth. But in this case, the baby looked very week and it could not even breastfeed.\"The calf seemed premature and also looked very week. Also, it could not breastfeed for two days continuously,\" said Sundarrajan.On the third day, the mother lay down on the earth and fed the baby. The mother elephant also allowed veterinary doctors to attend on the calf.\"Officials and doctors who were monitoring the calf did the needful. Despite all their efforts, the calf died on Friday,\" said Sundarrajan.With rain pounding the hills for the past few days, the forest floor is muddy and the calf's abdomen got infected as it was lying on the wet mud for more than three days, the range officer said.While the two female elephants left the spot on the second day, the mother waited on the calf until its death. When it moved away after the calf died, forest officials conducted a postmortem.The carcass was left inside the forest for natural decay. \"The mother elephant might return to the spot after few hours. But it could sense that the baby is dead,\" said Sundarrajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17070513", "title": "Govt not keen to pay Bihar, gets opposition nod", "text": "RANCHI: All political parties, including the Congress, the main opposition party, have decided to support the state government's stand of not paying Rs 5,334 crore, demanded by Bihar, for payment of retirement benefits and pension to employees who retired before the formation of Jharkhand.The political parties will stand firmly in support of the government stand and will also send their representatives to the all-party meeting convened by chief minister Arjun Munda on Saturday.The spokesperson for the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee, Rakesh Sinha, said the party will support the state government's stand as it is in the interest of Jharkhand. \"The state has already suffered a lot because of scams and corruption. Now if it has to pay such a huge amount to Bihar then development will stop,\" said Sinha.The general secretary and spokesperson of AJSU, D S Bhagat, too supported the stand. \"There should be some concession for Jharkhand as it is still struggling to improve its basic infrastructure and develop villages. We will support the government,\" said Bhagat.While the government is getting support from all corners, surprisingly the other state coordination committee chairman and JMM chief, Shibu Soren , is not going to attend the meeting as he is not in Ranchi. He will be returning on November 6. \"I had planned my visit to the Santhal Parganas some time back. The fact that I will not be able to attend the meeting should not be taken otherwise,\" said Shibu Soren, adding that he has authorized the deputy chief minister, Hemant Soren, to nominate someone from the party to attend the meeting. Sources from the chief minister's secretariat said since everyone is supporting the stand the state government is planning not to give the money despite the Supreme Court turning down its plea for interim relief. Last fortnight the court turned down Jharkhand's interim relief plea over the issue of reimbursement of pension funds and retirement benefits of Rs 5334.84 crore.The state government filed a petition in the apex court seeking division of pension on the basis of population instead of the number of employees. It has also sought injunction against the Centre, restraining it from deducting any amount from the grants for reimbursing it to Bihar but the court did not provide any immediate relief. The next date for the hearing of the petition in the Supreme Court is November 7.Sources from the state finance department said Bihar had earlier requested the apex court to direct the Union home ministry and Union finance ministry to deduct the amount from Central grants of Jharkhand through the Reserve Bank of India and clear the pension liabilities. The Union home ministry has been designated under the Bihar Reorganization Act, 2000, to arbitrate in case of any dispute between the two states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-03"}
