{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786584", "title": "Cops want case against CM off", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police has moved a trial court, seeking withdrawal of prosecution against chief minister Sheila Dikshit for allegedly using loudspeakers during her poll campaign in the 2008 Assembly elections, which is against EC rules.The then Samajwadi Party candidate Om Prakash had lodged a complaint against Dikshit with the Chief Election Commissioner in November 2008, alleging that she was using a handheld loud hailer for addressing the public in contravention of election rules in the Assembly constituency under the jurisdiction of Mandir Marg police station.Filing an application before Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Amit Bansal, the police said they were seeking withdrawal of the case filed against Dikshit.The court has taken the application on record and fixed the matter for February 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11785024", "title": "Police arrest brokerage official for aiding Rs 93L fraud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city crime branch on Monday arrested Tejas Phulda, a manager in the Reliance Commodities branch in the city in connection with a fraud worth Rs 93 lakh.The arrest was made on the basis of a complaint filed by Bhavesh Patel, who is the owner of Aadhar restaurant on CG road. Patel has told the crime branch officials that he had recently got in touch with a sub-broker of Reliance Commodities, Vipul Krishnakant Mishra. Vipul also introduced Patel to his namesake and brother-in-law - Vipul Ramnaresh Mishra.It was the second Vipul who had the gift of gab and convinced Patel to opt for long-term investment in the company's schemes. He had also taken Patel to the company's office at Shivalik commercial complex near Shivranjani crossroads.Police inspector K K Patel who is probing the case said, \"The manager of the branch, Tejas has been arrested because he knew that this Vipul was not connected with the company in any manner and yet he had not alerted Patel on this issue. Tejas had also allowed Vipul to trade in the company. The manager is on police remand till February 8. Both the Vipuls have gone missing since the complaint was filed.\" Convinced by Vipul's assurances,Patel had invested Rs 93 lakh over a period of time through different bank demand drafts. He had given all the demand drafts to Vipul who had pocketed the money and invested it, albeit in his own name. He also made quick withdrawals, without the investor's knowledge. Vipul also invested a portion of the money in gold.\"When gold rates started falling, the company officials alerted Patel to safeguard his investment. Patel agreed and the company sent him withdrawal forms. But Vipul stepped in and took Patel's signature on the documents and collected the demand drafts worth Rs 35 lakh from the company without the knowledge of the investor. Patel approached the company upon realizing that he was defrauded.When Patel did not receive any payment for days, he approached the company and only then realized that he was the victim of a fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785241", "title": "Grace marks for students excelling in sports to continue this year", "text": "PUNE: Students appearing for SSC and HSC examinations this year will be eligible for 25 grace marks for their performance at state, national and international sporting events. The state government's decision to give grace marks only to students falling short of passing marks will be applicable from March 2013.The state board for secondary and higher secondary education has decided to scrap the practice of allotting grace marks to all students excelling in sports as it suspects misuse of the provision after an unprecedented rise in students claiming grace marks in the last few years.Chairman of the board Sarjerao Jadhav said, \"The rule will be applicable from next year since students have submitted their performance in sports for this year. The decision came in late and hence we will make the rule applicable from March 2013.\"The board had found a sudden and drastic rise in the number of claimants for the sports grace marks. Subsequently, it sent a proposal to the state government to scrap the system and restrict the benefit only for those who fail to get the passing marks.The proposal was accepted and declared by the state school and sports departments. The board contends that the change will not do injustice to students who excel in sports as they can still avail of the 5% quota reserved for them for admissions to junior college.Participation in sporting events that are endorsed by apex bodies, the School Games Federation of India, Sports Authority of India and the State Sports Council, Maharashtra, would be considered for sports quota marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786412", "title": "Special burns unit to be set up in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Special burns units will be set up in Gurgaon and Panipat district hospitals and Rohtak Medical College. While special burn units will be set up in both the district hospitals, the medical college would have an ICU for burn cases in addition to the burn unit, the state government announced on Monday.Six-bedded burn units would be set up in the district hospitals and 12-bedded unit, including an ICU of four beds, would be set up in Rohtak Medical College. A burns unit provides specialized care to patients with severe burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786563", "title": "GMC, hospital development in phased manner on cards", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government appears to be readying to prepare a blueprint for development of the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) and attached hospitals. The plan will be discussed at a meeting on Wednesday.Attending the first meeting of the autonomous body of Gandhi Medical College (GMC), Bhopal division commissioner Praveen Garg said, \"Instead of haphazard development work, the idea is to develop the hospital and the college in a phased manner\". \"A long-term vision is needed to utilise the limited availability of space.\"Sources said arbitrary ideas are blurring the larger outlook of the campus and Garg expressed his dissatisfaction over replies of officials in his first interaction with the hospital authorities. A full review meeting has now been scheduled for Wednesday, a press release issued on Monday said.\"An architect would be appointed and a master plan would be worked out in due course,\" he added. A consulting agency is also likely to be a part of the governing bodies' meeting on Wednesday to discuss the modalities of a master plan.The commissioner's decision is welcome news for the senior management, who has been pitching for starting a 1,500-bed extension wing in the Hamidia Hospital.At Monday meeting, the status of construction work, security, medicine and equipment, campus hostel, appointment of nursing staff and laboratory technicians, laundry and kitchen facilities also came up for discussion.The meeting was attended by GMC Dean Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava, Dr BP Dubey and other senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785301", "title": "Jaripatka cops did not jump the gun in solving Meshram murder", "text": "NAGPUR: Jaripatka police proved a point while cracking the Raju Meshram murder case: cops can do better when they are not acting under pressure. Names of suspects had been furnished in the First Information Report (FIR) registered with the Jaripatka police by Raju Meshram's family, and there were strong indications of the involvement of the suspects too. However, the probe team did well not to take a decision in haste, and zeroed down upon the real culprits.There were four strong theories, several illicit relationships and more than half-a-dozen suspects in the murder of Meshram, a real estate agent. There were also several clues that could have led to the arrest of innocents for Meshram's murder.After the cops traced a suspicious outgoing call from Meshram's cellphone, cops netted Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) employee Manoj Gedam and his accomplice Vinod Illmulwar. It turned out that Meshram's illicit affair with Gedam's wife had led to the murder.Senior inspector Rajesh Unawane of Jaripatka police station said the victim's family had been insisting the police arrest the people named in the FIR and also brought the body to the police station as a pressure tactic. \"The seniors gave us support to ignore the names in the FIR, though we quizzed those people thoroughly,\" he said.High court government pleader Nitin Sambre said it is not necessary to follow the names mentioned as suspects in the FIR for arrests. \"Supreme Court has left the responsibility of arrest on the investigation officer. The apex court has said that the arrest should be primarily a decision of the officer investigating the case, who may fix his time and place for such an action,\" said Sambre.Unawane said Meshram's family wanted police to arrest the mother of one Sunita (name changed), with whom the slain real estate agent shared an alleged illicit relationship.\"Meshram's family members claimed it was a contract killing by a friend of Sunita's mother, who wanted the victim to stay away from her daughter. The same man had earlier thrashed Meshram too,\" he said.Police also quizzed another friend of Sunita's mother, who stays at Pardi. This man also shared good relation with Sunita's mother and knew she was angry with Meshram. Police said call details of this man and Sunita's mother indicated they were communicating frequently when the murder took place.Police said Meshram had also borrowed Rs 300 from a friend and urged another youth, who has criminal background, to settle the loan on his behalf. Police had nearly arrested this suspect since his bike was found washed clean, a bottle of liquor was found in his possession. The same brand of liquor bottle was found near the deceased's bike. This man was also loitering near the murder spot the following day, which had raised the cops' suspicion, but he was found to be innocent.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-II) Ambadas Pote said there was no certainty about the culprits until Gedam spilled the beans and laid bare the plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790208", "title": "Going online", "text": "Q- How big is the language testing industry in India vis-a-vis the world? What is the rate of growth? Any projections for the next few years?India is probably the second largest high-stakes testing market after China with an estimated 200K+ tests per annum administered in 2011. We believe this number will continue to grow as an increasing number of Indian students wish to pursue their studies internationally. Interest in studying abroad is evident at all levels - pathway, undergraduate and postgraduate.In addition to high-stakes language testing, there is very large testing activity related to employment, given India's importance in providing technical and customer support to international companies and this is set to grow too.Q- With visa regulations becoming stricter and emphasis of fluency of English, what role do you see Pearson playing as a facilitator?Government agencies such as the UKBA and DIAC need language tests that are secure and rigorous enough to ensure the integrity of the immigration system. Pearson is using biometric technology to raise the bar in English language testing.PTE Academic, for example, is administered using state-of-the art technologies to ensure maximum security of the test itself, and verify the identity of the test taker and ensure test takers receive their scores in the fastest possible time in order to meet tight visa processing deadlines.Q- What are Pearson's outlook/strategies for future in language testing in India?India is an exciting market for Pearson. Given the wider requirement for English language testing in India, we feel that there are opportunities to use Pearson's expertise in this area to support the changing requirements of companies and educational institutions in India.Q- With regards to current modules in language tests, are there any changes you think need to be incorporated to make it more aligned to global needs?The language testing community is always looking at testing in different contexts and are very concerned that language tests, especially in the context of high-stakes testing, should be fit for purpose and meeting changing global needs.The development of PTE Academic required the collaboration of experts across Pearson in conjunction with working with noted academics and specialists worldwide to create a new approach to the assessment of academic English and bring high-stakes language testing into the 21st Century. For example, delivers test scores typically within 5 business days, enabling test takers to meet admission deadlines faster than similar tests on the market.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786616", "title": "Ex-AIIMS doc took bribe, gets 3-year RI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a former medical superintendent of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to three years' rigorous imprisonment for accepting bribe in 1998 from a private company, which used to supply cotton to the medical institute.Special judge B R Kedia convicted 71-year-old Dr R C Anand under various sections of Prevention of Corruption Act and also slapped a fine of Rs 30,000 on him. The court also convicted a former junior store officer at AIIMS for destruction of evidence. Vyas Narayan Singh, 66, was awarded a one-year jail term and was fined Rs 10,000 by the court after the prosecution proved the allegations against the duo \"beyond reasonable doubt\".The case dates back to 1998 when Sageer Ahmed Khan, owner of Shifaa Scientific Fibre, a company which used to supply cotton to AIIMS, filed a complaint with the anti-corruption branch against the duo, alleging that Dr Anand was demanding Rs 5,000 as bribe for the tender he was given.He also alleged that Dr Anand demanded a commission of 2% on the entire future contract. The anti-corruption branch then laid down a trap and all the conversations of Dr Anand were recorded with the complainant.Dr Anand was arrested while accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785552", "title": "Civic polls: Vote seekers up against aware citizens", "text": "PUNE: Now that the battlelines are clear, election campaigning is heating up with candidates raising the poll pitch in every street corner, showering voters with promises and assurances. But not all voters are succumbing to their assurances as many citizens are determined to talk about the ground realities and pose tough questions to corporators and candidates.Candidates at the ward-level campaign are raising issues which include a wide range of popular announcements such as construction of temples, providing jobs, fighting local goons, helping housing societies and uninterrupted electricity supply.Experts say obligatory and discretionary duties of the municipal corporation and the corporators should be the focal point of the election agenda and not popular assurances. The Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act (1949) which governs municipal corporations has laid out obligatory and discretionary duties.The civic body must provide potable water supply, underground sewerage system, roads, efficient and sustainable solid waste management, health coverage focused more on the poor and primary education. Also, it has to upgrade amenities in the slums and provide alternative accommodation, clean, green and pollution free environment, places of healthy entertainment and recreation, fire services and efficient urban planning and development.The Constitution (73rd and 74th Amendment of 1992) created the statutory framework for a third tier of government for rural and urban areas through democratic decentralisation. However, political parties and candidates are not much interested in these issues during the campaign.\"They (candidates and parties) are promising metro and mono rail. But this time we are not going to succumb to their talk. Heavy traffic congestion, dusty and encroached upon roads, potholes and drain chambers sticking out have become a nightmare for citizens. Commuting is a horrifying experience. Who is responsible for the deaths on roads,\" senior citizen Kashinath Gole said. The senior citizens' club he is a member of plans to raise these issues with candidates.The civic budget for 2011-12 has said the city has just 7% of road network, when it should be 15%. This is the biggest cause of traffic congestion, states PMC's report on traffic. \"We have decided that we will not vote for a party or a leader, but for a candidate who promises good roads in our locality. We are major sufferers of bad roads,\" autorickshaw driver Shrinivas Jugale said. He has already started a 'whisper' campaign while driving passengers.Commuters of Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) are angry. \"I travel from Katraj to Shanipar to work at a shop in Tulshibaug. I wait for hours for a bus. I tried to contact our sitting corporator, but he did not respond. I have some friends who regularly travel in PMPML bus. We have decided to ask the PMPML question to candidates who ask for votes,\" said Vrushali Vaishnav.With a fleet of 1,200 buses of which 900 are on the roads, the utility remains a poorly managed body unable to cope with the pressures of transporting 10 lakh people across the city. Except for affordability, an assessment by the commuters of the transport facility faulted it on several parameters. Ageing buses with broken seats, bus stops in a shambles, poor hygiene, abysmal comfort, appalling frequency of buses and low reliability were listed as sore points. The city needs 2,500 buses, but Pune's politicians consider the PMPML a liability and have on numerous occasions set aside plans to improve it.\"Forget big projects, in the last five years our corporator has not even bothered to construct toilet blocks for us. This time we will ask her what she has done for women. Mahila mandals in our locality have decided to take up the issue in a big way,\" Lata Raje, a senior citizen from a peth area, said.The civic body has so far built 7,886 toilets for women and 1,336 urinals, while the actual need is 15,000 toilets and 3,000 urinals. The city has 1,437 urinals for men. Areas like Vishrambaugwada, Sadashiv, Narayan peths and Laxmi and Kumthekar roads have only a few. The civic administration has not utilised Rs 1 crore allocated in 2010-11 budget to construct public urinals as it could not locate land required to construct them.\"Our children have no grounds to play. Corporators should solve this problem. Water bodies in our localities are dying a slow death. The civic body has not bothered to look for a dumping ground and hence municipal contractors and builders continue to dump debris in the rivers, nullahs, streams and hills,\" Ramesh Konde from Katraj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11785266", "title": "Stage set for ZP polls; both NCP, Cong confident of majority", "text": "YAVATMAL: Both Congress and NCP are expressing confidence of coming to power in the Yavatmal Zilla Parishad polls. However, experts are predicting a hung house, which will force Congress to settle for an alliance with NCP this time too.Congress party sources are predicting a workable majority in the 62 member house, which is 32 seats. The NCP is more confident, with MLC Sandeep Bajoria expecting around 40 seats.The ZP election is said to be a contest between Uttamrao Patil of NCP and Manikrao Thakre of the Congress. Yavatmal is the home district of MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, so he is keen to muster power alone. He also wants his son Rahul Thakre to be president, since it is reserved for open category.Rahul has lost his earlier constituency of Bori Arab in Darwha tehsil, and has now shifted to Watfali of Ner tehsil. His rival is a Shiv Sena nominee, who quit the NCP and joined Sena only to get a party ticket. Loyal Sena workers are annoyed with the new entrant getting a ticket.Six-time MP Uttamrao Patil had quit Congress and joined the NCP after a tiff with Thakre, but he has not promoted any of his men, sending a positive message to voters. Patil also has a strong rural network after contesting eight Lok Sabha and one ZP and state assembly poll as Congress candidate, and winning eight of them.Yavatmal MLA Nilesh Parvekar too is confident of getting all ZP seats in his constituency. But he is busy in canvassing for his younger brother Yogesh Parvekar from Parwa in Ghatanji tehsil.Another Congress minister Shivajirao Moghe is restricting his activity to ensuring the victory of his ex-PA Devanand Pawar from Shivni of Ghatanji against NCP stalwart Suresh Lonkar.Ironically, Lonkar has been instrumental in Moghe's wins throughout his career, but now they are political foes. NCP sources said if NCP is voted to power, Lonkar would be the next ZP president.Manoharrao Naik has also fielded his elder son Yayati Naik from Sheval Pimpri ZP constituency. Since 50% of seats are reserved for women, they are also expected to get respectable posts in the ZP. They may get the vice president's post too.With the poll on February 7, counting will be held on February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789746", "title": "See and learn", "text": "Technology is increasingly being used as an enabler for inclusive education, reports Diptiman DewanChildren understand better when they see than when they read. If technology can be made an enabler to let children study subjects with a visual dimension added to books, learning is faster and consequent dropout rates of students also decline.Computers bring about a dramatic change from the mundane process of learning at school and reduce dropout rates, as seen in pilot projects we have conducted in Karnataka. Using networking technology, teachers and students can see each other real-time. While kids from multiple villages can see and hear one another on a screen, they also take the same class together. Every child is audible and visible in the different classrooms, explains Aravind Sitaraman, president, inclusive growth, Cisco.Cisco is using networking technology to educate children in rural areas. One teacher many classrooms is the method followed whereby students can see the teacher and what he/she teaches; the teacher can point out at students individually to answer questions using audio-video connectivity, and teach using applications online, which are all visible to attendees. The focus, says Sitaraman, is to make technology a knowledge-enabler as the disparity of teachers in rural versus urban India makes it imperative to have one teacher for a much large number of students across geographic spreads.So, what does it take to build a model like this? According to Sitaraman, it requires a number of stakeholders, and hence, cohesion with the ecosystem and service providers is critical. BSNL is the largest network provider, which has a national presence and helps in network connectivity; companies, big and small, with specific strengths in particular domains, content providers who provide content in local languages; partners in education space, etc, are the main stakeholders in this service.Finally, government itself is a major stakeholder, which spends a huge amount of money and has made considerable infrastructure investments. According to Sitaraman, the model can be replicated by the industry. Technology can enable education to be interactive and fun as well as reach the masses. Skill training and other services including healthcare are the other initiatives where technology can play a major role in India.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784988", "title": "Eunuchs' turf war in Ahmedabad ends", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ongoing turf war between two rival groups of eunuchs has finally ended. The warring factions approached the Vastrapur police on Monday to intimate the cops about their truce.The war had erupted after Sonia De, leader of one of the groups, was gunned down near Rupali chowk by hitmen allegedly hired by her rival Sanju Masi. Sonia was killed on November 24, 2011. Sanju too died on December 29 of severe burn injuries sustained in an accident.Ever since their death, chaos ensued in the eunuch community owing to internal disputes and fights over jurisdiction and leadership. In January, the dispute erupted in a fight between two groups. Both the parties had then filed cross-complaints at the Vastrapur police station. \"The dispute was over jurisdiction. They were unable to decide unanimously who would take care of Satellite and Vastrapur - two prime zones for collecting donations. Satellite and Vastrapur are considered to be prime zones by the eunuchs as collections from these places are the best in the city,\" said Vastrapur police.On Tuesday, both the groups of eunuchs approached the Vastrapur police and conveyed their truce to the cops. \"They have told us that the disputed areas have been handed over to Sonia's group which is now being headed by Nitu De,\" said Vastrapur police officials.The background:In 2000, Ahmedabad had two leaders in the eunuch community - Bhavna De and Sanju Masi. Sonia joined Bhavna's group in 2003. She had a meteoric rise in the community and soon set up her own akhada with a huge following.Sonia became the new face for the city's eunuch community and also a threat for other eunuch leaders. Sonia and Sanju were often involved in disputes over turf supremacy. In 2007, the two groups fought bitterly over Satellite and Vastrapur and there were no less than eight police complaints filed by both in this regard.In 2011, Sanju Masi sustained burn injuries in an accident. \"When she realized that her death was imminent, she decided to end the daily bickering once and for all. She wanted to end the threat posed by Sonia, she was afraid that Sonia would usurp her supremacy. It was at this juncture she conspired to kill Sonia and hired a hitman from Madhya Pradesh for the job,\" said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787055", "title": "This constituency is now all-woman", "text": "MUMBAI: All six councillor wards in Vile Parle assembly constituency are reserved for women. \"It's amazing as the last time round, all the wards were represented by men,\" said Krishna Hegde, Congress legislator. Hegde said a seventh ward, part of which fell in his assembly constituency, was also a women's ward. The wards include 65, 75, 76, 77, 79, 80 and 81.However, the Congress has ensured that its more important male party activists are not disappointed . The wives of sitting corporators, Jagdish Amin and Kamlesh Rai, have been given tickets from their wards. Binita , the daughter of former legislator Prem Vora has been given a ticket, as also the wife of a Youth Congress activist, Sheetal Sutar.She is also the daughter-in-law of Nationalist Congress Party district president Raghunath Sutar. The party, not to disappoint its women activists, has given tickets to local district and taluka presidents. The BJP, which for 25 years has been representing ward 80, gave the ticket to ward president Preeti Bane, while it has put up local district vice-president Shailaja Kshirsagar (ward 81).The Shiv Sena , like the Congress , has given tickets to wives of former councillors Pranali Pradeep Vedak and Shubhada Shashikant Patkar. Smita Subhash Sawant is a corporator and the wife of a former corporator. Aarti Janawale is the wife of upa-vibhag pramukh Jeetendra Janawale. Shalini Thackeray, vice-president of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) women's wing, said all their women candidates in the Vile Parle assembly constituency are full-time party activists. Shyama Kulkarni, member of Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (AGNI), said she was opposed to reservations. \"Instead, political parties should internally ensure that 50% tickets are given to women,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785627", "title": "PMC polls: 1,181 candidates in fray for 152 seats", "text": "PUNE: As many as 1,181 candidates will be in fray for 152 seats in the Pune Municipal Corporation election scheduled on February 16.On an average, each ward will see a battle among eight candidates to secure a seat. \"Nearly 4,033 nomination forms were submitted of which 3,729 forms were valid. After scrutiny and withdrawal, 1,181 candidates have remained in the fray,\" Pravin Ashtikar, election officer of the PMC said. \"Some candidates had filled more than one form and if all the forms were found to be correct, only one form was considered valid.\"He said that 479 candidates will slug it out from A wards, while 702 candidates will fight from B wards. The process of filing nominations had started on January 24, and continued till January 31. The withdrawal of nominations was done on February 4.Over the 8,000 forms were sold. The sale and submission of forms was done at 14 ward offices. The counting will take place on February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787345", "title": "Recycle industrial waste to generate revenue: experts", "text": "BANGALORE: A waste exchange mechanism for industries needs to be established in Karnataka. The goal is to reduce the adverse environmental impact of industrial waste disposal and generate economic returns through the promotion of resource recovery from industrial waste, said experts at the 'Sustainability: From strategy to growth' seminar organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Bangalore.\"Nanjangud industrial area is exchanging 40% of its wastage voluntarily. We are coming up with an idea of creating an online platform for industrial waste exchange,\" said Megha Shenoy, research director, Resource Optimization Initiative.\"In the past two decades, there has been an overemphasis on growth and this has been achieved even at the cost of environment. Average compliance ratio of industries in the city is only 50% and this does not include the small and medium enterprises which contribute to pollution more than their bigger counterparts,\" said A Ravindra, adviser to the Karnataka chief minister. \"Karnataka has very limited level of water resources. Industry and community members need to get together to work towards improving the situation,\" said AS Sadashivaiah, chairman, Karnataka State Pollution Control Board.Experts said there were ongoing economic, social, environmental and political conflicts around the world and businesses need to participate actively to stop the degradation of eco-system.\"About 77% of our solid waste in over 75 facilities of Volvo across the world is recycled,\" said Akash Passey, conference chair and convener of CII Karnataka and senior VP - Business Region International, Volvo Bus Corporation.Representatives from the state ecology department said recycling and reusing the water was the only solution. \"In Karnataka, two of the five industrial areas are highly polluted. The expertise with industry, governments and research institutions should be used to reduce pollution. Industries that have cleaner processes will be gainers and the ones causing pollution will lose out,\" said Kanwer Pal, secretary, department of ecology and environment, Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "8461831", "title": "Men turned on by successful women", "text": "Successful women are desirable, feel most men. Debarati S Sen speaks to a few and finds out that they all have some very interesting things to sayJackie Shroff:I do not think that just because a woman I successful her desirability factor increases. That is a wrong notion. A simple girl from a small village can sometimes be more desirable and attractive than anyone in the city. A woman is always attractive and her beauty, I believe, lies in her simplicity. The tag or label of a successful woman is not something that will make her more attractive. The bashfulness in her eyes is what makes a woman desirable. Her slight blush is her zevar. There lies true beauty and that is extremely desirable.Prahlad Kakkar:Men have always loved successful women. A man who is confident and sure of himself is the man who can like a successful woman. It takes a very confident man to like a woman who is successful. To like her, to live with her is not easy for a man who is not comfortable around a successful woman. Successful women are the ones who are ambitious, confident, beautiful and very desirable. These women are special and it takes a very special man to accept and love them.Aditya Hitkari:Every woman has a distinct personality and there are certain unique traits that make her desirable to her man. Every woman is attractive in that way. Just because she is successful does not make her desirable. If a person is successful then that particular person is always in the public eye. Since that person is in the people's consciousness it does make them desirable to an extent for all. This however works not just for women but it applies to the men too. Even men who are successful are desirable.Manav Gohil:Yes. Successful women are desirable. A woman with a strong personality of her own and who has her individuality intact is someone who is usually very successful. Men, I feel, would find such women desirable. Around 20 years back men would not tolerate women who were successful, around ten years back they were insecure but now they have evolved socially and are more probable to not only accept but adore a successful woman. In small towns however the woman is still predominantly a housewife and men are accustomed to see her take the backseat in life. They prefer women who are docile, not very outgoing and who are basically homebodies. Men in big towns would surely want a woman who is a successful with a personality of her own.Bappa Lahiri:For me success does not matter, it is more about liking her for what she is. It would definitely make me feel proud to see her work being applauded. How successful a woman is not something that will help me measure how much I like her. If she is successful in life I would be very proud of her. The woman is just who and what she is and that is the reason I would like her not because she has achieved something particular.Arjun Punj:I would rather like the woman for the person she is and not for the kind of success she has achieved in life. For me success is not a measure of desirability. When a woman is doing well in life one really looks up to her. She usually hides her flaws well and one gets to see only her best side. The desirability factor thereby increases to a large extent.Milind Soman:Of course! Successful 'everybody' is more desirable, who wants to be with a loser? To me success is defined as being happy with oneself and making a positive impact on one's environment. A woman who is happy being the person she is a desirable woman.Anuj Saxena:Successful women are desirable because they definitely live life with a lot of passion and have an attitude that is a class of its own and this is what is very attractive to the male ego. They are intellectually infectious and one enjoys their conversations and company. They take their own decisions all the time and are headstrong and to be in the company of such women makes a lot of other people envious too. Successful women are perceived in totally different light from the normal woman. Their personality becomes different on account of balancing personal and professional life and mind functions in all directions quickly and they have a special aura around them of being successful which is very positive and attracts men intellectually and emotionally. A successful woman can be a good inspiration and they often take time in getting attached emotionally and are often independent in nature and have their set of priorities. They tend to be immersed completely in whatever they do. Successful women tend to be articulate and at times may have a dash of arrogance too which many men may find attractive initially.Successful women are desirable because they not only have a heart but also an attitude to match it.Angad Hasija:Successful women are definitely desirable. Men often feel that it is an achievement to woo such a woman. To be in the company of a woman who is successful is attractive to most men. They definitely have a different lifestyle from normal women and are unpredictable to the hilt. Men always want the unpredictable. Successful women have individuality and can be more understanding towards your profession as compared to any other woman. A successful woman's attitude is the most attractive part of their individuality and is a big turn on for men.Ashmit Patel:A successful woman does not need a man or that is what she portrays and she exudes this aura of confidence that a man finds very attractive. The man knows that this lady can do very well without him and does not need him at all. This independence is what he gets attracted to.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786562", "title": "Multi-level parking facility near Statue junction", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Visitors can breathe easy now that the government is planning to set up a multi-level car park facility near the new secretariat annexe.\"We plan to set up a multi-level parking complex near the new secretariat annexe which is under construction. We have decided to acquire land for this facility,\" general administration department secretary K R Jyothilal told TOI.\"Only a multi-level parking area can solve our problem because we are running out of space and everyone is using cars,\" he said. The land between the present annexe and the new annexe is ideal for the parking complex. \"The notification process has not started and the district collector has been asked to initiate the land acquisition process\", Jyothilal said. But land acquisition will not be an easy process, said sources.\"There are objections from the owners of the plot. We have submitted a report to the government. If we are able to acquire the plot, it would be one huge chunk of land and we have acquired another nearby plot,\" sources said.Though the new annexe building was constructed to meet additional office space requirements, no plans were drawn up to accommodate visitors' vehicles.Visitors usually park their cars at Cantonment gate-Press Club Road causing traffic jams especially when traffic is re-routed here.\"The basement of the new annexe can accommodate cars. No extra parking space has been envisaged and everything was designed keeping in mind the number of employees at the new building,\" said public works department secretary Manoj Joshi . The estimated construction cost for new annexe, with a total area of 1, 61, 360 square feet, is Rs 40 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790574", "title": "Lakshmy \u2018scale\u2019s new heights", "text": "Actress Lakshmy, who shot to fame with her performances in films like Poi Solla Porom, Naan Mahaan Alla and Yuddham Sei, has titled her directorial debut Aarohanam.Talking about her film, she says, \"Aarohanam is a Sanskrit word, and in musical context, it denotes the ascending of the swarams in the ragas. But my film is not a musical subject. I chose to call it Aarohanam because it talks about the upswings in the lives of the protagonists.\"She adds, \"Interestingly, many of my friends told me that they didn't understand the meaning of my title. It was surprising because though we are musically-inclined, we aren't aware of the basics of aarohanam and avarohanam in Carnatic music.\"The film, which stars Abhinay, Viresh, Jai Guheni, Sampath, Jayaprakash, Viji, Uma Padmanaban, Rajee and Vijayasarathy, has been wrapped up. \"Kishore is working on the editing now. Shanmuga Sundaram has handled the camera for the film and K (of Yuddham Sei fame) is composing the music for the same. The film should hit screens soon,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11784779", "title": "Bride dumps husband, flees with paramour", "text": "NEW DELHI: A newly-wed journalist was in for a rude shock when his bride dumped him and ran off with her 'husband' - a neighbour from Panipat - just nine days after the marriage. What's worse, the bride, Reena, did not leave alone. She stole Rs 6 lakh in cash and 33 tolas of gold that her in-laws had gifted her. Reena and her paramour were arrested from Jind, Haryana, on Sunday.The incident was reported from the Bhajanpura area of northeast Delhi on November 15 last year. \"Reena said that she was already married to a person called Vijay. Her brothers are involved in several incidents of extortion and theft in Panipat. After marriage, Vijay kept calling Reena to tell her that he cannot bear to be separated from her. Finally, Reena gave in and agreed to run away with Vijay,\" said additional DCP (northeast) B K Singh. Cops are raiding several places in Haryana to recover the booty.The groom's family claims that he had received a threat on the day of the incident. was up against a gang which had roots in the Chambal ravines.\"On the night that Reena fled, one Vijay called me up from Panipat. He claimed to be a gangster and warned me that he would harm my family if I didn't withdraw the case from Bhajanpura police station,\" the groom said.Investigations revealed that Reena had conned others too, in a similar fashion. Besides stealing, the gang extorts money from grooms by threatening to lodge false cases of physical abuse against them.Heartbroken, but determined to take on the culprits, the journalist has approached Delhi Police and lodged another complaint of threat. Cops are on the lookout for Reena's brothers who claimed to be government officers. \"We have contacted Haryana Police for help. We are also analyzing call details and the video footage of the marriage ceremony to nab the other accused,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787243", "title": "Under EC watch, Badal flies economy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal - whose helicopter and aircraft bill touched almost Rs 6 crore between December 2010 and mid-2011 - travels economy class rubbing shoulders with commoners on a low-budget flight to Delhi on Wednesday, blame it on poll season.With EC's code of conduct in place till counting day on March 6, Badal will fly 'economy' as the expense of a chartered flight would have added to the burgeoning poll expense of the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD).His flight to Delhi on a chartered aircraft would have cost the party about Rs 3.5-7 lakh, a chopper ride nearly Rs 7-8 lakh per hour, say state aviation department sources. The low-budget flight came for Rs 3,784 per seat for the CM's entourage of three persons.Sources in SAD said this could be why the CM's office booked a low budget carrier for his Delhi visit after they failed to secure business class seats in Air India. Badal is due to attend a meeting related to Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee polls. An airline official said a request had been made for a seat with maximum leg space for the CM and a couple of rows of empty seats for the privilege of having him on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11790435", "title": "Telenor did no wrong: Norwegian govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telenor, which holds a 67% stake in Unitech Wireless, on Monday said that it will decide on bidding for fresh 2G licences and spectrum after the rules are finalised even as the Norwegian government made public its decision to back the firm where it is a majority shareholder.\"It is normal for ministers to take up issues like these. It is important for Norwegian companies to have a fair treatment, transparency in India and stable long-term treatment,\" Norwegian minister of government administration, reform and church affairs Rigmor Aasrud told a press conference. She is due to meet telecom minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday, where the issue is expected to come up for discussion.\"I don't think Telenor has done anything wrong. The Supreme Court order has decided on how the government handled licences. The licences were given before Telenor came to the market,\" the minister said.Even Telenor representatives have taken the same position, which was reiterated at a separate press conference by Uninor MD Sigve Brekke on Monday. \"We came here after an invitation from the Indian government to compete... But India changed its mind and it is impacting us as a foreign investor. We had nothing to do with the way the policy was chosen and implemented. Now, we are ones who are being blamed,\" he said. He reiterated his global chief's stance that exiting India was an option.Brekke said that they were exploring legal options and simultaneously trying to influence \"as many stakeholders as possible\". He said Telenor was in favour of limiting the bidding process to new comers and barring the incumbents that already had the licences handed out by ex-telecom minister A Raja in 2008.While he has already met Trai chief JS Sarma, the company is also approaching the government separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786559", "title": "Cameras go missing from bags, two in AI crosshairs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India has lodged an FIR against two employees for stealing from checked-in baggage on at least two occasions. The accused have been identified as Dalbir Singh and Naresh Kumar, both employees of AISATS.Airline sources said that on January 23, they received an email complaint from a passenger, who had travelled the previous day on AI 127 from Delhi to Chicago , saying that his video camera had been stolen from his checked-in bag.\"Sumitra Ghosh travelled in business class on January 22 and had checked in two pieces of luggage. He emailed us the next day and we asked the airport management for the x-ray image of his bag while it went through security check. CCTV footage was also checked in which the accused, Dalbir and Naresh, were seen going through the baggage on belt 7 of the make-up area,\" sources said.Both the accused had also been involved in the theft of a camera from the checked-in baggage of another passenger on January 14, the sources alleged. \"Bharat Bhasin, a passenger who travelled on AI-101 on January 14, reported his camera was missing from his checked-in bag. We checked the x-ray image of the bag to ascertain whether the camera was there. Both Singh and Kumar had been on duty that day as well,\" the sources said.Police officials confirmed that an FIR had been registered against the two but both have gone missing since the day the complaint was filed.Trouble has been brewing within Air India over their joint-venture with Singapore Airport Terminal Services. The sources said the joint-venture had not brought any of the benefits promised to employees that included more and better trained personnel and sophisticated equipment.\"The working of AISATS employees is extremely poor. We are facing a lot of problems but nothing is being done about it since it was a ministry decision to enter into this joint-venture,\" said the airline sources.AI had its own team of ground-handlers, which doubled up with other airlines too. AISATS started operations at Delhi in 2010. However, the operations were immediately hit as the new staff was unable to deal with the work.Ground handling of some AI flights had to be outsourced for sometime to a private company.\"When we had a ground-handling unit within the airline, where was the need for the joint-venture. Not only did we not get the benefits promised to us but those who did not agree to be part of the joint venture lost their jobs and the ground handling standards have fallen significantly,\" the sources alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786184", "title": "Anti-corruption havan held at HUDA office", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar on Monday organized an anti-corruption havan and asked all the officials to take an oath that they would not indulge in corruption and would work selflessly. The havan was organized as per the vedic tradition at the office of the Estate Officer II in Sector 56.The havan was preceded by a public grievance meeting which was attended by dozens of residents. When the meeting got over around 6pm, Kumar asked the officials and other staff to remain in the room and soon the havan started with chants of hymns, fire, and an oath written by the administrator himself.\"The administrator asked all the officials to take an oath that they will never take bribe from the residents and do their work with honesty,\" said a senior authority official who participated in the havan Earlier, during the public grievance meeting, the officials sorted out the pending requests of the residents relating to plots and cases of over 100 residents were solved. Kumar heard the complaints of the residents regarding delay on part of the estate office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ambedkarnagar (up)", "code": "11787021", "title": "BSP in tight corner on dalit turf", "text": "AMBEDKARNAGAR (UP): To experience the sharp erosion of support for Mayawati, one must visit Ambedkarnagar. A district named after the dalit icon and personally \"adopted\" by the chief minister, it remains enveloped in darkness.As Lucknow's Rs 2,000-crore Ambedkar Memorial Park dazzles, 200 km from the state capital Ambedkarnagar is a sea of darkness. It's 8pm and the town is already half asleep. The only signs of life are in little small patches lit up on the occasion of Barawafat by diesel-guzzling generators. This district doesn't even get its quota of 14-hour electricity that the state's mofussil towns are entitled to.\"The number of power riots that the district has seen in the past few years is unprecedented,\" says Om Prakash , a social activist. \"Not that the power crisis is new here. Now people have lost patience and started reacting bitterly.\" As an afterthought, he adds: \"Is zile ko toh Mayawatiji ne god liya tha. Iska vikas toh sabse zyada hona chaihye. (Mayawati had adopted this district. It should have been ahead of all.)\"Ambedkarnagar was the first \"nagar\" named after a dalit ideologue by Mayawati when she tasted power in 1995. It was showcased as Mayawati's Amethi and Saifai rolled into one and the district has so far been loyal to BSP.Mayawati achieved a hattrick winning this parliamentary seat and BSP rule was at its zenith after the 2007 elections when all five MLAs from the districts were from the blue brigade. But with lack of development virtually putting her on the ropes this time around, she seems to have already ceded a considerable lead to SP and may further be slipping.Three of BSP leaders from the district - Lalji Verma, Ram Achal Rajhbar and Dharamraj Nishad -became key Maya ministers. This time, only one of them - Lalji Verma is in the fray. Ex-transport minister Rajbhar, after his indictment by the Lokayukta, has made way for his son Sanjay in Akbarpur. Former fisheries minister Nishad has crossed over to neighbouring Jaunpur to contest from Shahganj. This speaks volumes for the trio's performance.BSP has been doing so well in the district because of united support from dalits and most backwards castes, Rajbhar and Nishads, who have been standing solidly behind Behenji. But that unity now seems to be crumbling.MBCs complain that dalits have grabbed the lion's share of welfare schemes. So, despite choosing a \"safe\" seat for himself, Verma is in a spot because SP has fielded old warhorse Shankhlal Majhi, a Nishad, from here.Two more sons are tasting electoral waters in neighbouring Jalalpur. While sitting BSP MP Rakesh Pandey has managed a ticket for his son Ritesh, BJP has fielded muscleman Azamgarh MP Rama Kant's son Arun. The two are locked in another intense battle against former BSP man Sher Bahadur.The discontent is all-pervasive. Bad power scenario, breakdown of irrigation facilities, fertilizer available only after spending a fortune. Everybody wants a reply. More so, because three of their MLAs remained ministers for a better part of the past five years.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786313", "title": "AP govt may take over retail liquor trade", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move aimed at neutralizing the powerful private liquor lobby in the state, the Andhra Pradesh government is taking steps towards taking full control of the liquor retail trade in the state which is now in the hands of private syndicates. This exercise is a direct fall-out of the recent ACB raids on the liquor syndicates where it was found that the retail shops were minting money by selling liquor over and above the maximum retail price (MRP).Having seen the ACB reports, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is keen on putting an end to the private monopoly in the retail liquor trade, said sources in the government. The excise and prohibition department has been asked to submit a report on the liquor retail trade in various states by April. A new policy is expected to be announced in May.The policy announced by the YSR government led retailers to create 'belt' shops and turned liquor business into most corrupt system in the country, the sources said. \"The retailers in the state are selling liquor 30-40 per cent over and above the MRP to increase their profit margins and recover the huge license fee. This is nothing but unfair trade,\" the sources added.The CM is said to have taken Congress high command's concurrence on the issue as the ruling party is being targeted by the Opposition Telugu Desam Party because of the alleged involvement of some ministers in the trade.The officials in the excise and prohibition department have been asked to find out an alternative model to replace the present system before June when the present licenses expire. The idea is to sell liquor in government shops. This will boost the revenues to the state besides reining in the liquor mafia in the state, said the official sources.The officials now found three systems being practised in the country: wholly private, private and public partnership and wholly owned by the government. As a part of the exercise, the excise and prohibition department is studying various alterative models to replace the private- vendor model of Andhra Pradesh.Several teams have been formed to visit states like Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and New Delhi where the retail business is run either by the state or government in partnership with private vendors. An official, who is a member of one such team, told TOI that they had studied thoroughly the Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation Limited (Tasmac) model where the government-run shops alone sell liquor.\"Last year, Tamil Nadu earned Rs 18,000 crore while Andhra Pradesh's revenue was just Rs 14,000 crore. A huge portion of the money, collected by selling above MRP is pocketed by the retailers,\" the sources said. The department hopes that it could increase the revenue by at least 10-15 per cent by reforming the liquor trade.The team visited liquor shops and stock points in Tamil Nadu in January and interacted with officials and workers in retail shops. Now the department officials are examining the model being followed in Karnataka and New Delhi as well. \"We are also examining the Karnataka model where the shops are co-owned by the government and private parties. Shortly, we will send teams to New Delhi to study the shops which are run by civil supplies department,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785529", "title": "Many highly educated in fray but some semi-literates too", "text": "NAGPUR: It is a change that has come over the years. Many candidates in the municipal elections are well-educated. At the same time, major political parties sidelined some highly qualified aspirants who appeared in their interviews in favour of relatively less educated ones as they had to look at electability that includes political background, mass support and financial strength.Many popular candidates too are highly educated but a few of them are just the opposite. According to the declaration in nomination forms, former mayor Maya Iwnate has studied up to Standard V. Jagdish Gwalbanshi has done Standard VII. There are some who had passed SSC including NCP candidate from Dhaba Harish Gwalbanshi and BJP candidate from Sai Mandir Munna Yadav.Among popular candidates, Milind Mane of RPI Aghadi from Nara ward and Prashant Chopra of Congress are MBBS doctors. Both are sitting corporators too. Lokmanch corporator and candidate from Gandhisagar Dipak Patel has the highest number of degrees to his name - MCom, DBM and Bachelor in Journalism. NCP corporator Pragati Patil, who is contesting from Civil Lines ward, has completed MA followed by MPhil from Aurangabad University.BJP's mayoral candidate and city unit chief Anil Sole has completed BEd after doing MSc. Vishakha Maind, who will contest along with Sole from Deekshabhoomi/Shankar Nagar ward, is BEd. Young corporator from Ram Nagar Parinay Fuke is MBA from Sikkim Manipal University. Interestingly, Fuke obtained the master's degree in 2010 after being elected for the first time in 2007.Deputy mayor and Shiv Sena district president Shekhar Sawarbandhe is also highly educated and has worked as a geologist at Mineral Exploration Corporation ltd (MECL). Congress corporator and candidate from Jail Ward Rajni Barde is a homoeopathy degree holder from Mumbai.There are a few engineers too, including BJP candidate from Narendra Nagar Avinash Thakre (computer science) and Rajesh Ghodpage (civil). BJP candidate from Khamla Girish Deshmukh too holds diploma in industrial engineering. Among the graduates are leader of opposition group and Congress mayoral candidate Vikas Thakre (BCom), chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi (BCom), the richest candidate and Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe (BA) and his opponent from BJP Vijay Raut (BSc). Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, who is known for his all round knowledge, had to give up education after the second year of diploma in mechanical engineering following his father's demise.In the interviews conducted by BJP, around 980 aspirants appeared. Of them, 31 were having BE degree, 24 were lawyers, 17 doctors and six chartered accountants. Some could find place in the final list including Dr Uma Gatibandhe from Jagnath Budhwari, Dr Safalta Ambatkar from Jail Ward, Adv Minakshi Telgote from Takli Sim, Adv Mohan Waghmare from Sakkardara, Adv Sanjay Balpande from Hansapuri, and civil engineer Deven Dasture from Medical Ward.Similarly, over 900 aspirants appeared in the interviews conducted by the Congress. Of them, 427 were graduates, 24 doctors, 19 engineers, 20 lawyers, six with PhDs and seven MPhils. Rekha Barahate from Airport ward is a doctor, and prominent among graduates include Prerna Kapse and Prasanna Borkar from Gopal Nagar.Among 18 candidates of Shiv Sena, Mangesh Thakre is a diploma holder in pharmacy, Jayshree Jambhule (MSW), Alka Dalal (MA), Sheetal Gharat (B.Ed), and Anil Nagrare (civil engineer).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11785575", "title": "Educate girls for a better worldSlug: Women's Meet", "text": "BANGALORE: She rose against dictatorship and climbed the ladder of democracy to live in a free world. Shireen Ibrahim Fattah, representative of the Kurdish government, Iraq , believes a free world makes for a conducive learning environment, especially for women. She enlists the pros of a democratic world during her recent visit to the Art of Living campus in Bangalore to address delegates at the Women and Technology meet. Excerpts from an interview:What does it mean to be free from a dictatorial regime?I have to tell my story to answer this question. My father was in prison for eight years because of the dictatorial regime, as a result of which my entire family suffered. I have seven brothers; they supported me for my education and that is how I am what I am today. To be free is very important so that everybody can get education.What do you believe democracy can achieve? Why?Democracy will facilitate education for girls, which is very important because it contributes to betterment of society.Which country do you believe is truly democratic?I cannot talk about any one country which is truly democratic. In European countries, women are free, they can wear any kind of clothing, can get education, and also get whatever they want.What are some of the problems that you've faced as a woman and don't want any other woman in the world to be subject to?I haven't faced the kind of problems other women in my country have. Many women are not educated because they don't get support of their families.What's the relation between humanity and culture as a tool for humanity?In my country, culture prescribes that women cover their heads. When my daughter sees me not wearing my scarf in other countries, it amazes her and she asks me why I am not wearing it. I tell her that I have to adjust to the culture of the countries I am visiting.What really has technology done for women?A few years ago, there were no mobile phones and people couldn't contact each other easily. Now, I can call my husband to ask him how he is because I have a mobile. But it is also important that women are educated on how to use technology.What is your masterplan for a better world, a better Iraq?I want education for all, especially women. Also peace, freedom and the ability to understand each other better, to make the world a better place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784725", "title": "HC forms SIT to check illegal mining in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court has taken a serious note of illegal mining taking place in the state on a largescale, especially in the green belts and has constituted a special investigation team headed by Justice K S Choudhary, a former judge of Rajasthan High Court.\"The special investigation team constituted by the court has been asked to file a detailed report and visit sites of mining in the state. The one man SIT formed by the court has been authorized to take any preventive measure in regard to the illegal mining and the state government has been directed to release a sum of Rs 2 lakh as honorarium to retired judge heading the SIT besides providing the necessary assistance within a period of two week,\" said R D Rastogi, an advocate appearing in PIL.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) passed the order while hearing a batch of PILs related to illegal mining on Friday. The court was informed that illegal mining was rampant in state and often it happened in connivance with government officials.The division bench expressed concern over the large number of illegal mining activities brought to its notice from all over the state and constituted the SIT. The bench said a team, specially empowered by it could put a check on the illegal mining racket and would help identify and punish the government officials involved in it.Recently, the report filed by Central Empowered Committee constituted by the SC said: \"We find that there is total inaction on the part of the officials in permitting certain mining leases to operate and the officials have completely failed to control the illegal mining.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787824", "title": "Bannurmath pulls out, governor rejects his name", "text": "BANGALORE: The 103-day logjam between governor HR Bhardwaj and chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda over the appointment of Justice SR Bannurmath as Lokayukta ended on Monday with the latter opting out on his own and the governor sending the file recommending his name back to Vidhana Soudha.Both developments happened late Monday afternoon with each player unaware of the other's move. The file with Justice Bannurmath's name for the Lokayukta's post, sent by the CM to Raj Bhavan on October 24, was finally rejected by the governor and returned to the government.Just then, Justice Bannurmath sent a letter to the CM, stating he wanted his name to be withdrawn. The retired chief justice of the Kerala high court, who had declined to comment all these days when the controversy was simmering, has convened a press conference at 11am on Tuesday to state his position. The anti-graft institution has been virtually headless after Justice Santosh N Hegde retired on August 2, 2011. His successor, Justice Shivaraj V Patil, got embroiled in a controversy of irregularities in allotment of sites to him and stepped down from office on September 19. Justice Bannurmath was former CM B S Yeddyurappa's nominee; even before the governor could consider his name, the judge found himself mired in a controversy of having constructed his house on a civic amenity plot in the Judicial Layout in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11785731", "title": "CM to review govt performance", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda will review achievements of all the government departments in the first three quarters of the current fiscal. The review meeting will start on Wednesday and continue for two days.Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said on the first day the chief minister will review progress of home, energy, industry, rural development, urban development, tourism, forest, transport, drinking water and sanitation and water resources.On the second day, he will review the achievement of human resource development department, building construction, science and technology, welfare, food and civil supplies and social welfare.\"The review meeting has been called in wake of poor progress by almost all the department in the first three quarters of the current fiscal. The chief minister wants to know the reasons behind poor progress and just two months are left,\" said an official adding that Munda wants to expedite the fund utilization by the departments especially in public welfare schemes.An official in planning department revealed that if the departments continue to work at same pace then most of them will have to surrender more than 30-35 per cent of the fund allocated to them in the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785868", "title": "Plaintive Pipili cry of crime and suppression", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Parents of the alleged Pipili rape victim had apparently repeatedly informed police in writing, indicating sexual assault on the girl, but the latter neither accepted the complaints nor did anything to nab the culprits.If their last complaint on January 9, on which police was finally forced to register cases, including rape, is any indication, police and doctors, both at the Capital and SCB medical college who treated the girl, tried their best to suppress the matter. \"It is beyond any father to swallow the way they (hospitals) treated my daughter. I was threatened at the SCB medical college, and the doctors under pressure from some political persons, discharged my daughter. Because I am a poor Dalit person, they forced me and my daughter out from the hospital like a dog,\" the complaint said.The girl, as per records, was first admitted to the SCB on November 29 and was discharged, despite being comatose, on December 14. During her stay in the hospital, she was not even provided a bed, let alone treatment at the ICU, and developed serious bedsores. After the SCB \"forcibly discharged\" her, the girl's family took her to the house of a relation at Ghatikia in Bhubaneswar, instead of their village, fearing for her life.Pipili police finally registered the complaint at the Capital hospital here on January 9, following intervention by the State Human Rights Commission on the same day. Police record shows the cases were registered under Section 376 (rape), 307 (attempt to murder), 341 (wrongful restraint), 506 (criminal intimidation), 34 (common intention) of IPC, read with Section 3 of the SC, ST Prevention of Atrocity Act. The complaint categorically refers the subject as \"rape and murder attempt\" on the girl.The content of the complaint is in contrast to the public impression created by the State Commission for Women (SCW) through a report submitted to the chief minister recently that it was silent on rape. The commission's February 1 report has since sparked widespread condemnation and street protests by people from different walks of life and political parties, describing it as a \"desperate attempt\" to bail out the government during the sensitive time of panchayat polls.SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi, when contacted, admitted she had not even visited Pipili, less than an hour's drive from Bhubaneswar, unlike Anita Agnihotri, member secretary of her national counterpart and a team of doctors from AIIMS. \"The women's commission, despite knowing everything, initiated no tangible steps in the case. Helplessly, we later went to the State Human Rights Commission,\" the complaint pointed out.Enquiries revealed the girl's family members had intimated local police, indicating sexual assault on her, at least thrice. They first informed police orally immediately after finding the girl in a paddy field near her house on the morning of November 29 in an \"unconscious and complete naked condition\".The complaints apart, on January 21, family members of the girl gave a written consent to the crime branch to conduct medical examination on the girl to ascertain \"rape and attempt to murder\".The alleged crime perpetrated on the 19-year-old girl has been linked to the mysterious death of her next-door friend, Prabhati Behera in September 2008. Both Prabhati and the girl, now battling her life at the SCB Medical College and Hospital at Cuttack in a comatose state, were close friends. Some miscreants had outraged Prabhati's modesty in 2008, following which she subsequently died in September the same year, which was described as a case of suicide.The Pipili girl came under threat as she agreed to become a court witness against the miscreants who had led to her friend's death. She had refused to budge from her stand despite repeated meetings, reportedly held at the local BJD office. Her father lodged repeated complaints with Pipili police in February 2008, but in vain. When local police paid no heed to their complaints, they drew the attention of Puri district SP. A case was registered only after the then SP intervened in the matter.The case is still open, which reportedly goaded the miscreants to take to the extreme step of \"finishing\" the girl, the only witness to the crime perpetrated on Prabhati. \"Both incidents have close links with each other. There is more to it than what meets the eye and only a CBI inquiry can unravel the truth,\" said Rabi Das, joint convener of Odisha Gana Samaj, the civil society body that started the statewide movement of achieving justice for the victim.\"The Pipili girl would not have been readmitted to the SCB for treatment and a probe would not have been conducted in the case but for the timely intervention of the high court,\" said advocate Prabir Das, who moved a PIL on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790582", "title": "Valentine's Day: Gifting and dining ideas", "text": "Wondering what all you can do on Valentine's day? Here are some options...Refresh your love this Valentine's Day at The Tasty TanglesThe Tasty Tangles is a vibrant, all day restaurant where chefs prepare fresh aromatic dishes within minutes over an open flame in full view of the guests. The restaurant provides a unique combination of wholesome of fresh food and an energetic ambience that very few have been able to master: a marriage of vision and taste, an accomplishment.The Tasty Tangles aims at satisfying your every craving for authentic South East Asian food. Be it Singapore noodles, Chicken satay, Nasigoreng or the all time favourite sticky rice, the chefs at The Tasty Tangles will toss up a delicious meal within minutes. The Tasty Tangles kitchen imports a sizeably large chunk of ingredients to serve up truly authentic food. The restaurant has a menu for everyone to enjoy the different varieties of flavours and dishes that this cuisine has to offer! With specialties from Singapore to Malasiya, Thailand to Indonesia The Tasty Tangles is Mumbai's one stop destination that guarantees the authentic South East Asian Food experience. Make this a Valentine's to remember.Express your love at Out of the Blue, PowaiOut of the Blue is celebrating Valentine's Day this year with a special menu, gifts and lots of entertainment. Each guest will be welcomed with a wand, tiara and a rose. Valentine's Day Special - a five course meal with unlimited alcohol @ 2500 + taxes per person at the Love Booth. Menu includes soups, starters, main course and desserts. A La Carte is also available. Pamper your loved one with gifts at the Love Booth. Choose from Vial of fragrance, Cosmetic set; OTB heart shaped chocolate, Love cheques, sachet of herbal tea, Bottle of OTB pint with dress, Sex dice. Enjoy the night with Live Music and a screening of your favourite Black and White Romantic Films. Get caricatured with your partner or capture your romantic evening in instant photographs. Have an Out of the Blue, Valentines Day !Fashionatclick.com geared up to groom you this Valentine's Day!Fashionatclick.com , a runway fashion portal, stands by you to groom and style you this Valentine's Day with its special collection. An exceptional collection of clothing lines, accessories, shoes and bags, for an accomplished look this Valentine's Day. \"Love begins in the eyes and hence dressing oneself to please the eyes for ones lover is important. Considering this we at fashionatclick.com came up with the special Valentine's Day collection.\" says Manvi Singh, Designer and Director, Fashionatclick.Allure your valentine this year with romantic, bold and hot hues of pink and red. Latest and chic designs, perfect for the occasion. Collections suitable both, for the lovelyday and the romantic evening. Classy and fashionable short dresses, clubbed with accessories with lots of floral effect and clutches and shoes to go with it. Induce romance and spark in your lives this Valentine's Day with fashionatclick.com.Cupcakes and Cappuccino's from Cinnabon this Valentine'sHave a bonny Valentine this year with fresh Cupcakes and Cappuccino's from Cinnabon!Its Valentine's Day and Cinnabon is just what you need to make your Valentine feel loved. This Valentine's Day, Get 2 Cappuccinos ( Small ) and 2 Cupcakes ( Chocolate &amp; Red Velvet ) at just Rs 213. Cinnabon will make sure you have no complaints!Address Home introduces it's Valentine's collection 2012Valentine is round the corner and Address Home offers a gifts galore for someone special! Candle holders, candelabras, candles in red and metallics, photo frames and beautiful crystal decor pieces are great to gift to the ones you love, or decorate your own home! Bring in the romance with lovely dining collections and glassware in silver and gold. Warm up your living and bedroom spaces with bespoke cushions and home linen in the Valentine colors of reds, whites and silver. Come and be surprised in the season of love! Price: Rs . 750 onwards.A distinctive range of Valentine gifts from Mukul Goyal!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11787286", "title": "Don't want to become political, but can't remain silent: Karmapa", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Reacting to the ongoing spate of self-immolations by monks and alleged persecution of Tibetans in their homeland, Tibetan spiritual leader the 17th Karmapa on Monday hinted at taking up a political role, saying that he usually refrains from interfering in political matters but \"can't see Tibetans in pain\".In a statement issued here, Ogyen Trinley Dorje, the 17th Gyalwang Karmapa, clarifies that having been given the name Karmapa, he belongs to a 900-year-old reincarnation lineage that has historically avoided any political engagement, a tradition, he has no intention to change. However, the statement further states, \"As a Tibetan, I have great sympathy and affection for the Tibetan people and I have great misgivings about remaining silent while they are in pain. Their welfare is my greatest concern.\"\"I call on the authorities in Beijing to see past the veneer of wellbeing that local officials present. Acknowledging the real human distress of Tibetans in Tibet and taking full responsibility for what is happening there would lay a wise basis for building mutual trust between Tibetans and the Chinese government. Rather than treating this as an issue of political opposition, it would be far more effective for Chinese authorities to treat this as a matter of basic human welfare,\" the Karmapa said n his statement.He requested Tibetans inside Tibet to stay true to themselves keep their equanimity in the face of hardship and remain focused on the long-term goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789570", "title": "Imran Khan's dinner date with Mauritius's PM", "text": "This is surely Imran Khan's lucky year. While the actor was still busy celebrating the early arrival of his dream car - a custom made red Ferrari , he has a new occasion to celebrate.A source close to Imran informed Mumbai Mirror that he received an invitation from the Prime Minister's office a couple of days back to have dinner with him at the Hyderabad House in New Delhi on February 7.Interestingly, a guest for the formal dinner party had made a special request for Imran. \"The Prime Minister of the Republic of Mauritius , Dr Navinchandra Ramgoolam and Mrs Veena Ramgoolam will be visiting India and they wanted to meet Imran,\" revealed the source.According to sources from the industry, Imran Khan is quite popular in the island republic. \"The Mauritius PM wanted a meeting with Imran Khan to be arranged in his itinerary. The dinner has thus been planned on February 7. It will begin at 8 pm,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11787199", "title": "Contractors to pay for broken roads, potholes", "text": "The highways department has decided to try a new system to award contracts for road-laying projects amid rising public indignation over substandard work that has resulted in potholes and rutted roads.Acting on a suggestion by governor K Rosaiah, the department will soon start a 'Performance-Based Maintenance Contract System' on a pilot basis in Coimbatore Circle and implement the system in due course across the state. Instead of the contractor being paid upfront, payments will now be on a yearly b a s i s , based on the quality of work. The contractor will be responsible for the road for five years. Governor Rosaiah had announced in the assembly last week that the highways department would try out a new payment method to make road contractors accountable after they complete work on a contract.Instead of floating tenders for a one-time investment on a road-laying project, payments in the new system will be based on the contractor meeting or exceeding clearly defined parameters. \"Payments will be based on the condition of the road,\" said a highways official. The new system will measure the contractors' performance based on work outputs rather than the outcome of the process.The contractor is currently only given specifications for relaying work. Once the relaying is done, there is no way to ensure that the contractor is fully accountable. The highways department retains 3% of the total project cost against any road damage within a year of completion. \"The amount is very small so many contractors are willing to forgo the money,\" the official said.While the system is working well in Andhra Pradesh, fewer companies are likely to be interested in a project with the staggered-payment model. \"Only big corporates can afford to spend on the resources and manpower necessary for a five-year project if they are not paid in advance,\" the official said.The new system was briefly introduced in Salem last year without any success. \"We have learnt from our shortcomings and will make changes so it works,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11785283", "title": "Madurai school asks HIV positive boy to stay away", "text": "MADURAI: A primary school in Keela Sandhaipettai on Monday resorted to the extreme step of stopping a 12-year-old boy from coming to school after one of the teachers discovered that he was HIV positive, his distraught mother has claimed.The incident came to light after Valli (42), (name changed), the boy's mother went to the drop-in centre run by Tamil Nadu State AIDS Control Society (TANSACS) to seek help from B V Babu, president of the Madurai Network of Positive People.Speaking to TOI, Valli (42), who is also an HIV+ said, \"I fell sick about two years ago and blood reports revealed that I tested positive for the deadly virus. I have been on medication ever since,\" she said. Surprisingly, her husband Kaliappan, a tricycle puller, elder daughter Easwari (18) and youngest son Parameswaran (10) have tested negative. Valli said that she never underwent any major blood transfusion or surgery and has no clue as to how she contracted the virus.Valli said she had borrowed Rs 30,000 from a local papad manufacturer to meet the cost of her treatment two years ago. \"Today, this amount has increased to Rs 1 lakh. The only way I will be able to clear my debt is when my sons finish their education and get good jobs. But now, my elder son's future hangs in balance,\" she said.Her brother, who had promised to get his son married to her eldest daughter, has now changed his mind, on coming to know of his sister's HIV status. \"I fear that my children may not be able to lead a normal life because of my disease. All I want is the society to treat them as equals ,\" she said.Her son Kathir (name changed) used to fall sick frequently and a blood test done last year had revealed that he was HIV positive. But he was not put on the ART drug as his CD4 count was 475 and the drug is given to patients only when their CD4 dips below 350, said Babu.Kathir looks puny and thin compared to his younger brother who also studies in the same school. \"We were asked to pay Rs eight each for a blood test to identify our blood groups for the ID card. The teacher asked me if I was under treatment for any specific disease and asked me to bring my booklet,\" he said.Babu says that this is a clear violation of human rights. \"I think the laboratory, which tested the boys may have suspected something and asked the school to verify details,\" he said. The boy said that the teacher started discriminating against him soon after perusing the tiny notebook which contained details about his treatment.Meanwhile, the boy's younger brother also stayed away from school as one of the teachers had allegedly told him to ensure that his brother did not come to school from Monday onwards. \"My brother had been sitting alone in one corner of the classroom and the boys in my class are asking me why,\" he said.When The Times of India contacted the district elementary education officer M K T Subhashini, she said that the issue had been taken up with the school's administration. However, the school authorities had denied the allegations and had told her that he did not attend school as he was sick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786661", "title": "IAS officer to Shivraj Singh Chouhan: Don\u2019t kill me with slow poison", "text": "BHOPAL: In his first direct letter to the chief minister, IAS officer Ramesh Thete has accused chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan of killing him \"with slow poison\".\"Don't kill me with slow poison, by being indecisive about my promotion\" the letter said.Thete is a 1993 batch IAS officer of the MP cadre, currently additional commissioner in Ujjain. He was suspended in 2002 after the Lokayukta's Special Police Establishment allegedly caught him taking a Rs 1 lakh bribe from the principal of a technical institute. He, however, was cleared from the bribery charge by the MP High Court and then the Supreme Court.However, he was not reinstated immediately, he threatened to self-immolate in front of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) in January last year.Written on February 3, the four page letter said : \"I had finished my studies on the footpaths of Azad maidan in Mumbai.....with a dream in my eyes that someday I would be a collector. I worked as a labourer and cracked the IAS exam......\".\"I had requested the government to post me as a collector, just for a month. But all my requests were thrown in dustbin\".In a sensational allegation, Thete said, \"Those officers who had indulged in corrupt practices and amassed illegal property were given charge of districts- four times. They were also given promotion and given significant assignments\".\"I had requested the government to post me as a collector, just for a month. But all my requests were thrown in dustbin\"Thete said, \"The only difference is that I am efficient (see my ACR) but I am a dalit, they are inefficient but they are savarna. Remember, the law doesn't allow postings on the basis of caste\".This was not his first. In an earlier letter to the chief secretary with a copy to the CM, Thete had threatened to commit suicide. \"This is enough. Don't cross the limits of injustice\", Thete wrote in an emotional note, \"don't force me to die a slow death.\"Raising the dalit issue again, Thete said \"The departmental promotion committee found me eligible for promotion but this decision has been sealed in an envelope. I have been harassed under a conspiracy just because I am a dalit\". \"It's frustrating when my juniors in the IAS talk to me as Secretaries of their respective departments\". \"Shockingly\", he said, \"the Lokayukta has sought permission to prosecute me while the special court at Jabalpur has taken cognizance of the cases without any prosecution permission. This is the height of injustice as the state government watches it all as a mute witness\".\"I want a CBI inquiry of the cases closed by the Lokayukta to clear the clouds of confusion\", he demanded.\"I am tense as I have been shouldering the responsibility of two daughters, my wife is not keeping well and I don't own a house. If something happens to me, my family would be in bad shape. You will be held responsible individually, along with the state government. I don't want it to happen,\" his letter to CM said. Demanding justice and promotion and withdrawal of Lokayukta cases, Thete summed up with a threatening note, \"This is my last letter to you and the state government. The rest is up to you\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11775592", "title": "Dia Mirza to get hitched next year", "text": "The Hindi cinema industry has always been known for its big love affairs and bigger break ups.However, with the new year, the Bollywood mindset seems to be changing. And fast. While many celebrities have already decided to take their relationships to the next level, and will be tying the knot in 2012, Dia Mirza too has planned to legalise her romance with filmmaker Sahil Sangha. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the actress who had been dating her Love Breakups Zindagi director Sahil for the last couple of years has decided to tie the knot some time next year.When contacted, Dia revealed, \"Well, we haven't finalised the date yet. But yes, Sahil and I shall start planning sometime next year.\"A friend of the actress however, informed Mirror, \"The original plan was to marry by end of 2012. But last week, they mutually decided to shift the date to 2013. The wedding will take place in Mumbai.\"Needless to say, the ex-beauty queen and the filmmaker are ready to take the plunge. \"Their families too are happy with the decision,\" added the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785559", "title": "Residents of Barra-V to boycott elections", "text": "KANPUR: The residents of Barra-V have decided to boycott elections as the road between Hanuman temple to Daroga guesthouse had not been repaired during the last five years. The condition of the road is very bad. The resident of the area told TOI that despite making complaints to the local corporators, nothing has been done. They have decided not to cast vote this time.The residents said that deep potholes have developed on the road and giving them a tough time for a long time. The improper drainage system has aggravated the problems.\"The sewage water flows on the road and gets accumulated into the potholes. It is tough to commute on the dirty road with filthy water. This problem worsens at night. People often get hurt,\" said Arvind Katiyar, a resident of the area. He said that it had been decided not to cast vote to any political leader during the elections this time.Another resident Prashant Gupta said that the leaders of the political parties come to the area only during elections. \"We know how these political leaders make fool of the masses and once elected they do not do anything in terms of development,\" he added.The fairer sex has also stood up with their male counterparts. No woman voter of the area would cast vote. \"This way, we will protest against the system and the political leaders,\" said a woman resident.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11790149", "title": "Bangladesh to be theme country in next Kolkata Book Fair", "text": "KOLKATA: The statistics that emerged at the end of the 36th Kolkata Book Fair, were stunning. In 10 days, more than 16 lakh people visited the fair and bought books worth Rs 16 crores. This was enough to make the fair the biggest on the planet, claimed the Publishers and Booksellers Guild, the organisers of the fair.As the clock struck 9, symbolic of the curtains coming down on the fair, the flag of the fair was handed over by this year's theme country Italy, to next year's theme country, Bangladesh. Book Fair 2013 will see a large number of Bangladeshi authors and publishers visiting the city. The Kolkata Literary Meet, that saw leading authors like Vikram Seth, Chetan Bhagat and the likes, comind down to the fair for special sessions, was a great hit with book lovers. KLM will be back next year, and will now be a permanent fixture at the fair.The closing ceremony was attended by state industries minister, Partho Chatterjee and state transport minister, Madan Mitra. Both promised to look at infrastructural details like upgrading the Milan Mela grounds by removing concrete ramps, improving electricity connectivity and lighting, constructing an underpass between Science City and Milan Mela grounds and improving public transport connectivity. \"We have solved the drinking water problem this time. Next year we hope to solve the other issues,\" promised Partho Chatterjee.Among the writers present at the closing ceremony were Shirshendu Mukherjee, Joy Goswami and Ranjan Bandyopadhyay.This year's fair saw some controversies. First there was a black-out in the auditorium when former cricketer turned politician, Imran Khan was speaking on stage. Next, the Guild disallowed a local publisher from launching Taslima Nasrin's book. While the Guild initially said that the power supply was deliberately cut since Imran was getting late for his next programme, it later did a volte face and cited cable problems. Taslima's book was released by the publisher in their own stall. A peeved litertatti of the city likened this to the Salman Rushdie episode at the Jaipur Literary Meet. The Guild however said that it stopped the release fearing communal tension.Book Fair 2013 will start on Jan 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790354", "title": "Did Rana opt out because of Simbu?", "text": "Trisha too, reportedly, may have influenced the Telugu actor's decisionIt's old news that Rana Daggubatti opted out of Vetri Maaran's Vada Chennai. While Rana cited date reasons, director Vetri Maaran said that the actor wasn't happy with his character in the film. Meanwhile, there's another rumour doing the rounds in Kollywood.Apparently, Rana opted out of the film because of his costar Simbu. The actor always seemed apprehensive about signing on the film because of his costar, but was somehow convinced as the role and the fact it was awardwinning Vetri's film. He seems to have developed cold feet post signing the flick and going for the one-day workshop, allege sources.The story also goes that since Rana and Trisha, who are reported to be dating as well, were very close, she may have voiced her thoughts on Simbu as well. Of course, Trisha has denied that Rana and she are anything more than good friends. No matter what the reason, Vetri's project is stalled as of now since Simbu is not in the country and the director needs to work on finding a new cast member. Meanwhile, Rana is still looking out for his dream debut Tamil project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11786163", "title": "Food security and sustainability of agriculture discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day national seminar on food security and sustainability of agriculture would be held at UP Rajarshi Tandon Open University ( UPRTOU) on February 09. The seminar is being organised under the auspices of school of agricultural sciences.Organizing secretary Dr P P Dubey informed that trust the deliberations and interactions during the seminar will promote wider understanding of the problems faced by the nation on both the fronts of food security and sustainability of agriculture. Food security refers to the stage \"when all people at all times have access to sufficient safe nutritious food to maintain a healthy and active life\". But, in the efforts of meeting food requirements of our burgeoning population the available natural resources are being over exploited which imposes threats to the sustainability of agriculture and consequently endangers our food security. Dr Dubey stated that nowadays this has become a global problem. The seminar has been planned with a view to find out the kind of re-orientation needed in research and development strategies and methodologies to achieve this goal, remembering the fact that the number of affected by hunger and malnutrition is very large.In this seminar the two issues viz. food security and sustainability of agriculture will be addressed in a wedded manner. It shall be a two days seminar in which the scholars of different disciplines will make their active participation and exchange their views. It would pave us a way for developing an effective strategy for betterment of our society and the country as a whole. Dr Dubey informed that the major objectives of this seminar are to examine the present state of food security in the country and analyze the challenges and prospects. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787092", "title": "\u2018Amend Act on organ donation\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Is it possible to make cornea retrieval in all medico-legal cases without legal hassles, the Bombay HC asked the Centre on Monday while hearing a PIL on the underutilization of corneas.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was hearing the PIL by Sampat Shetty which pointed out that underutilization of corneas has resulted in wastage, and that in the absence of monitoring agency , there was scope for tampering with the waiting lists.One of the respondents, Eye Bank Coordination and Research Centre, suggested that civic hospitals should request relatives of patients to donate corneas in event of their death. Its chairman, Jaswant Mehta, said in 2011, some 6,500 patients died in KEM Hospital but none had donated their cornea.\"Even if 10% had donated their cornea , it would have been a great initiative,'' he said. Mehta said the Human Organ Transplant Act (HOTA ) needs to be amended so that cornea can be retrieved without legal hassles in medico-legal cases. He said in Western countries, even a technician is allowed to remove cornea and even in India , there is a law to allow a technician to do so. \"We only want the implementation of the Act by the state government,\" said Mehta. The hearing is posted on March 2, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11785082", "title": "Now, Kadva Patels welcome tribal bahus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Necessity is the mother of not only invention, but also acceptance. Seven tribal women will marry Kadva Patels of north Gujarat in a specially organized mass marriage on Sunday, reflecting a drastic change in the social fabric of the region, forced by a skewed sex ratio.The event has been organized by Nano Baar Gaam Kadva Patidar Samaj, representing 12 villages between Gandhinagar and Mehsana, like Sardhav, Pethapur, Kalol and Randheja. The tribal girls are from Dahod, Bharuch, Vadodara and Panchmahal. Interestingly, the Mota Baar Gaam Kadva Patiodar Samaj had only last week solemnized nine marriages of Patel youths, three of whom had tribal brides! There was a time when a Patel boy or girl marrying outside the community was considered sacrilege.Cut to 2012, and the community elders are not only blessing alliances with tribal girls, but also batting for mixed marriages. The Patel community has barely 700 girls for every 1,000 boys. \"Boys have to get married, we can't be choosy. It is better to open our arms and hearts to other communities,\" justifies Shankar Patel, vice president of Moti Baar Gaam Samaj. \"While rich city boys get girls, many involved in farming, find it difficult to find a match. Earlier, there were marriage agents, but now tribal daughters-in-law help get more girls from their region,\" says Ranchod Patel, an elder of Sardhav village. Jigna Patel, a girl from Sardhav, who studied sociology, says the village has 20-odd tribal daughters-in-law, who have learnt the local dialect and even turned vegetarian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785240", "title": "ZP schoolkids sweep &amp; swab a day before polls", "text": "NASHIK: Even as political parties look for sweeping victories over opponents in the zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) elections, for which electors will cast their votes today, the students of the ZP-run Prathamik Vidyamandir at Gowardhane village were ordered to sweep the classrooms, verandah and the grounds outside their school.When questioned, the authorities claimed that this was due to the fact that there were no class IV employees at the schools. The students of the ZP primary school in Gowardhane, 25km from Nashik on Monday were seen sweeping and cleaning their classrooms.The classrooms and the school are earmarked as the polling centre for the election process to be conducted on Tuesday. Some of the students were seen sweeping the verandah of the school. The headmistress of the school, Suman Wagh, said it was routine work and not related to the election process as such.\"We have a general practice of cleanliness in the school. This is jointly done by teachers, students and the helpers who cook the food on a contract basis. Today there were mid-day meals for the children. Whatever fell on the floor was swept by the children. This is done regularly,\" she said. The school has around 35 trees on its premises and every student is given the responsibility of watering a plant daily. The children are responsible for the upkeep.\"We want the authorities to appoint class IV employees here so that cleanliness and other issues are taken care of. In fact, we asked the children and staff to leave other jobs for the office help who will come for the election process,\" Wagh said.The block education officer Mahendra Bhoye clearly stated that there were no directives as such to any teacher or staff to get rooms cleaned by students for election purposes. Deputy education officer Prakash Andhale also said that there were no orders to get the schools cleaned for the elections. \"Generally the headmasters, teachers and the students conduct a cleanliness drive in their respective schools. The zilla parishad primary schools neither have class IV employees nor clerks. Here, headmasters double up as teachers, clerks and even office help. There is no provision for such employees in the state,\" Andhale said, adding that very often, the students and the teachers together take up cleanliness work. Specialist jobs are carried out by the people on a contract basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11784917", "title": "Straight fight between Cong, NCP in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The election of three zilla parishads and 39 panchayat samities of Amravati division is scheduled for February 7. It will be a straight fight between Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in most of the places in Amravati district. As such all the candidates in the fray are anxiously waiting for polling day.In Amravati around 397 candidates are in fray for 59 ZP seats while 547 candidates are trying their luck from 10 PS. Victory has become a prestige issue for sitting ZP president of Amravati Bablu alias Aniruddha Deshmukh. Deshmukh has good hold over Kurha panchayat samiti in Achalpur but this time it would be difficult for him to secure Achalpur seat.Sources said that sitting MLA of Achalpur, Bacchu Kadu of Prahar and former minister Vasudha Deshmukh of Congress have struck a hidden alliance due to which it would be difficult for Deshmukh to secure his seat. All sitting MLAs have been toiling hard to get their seats from their respective constituencies.Though Shiv Sena , BJP and RPI (A) have joined hands for the ZP elections, it would be difficult for them to get seats in some panchayat samities since there is no coordination between their members. On the other hand, NCP, which has made an alliance with RPI (Gavai) and Khobragade faction, will reap the benefits.Meanwhile, Buldhana was always been a Congress bastion. Since the formation of zilla parishad in 1962 Congress candidates have been winning.This NCP, Congress and BRM-BRS have decided to fight against each other, hence all parties have pitted their strongest candidates for Buldhana ZP seat.Congress bigwigs like Dr Rajendra Shingne, MLA Sananda have been trying hard to get maximum seats for their followers. Sources said that, the Shiv Sena-BJP and RPI (A), who have formed an alliance in Buldhana are trying to create history this time by clinching power in the zilla parishad but it would not be easy for them.Yavatmal ZP too has always been a Congress bastion and since 1962 its candidates have been ruling the ZP. But with six time MP Uttamrao Patil quitting Congress and joining NCP, the seat has become a prestige point for MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and Patil. Patil may help the NCP to secure some votes from his belt, especially from Digras, Arni and Malkhed.For around 62 ZP seats and 124 PS seats, in all 937 candidates are trying their luck in Yavatmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11787548", "title": "PM post not an obsession: Rahul", "text": "VARANASI: After studiously avoiding media for a long time, Rahul Gandhi held his maiden press conference in Varanasi on Monday and emphatically stated that he was not obsessed with becoming the Prime Minister but his \"only mission is to change the picture of UP and to bring it on the tracks of development\".\"Rahul Gandhi yahan se nahin hatega. Jab tak UP khada nahi hoga, Rahul Gandhi gaon mein, jhopadi mei khada milega. (Rahul Gandhi will not leave the state until UP stands on its own feet. Till then, you will find Rahul Gandhi standing in villages and in huts),\" he said.Addressing reporters, a determined Rahul said: \"My only mission is to change the picture of Uttar Pradesh and to bring it on the tracks of development. Till then, you will find Rahul Gandhi standing in villages and in huts).\" \"I don't care about the result of the UP assembly elections, but I have fixed my target to change the fate of the people of this state that has great potential for development,\" he said adding, \"I'm hundred percent convinced that the state could be transformed and the Congress would do well in the assembly elections.\"Rahul said unlike other political leaders, the PM's post was not his obsession. \"My only obsession is to remain connected with people to understand their pain so that the situation can be changed,\" he said. He said he had tried to hear people's voice and work for them. \"I am just a transmitter, I transmit their voice to the Parliament,\" he said and added most of the political leaders get confused that they had power. \"But, the fact is that the people are most powerful, not the leaders,\" he said.\"Chunav mein result Congress ke liye solid ayega (Cong will get a solid result in polls).\" The people of UP are looking up at the Congress as they believe that the governments of other parties have been befooling them for the past 22 years,\" he said. At the same time, he also made it clear that the Congress would not go for any post poll-alliance with any party if it failed to get the desired number of seats. \"I aim at arousing the power and potential of UP. Once the Congress stands in this election, other things will be defined in later course,\" he added.During his 39-minute press conference, Rahul Gandhi did not forget to corner Chief Minister Mayawati and SP supremo Mulayam Singh. \"I respect Mayawatiji, Mulayam Singhji and all other leaders. But, Mayawati has not gone to people to understand them. Mulayam Singh is making tall promises that cannot be fulfilled,\" he said.\"Change and improvement come from ideas and ideas come from people. For development, it is essential to hear people's voice and to know their problems. Ideas like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Act and Right to Information Act have come from people,\" Rahul claimed.He said UP's problem was that the ruling leadership did not understand the state. \"It is not the state's fault for the prevailing situation, but the fault of the leaders who stay away from people,\" he said. Replying to a query regarding the creation of Poorvanchal state, he said division of the state was a complicated issue that would determine the fate of crores of people. \"Mayawatiji ne do minutes mein kah diya ki UP ka division ho (Mayawati took only two minutes to say that UP should be divided),\" he said and added since it was a serious issue, the opinion of experts was essential to reach any decision.On the issue of corruption, he targeted BJP stalwart LK Advani and other leaders. \"Congress wants a constitutional Lokpal on the patterns of the Election Commission. Let us make a constitutional Lokpal and see the result,\" he said. \"But, Advani and other leaders laughed at me and my idea in the Parliament. This idea is a fundamental idea and it is also India's idea.\"He further stated that Advani went on nationwide yatra, travelling from Karnataka, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand and Madhya Pradesh, but he did not see corruption in these states. \"He (Advani) also does not try to understand people and their pain during his yatra,\" he added. \"Tell me what the Opposition has done on the fundamental issue of corruption. They just make noise and not act,\" he dared the opposition parties and added, \"we put the minister in jail, we are taking action.\"Training his guns at yoga guru Baba Ramdev, he said: \"Ramdev used to send his group of men with black flags to my meetings. He thinks that Rahul Gandhi will leave the field. Lekin kuchh bhi karo mein nahi darata, mein nahin bhagunga (But, do what you can, I will not be frightened into running away). My task will not finish till UP regains its self respect and pride.\" Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790239", "title": "Change in admission norms", "text": "While there have been recent developments in undergraduate admissions at Delhi University (DU) for a Bachelor of medicine, Bachelor of surgery (MBBS) and Bachelor of dental surgery (BDS), a proposal for a change in admission criteria to the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and other engineering colleges will require class XII students to focus more on the board exams.Now on, admission to Delhi Universitys (DU) medical and dental colleges will be on the basis of ones rank in the All India Pre-Medical Test (AIPMT). Thus, only students appearing for AIPMT 2012 will be eligible to apply to DU colleges Lady Hardinge Medical College, Maulana Azad Medical College and University College of Medical Sciences for medicine, and the Maulana Azad Institute of Dental Sciences for dentistry.According to Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor, DU, the decision to cancel the undergraduate entrance examination for MBBS and BDS at DU will save students from appearing in multiple examinations. We have also written a letter to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, in this regard, he says.The AIPMT which will be conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will have a preliminary round on April 1 followed by the final round on May 13.Vineet Joshi says, We have no objection if DU wishes to admit students into its MBBS and BDS colleges based on their AIPMT scores, but the university will have to take permission from the Supreme Court for the same.The second development is regarding the IITs and other engineering institutes in the country proposing that 40% weighting be given to class XII board exams for engineering college admissions. It has been recommended by the T Ramasami committee, which is working for an all new Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) where the entry of students into IITs or any other engineering institute will be based on one single test along with a specified 40% weighting on what one scores in class XII.According to an IIT-Delhi official, these recommendations were originally made so that students do not neglect classroom learning and stop depending on coaching classes. This recommendation is also for those families who cannot afford to send their children to coaching classes. As of now, no formal decision has been taken, but will be implemented after the approval of the MHRD.Joshi adds, Giving specific weighting to class XII scores for admission into engineering colleges will make students attend their classes regularly and fare well in the board exams.However, a class XII student says, Changing the JEE pattern at the last moment is unfair for all those students who have been preparing for it since the last two years. If a new system is adopted now, students preparing for IITs will suffer. This decision should have been taken much earlier.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11787502", "title": "Akashavani Habba to kick off on Sunday", "text": "MANGALORE: All India Radio-Mangalore is all set to treat its listeners to week-long activities with Akashavani Habba from February 12.The 36-year-old radio station has chosen a mix of culture, agriculture, children, women and youth as its focus for the event, which will be held in seven different places across its 'listening zone' namely Kundapura, Udupi, Mangalore, Ujire, Puttur, Sullia, and Kumble in Kasargod.Vasanth Kumar Perla, head of programming, AIR, said the habba is aimed at creating awareness among the younger lot through programmes that focuses on local culture, habits, customs and traditions.\"Over the post 85 years, AIR has been carrying out this task at the national level,\" Vasanth said, adding that cultural values are gradually getting sidelined in today's rat race in society.The habba will host 4-hour events that will showcase talents daily. \"AIR Mangalore station will broadcast a report on the previous day's proceedings for listeners at 5.30 pm. The habba will provide a platform for myriad talents from across DK, Udupi and Kasargod districts,\" Vasanth said. MV Kamath, senior journalist and former chairman, Prasar Bharati, will inaugurate the fest at Kundapur on February 12. This will be followed by a seminar on the contribution of AIR in socio-cultural development and also encompass Youth Poets' Symposium and Yakshagana. Based on the content, the programmes have been aptly named Bala Taranga, Bhava Taranga, Raga Taranga, Yuva Taranga, Nada Taranga, Yaksha Taranga and Kavya Taranga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785699", "title": "Woman strangled to death, probe on", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman was brutally killed by assailants in Baranagar on Monday evening. Manju Dey, 52, was a resident of Ananta Ram Mondal lane. The body was discovered by her brother Pranab Dey.Pranab was at his glass shop in Bidhan Market when the incident occurred. On returning home in the evening, he found the door locked from outside. When repeated knocks did not yield any response, After repeated knocks, without any response he went back to his shop to fetch the duplicate keys. Pranab returned to find that his sister was lying dead on the bed. The unmarried siblings had been staying together in a ground-floor apartment Chandrima apartments in Baranagar for the last 15 years.The two almirahs in the room had been broken open. Dey immediately Baranagar police station who rushed to the spot.A senior police official said, \"After a preliminary investigation, we suspect that the woman was strangulated to death. The motive is yet to be ascertained. We are probing if any valuable has gone missing.\"Pranab reportedly told police that the pet dog at home was sitting under the bed when he discovered the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786335", "title": "BP Acharya still calls the shots in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: B P Acharya is at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda but not quite there. Fighting incessantly to keep away from the prison barrack that will see him rub shoulders with petty criminals like pickpockets, shoplifters and also heinous criminals like murderers, the IAS officer continue to be in the hospital block of the prison for the third consecutive day. \"Who can touch him if he insists that his heart is paining. Can we take a chance with a guy who has the entire bureaucracy lining up behind him and raising the banner of revolt against the government just because he was arrested for wrong doing?\" a jail official asked rather quizzically.Acharya was admitted to the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) on January 31, a day after the CBI arrested him in the Emaar scam and wanted to question him. Deflecting all answers by saying that \"I am not feeling well,\" the CBI finally panicked and brought him to Nims. This after an earlier effort to treat him at a CGHS dispensary failed to \"allievate\" his pains and aches. But the hospital discharged him after a day realizing that he was not a patient ill enough to remain there. Caught up with filing the chargesheet in the Emaar scam on February 1, the CBI did not press for his custody and Acharya landed in judicial custody. But even as he was being formally admitted to the jail, Acharya raised a ruse that his heart was paining. The jail authorities rushed him to Osmania General Hospital. But OGH too did not find reason to keep him there for more than two days.Back in Chanchalguda prison, Acharya who till lately as principal secretary (home) was supervising the prisons department, resisted being put in the jail barracks (using the same formula of insisting that his heart was aching) and landed in the jail hospital.Noteworthy is the fact that an inmate in the hospital block is entitled to a special diet, can sleep on a cot, unlike other undertrials who sleep on the floor.Thus they have a better environment in which they live.Prison officials said that the doctor on duty will decide when to send him to the barracks. That does not seem likely anytime shortly.Sources said while Acharya's blood pressure was normal, on Monday, his sugar levels reportedly were slightly on the higher side. With blood sugar levels being manageable, Acharya is being given an appropriate diet.Meawhile, Acharya's bail application is being heard in the courts and sources aver that if he fails to get bail he will try to get a special class status.Analysts pointed out that lady IAS officer Srilakshmi who cried copiously on being arrested, soon reconciled to her fate and did not create any shindig in jail.\"But Acharya is behaving in the most unexpected fashion,\" noted a jail official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11787760", "title": "Man shot at over dispute", "text": "VARANASI: Shailesh Pathak (32), a resident of Rajapur village under Cholapur police station, was shot at by two motorcycle-borne miscreants near the primary school of his village on Monday.According to reports, Shailesh was going somewhere when the motorcycle-borne miscreants intercepted him near the school and shot at him. On sustaining bullet injuries on his head, Shailesh fell on the road while the miscreants fled from the scene. Shailesh was rushed to a private hospital where his condition was stated to be critical.On receiving information of the incident, police went to the incident site.It was informed that Shailesh was an accused in a murder case along with his father and brother. Two years back, Shailesh and his father got bail from the Allahabad High Court and came out of the jail while his brother was still lodged in jail. Police suspected that Shailesh was attacked in the same dispute. No arrest was reported in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786532", "title": "Khadim trail helps cops nab IM top gun", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Mujahideen drew first blood way back in 2001 even before it burst onto the terror scene with multiple bombings in 2006.The abduction of Khadim boss Partha Roy Burman and the American Centre attacks a year later were test cases for the still nascent outfit, desperate to fund terror with ransom money. And a decade later, it was a tip-off from the Kolkata police which helped sleuths to nab one of the IM founders, Tariq Anjum Hasan.During interrogation, Tariq confessed to his role in the twin Kolkata strikes, which he planned with an aide Amir Rezza Khan. Delhi Police claimed Indian Mujahideen, which was then a ragtag outfit, was busy pumping abduction money to fund terror.Tariq's arrest, a result of careful analysis of intelligence inputs, was made possible after Aftab Ansari - the man who executed Rezza's plans in Kolkata - told interrogators that an IM operative Mohammed Sadique Israr Sheikh, now lodged in Ahmedabad jail, had passed on a message to his colleagues about a big strike in Mumbai just before the 13/7 bombings.\"When we tried to link the tip-off by Ansari, we found that there was one person who was in touch with several IM men locked up in jails across the country. We questioned Sheikh, but we failed to make headway. But his contacts came under our scanner. Finally, a tip-off to the SIT of Delhi Police from another arrested IM man from the Bihar module, Khomani, helped nab Tariq,\" said a police officer.DIG, CID (operations) K Jayraman has confirmed that Pakistani terrorists Ishah Ahmed and Tariq Ali have been taken to Kolkata on a request by CID. They will be in judicial custody till February 16. Two other terrorists, Muzammal Sk and Arshad Khan , are already in a Kolkata jail. Ishah and Tariq are said to be associated with ganglord Aftab Ansari, who, along with five others was sentenced to life on May 21, 2009, in the Khadim abduction case.The police, meanwhile, said they have begun examining various bank accounts of Tariq. \"He was using hawala channels and pilgrimage fundings to channelize them into terror networks. We will need some more days to bust his monetary links. We will also need to establish the hawala route through which the money is entering the capital from Karachi and other Gulf nations,'' said a police officer.During interrogation, Tariq confessed to his role in the twin Kolkata strikes, which he planned with an aide Amir Rezza Khan. Delhi Police claimed Indian Mujahideen, which was then a ragtag outfit, was busy pumping abduction money to fund terror.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784555", "title": "\u2018Real\u2019 culprit in cop net for making girl steal jewellery", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vinoba Bhave Nagar police have arrested a Bhayander man who had befriended a Class X student and made her steal gold ornaments worth Rs 5.75 lakh from home. Rakesh Wankhede (25), the accused, had got in touch with the girl through a social networking site in July. He said he wanted money to take care of his ailing father.\"The girl, who comes from an upper middle class family, said Wankhede met her three times in Kurla and convinced her to get the booty from the house so that he can clear the medical bills. He promised to return the valuables but then stopped answering her calls,\" an officer said. Police initially arrested Vineet Karwadkar, son of a Belapur-based transporter, after the girl identified him from photographs gathered by the police. But the cops suspected something was wrong as Karwadkar was unable to give details.The cops went through the call records of Wankhede and traced him. \"He plotted the offence to lead a lavish lifestyle,\" said the officer. The police, meanwhile, have also closed the case against Karwadkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11787220", "title": "Why some dinosaurs grew huge?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ever wondered why some dinosaurs are so big, up to 100ft high in some cases? Well, a new research has suggested that efficient lungs and respiration, along with egg laying, might have given them a growth edge compared to other animals. The study, published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B, also negated the popular theory that animals tended to become bigger over the course of their evolution.While some dinosaurs grew ever larger over subsequent generations, not all dinosaur species became bigger as they evolved, researchers found. \"We look at the early history of archosaurs, including some early dinosaurs,\" said study co-author Roger Benson, a vertebrate paleontologist at the University of Cambridge . \"We can see that some lineages obtained gigantic body sizes, but others remained small and a few showed evolutionary size reductions,\" he was quoted as saying by Discovery News.Benson explained that \"pterosaurs, the flying reptiles, are a good example of a lineage that remained small during our study interval. There were also many small herbivores, like the dinosaur Heterodontosaurus, and small predators like the dinosaur Coelophysis.\" For their study, Benson and colleagues analysed more than 400 species spanning the Late Permian to Middle Jurassic periods. The animals' pattern of growth during 100 million years supports a theory called \"passive diffusion\". This means that various evolutionary lineages did different things, from growing larger to growing smaller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786361", "title": "GHMC told to check mosquito menace", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"Hyderabad appears to be a dirty city. Filth is floating everywhere,\" commented Chief Justice Madan B Lokur while hearing a writ petition on the mosquito menace in the city. The bench of the Chief Justice and justice PV Sanjay Kumar was hearing a writ petition filed by advocate Wasim Ahmed Khan complaining against GHMC's failure in dealing with the mosquito, and by extension, the malaria problem.The bench adjourned by six weeks the petition granting time to GHMC to come up with a detailed plan of action but not before observing that the only way to get GHMC officials to work is perhaps under the threat of prosecution. GHMC has been at the receiving end of the bench before. The bench had voiced concern at the civic body's indifference in removing an open garbage dump near Imlibun bus depot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786668", "title": "Colony scam: Key finding junked, breather for dept", "text": "NEW DELHI: Far from indentifying the violators in the unauthorized colonies scam, the Delhi government has rejected a key finding of divisional commissioner Vijay Dev's inquiry report, which implicates the unauthorized colonies cell of the urban development department.The report on granting provisional regularization certificates (PRCs) to colonies before the Assembly polls of 2008 has blamed the cell for using the provisions of the amended guidelines to \"abdicate its duties and responsibilities\" in scrutinizing the eligibility criteria. The cell also ignored the stipulation of seeking a sanctioned layout plan, said Dev, also the revenue secretary.However, the urban development department's defence that the divisional commissioner had erred in interpreting the regularization guidelines reportedly held steam at Monday's high-powered meeting chaired by chief minister Sheila Dikshit . It was also attended by urban development and revenue minister A K Walia, chief secretary P K Tripathi, urban development secretary Chandra Mohan, the principal secretary to Dikshit, M M Kutty, and Dev. The differences between the bureaucratic heads of the revenue and urban development departments came to the fore during the meeting, sources said.The inquiry was ordered by none other than Dikshit later last year after cases of fake colonies being issued PRCs came to light. It was on the divisional commissioner's recommendation in the same report that the certificates of three colonies - Radha Krishna Vihar, Kotla Mahigram Extension and Abul Fazal Enclave-Extension GH Block - were cancelled. The probe was expanded to other colonies and the PRCs of 43 of the 123 colonies issued showcause notices have been cancelled.After Monday's meeting, the chief minister admitted to TOI that there was \"confusion and scepticism\" about the guidelines among people. \"I have directed the urban development department to study the guidelines and clear the confusion so that people know what was followed to give out the certificates,\" she said.Dev's confidential report coming into the public domain through the orders of the Delhi Lokayukta last week has put the Congress government in a spot. It is planning to bring out a public notice on the guidelines and the merits of the case after the urban development department submits its affidavit before the Lokayukta.The government is now planning to bring out the guidelines and the merits of the case in a public notice after the urban development department submits its affidavit before the Delhi Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "11785702", "title": "Maoist shadow over Balangir rural polls", "text": "BALANGIR: Maoist-hit Balangir district has turned into a no-man's land as far as the campaign for the forthcoming panchayat elections is concerned. No politician is able to muster the courage to canvass the region, reported to be swarming with Maoists, who are unidentifiable from the villagers.Sources said except the poll candidates, no star campaigner of any political party is venturing into the area. In the Patnagarh subdivision, most part of which is under Maoist threat, party workers are facing a tough time with their political bosses insisting them to stay in touch with people since they are not able to visit the area themselves.A Congress worker said he was asked to canvass in Turekela block, but every time he went to the villages, he was warned by villagers. \"I was shocked to listen to the villagers. They straightaway asked me not to campaign in the village. With no option left, I returned back to Balangir,\" he said on condition of anonymity. He said that is no police force in the village to provide protection during polls. Two star campaigners of the ruling BJD -- chief minister Naveen Patnaik and Rajya Sabha member Pyari Mohan Mahapatra -- too have been avoiding Maoist-infested regions, conducting public meetings from safe zones in the district instead.Sources said parts of Bangomunda, Khaprakhol and Turekela blocks have been completely inaccessible for politicians. Police said zone-10 area, which comes under Turekela block, has been a shielded area, with neither big politicians and workers nor police forces venturing there. Lathor, Bagdor, Tankapani and Sanbanjipali villages in the district are being especially feared by contesting candidates as well as police.Sources said since the panchayat elections in 2007, the state has witnessed significant Maoist mobilization with open calls to boycott polls. The ultras have reportedly distributed a large number leaflets, put up posters and banners and threatened locals with dire consequences in case they participate in the election process.Four months ago, Patnagarh MLA and leader of BJP K V Singhdeo raised the question of the possibility of Maoists exercising control over the panchayat polls. Singhdeo, who had recently received two threat calls from Maoists, had indicated that because of the perception of threat, party workers will be scared to venture into villages. Last year, a BJD leader Raj Kishor Panda, who was the nominee of Balangir MP Kalikesh Singhdeo, was killed by Maoists in Telenpali village. The area comes under Patnagarh assembly constituency. \"People complain about Maoists when I go to the villages for campaigning but I don't think Maoist presence is disturbing the poll campaigning,\" the Balangir MP said, however. He said Maoist violence initially had an impact on the morale of the workers but that has now subsided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11785646", "title": "Wife follows husband to grave", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unable to face life after her 42-year-old husband, a goldsmith by profession, died of a heart attack on Monday morning, his wife, 38, a beautician, took her life by consuming poison at their house near Gandhipark.T Senthilkumar, working at MNG Street near Gandhipark, was running his own unit in the locality. He had fallen in love with his neighbour Krishnaveni and had married her 12 years ago. Senthilkumar earned well and the couple lived happily. However, Krishnaveni was unhappy that they had no children.On Monday, around 7.30 am, Senthilkumar had chest pain and was rushed to a private hospital in RS Puram. He was declared 'brought dead'. Senthilkumar's friends informed Krishnaveni, who was waiting at home for her husband's return from hospital.Unable to digest the news of her husband's death, Krishnaveni consumed poison. When her husband's friends came home with the body, they found that Krishnaveni had consumed poison. She was rushed to a private hospital in RS Puram where the doctors said the poison had affected all vital organs and that she should be admitted in Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).She was declared brought dead at CMCH. After an autopsy, her body was taken home and kept alongside her husband's body. Police said the couple would be buried at Chokkampudur grave yard on Tuesday.\"The couple lived a good life, their only grievance being they did not have children,\" said K Murugan, a sales executive and friend of Senthilkumar. \"After hearing about her husband's death, Krishnaveni committed suicide. We suspect that she might have taken cyanide stored in the house for making jewels,\" said inspector M Kanagasabapathy, Variety Hall Road police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11786142", "title": "Teachers of aided primary schools claim injustice by govt, protest pay anomaly", "text": "PANAJI: Undergraduate primary school teachers from government-aided schools have noticed an anomaly in their pay, despite the scales recommended by the central government pay commission being implemented for Goan teachers.\"The V pay commission scales were approved nationally with effect from January 1, 1996, but actual monetary benefit was paid from January 1, 2001. Following a long struggle and petitions by various teachers' organizations, finally the director of education implemented the revised part B scales of the V pay commission from January 1, 2007, first for government primary teachers with an order dated August 16, 2007, and after a period of three years for aided school teachers with an order dated July 6, 2010,\" a teacher fighting against the anomaly said.He said that the though the scales were appropriately revised from March 1, 2010, no teacher has received benefits of the revised scales because the government has now already implemented the VI pay commission scales from January 1, 2006.\"It sounds completely ridiculous that the VI pay scales were introduced first and then the V pay scales were introduced at a later date from March 1, 2007. The claim of the government that the scales have been revised remained on paper with no implementation till date. Thousands of teachers have lost benefits under the V pay commission scale for years and we have not been restored the lost benefits yet,\" an agitated teacher said.He sought to know why the step-motherly treatment was being meted out to primary teachers of aided schools only when the high school and higher secondary school teachers have enjoyed the benefits of the pay scale from January 1, 1996.The teachers said that they have made several petitions to the directorate of education in this regard, but the state is yet to rectify an order which is obstructing implementation of the rightful pay benefits to the teachers.\"The undergraduate teachers have suffered a gross injustice by the government. There is a need to modify the order by the director of education which introduced the revised part B scales of the V pay commission for the teachers to get their rightful benefits,\" the protesting teacher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784721", "title": "Investors drive idea of fleet autos for city", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of entrepreneurs, investors and activists are proposing the introduction of fleet auto services in a big way in the city. They will jointly interact with senior officials from the state transport department and auto union leaders at a seminar this Friday.\"The objective is to arrive at a conclusion on whether running a fleet auto service is feasible in Mumbai,\" said civic activist Rishi Agarwal, one of the organizers.Fleet taxis such as Meru, Easy Cabs and Tab Cabs already ply in the city.The fare may, however, be slightly higher than the normal rate (similar to the difference between that charged by a regular taxi and a fleet cab).Fleet auto services can improve the quality of travel-the drivers won't be rude, passengers won't have to put up with refusals and there won't be any tampered meters.Said Agarwal, \"We will have a detailed discussion and debate at the entrepreneurship summit on Friday. The entrepreneurs likely to address the seminar are Nirmal Kumar (G-Auto), Ramesh Prabhu (Three Wheels United), Hemant Jain (Rickshawale, a dial-an-auto service from Vikhroli), Padmasree Harish (EasyAuto), Gaurav Bisht (Radio Tuk-Tuk) and Gopi (Ay Auto).\"An official from the Regional Transport Office (RTO) said it was a good initiative and such autos could be given a separate identity and a colour code. \"If the idea sounds feasible after Friday's discussion, the RTO may make a proposal in this connection to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority,\" he said.Fleet auto services can improve the quality of travel-the drivers won't be rude and passengers won't have to put up with refusals as well as tampered meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784522", "title": "Five govt staff held for bogus medical pension diaries", "text": "JAIPUR: The state's Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Monday arrested five officers and employees of Rajasthan Rajya Sahkari Upbhokta Sangh for issuing medicines after preparing bogus medical pension diaries.According to DC Jain, ACB IG, those who were arrested include former deputy manager Rajendra Kumar Yadav, additional accountant Shravan Kumar Sharma, junior assistant Ratanlal Mishra, senior assistants Suryaprakash Sharma and Piyush Sharma.\"The state government provides free medical facilities and drugs to its employees after retirement. To avail these facilities, the medical pension diaries are issued to the retired employees,\" said Jain.He added that the bureau had received complaints that with the aid of some people, some employees of the pension department and Sahkari Sangh were preparing bogus medical diaries. \"Bogus entries of purchase of medicines are filed in these diaries and then the payment is taken from the state government's treasury department. Some of these bogus diaries did not even have the photo of the diary holder. Nor were there signatures of any doctor prescribing the medicines listed in the diaries,\" said Jain.He added after investigation, the involvement of these five officers and employees was found in the racket. \"They have been arrested and booked under sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11787085", "title": "Rs 934cr road project to bring Barwala nearer", "text": "PANCHKULA: Soon, your drive on Panchkula-Yamunanagar narrow stretch will not be irksome, as National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) is considering four-laning it. Pegged at Rs 934 crore, the project has for long been on commuters' wish list. After receiving tenders, NHAI is all set to begin work.\"Under the project, five flyovers, two toll plazas, 34 minor bridges (up to 6 m in length) and 14 major bridges (over 6m in length) will be constructed. Besides, 58 bus bays and two truck lay bays will come up for better traffic management,\" said NHAI director Anil Dahiya. \"We will take up an area of 104.77km for it,\" he added.Four vehicular underpasses, one pedestrian underpass, four cattle underpasses and 173 culverts will be constructed. The project will take 910 days to be completed. Residents have welcomed the news. \"Driving on Panchkula-Barwala route has never been a pleasant experience... many people drive rashly there,\" said Ritika Sharma, a resident of Sector 6, Panchkula. \"This route often has many traffic jams. Four-laning will ease traffic flow,\" said Vikram Chaudhary of Sector 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785347", "title": "Ganga ghats lie unclean", "text": "KANPUR: No cleanliness measures have been initiated by Kanpur municipal corporation (KMC) to clean the banks of the Ganga before Maghi Poornima.Devotees will take a holy dip into the Ganga on the pious occasion. The preparations made by Kanpur municipal corporation are negligible.A large number of devotees from the city and adjoining areas assemble to take holy dip at various ghats during festivals throughout the year.\"There are piles of garbage lying on the banks of Ganga at all the ghats like Parmath Ghat and Sarsaiyya Ghat. Residents of the area have complained about the pathetic response of the KMC but no steps have been undertaken for cleaning the places,\" said Govardhan Lal, a local at Parmath Ghat.Vandana Dixit, a senior citizen said that a lot of devotees come to the ghats for 'snan' but the officials of KMC are least bothered to ensure cleanliness. Even animals could be seen roaming in the area.The locals complained that no regular cleanliness and polythene checking drives are launched by KMC on the ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11787484", "title": "JVM leader shot dead, 1 arrested", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two unidentified assailants on Monday killed Jharkhand Vikash Morcha leader Amil Hussein (40) at Baliguma in adjoining Seraikela district.Hussein, the president of the district minority cell of the JVM, was taking tea in the morning at a roadside stall near his house close to Tata Steel Rural Development Centre when two motorcycle-borne assailants fired on him from close range and fled.Although Hussein was rushed to the Tata Main Hospital immediately, he was declared brought dead. Subsequent to the incident, police carried out raids at certain places and arrested one person.\"One person has been arrested and we have recovered seven cartridges from him,\" said SP Upendar Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11786213", "title": "Team Anna singer to fine tune the mood of young voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: His song \"Lokpal, Lokpal pass karo Jan Lokpal\" sent the mood rolling during the Anna Hazare movement at the Ramlila grounds in New Delhi last year and drew scores of people to join the chorus of the anti-coruption movement. But this time, Delhi-based singer Nitin Dawar, who became a singing icon overnight, would be performing in the city for a different cause -- to exhort and persuade voters, particularly youth, to exercise their franchise and become a part of the nation building process.The concert titled 'Sumeru Sandhya', being organised in the city on Februray 12, under the aegis of Art of Living foundation would focus on bringing the youth into the fold of mainstream of Indian democracy, by making them realise the importance of voting.However, the appeal this time would only be restricted to galvanising the young voters and others to come out of their houses and cast their vote. No appeal would be issued in favour of any particular candidate or political party, said the convenor and senior functionary of Art of Living in the city, Pankaj Mishra .He said that the above decision has been taken as per the directives issued by the Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. In the first phase we would focus on covering those places which go to polls on February 15, Mishra said.At Allahabad, the concert would be staged at Government Primary School, Motilal Nehru Road in the backdrop of the fact that it is situated in the vicinity of Allahabad University.The organisers exuded confidence that the turnout would be quite impressive given the fact that all major hostels are at a walking distance from the venue.Accompanied by his band of musicians who rocked the stage at Ramlila ground, Dawar has penned and composed songs to woo the youths, said another Art of Living member Swami Anupam.He added that the unlike earlier occasions where the foundation charges an entry fee from visitors taking part in Satsang, entry to the event would be free and unrestricted. Besides, the organisers would make the visitors sign an oath to cast their vote.On the other hand, a similar concert would also be organised at Varanasi this month where another senior member of the Satsang team, Swami Nitya Pragyaji would set the tune for young voters of Kashi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784408", "title": "Juhu lounge bar\u2019s licence must be suspended: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Shah Rukh Khan and Shirish Kunder have apparently sorted out their differences after the alleged slap spat, but the police have recommended the suspension of the licence of the lounge bar where the incident took place.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-9) Pratap Dighavkar conducted an inquiry to check if the lounge, Aurus Restaurant &amp; Lounge Bar on Juhu-Tara Road, violated the deadline rule to entertain the A-list celebrities. During the probe, he found that the lounge bar flouted the time rule once in 2007 and twice in 2011, and based on that, he recommended the suspension of the licence. Commissioner of police Arup Patnaik will decide on Dighavkar's recommendation.A source said last month, the police allowed the party at the bar to continue till daybreak, much beyond the 1.30am deadline, because it was organized by an influential builder. Dighavkar recorded the statements of the bar staff, the lounge manager and the policemen on night duty at the Santa Cruz police station on the day of the incident. But, according to a source, all of them told Dighavkar that the party got over before 1.30am. \"The lounge has violated the time rule in the past as well. So, we have asked for the suspension of its licence. We are yet to conclude our inquiry about the recent violation and we have not fixed the responsibilities on anyone,\" Dighavkar said.The lounge management maintained that they were unaware of the recent development and so could not comment. They insisted that the alleged incident did not take place on their premises and they had closed it before the deadline on that day.The said party, which allegedly continued till 3.30am, led to another controversy with MNS MLA Ram Kadam saying it exposed the police's application of different yardsticks for closure time for different people. Police chief Arup Patnaik ordered Dighavkar to inquire into the matter and take action against the people concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789283", "title": "Priyanka may takeover Deepika's role in Race 2", "text": "Race 2 producer sends SOS to Priyanka to step into Deepika's shoes. Will she respond?Interestingly, this is not the first time Taurani has summoned Priyanka for Deepika's role in the film. In October 2011, when Deepika had informed the producers that her dates for Ayaan Mukerji's film would clash with Race 2, Priyanka was summoned. However, by the time Priyanka reverted, Dippy had sorted out her dates.However, with Deepika leaving the project after shooting for a few days, the task of finding an actress for the role had become tougher. \"It would be rather nice if Priyanka accepts the offer. She had been considered for the role earlier as well. She is aware of the script. So there won't be any time lost over narration. Things can easily fall into place,\" said a source close to the project.According to the source, Priyanka, who is currently busy shooting for Rakesh Roshan's Krrish 3 in Hyderabad, will meet Taurani as soon as she returns. Priyanka and Taurani remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785765", "title": "Forest official loses promotion plea in SC", "text": "KOLKATA: The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed the special leave petition of Atanu Raha, challenging Calcutta high court's order quashing his promotion to the post of principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) and subsequently as head of the forest force with an apex scale salary.The dismissal of the SLP will result in Raha's demotion to the post of additional PCCF forthwith, said Surojit Samanta, prosecution lawyer. Raha was promoted in April 2007 when there was no vacancy for the post of PCCF. Hence, the promotion violated rules, high court had held. This was upheld by the apex court.PCCF (research, monitoring and development) Mirza Asghar Sultan moved the Calcutta Bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal in December 2008, challenging Raha's promotion and got a favourable order in November 2009. The state government challenged the CAT order in the high court in January 2010.Earlier, the High Court division bench observed that Raha's second promotion to the position of PCCF on an apex scale of Rs 80,000 also stands cancelled and quashed as a consequential effect.Sources said that Raha's speedy promotion was viewed as an outcome of his proximity to former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. Forest minister Hiten Burman said he can only comment after getting a copy of the order.\"I had almost given up. For over four years, I have been working under my junior. I am relieved now after hearing the court verdict,\" said an elated Sultan. According to him, the post of PCCF (research, monitoring and development) that he currently holds is an illegal post.\"The state created the post in December 2005 on a temporary basis. But according to the rules, a temporary post becomes defunct after one year and the state needs to get the Union government's approval to create the post again. But this was never done,\" he added.Meanwhile, the state government has initiated an inquiry against Raha following allegations against him. Burman said at Writers' Buildings: \"We have received allegations against PCCF Atanu Raha on misuse of funds and his position and together, the cases would amount to nearly Rs 100 crore.\"\"Since the allegations are serious, the state forest department has decided to conduct a special audit to find out whether these are correct,\" Barman added. It would now be easier for the government to complete the probe against him. The state government was in a fix on how to go about conducting the inquiry since files involving the cases were all handled by Raha. Raha could not be removed from the post as he had to be retained in his present position on the Supreme Court's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785338", "title": "Traffic dept to ensure buses halt at proper spot", "text": "PUNE: Responding to a complaint by a citizen's group that PMPML buses usually do not halt at their designated spots in front of the bus stands, and stop either ahead of the stand or before they reach the stand, on the road, resulting into severe traffic chaos, city commissioner of police Meeran Chadha Borwankar has urged the traffic branch to ensure that yellow-stripped boxes are painted at all bus stops.The PMP Pravasi Manch on Monday appraised Borwankar that Pune Municipal Corporation officials, at a traffic advisory committee meeting held in June last year, had promised to complete the work of painting yellow boxes near bus stops. However, even after seven months, no action has been taken, the manch said. In response to the complaint, Borwankar not only urged the traffic branch to get the work done, but also urged it to complete it in a time-bound manner.Jugal Rathi of the PMP Pravasi Manch said city roads do not have adequate infrastructure, such as pedestrian crossings, lane markings and so on. It is the responsibility of the municipal corporation to get these works done on priority. One of the problems cited by citizens at the traffic advisory committee meeting was that buses halt on the roads, away from bus stops, and this creates obstacles in smooth movement of traffic. Rathi said a basic, economic, speedy and simple solution to the problem is to mark yellow boxes for buses to halt. \"The suggestion was accepted by the PMC officials at the meeting,\" Rathi said in his complaint to Borwankar.When contacted, PMC's additional city engineer Pramod Nirbhavane said the municipal corporation would start the work as per suggestions given by the traffic branch. The work can be started initially in congested areas and other main roads, he added. Nirbhavane said he had recently taken over the charges of the roads department and that the corporation would carry out works as suggested by the traffic branch.Sanjay Deshpande, a citizen said, the PMPML authorities too have been giving assurances that buses will stop at bus stops. However, buses halt away from the stops, causing inconvenience.The PMPML authorities said there are encroachments near bus stops. Unauthorised parking of cars and autorickshaws near the stops is also rampant. This makes it difficult for drivers to stop buses near the stops, says PMPML sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "csm nagar", "code": "11787207", "title": "UP stops Robert Vadra in his tracks", "text": "CSM NAGAR: The UP administration on Monday stopped on charges of model code violation a motorcycle rally that Priyanka Gandhi's husband Robert Vadra was leading. Vadra was heading towards Salon and was stopped for leading a rally of more than the permitted 10 bikes, DM J P Gupta said.Vadra later left for Rae Bareli. The matter has been brought to the poll observer's notice and further action will be taken on his advice, the DM said. Elsewhere, SP workers stopped Priyanka Gandhi's cavalcade for a while between Trishundi and Dhmema Bazar here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786394", "title": "Buyers, take the sample flat with a pinch of salt", "text": "GURGAON: Rajat Gogi, manager at a multinational firm in the city, had booked a 2 BHK flat in an apartment on Golf Course extension road in 2009 after visiting a sample flat at the project site. The flat appeared to him well-designed and spacious enough for a family of four. But now, he finds the under-construction apartment much smaller than what he was shown during the guided tour of the sample flat. When he approached the builder, Gogi was shown a clause in the sale agreement which specified that the final product could be \"altered\".Also, with the actual sample flat razed, Gogi is at a loss to prove what he was promised. With several housing projects coming up in the city, market analysts warn the buyers to be cautious and understand how an unfurnished flat would look like: \"Sample flats are effective marketing tools and should be viewed as the same,\" says Mrunal Duggar, vice-president of residential services at Jones Lang LaSalle India. However, in the case of luxury homes buyers go to the extent of paying extra money to get the exact replica of the sample house. \"We see many instances where a luxury apartment buyer is sufficiently impressed to ask for a replica of the sample flat. Money is not a concern for such buyers,\" says Duggar.Some builders put up larger flats on display, confusing the buyer about specifications like actual size, distance between two towers, direction, etc. Developers also invest heavily in the interiors like movable fixtures, fittings and white goods of the sample flats. These movable fixtures are not a part of the actual apartment and hence a buyer should be looking at specifications like tiles, flooring and sanitary ware, which are generally part of an apartment. \"A buyer should have a nose for details and compare the specifications mentioned in the papers against what is on display,\" says Ruchika Bharadwaj, lead analyst, Certes Realty Ltd.On the other hand, developers insist that a sample flat is necessary for new buyers to understand what they are buying. They see nothing wrong in the fact that in apartments that have flats of multiple sizes, sample flats usually reflect the most spacious units. \"Apart from certain decorative furnishings, the sample flat is a portrayal of the actual size of the living areas, bedrooms, bathroom areas, balconies, etc. It is also an indicator of the quality of specifications used, in wall finish, woodwork, sanitary-ware, electrical fittings, floorings, etc,\" says Harinder Dhillon, senior VP, marketing, Raheja Developers.But most of the developers strictly prohibit prospective buyers from clicking pictures of the sample houses. \"A prospective buyer is not allowed to click pictures of a sample flat. This leaves him with no proof of the offering,\" says Sanjay Sharma, managing director of Qubrex. But popular developers claim that they don't make any \"changes\" in the actual flats and it's only some of the \"unscrupulous developers who do tend to cut corners on final delivery with respect to specifications\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785528", "title": "Three-and-a-half-year-old girl killed in hit-and-run", "text": "PUNE: A three-and-a-half-year-old girl died on Sunday after she was knocked down by a speeding car at Deshmukhwadi in Shivne.Soni Umesh Sharma of Sadguru Arcade was playing near her house with other children around 5 pm, when the accident happened. The driver fled after the incident.Police sub-inspector L B Bombale of the Warje Malwadi police station said that Soni was immediately rushed to a nearby private hospital, but declared dead on arrival. \"We have yet to trace the car and the driver,\" Bombale said.In another accident at Thergaon on February 2, a two-and-a-half-year-old girl was killed after she was hit by a car at Dange Chowk. The girl has been identified as Vaishnavi Rajesh Kathalkar of Thergaon. Vaishnavi's mother Reshma (25) sustained minor injuries in the accident. The police have arrested the car driver Nilesh Deshpande (29) of Moshi for negligent driving. The Hinjewadi police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785488", "title": "Workshop on preservation of medicinal plants", "text": "KANPUR: A week-long workshop and training on farming and preservation of medicinal and fragrance plants began at Fragrance and Flavour Development Centre, Fazalganj, on Monday. The workshop is being organized by micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME).The programme was inaugurated by Bhakti Vijay Shukla, Information officer of MSME.Elaborating the possibilities of cropping and chemical preservation of fragrance and medicinal plants, special guest Raj Kumar Singh spoke about several ways to enhance the production of the fragrance plants and herbs.Several informative sessions and educational programme like knowledge of production, farming and preservation of medicinal and fragrance plants will be held. Many experts will address the participating students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784970", "title": "Gujarat university VC upholds rejection of senate nominee", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi on Monday rejected the nomination of Umang Somani, an undergraduate commerce student of GLS College of Commerce, for the senate elections slated on February 19.Somani's nomination was rejected on Sunday by the scrutiny committee on the grounds that the nomination form did not carry the signature and stamp of the principal of the college that he is studying in. This had led to verbal exchanges between National Students Union of India (NSUI) with whom Somani is associated and the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), who supported the rejection.The matter was forwarded to the VC for final decision. On Monday, Trivedi declared that the nomination of Somani was rejected. The VC said the decision was taken after consulting with the legal department of the GU. Legal opinion supported that the nomination be rejected.There was high drama at the GU on Monday as the ABVP was camping inside the GU campus and was ready for demonstration if the candidature was accepted despite technical faults. The matter, however, rested when the VC made the final declaration.On Sunday afternoon, a brawl had broken out between groups of students at GU in connection to the students' senate election. The issue started after the scrutiny committee of the senate election rejected the Somani's nomination form. NSUI student members took to protest at the GU Campus demanding that Somani be shortlisted for the election. A total of 36 candidates filed for nomination this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790549", "title": "Pony Verma: Calling the shots", "text": "Popular choreographer Pony Verma is all set to start her directorial debut in Bollywood soon.\"I've always been wanting to try something new in the industry and direction has caught my fancy. There are so many choreographers who are successful directors now. I've been working on an idea and will soon commence work on my debut directorial, which will be a pucca masala entertainer. I'm planning to rope in one of my actor friends to play the lead in it,\" says Pony.Will she assist her actor-director husband Prakash Raj before wielding the megaphone? \"I was always there on the sets of his latest directorial venture. And I've been in the industry for a long while. But it helps to have a good actor-director at home to help you!\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786632", "title": "Two-day GSI drama contest from Wednesday", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-day 18th all-India Geological Survey of India (GSI) drama competition would be held at the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) in the city from Wednesday. Participants from regional offices of the GSI from across the country will participate in the event.Ten dramas, based on contemporary issues, would be staged. The competition will be inaugurated on February 8 by scientific advisor to the MP government and DG MP Council of Science and Technology professor Pramod Kumar. IGRMS director KK Mishra will be the chief guest and all programmes will be held under the chairmanship of deputy director general and HoD,GSI (central region) Binod Kumar, a press release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787013", "title": "Rose demand surges ahead of V-Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's neighbourhood is beaming with florists at every corner who are busy meeting the soaring demand of \"single red roses\". With photocopy shops turning into part-time florists across Sector 15, this rose day, February 7, the spirits are higher!Beating the average sale of nearly 8-10 such rose sticks per day surrounding PU, the numbers have shot up to 50-80 single rise sticks ahead of Valentine's week. \"Although we have all popular colours and varieties of roses, the favourite one which sells the most is the red rose. The sales have shot up, although closer to Valentine's Day, the demand is higher and rush heavier,\" said Salim, a florist in Sector 15.With a red rose stick being sold for Rs 20, which costs Rs 15 ordinarily, the prices are expected to go higher. \"The supply of roses in Chandigarh is primarily from Bangalore and Pune. The prices depend on the supply in the coming week. There are certain special varieties of roses imported from other countries, but we do not keep them here in Sector 15 since students do not buy those,\" added Naveen Kumar, another florist.He added that a special red rose of double the size and stem thickness is specially ordered from overseas, although the demand for it is less in university's vicinity. Roses of unconventional colours including black and blue, although available at select florists in Sector 34, are not as popular among college and university students. \"We keep select colours including yellow, pink, white, red and orange since they are the most preferred. But pink and red are the most sought after around Valentine's Day,\" cited Prakash, who works with a florist in the same area. He described how students, who are visiting their shop, ensure that the rose sticks bought by them are wrapped to perfection to gift to their loved ones!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11778348", "title": "Rohit Roy at Ketan Kadam's party", "text": "Ash and Junelia Chandler spent this Sunday afternoon with their friends who trooped in to congratulate the newly weds.The do was hosted by Ketan Kadam, who raised a toast to the couple. New mummies, Reshma Bombaywala and Sabina Singh were seen doting on their tiny tots. Rohit Roy made most of Mumbai's short-lived winter afternoons by choosing to ride in on his bike.Tejaswini Kolhapure, Devieka and Suresh Bhojwani, Zeba and Rajesh Kohli, Anil and Sabina Chopra and Rashmi Uday Singh also joined in to pop the bubbly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784833", "title": "SIT shouldn't give clean chit to Modi: Social activists", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Anticipating that the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) may give a clean chit to chief minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in the 2002 riots on Zakia Jafri's complaint, eminent citizens and social activists raised voice of protest against SIT chief R K Raghavan's \"callous attitude\".These people, who include veteran Gandhian Chunibhai Vaidhya, former chief minister Suresh Mehta, senior journalist Prakash Shah and women's rights activist Ilaben Pathak, have also dashed off a letter to the Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia and complained that SIT probe is being subverted.\"A historic investigation under the supervision of the Supreme Court since 2008 is being subverted by vested interests inimical to the rule of law. This could prove disastrous for lasting and sustainable justice that has to be the prerequisite for peace and harmony,\" the complaint reads.Addressing media persons, Vaidhya said, \"The state government has made the judiciary limping here. So many people were killed, yet SIT could not find a single offender. I don't know whether this administration should be called as 'kushashan' or 'dushashan'.\"Social activist Pathak said that if SIT files closure report, it would be nothing but the worst travesty of justice. \"So much of evidence has been supplied to Raghavan and SIT , but it is not being taken cognizance of. It seems that things are being pushed under the carpet,\" she said adding that Raghavan has shown disrespect to the findings of an inquiry committee comprising justices like P B Sawant and Suresh Hosbet.They also complained that SIT seems to be ignoring the findings of amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran that Modi was liable to be prosecuted in the 2002 riots cases. \"If despite the recommendations of the Amicus Curiae, the SIT today files a closure report, this would be first and foremost a blow to the mass indignity suffered by victims and would signal a grave threat to faith in the rule of law, democracy, the relationships between communities. Faith in our system will be deeply eroded,\" the letter to CJI reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11786960", "title": "Plate it up, Chef style", "text": "MUMBAI: Amidst the art and culture and the fun and frolic of The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival is a lip-smacking new feature: cooking demonstrations by wellknown chefs. On Saturday, Milind Sovani , the chef at Song of India , an Indian restaurant in Singapore , and Asha Khatau, who conducts cooking workshops, gave participants tips on how to present Indian food.The next day, The Table's Alex Sanchez taught the audience how to make meatballs and beetroot risotto. On Tuesday, Prashant Chembala, a chef at Le Pain Quotidien, will demonstrate the making of the tartine - French for an open-faced sandwich which consists of slices of bread with toppings of meat, cheese, vegetables and egg. The tartine is popular across Europe, particularly France, Belgium , The Netherlands and the Scandinavian countries.Le Pain Quotidien is the first Indian outpost of the Belgian cafe chain founded by Alain Coumont and one of its chief offerings is the tartine. Chembala will demonstrate four varieties of tartines - tomato mozzarella , chicken and smoked mozzarella , mushroom and chevre and chicken and pesto. He explained that he uses toppings that match the flavour of the bread. LPQ bakes its own bread and the one that's used for tartines is made using sour dough. That gives it a characteristic sour flavour. In the course of the week, watch out for Pooja Dhingra. The owner of Le 15 Patisserie will show participants how to make truffles. Busaba's Nikhil Chib will break down the art of dim sum-making.Prakash Thadani, the owner of Worli's Cool Chef Cafe, will demonstrate three items made using a special chilli sauce. Learn about kababs from Mukhtar Qureshi, the chef at Neel at Tote on the Turf and fancy, arty food from the city's most well-known chef of modern cuisine, Rahul Akerkar. And, yes, bon appetit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785814", "title": "People upset with cheap land eluding them", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A number of people, including businessmen, teachers and engineers staged a demonstration in front of the office of a real estate businessman in Saheed Nagar on Monday alleging that he duped them of lakhs of rupees by promising them land at cheaper rates.The company in question, Super Dream Construction Pvt Ltd, had allegedly collected huge money as advance from land seekers in 2009. The company had given money receipts to them and promised land in Satyabhamapur area near Uttara on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar.\"I had paid Rs 2 lakh in 2009 for 10,000 sq ft land. But the builder is yet to register the promised land in my name,\" said Srihari Dalei, a marine engineer working in Vizag. \"I am unnecessarily spending huge money by shuttling between Bhubaneswar and Vizag every month. But the realtor does not give me the land,\" Dalei said.N S Choudhury of Old Town area here said he had paid over Rs 1 lakh to buy two lands. \"The builder has not yet given me possession of the land,\" he said.Managing director of the real estate company Arabinda Mohanty refuted the charges. \"I provided land to many people. I did not try to cheat anybody. I have assured to return the amount to those people who want to take their money back,\" Mohanty said.Some complainants said they are suffering a lot due to absence of dedicated \"land cells\" in police stations to deal with land frauds. \"We have long been hearing that the government would open land cells in police stations in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack. When will it materialize,\" asked a complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787066", "title": "Postal employee fighting for pension gets relief from President", "text": "CHENNAI: J Prema of Dindigul district has won a three-year battle with the Director of Postal Services, Madurai for her pension and service benefits, thanks to the intervention of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) and a final order from President Pratibha Patil last week.In her order, the President ordered that proceedings against Prema be dropped as \"misconduct\" on her part was not grave enough for imposing a major penalty. A bench of G Shanthappa, judicial member and O P Sosamma, administrative member, declared the case closed on Monday.\"Her case could have dragged on for years, had it not been for the intervention of the court. Disciplinary proceedings were initiated against Prema as authorities claimed that she had not supervised the work of a Gramin Dak Sevak (part-time personnel working for the postal department in rural areas). While the charges against her were proved, our stand was that this can attract only a minor punishment,\" her advocate R Malaichamy said.Prema was suspended as sub-postmaster at Kodaikanal Observatory two days before her retirement was due on May 31, 2009. A year later, the CAT asked the department to complete the inquiry within six months. As the authorities did not pay heed to the order even 14 months later, the CAT initiated suo motu contempt proceedings in September, 2011. Authorities then promised to complete the inquiry within three months. The inquiry report was forwarded to President Pratibha Patil as per the terms of the Central Civil Services Pension Rules, 1972, who subsequently ordered that proceedings against Prema be dropped.\"We received a copy of the President's order two days ago and she was able to claim benefits (about 8 lakh) the same day,\" Malaichamy said.Prema was suspended as sub-postmaster two days before her retirement on May 31, 2009", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785606", "title": "Rudy advises Rahul to do homework properly", "text": "KANPUR: Bharatiya Janata Party spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy advised Congress leader Rahul Gandhi to do his homework properly before making political comments. \"On one hand, Congress is in association with 'goondas', 'chor' and 'badmash' at the Centre, on the other, Rahul Gandhi goes on saying in his speeches that he wants to see UP free from such elements,\" Rudy said while reacting to Rahul's remarks that even if the Congress loses, it will not ally with thieves in UP.\"We want to specifically know from Rahul Gandhi that on which parameters he would change the face of UP. He should make it clear that whether he would like to run Uttar Pradesh on Rajasthan government's model or Andhra Pradesh or Haryana or Delhi pattern, as all these states governed by Congress, are embroiled in corruption or other controversies,\" he said.Lauding Rahul Gandhi's gesture over his worries regarding the development and progress of the state, Rudy questioned that from whom would Rahul get tips to understand or eradicate 'corruption' prevailing in the ongoing regime of Congress.Rudy recalled a statement of Rahul, in which he had said that \"Dilli ki sarkar aam logon se izzat se baat karti hai (Delhi government gives people dignity and self-respect).\"Referring to the statement, he said that he would like to ask him about his senior Congress party leader Digvijay Singh, who addresses terrorist Osama bin-Laden as 'Osama Ji' on one hand and on the other hand, he calls Baba Ramdeo a 'thug' and mocks anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare.He further gave an example of Congress government's cruelty. \"Rajbala, an anti-graft activist was beaten up on the instructions of Delhi government. It resulted in multiple injuries to her, which ultimately proved fatal for her,\" he said.Putting an end to speculation of a post-poll tie-up with any party, Rudy said the BJP would not enter into an alliance with any party in the state but at the same time he said, \"We would expect the same from Congress that it would stick to Rahul Gandhi's recent statement that Congress would not associate with any party in the state.\"Rudi claimed that the political conditions in the poll-bound state were in favour of the BJP and it would come to power on its own.When asked what he would like to say on Priyanka's husband Robert Vadra, who had indicated that he would join politics, Rudy questioned, \"Who is he (Robert Vadra)? Well, I don't know him as he is not into politics.\"Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11786877", "title": "63-year-old Harminder gears up for TT tourney", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Age is only an incidental number to Harminder Singh, who is a living example of determination. Sixty-three years old, Harminder is gearing to participate in National Veteran Table Tennis Championship to be held in Gangtok, Sikkim, soon.A resident of Civil Lines, Harminder said when he was a teen, he used to play badminton but later on fell in love with table tennis and is still posing tough competition to his opponents. Despite several injuries, Harminder's movements are quick and his shots bang on. ''In 1970 I started playing table tennis in Guru Nanak Dev Stadium's Shastri Hall. In 1983, I moved to playing at Sutlej Club because it had better facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786627", "title": "Dates to remit exam fee announced", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The fee for final year BA/BSc/BCom/BPA/BA Afsal Ul-Ulama exams to be conducted by Kerala University in March/April can be remitted without fine till February 22 and with a fine of Rs 50 and Rs 250 till February 24 and 28 respectively.In addition to the exam fee, Rs 75 should be paid as CV camp fee.The fee for the first year BSc Nursing (2006 scheme) mercy chance exam to be held in March can be remitted without fine till February 14 and with a fine of Rs 50 and Rs 250 till February 16 and 18 respectively.Those from the 2007-admission batch can also apply for the exam. In addition to the exam fee, Rs 1,300 should be paid as mercy chance exam fee.The fee for the final year BSc MLT (regular- 2007 admission) exam to begin from March 21 can be remitted without fine till February 22 and with a fine of Rs 50 and Rs 250 till February 24 and 27 respectively. In addition to the exam fee, Rs 300 should be paid as CV camp fee. The last date for submitting the thesis is February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785434", "title": "Misuse of RTI Act delays justice: Information commissioner", "text": "PUNE: An unholy alliance of corrupt people in the society and a number of government officials are misusing the Right to Information (RTI) Act and thereby delaying justice to the common man, state information commissioner Vijay Kuvalekar said on MondayKuvalekar, who retires on Tuesday, was addressing a press conference on completion of five years in office. He had taken charge as commissioner of the Pune division on February 8, 2007. He said there are instances where people have filed a large number of RTI applications, thus slowing down the information-providing process and inconveniencing citizens whose queries are genuine.\"There are people who have filed 150 applications at one time. Such activities are growing and this by itself is a very serious matter. The mindset of the society and that of these people needs to change to curb such activities,\" Kuvalekar added.Speaking about the functioning of the system, he said, \"I found senior officials reluctant to respond effectively to the RTI Act, the reason is their unwillingness to change the status quo. Officials who have joined office recently have realised that if they implement the RTI effectively, it eases their workload and reduces pressure while taking policy decisions. These officials are pro-RTI and its effective use for efficient governance.\"But the office of the information commissioner itself is similar to any other government office, Kuvalekar said. \"There is a shortage of staff and instead of equipping the RTI office with more stenographers, there are more clerk-level officials. I have already moved a proposal to change the staffing pattern of the office to ensure its speedy functioning. The state government's nod is awaited,\" he said. \"RTI activism has so far remained limited to the urban areas with a focus on civic issues. The economically weaker sections in society are still unaware of the gravity and power of the RTI Act.\" and how it could be helpful for them. The government has allocated some funds, which are utilised by various non-governmental organisations for spreading awareness about the Act, but the economically weaker section is yet to use it effectively, he added.Meanwhile, before Kuvalekar took charge, there were 2,800 appeals pending with the office. Till January 31, 2012, Kuvalekar's office admitted 16,593 appeals and disposed 12,608 of them. It also received 835 complaints of which 686 were cleared. There are 113 people who have a record of filing more than five appeals at one time, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11786011", "title": "Unlit boat jetty turns into a crime spot", "text": "KOCHI: The unlit areas of the Ernakulam boat jetty have become a haven for eve-teasers and pick-pockets, making it an unsafe place for tourists and commuters.The streetlights have been out of service since 2008. A single flood lamp, fixed by the KSRTC, is the only arrangement that helps the commuters. Jannani Iyer (28) from Bangalore shared her bitter experience near the jetty.\"I was coming back from the islands on a Sunday. I felt that two guys were following me. They started tugging at my bag. I broke into a run,\" said Jannani, who was in Kochi two weeks ago.Rashid Yusop from Indonesia in the city claims that his wallet was stolen while waiting for the boat to Fort Kochi. The KSRTC bus depot and the current Ernakulam boat jetty complex sits on an area of 50 odd cents. The tourism department, which oversees the facilities of Ernakulam boat jetty, tells that its hands are tied.\"We cannot do anything about it for the department doesn't own the land. The department even got funds for a new transformer but will not be able to make any change until the revenue department gives us our title deed,\" said an official at the tourism department.Central sub-inspector A Ananthalal said that it has come to the notice of the police department that eveteasers and anti-social elements were creating problems for passengers in the boat jetty. He, however, said that no case has been registered so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11785376", "title": "5 more babies die in Malda hospital", "text": "Malda: Members of a women's organization burnt effigy of chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who is also in charge of the health department, after the death of five more babies at Malda Medical College and Hospital since Sunday night.Though one of the babies weighed only 3.5 kg, infuriated guardians alleged negligence on part of the hospital. The minister of state for health cancelled her visit to Malda at the last moment while the minister of child welfare cancelled a scheduled press meet.Pradip Mandal, whose baby died, alleged the doctors did not treat the baby properly. \"They gave an injection after which my baby died,\" he claimed.M A Rashid, the vice-principal of the medical college, said: \"We have not received any complaint regarding negligence.\"A three-day workshop for the doctors, nurses and health workers started in Malda on Monday with an eye on reducing the number of crib deaths. Thirty doctors, more than hundred nurses and hundreds of NGO workers attended the workshop. MOS Chandrima Bhattacharya was slated to inaugurate the workshop. But she cancelled her visit. tnnMinister of child welfare Sabitri Mitra was also supposed to meet the press but cancelled it.At Mangalbari, an RSP women's organization staged a protest rally against the crib deaths. Later, they burnt an effigy of health minister Mamata Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789320", "title": "Sunny Deol to play a lecturer in Ghayal sequel", "text": "Sunny Deol is all set to play a lecturer in the sequel to the 1990 film Ghayal. Since his character is long way off from his boxer's avatar in the previous film, North Indian distributors are not too happy with this drastic change.A source revealed, \"The idea of turning Sunny into a non-violent professor did not go down well with the distributors in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and the rest of North India. So the script has undergone a quick revision. While Sunny still plays a teacher he will be taking on college hoodlums' fist-to-fist. He won't be the Gandhian lamb of a Professor Saab that his father played in Asit Sen's Sharafat, 40 years ago. He will be far more aggressive and even take off his kurta for the climactic battle.\"While director Rahul Rawail refused to comment, the producer Viacom 18's COO Vikram Malhotra said, \"There is tremendous curiosity and excitement for Ghayal 2 and Sunny Deol won't disappoint his fans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786561", "title": "NCTC to become operational from March 1", "text": "New Delhi: The National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) - country's specialized anti-terror body -- will become operational from March 1 and will have a Standing Council comprising chiefs of counter-terror outfits in states and others as its lynchpin.It will have powers to requisition 'elite' forces like NSG and marine commandos to carry out operations against terrorists.The Standing Council will comprise members of anti-terror agencies in states, in what is being seen as a step to encourage the states to develop a stake in the pooling of information and intelligence inputs.This coupled with the powers under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) to make arrests and carry out search operations across the country are designed to get around the problem of law and order being a state subject: a constitutional scheme that is seen as essential for country's federal polity but which has hampered cooperation between the Centre and the state as well as among states themselves.The NCTC was notified on Friday with adequate legal cover under the UAPA as a 'designated authority'.The director of NCTC along with its joint directors will be a part of the Standing Council. The body will have three divisions with each of them being earmarked for collection and dissemination of intelligence; analysis and operations.The Council, which has been devised a way to take states into loop for every major decision, will meet frequently and use 'video conference' for regular interaction and review the \"daily threat assessment\". \"It will also ensure that the NCTC is the single and effective point of control and coordination of all counter- terrorism measures,\" said a government notification.The forces that can be requisitioned by the NCTC for operations may not just be restricted to commando units like the National Security Guard (NSG), marine commandos (MarCos) of the Indian Navy and CoBRA of the Central Reserve Police Force. The anti-terror body can use even those combat forces that may not be in public domain, but exist for various 'covert' operations within the country.The notification, made public on Monday, said: \"All civil authorities in the country (including of states) and all Indian authorities located outside country (including Indian Missions) will act in aid of the NCTC in respect of the duties and functions entrusted to this body\".The central anti-terror body will have power to seek any kind of information, including documents, reports, transcripts and cyber details from \"any agency furnishing or obliged to furnish such information\" under the conditions of confidentiality. It will also have power to set up inter-state intelligence support teams.The NCTC will maintain a comprehensive data base of terrorists and their associates; friends, families and supporters; of terrorist modules and gangs and all information pertaining to terrorists.It will also coordinate with existing investigation and intelligence agencies to ensure that all terrorist cases are solved and the perpetrators are brought to justice.On structure of the organization, the notification said that the NCTC, to be headed by a director who will be in the rank of additional director in Intelligence Bureau (IB), will have core staff drawn from the personnel of IB.It will also have officers on deputation from other Central agencies like Research &amp; Analysis Wing (India's external intelligence agency), joint intelligence committee, National Technical Research Organization and intelligence wings of Indian Army, Navy and Air Force, DGMI, CBDT, central economic intelligence bureau and Narcotics Control Bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11787722", "title": "3 commit suicide", "text": "MYSORE: In separate incidents, three persons including a senior citizen committed suicide by hanging themselves in the city on Monday. Venkatesh Murthy, 65, of Ramakrishnanagar was found hanging at Lingambudi lake premises. He was sorrowful and dejected in life, police said, quoting his family members.Kuvempunagar police said he has used a lungi to hang himself from a tree in the lake located in the south part of Mysore. Similarly, homemaker Nagaveni, 28, a resident of Agrahara, also hanged herself at her residence. Krishnaraja police said she was married for six-and-half-years and was deeply unhappy about the marriage. Nagaveni's family members are accusing her husband Venkateshmurthy of harassing her for money.Ramesh, 40, of Mandya district committed suicide in a city lodge in Devaraja police limits. Police said he was mired in debt. He had borrowed money to run a shop in Mandya but could not repay it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786187", "title": "Pakistan 26/11 Mumbai attacks panel fails to turn up", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fate of 26/11 trial in Pakistan is again mired in uncertainty with Islamabad failing to communicate to New Delhi exactly when its judicial commission will visit India to record statement of officials linked with the Mumbai attacks. Government sources confirmed on Monday that Pakistan has only conveyed to India that the visit slated for February 3-6 couldn't take place because of some issues \"legal in nature\".\"We have not heard anything new from Pakistan regarding the proposed visit of a judicial panel,\" said official sources. The government had earlier indicated to Pakistan that it would be willing to receive the judicial commission in the first 10 days of February after which the Pakistani side had announced that the commission would visit India from February 3 to 6.\"They had then indicated a window of opportunity when this judicial delegation will come,\" said the source but a day before February 3, Pakistan informed India that they would like to reschedule the panel's visit.\"We have not heard anything since then from Pakistan about the visit. The last communication we have from them is about their intent to reschedule, and that they would come back with fresh dates,\" he said.The commission is supposed to record statements of officers linked to the 26/11 probe, including additional chief metropolitan magistrate R V Sawant Waghule and investigating officer Ramesh Mahale and also the doctors who carried out the post-mortem of the terrorists killed during the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787219", "title": "Transgender in a fix over spiritual path", "text": "CHENNAI: A progressive move by the Evangelical Church of India to enlist a transgender pastor has prompted other churches to open their doors to her. The Church of South India is among the first to extend an invitation to Bharathi to preach to its congregation.\"A month ago, I met Bharathi and she expressed her desire to become a priest. We have asked her to sensitize and educate people to respect her community,\" said CSI bishop Devasahayam.Bharathi has been a pastor in a church in Chenglepet, 60 km from Chennai, for almost a year after completing a degree in theology. While Bharathi is much in demand now, a minor controversy is brewing, triggered by the CSI's offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785793", "title": "Kidnap bid on girl foiled", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Some alert locals here on Monday foiled an alleged kidnap bid on a girl and helped the police arrest a woman for committing the crime. However, some male accomplices of the arrested woman fled.The victim, Pritismita Nayak (19), who stays in Chakeisiani here, was returning from her relative's house from Palaspalli when the accused waylaid her near Punama Gate. They allegedly tried to bundle her into an auto-rickshaw. She is working with a private hospital here.\"When she shouted, we rushed into to help her. Three youths present in the auto-rickhshaw fled, deserting their woman gang member. The woman started beating the girl,\" an eyewitness said. \"We immediately informed the police, who took the women in a van,\" he said.Police arrested the woman, Pinky Reddy, a resident of Sitapalli Basti within Kharavel Nagar police limits. Though police were yet to ascertain the motive of the kidnap, preliminary investigation revealed that Pinky was sent by Pritismita's friend, who had given the latter some loan recently. \"When Pritismita did not return the amount to him, he engaged Pinky to collect the money,\" a police officer said.The incident came close on the heels of a kidnap bid on an MBA girl in Chandrasekharpur area here last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786610", "title": "Key Indian Mujahideen ideologue arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police's special team investigating the Indian Mujahideen terror cell has arrested a key ideologue of the group who played a crucial role in motivating many youngsters to join the home-grown terror outfit over the years.A senior official said Talha Abdali alias Israr, who was arrested from Barabanki in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday, was one of the founders of IM, and may have done some research work in the prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi. He was brought to Delhi on Monday and produced before a local court.Investigators believe Israr is a close associate of IM boss Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh. A senior source told TOI, \"After escaping from a Meer Vihar factory in Delhi in November, Yasin Bhatkal had taken shelter at Israr's place.\"A source said, \"We have information that Israr is a founder member of Indian Mujahideen and he had knowledge about various blasts and operations. He is one of the important ideologues in the group who also recruited youths.\"Sources said Israr was one of the most important members of IM, attached to the organization from day one. Police sources said initial inputs showed that Israr may have stayed in Jawaharlal Nehru University and carried out some kind of research, but they are yet to confirm this.Delhi Police had secured non-bailable warrants against 15 Indian Mujahideen suspects from a Delhi court two days ago and Israr was one of them. Their names had cropped up during the questioning of Tariq Anjum Hasan and seven others who were arrested by the cops earlier.Sources said Israr had arranged a hideout for Bhatkal recently when several teams were raiding in Uttar Pradesh, Chennai, Maharashtra, Bihar, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka for the elusive terror mastermind. However, this time too, Delhi Police could not arrest Bhatkal.Israr is being questioned about other places where Bhatkal could be hiding and raids are being conducted. Police are also examining if Israr was present at the residence of Tariq Anjum Hasan, who was arrested from Nalanda, Bihar three days ago, when IM operatives discussed the attack on Jama Masjid in Delhi. Delhi Police sources said it was in Tariq's residence that Bhatkal planned the attack. \"We have to find out whether Israr was also present during the planning of Jama Masjid attack or other blasts,\" said the officer.Officials said they will confront Israr with seven arrested IM members and Tariq as well. \"He also knows Tariq very well and both had met in the past,\" the officer said.Tariq had provided names of at least 15 IM members settled in Bihar's Darbhanga district, Bhatkal in Karnataka and Unnao and Barabanki in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11786956", "title": "Cops\u2019 breath-in-your-face alcohol test risky", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Don't be surprised if a cop at a check-post brings his face close to yours. For, he has not stopped you for regular questioning, but to find out if you are drunk.Such incidents are quite common in the city. Though physicians term the exercise as unhygienic, traffic police officials say it is their attempt to minimize harassment to commuters as they do not want to unnecessarily perform an alco-meter test on the drivers.However, residents find it annoying. \"UT police is giving a lame excuse. They are either out of stock of alco-meters or do not want to change their nozzle after every test. That's why they are resorting to the manual test. When I return home from office late in the night, I often face this harassment,\" Mayanak Chopra, a call centre executive, said.Ashutosh Mishra, a resident of Sector 23, said, \"I was stopped near sectors 23-24 light-point. A cop suddenly came very close to me and started asking strange questions. I was stunned for a moment, it was embarrassing as my family was with me.\"But, police find nothing wrong with it. \"We do not want to harass every motorist. So, one of our officials first goes to the driver and talks to him. He asks him general questions to find out if he is drunk. And if he is sure that the driver is sozzled, an alco-meter test is done on him,\" traffic inspector Jasminder Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785126", "title": "Mega industrial expo from Feb 24", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has organized a mega industrial expo 'NIMA Index-2012' in Nashik from February 24.\"The four-day mega event, the 11th in the series, will be held on a sprawling nine-acre ground of Dongre Hostel here from February 24 and will have participation of around 270 small and large industries from across the country. About 2 lakh people from business, trade and all levels are expected to visit the expo,\" NIMA office-bearers said.Around 200 small and large companies have confirmed their participation so far. Nima Index is the major triennial event organised with the objective of providing platform for direct interaction between buyers and sellers and provide opportunities to all types of industries, traders, service providers and professionals to exhibit their products and services.Meanwhile, the bhumipujan was performed on Monday by NIMA trustee, Vivek Gogate. Around 270 stalls of different sizes are to be put up in two categories-covered carpeted prefabricated stalls and covered open space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786622", "title": "Centre puts Dadri project on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another embarrassment for the poll-bound BSP government in Uttar Pradesh, the Union environment ministry has put Ansal's 2,400-acre housing project, Hi-Tech Township City, at Dadri on hold for 'illegally' reclaiming a wetland in the plot.The ministry has sent a showcause notice to the project developers under the Environment Protection Act, asking them to explain why legal action should not be taken for violating the clearance norms and the project should not be scrapped. The developers have been given 15 days to respond to the notice, and till then the project would remain suspended. While, the Central government has to demarcate the wetland area falling in the project site.The project abutting Greater Noida area and along the Eastern Periphery Expressway lies at the termination point of the proposed Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Boraki.The project was cleared by UP's environmental clearance authority. But questions were raised about the clearance by state forest officials. Then, the Union environment ministry sent a team to inspect th e site.The team recorded that the project area was swampy, a natural habitat to several bird species and also included a wetland of six-eight hectares. The team found that some of the wetlands had been reclaimed by the company after being purchased from the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790065", "title": "Kim Kardashian has World's Best Bum", "text": "Kim Kardashian is officially the owner of the World's Best Bum.The 31-year-old socialite - who announced her divorce from basketball star Kris Humphries after just 72 days of marriage last October - beat off stiff competition from the likes of Rihanna , Scarlett Johansson and Pixie Lott to bag the coveted title.Voted for by more than 2,000 readers of ZOO magazine, the top 20 also featured the likes of Jessica Biel , Shakira , The Saturdays' Frankie Sandford and new mother Beyonce Knowles , who gave birth to her first child, daughter Blue Ivy, just last month.However, despite causing a worldwide stir after she squeezed her buttocks into a curve-enhancing Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen bridesmaids' gown at last April's royal wedding between her sister Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William , Pippa Middleton only managed to bag 36th place.Elsewhere, Cheryl Cole was notably absent from the top 20, while Jennifer Lopez and Kylie Minogue's famous derrieres only came in 22nd and 27th places respectively.Damien McSorley, editor of ZOO magazine, said: \"Kim's curves are famous the world over, so there could only ever really be one winner when it comes to the World's Best Bum.\"While we were surprised that Pippa Middleton didn't make the top 10, it was good to see Pixie Lott flying the flag for Britain in the top five. But where was Cheryl (Cole)?\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785533", "title": "Central authority to revise format for evaluation of zoos", "text": "PUNE: The Central Zoo Authority (CZA) is developing a new format for evaluation of zoos, which will focus on creating awareness on ecology and animal behaviour and also take up conservation breeding of endangered species in zoos. The plan also aims at changing the mindset of visitors - from viewing zoos just as a source of entertainment to becoming informed animal sensitive visitors.CZA officials, zoo directors from various states and wildlife experts came together at a workshop here on Monday to discuss, modify and upgrade the zoo rules, enhance conservation values of zoos and orient the zoo evaluators. The workshop on 'Assessment for enhancing the conservation values of zoos: Orientation of zoo evaluators' was held at the Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education.Evaluation of zoos is carried out to mainly assess the condition of zoos, facilitate zoos in identifying the priority and themes of display and improve implementation of norms for the upkeep and management of animals. The evaluators comprise people who have worked with the CZA, zoo directors and those who have some connection with zoos.Erach Bharucha, a member of the Central Zoo Authority and director of the Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education, told TOI that the CZA already has a format for evaluation of zoos. But it needs to be upgraded and modified. So, this workshop was aimed at creating a format for evaluation of zoos. The idea is to make a shift from just exhibiting animals to creating awareness and focusing on conservation breeding.According to Bharucha, evaluation as an external process by experts permits periodic assessment that helps the zoos to adhere to new dimensions of management. \"But it's time the norms are modified to help speed up implementation, change the mindset of visitors, take up conservation information strategies and set up rescue facility with an animal rights focus.''The evaluator's role should not only be to identify the problems but to facilitate better management practises, further innovation and flexibility and enhance conservation values, Bharucha added.SC Sharma, founder member secretary of CZA and former additional director general of forests (wildlife), ministry of environment and forests, said priority should be given to animal upkeep and healthcare. Four or five persons should work on conservation breeding programme. There is a need for decentralization of powers, visit to other zoos, and interaction with experts to get inputs and ideas, he added.PC Tyagi, senior scientist, the Wildlife Institute of India, said critical issues that needed to be looked at while coming up with a new format for evaluation of zoos included population of animals, single animals, food, sanitation and hygiene. The zoos that require funding need to be identified. And conservation breeding should be prioritized, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11786097", "title": "Three nominations filed on first day", "text": "PANAJI: On the first day of filing of nominations on Monday, only three nominations were filed for Porvorim constituency in North Goa.The joint chief electoral officer, N S Navti told mediapersons that two sets of nomination papers were filed by independent candidate Rohan Khaunte and one set by his wife Neelam Khaunte for Porvorim constituency.Navti said his office has made arrangements to upload onto the chief electoral officer's website, on the same day, the election affidavits of all candidates who file nomination papers.He also said that a social activist has lodged a complaint against the director of fire services Ashok Menon for allegedly violating the code of conduct. In his complaint, Aires Rodrigues has alleged that Menon conducted written tests for potential recruits on December 22, 2011, and gave appointed letters the very next day.The joint CEO also said that when his office had asked departments for details of appointments made in the recent past, the fire services department had in its reply, denied any new recruitments.Meanwhile, the Election Commission of India has sought further clarifications on the complaint against Aldona Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar, who allegedly distributed sports kits and cheques to sports clubs when the code of conduct was in force. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789403", "title": "Suman Ranganath in glamorous avatar", "text": "Suman Ranganath is in a happy state of mind. The actor has been receiving a lot of praise for her character Aandalamma, an attractive but lonely government teacher in her latest release and Suman states that it's been one of the most challenging roles she has ever played.Though Aandalamma's glamorous avatar seemed out of place in a rural government school, Suman says it's exactly what the director wanted.\"He wanted me to look voluptuous. I had to put on 8 kgs. Yogi, the hero of the film, falls in love with the character, so she had to look glamorous,\" explains Suman.But that doesn't make her a cougar, she says. \"Having separated from her husband, Aandalamma reaches out to a student for solace. My character is a dignified woman with her ethics intact. I fail to understand why we are we such a close-minded society and insist on labelling every relationship,\" she says.The actor is looking forward to playing more such roles. \"I never hold on to an image and have never been picky. These days heroines have no qualms about doing item numbers or negative roles,\" she says.But why don't we see Suman more often on screen? \"I don't want to have a release every two months. I'm neither out to chase stardom nor do I f a n cy seeing myself in the papers every day,\" she says.Despite having done films in Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Hindi, Suman feels she hasn't got her due. \"When people tell me, 'You should have been somewhere else,' the thought does cross my mind. I won't deny that I haven't thought about not getting my due,\" says Suman.Though it's been some time since the Bangalore girl entered tinsel town, Suman hasn't changed over the years. \"I did my first film when I was 14. I did movies with senior actors like Ambareesh and the late Shankar Nag, and hence people think that I am old. Girls my age are still working as heroines, including Aishwarya Rai Bachchan . And even if I party, I do so with a bottle of mineral water, which people choose to ignore,\" she states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785465", "title": "Retail real estate begins to look up in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Demand and absorption for real estate for retail segment in the city has seen a rise in the recent months.The segment, which had been languishing for a long time, has been showing signs of a comeback, thanks to appropriate property becoming available, reports have indicated. The asking rentals for retail space have however remained stable or even declined in certain locations, the reports added.The India Retail Market Review for July-December 2011 by real estate advisory firm CB Richard Ellis said the organised retail mall market witnessed an increase in absorption of retail space due to scarcity of quality retail supply in high street locations in Pune such as MG Road, JM Road and Aundh Road. Also encouraging the absorption were the affordable rental values, the report said.Mall developments witnessed absorption of almost 30 lakh sq ft of retail space during this review period, which was an increase from the previous review period. The report points out key developments that came on stream included Amanora Mall in Hadaspar, with a leasable area of around 1 million sq ft, Phoneix Market City (1 million sq ft) in Vimannagar and Pacific Mall (5,00,000 sq ft) at Swargate.Most importantly these malls witnessed entry of large number of premium overseas brands such as Swarovski, Steve Madden or Timberland and Clarks opening their first stores in the city. Homegrown retail players such as Reliance Digital, Sony and Canon too added new units to their existing locations, CBRE report said.The report said enhanced demand levels and lack of retail space led to a rental increment of almost 9-10% on MG Road, the most preferred high street location in the city. However, rental values remained stable in other high street destinations such as JM Road, Aundh and Koregaon Park, largely due to limited availability of good quality retail space.On the other hand, despite healthy absorption, the influx of a large supply pipeline led to a decline of almost 5-6% in rental values across the Eastern corridor of Nagar Road, Koregaon Park and Bund Garden Road. This was evident in operational as well as upcoming mall developments, the report added.The trend is in keeping with the emerging national picture that shows a higher confidence in retail segment on the back of hints of policy liberalisation. According to the CBRE, India witnessed addition of more than 15 million sq ft of organised retail mall space in the country in 2011. Of this, more than 9 million sq ft entered the country across various primary and secondary locations during the July-December 2011 period, the firm said. This was led by Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore and Chennai, accounting for 90% of the entire organised mall supply during the review period.Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director, CB Richards Ellis South Asia Pvt Ltd, \"The increased retail activity across key cities is an indication of the growing confidence of both domestic and international retailers in the India growth story. On the back of growing urbanisation and an increase in the acceptance of organised retail, retailers have been expanding their operations across the country. The government allowing 100% FDI in single brand retailing has been a welcome step, however the caveats put by the government like making it mandatory for retailers to source 30% of their requirements locally are a dampener on the announcement.\"Rajiv Malla, centre director, Phoenix Marketcity, which is developing a 3 lakh sq ft mall in the city, told TOI, that Pune is not only one of the fastest growing cities in the country but also has a vibrant retail life. Previously, Puneites were considered very traditional, conservative and price-conscious buyers who would shop at locations like Laxmi Road, seeking convenience. However, over the past couple of years, changing lifestyle, higher disposable income and greater affordability are instrumental in bringing about a sea change in Pune's consumer behavioral pattern. \"As a result, this city has also evolved in its retail category with increasing number of customers preferring the organised retail. Also, the city has a large number of working couples, migrants, DINK (Double Income and No Kid) and empty and full nests, who hold good disposable incomes and display an increasing an appetite for big brands.\"Sanjay Bajaj, managing director for Pune at Jones Lang LaSalle India said demand for retail spaces is extremely high in the Western side of Pune, which has yet to see the arrival of large-scale organised retail projects. This side of the city is being serviced by scattered mid-sized store formats which do not really fit the bill. This is largely because of the unavailability of sufficiently large land parcels suitable for mall development in this part of the city. Paradoxically, Eastern Pune is beset with an oversupply situation, with high competitiveness among existing players. \"The excess supply in Eastern Pune will take at least 2-3 years to be absorbed, which is how long it will take for residential and commercial space development in these parts to reach critical mass.In a broader context, Pune is more ready than ever to shop, with aspiration and the need for family shopping and entertainment consistent and growing. However, the city needs malls where they make the most sense.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784551", "title": "Vacant gen secy post in Rajasthan BJP to be filled soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP is hopeful that the post of state general secretary (organization) that has been lying vacant for the last three years, would be taken over by an RSS-deputy soon. Prakash Chand was the former state general secretary (organisation) who resigned in 2009 following the fiasco in elections. However, following a strained relationship between the BJP and the RSS, sparks of which were witnessed during the assembly polls 2008 and the Lok Sabha polls 2009, the post remained vacant.However, the announcement regarding an appointment is expected soon after the UP elections. The senior state leaders have initiated talks with the RSS with the state party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki recently visiting the state RSS headquarters.\"It is rather unfortunate that the post has been lying vacant for so long but an appointment would be made soon,'' said Solanki. According to sources, following the model in the neighbouring state of Madhya Pradesh, for the first time representatives would be appointed at the three regional centres of RSS. \"RSS representatives would be appointed at Jaipur, Jodhpur and Chittorgarh, which are regional centres for the Sangh and all the three would report to the state general secretary (organisation),'' said a senior leader.It is believed that by agreeing to make appointments in the near future, the RSS too is looking forward to a stronger hold and a major say in party matters, specially with the assembly elections scheduled for 2013 end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786292", "title": "Eflu under CBI scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: After Nalsar, it is another prestigious city institution, the English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu), which is facing serious charges of corruption and irregularities. The Central Bureau of investigation (CBI), following a probe, has found substance in the allegations made by students and faculty members last year.On Monday, a CBI team visited Eflu's Tarnaka campus and took possession of documents that they had used in their preliminary investigation.The executive council, scheduled to meet on February 9, is expected to discuss and adopt a resolution urging the Union human resources development ministry to institute a thorough probe into the irregularities committed in the recruitment of faculty and construction of buildings and wasteful expenditure of crores of rupees behind the purchase of electrical equipments currently lying unused.The CBI has, according to the report, looked into the alleged abuse of official position and misuse of funds in the purchase of furniture, printing machinery and the renovation of hostel buildings and the vice-chancellor's lodge.The investigative agency submitted its preliminary report in November 2011 and sent a copy to the Union HRD ministry. The university's new executive council is scheduled to discuss the issue at its first meeting on February 9. Eflu is India's only languages university.The preliminary CBI report states that the last vice-chancellor, A Maurya, had flouted norms in the recruitment of some professors and associate professors. The CBI report says: \"The then vice-chancellor had recommended that six readers/professors be appointed who had less experience (some of them had obtained the requisite educational qualification only after the issue of the notification).\" The report said that the VC had failed to adhere to the conditions laid down in the notifications for the said posts.The CBI has also found huge financial irregularities in the construction of hostels and identified an excess payment of Rs 43.48 lakh to a contractor. The same contractor also claimed another Rs 1.5 crore for the 'extra work' and was paid the amount without the university seeking any justification for it, the report said.The CBI found that M/S Balaji Constructions, a company owned by N Janardhan Rao, was extended undue favours in the race for contracts worth Rs 33 crore for which no tenders were invited.According to the report, tenders were invited for the addition of four floors to the existing structure of the women's and boys' hostels. The size of the initial tenders was Rs 6.93 crore and Rs 9.54 crore. But, after Balaji Constructions had been awarded the contract, the university brought changes to the planwhich pushed up construction costs to Rs 14.97 crore and 18.19 crore, respectively.The CBI found that the building committee had recommended that contractor in question be awarded the project without inviting tenders. As a result, the university had ended up paying an excess Rs 43.48 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787151", "title": "College bus runs into crowd, 1 killed", "text": "CHENNAI: A retired TNEB employee was killed and a woman was injured when a private college bus ran into a group of people in Ennore on Monday. G Senthil Kumar, the bus driver, was arrested.Around 6.15am, police said, Senthil Kumar lost control and the vehicle ploughed into the group at a bus stop. While Ponnaiah (75), a retired TNEB van driver of Ennore, came under the front wheels and died on the spot, Meena (45) was taken to a private hospital and then shifted to the Stanley Medical College Hospital where her condition is said to be stable. The bus stopped after hitting the median.The Madhavaram traffic investigation police registered a case and arrested Senthil Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786481", "title": "Over-the-top festivities frowned at by old-timers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city saw its biggest ever Milad-un Nabi celebrations this year with several crores pumped in to deck up the Old City for the festivities. Blankets of buntings and decorative lights covered every road and galli here even as music systems playing qawwalis and naats in full volume blared through loud speakers through the day. Massive processions too were taken out from across the city.But the scale of the celebrations and the song and dance that accompanied it have clearly not gone down well with the community elders and religious heads who have been strongly opposing this sudden change in observing Prophet Mohammad's birth anniversary. City old-timers said that until a few years ago Milad-un Nabi celebrations were restricted to making kheer-puri in households and a couple of jalsas (gatherings) outside. But in a recent phenomenon, the celebrations have gone for a makeover taking an un-Islamic turn, they note.\"Islam preaches that if there is a stone on the road, remove it. But in stark contrast, you are creating hurdles by obstructing the traffic movement and disturbing others by playing loudspeakers day and night,\" said Mehfooz Ahmed, a trader. He added that there was large scale pilferage of electricity as decorative lights were put up on streets, which the religion does not espouse. \"Milad should be celebrated but with restraint and sobriety,\" he added.What hurt this section of people the most was the installation of giant-sized models of holy monuments in some pockets of the Old City. There were some who were even doing the tawaf (circumambulating) around the models. \"There is no substitute to these sacred sites in Islam but the models were placed on the roads as part of the decorations. In their excitement, these people failed to distinguish what is right and what is wrong,\" said Afsar Ali Khan, a resident of Hussainialam. \"There is nobody to regulate and even otherwise, nobody is willing to be regulated,\" Khan added.In Yakutpura and Bada Bazaar alone, the spending on the decorations ran into several lakhs, residents said. \"It was a luxurious investment, but nothing for the development of the community,\" said Dr Ashraf Rafi, a resident of Yakutpura.While many feel that political groups were behind the loud celebrations, few others said that it's the influence of local cultures. \"Whatever other religions practice, the youth are trying to emulate,\" said Ziauddin Nayyar, secretary of the reception committee of Tameer-e-Millat, an organisation that has been conducting jalsa to mark the birth anniversary of the Prophet for over six decades. He noted that the fatwa banning song and dance during the celebrations was well-intentioned, but was issued late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11785895", "title": "Israeli couple suspected of being agents, to be deported", "text": "KOCHI: An Israeli couple who came to the city on March 3, 2010, will be deported for \"suspicious activities\". Shneor Zalman and Yaffa Shenoi came on a multiple-entry visa and rented a house on Rose Street, Fort Kochi, for Rs 50,000 per month, far higher than the market rate.\"Central intelligence got an alert about a covert operation being carried out by suspected Israeli agents after the 26/11 terror attacks in which south Mumbai's Chabad House came under attack and six Jews, including a Rabbi and his pregnant wife, were killed. A communication was sent to all states and it was our wing in Kerala that traced this couple at Fort Kochi,\" an intelligence officer here said.Indian agencies will question two suspected Israeli agents before they are deported. \"We have traced the couple's financial transactions. Preliminary investigations suggest similar Israelis are camping in various parts of the country,\" an official said.Duo were under lensIn their report, the state intelligence department said a group of people turned up at the couple's rented house regularly and held meetings.\"These meetings lasted for hours in the night. They were under close surveillance\".The deportation order was slapped on Zalman and Shenoi last Monday after undercover Kerala Police officers tracked them for a year, questioned them and filed a report to Ernakulam collector P I Sheik Pareeth.Shneor Zalman, born on September 2, 1984, and Yaffa Shenoi, born on January 27, 1988, entered the country on multiple-entry visas (one of them being AP 2569691). While Zalman's passport number is 13143659, Shenoi's is 11665711.Fort Kochi is a major hub for foreign tourists next to the neighbourhood of Mattancherry, famous for its Jew Town. This is the historical part of town where Jews set up their first trading outpost centuries ago and built the country's oldest synagogue in 1568.\"A monthly rent of Rs 50,000 is disproportionately high, even in Fort Kochi. This is one of the main factors that made us suspicious,\" the intelligence source said. \"They have been in the country from March 3, 2010. When their visas expired on March 3 last year, they went out and returned on April 1, 2011 on a new visa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "11785653", "title": "Maiden Gumla book fair ends", "text": "GUMLA: The first ever book fair organized by Samay India and National Book Fair Committee concluded on Sunday evening with a ghazal night. Besides students, people from all walks of life visited the nine-day book fair, which began on January 5.Noted Nagpuri litterateur Upendra Pal Singh \"Nahan\" said he visited the fair to get Ramkatha, a thesis work by late Fr Camil Bulcke. Books which were most preferred by the book lovers included Ramayana, Mahabharata, Madhushala and several other Hindi works of famous writers, added Sachin Kumar Singh of NBF.Different cultural programmes compounded the attraction which pulled people to the fair, said DDC Punai Oraon. \"Our objective is that books should reach every household. Both administration and public supported us in Gumla. We are going to organize the fair in almost all district headquarters of the state,\" said Chandra Bhushan, secretary of NBF.65 models in science exhibition: A science exhibition was organized by DAV School here in which 65 models on various topics, including space science, power generation and preservation of water, were presented by students of Classes VII to X.The most attractive and innovative model was on space application in which students Ayush Amber, Vivek Kumar and Nikhil used a laptop to explain how an astronaut could be controlled from the earth's surface. \"They bagged the first prize,\" said physics teacher Robin Kumar Adhikari.A model on hydroelectricity generation using copper to kick off sparking after water was allowed to fall on blades was also appreciated a lot. It was prepared by third prize winners Sonam Kumari and Rashmi Gupta, while the model on rain water harvesting by Boby Anish and Ashish won the second prize.The jury included Manoj Kumar of the physics department of Kartik OraonCollege Gumla and Amitabh Tiwari and D K Singh, teachers of chemistry and biology in DAV School.\"The models by the students proved that even in the first stage of learning of complicated principles of science and technology, they have tried to show their talent through their exercises,\" said school principal D K", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785945", "title": "Cong's future is bleak, says Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said the future of Congress is bleak and the party will suffer badly in the next Lok Sabha elections. Talking to media on the sidelines of the 'Janata Ke Durbar Mein Mukhya Mantri' programme, he said the public opinion across the country has turned against Congress.\"The Congress and the UPA government headed by it are neck deep in corruption,\" he said. But he refused to make a direct comment on the possible results of the UP assembly election. To a query about Priyanka Gandhi Vadra's statement that she might join politics full-time, Nitish said everybody has the right to join politics. He also declined to comment on Priyanka's statement that Rahul Gandhi was not after the office of prime minister.Regarding the vigilance move to confiscate the assets of BJP MLA Sonelal Hembrom, the CM said the move has been made under the Bihar Special Courts Act, which provides for confiscation of properties of public servants in connection with DA cases. \"The case has nothing to do with his present status of MLA but is an old case against him when he was a government official,\" he said. In two DA cases, properties of the officials have already been confiscated and more cases are in the courts, he added.At the Janata Durbar, where the CM received complaints related to home (police) and revenue and land reforms department, 28-year-old Nutan Kumari, who has been turned out of house by her husband, met him with her complaint. Kumari is sarpanch of Haibatpur panchayat in Begusarai district. She complained that she was tortured and kicked out by her husband. She also expressed dissatisfaction over the DIG's report on her previous complaint. The CM said she had been ditched by her husband but still enjoyed the support of the people who elected her as sarpanch. He said efforts are made in such cases for conciliation and counselling as per the rules. Since the Janata Durbar had been held after a long gap, there was a huge crowd. The CM met about a thousand people. All the zonal IGs were present at the durbar. A prominent leader of Nepali Congress, Pradeep Giri, who is also an MP, met the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786403", "title": "HUDA chief Praveen Kumar reassures DLF III residents", "text": "GURGAON: The residents of DLF Phase III got a chance to hand in their complaints about the poor security, illegal parking and encroachments in their area directly to the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, who was the chief guest at a function organized by DLF III RWA to launch the directory published by the RWA. The residents also took Praveen Kumar to various trouble spots in their colony and requested him to take necessary action to solve the problems.The residents of DLF III have been complaining to the authorities about their various problems but this this time around they got a chance to directly show them to the HUDA chief. Praveen Kumar visited a number of locations in DLF III where he saw a lot of encroachments. He also visited the cremation ground in T-Block, which is surrounded by a number of residential houses.He assured the RWA that necessary action would be taken to improve the living conditions in the colony. R P Singh, president of the RWA, said that the governing body of the RWA undertook an arduous task in compiling this directory with maximum details and telephone numbers not only of the members of the RWA but also of the government of Haryana, district administration of Gurgaon, the DLF management, various public utility services, etc. The function was attended by a number of the RWA members with their spouses, special invitees and advertisers. Releasing the directory, Praveen Kumar appreciated the efforts of the RWA in bringing it out and said it was very informative, educative and well prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786459", "title": "Kidnappers release Class III student", "text": "HYDERABAD: An eight-year-old boy who was kidnapped from Champapet on Sunday was set free by the abductors near his house on Monday morning.S Sujit Reddy, a standard III student, was kidnapped by three bike-borne miscreants from near his house in Champapet on Sunday evening. Sujit's father Rajasekhar Reddy runs the IOC petrol bunk in Karmanghat.\"Two persons lured the boy into getting onto a bike and sped off with him,\" Saroornagar inspector K Purnachandra Rao said.After kidnapping the boy, they took him to various places, including LB Nagar and Hasthinapur and, after getting Rajasekhar's mobile number from his son, began making ransom calls from phone booths.Initially, they demanded Rs 5 lakh as ransom but later settled on Rs 1 lakh for the boy's release. Meanwhile, three special teams, which were deployed to nab the criminals, zeroed in on one of the bikers in Hasthinapur.\"He managed to give police the slip but the kidnappers might have been scared into giving up the boy after they realized that the police was on their scent,\" assistant commissioner of police, LB Nagar, J Amarender Reddy said.One of the culprits called up the victim's father at 11am on Monday and said that the boy had been dropped off near Manda Mallamma Garden in Meerpet and was getting home in an autorickshaw.The abductors had not caused any harm to the boy. Nevertheless, police have booked a case under section 364-A (kidnapping) of the Indian Penal Code and launched a man-hunt to nab the kidnappers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11787582", "title": "Cops clueless on blaze trigger", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a 52-year-old marble dealer was burnt to death in his Wagon R, cops are yet to ascertain what sparked the fire. The incident was reported around 1.30am near the Old Dwarka underpass under the Delhi cantonment police station. The deceased has been identified as Pawan Kumar Gupta, a resident of Sector 9 in Rohini. He was on his way home from the IGI Airport when the incident occurred. The family was informed about the incident only on Sunday.Possibly a spark in the engine triggered the blaze, said fire officials. An FSL team from Rohini visited the spot and inspected the vehicle. \"We will begin investigations only after receiving the FSL report,'' said A K Ojha, DCP (southwest).Police said the car was registered with a financial company owned by the family and they could identify the totally burnt body after checking the chasis number with the RTO. Ojha confirmed that prima facie, it looked like an accidental fire.Gupta's son Ankur told TOI that his father rarely drove the Wagon R preferring to travel in his Qualis.\"On Saturday, my father got a call from one of his friends was waiting for him at the airport. He rushed to the airport but forgot his mobile phone at home. Unfortunately, he couldn't call anyone when he was trapped inside the car,'' said Ankur.Ankur also said that the car didn't have an automatic lock. \"I cannot understand what happened. How could he not spot the fire,\" he said.Cops said they will contact the car manufacturers to shed some light on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787060", "title": "PU scuffle: 3 to be debarred from polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what could come as a jolt to student politics on Panjab University campus, three students involved in Friday's scuffle at Student Centre are all set to be debarred from participating in student polls this year.A report on the brawl between members of arch rivals Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) and Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) at the Student Centre was submitted to the PU Dean Student Welfare on Monday by a committee.Claiming it to be a gimmick by student organizations to gain mileage, the university security has slated that the fight occurred for \"90 seconds\". However, tightening the noose on offenders PU is set to impose penalty on three SOPU supporters identified by the committee. These include SOPU president Vikramjeet Singh and his accomplices, while certain \"outsiders\" were also identified from both PUSU and SOPU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785306", "title": "17L students to appear for HSC exam, 13L for SSC", "text": "PUNE: Over 17 lakh students will sit for the higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) examination starting on February 21 and 13.46 lakh will appear for the secondary school certificate (SSC, std X) examination scheduled from March 1 across the state. Every paper will be followed by an off day during both examinations, as was done last year. The SSC students will have to score a minimum of 25% marks in written examination of science and technology and Mathematics subjects for passing.The examination is being conducted by the Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education in nine divisions - Pune, Nagpur, Aurangabad, Mumbai, Kolhapur, Amravati, Nashik, Latur and the newly added Konkan division.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the board, said: \"For the HSC exam, 4.22 lakh students will appear in science faculty, 5.15 lakh students in arts, 3.48 in commerce and 59,211 students in minimum competency vocational course.\"For the environment subject 40 marks will be given for project and 60 marks for written exam. It will be mandatory for both SSC and HSC students to score a minimum of 14 marks in project and 21 marks in written exam to pass the subject. The exam will be conducted by the respective school or college and the marks will be converted to grades and sent to the board.From this year onwards, the SSC exam for mathematics and science and technology will be conducted as per the new syllabus. The science and technology exam will be conducted in two parts (Paper I and Paper II), but both papers will be held in the same session. The written examination will carry 30 marks for each paper, while 20 marks have been allotted for practicals to be conducted by the school. The remaining 20 marks will be given for a multiple choice question paper, which will also be conducted by the schools.The information technology exam for HSC will be conducted online by the junior college and 74,387 students have enrolled for it from 936 colleges across the state.In order to pass language subjects, SSC students will have to score a total of 105 marks. Multiple question paper system will be followed for English, second and third languages and general maths (Part I and II) for the SSC exam and for English for the HSC exam. Students with disability will be given concessions. But these students are allowed to use only the same writer for all subjects.The board has made elaborate arrangements to avoid malpractices during the examination. Flying and sitting squads, CCTV cameras and monitoring committees under the chairmanship of district collectors have been set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786468", "title": "School bus rams electric pole, parked cars in Sec 27", "text": "GURGAON: In a miraculous turn of events, over 30 schoolchildren escaped unhurt after their school bus lost control and damaged four parked cars and then hit a live electric pole in Sector 27 on Monday morning. The police have registered a case of rash and negligent driving against the driver of the public school - Sun City School - in Sector 54. No one was reported injured in the incident, confirmed the police. The incident took place outside house number 493 in Sector 27 at 8am. The driver rammed into four parked cars - an SX4, a Getz, a Scorpio and a Wagon R - parked along the boundary wall of the house. According to the house owner, V K Khanna, a senior bank official, the turn right next to his house is dangerous as one cannot judge an oncoming vehicle due to a sharp bend in the road.The Sector 29 police have registered a case under Sections 279, 336 and 427 of the IPC for rash and negligent driving and causing loss to public property on the complaint of Manish Kumar. \"The accident could have proved fatal with the bus hitting an electric pole carrying live wires. There were school children in the bus at the time of the incident and it could have been catastrophic,\" said Khanna. The children were promptly removed from the bus by residents and passersby, said the police. The driver has been identified as Sukhbir, a resident of Wazirabad village in Gurgaon.Interestingly, the driver is an experienced ex-serviceman, said the police. He has been missing since the time of the incident. \"We have launched a manhunt and will nab the driver soon,\" said the Sector 29 SHO, Jagdish Prasad. Meanwhile, in a statement issued by Sun City School via an e-mail, the bus met with an accident in Sector 27 due to a technical problem which the mechanic/company needs to verify. The incident took place on a sharp narrow turn in the residential area of Sec- 27. \"School authorities reached the site without delay and examined the reasons for the accident and found that it was due to an unexpected snag. The school appreciates the commendable job done by the driver- which was shown through his presence of mind during the incident and not a single injury has taken place.The driver is an ex-serviceman with a vast experience of 25 years in driving heavy vehicles,\" read the statement. The school authorities also maintained that notwithstanding the above, the school has painstakingly maintained high standard in transport. \"It not only inculcates a sense of solemn responsibility but also driving skills, etiquettes and a 'road sense' which are top priority issues with the school and we undergo regular driving courses from time to time...\" and added that a genuine predicament should not be misconstrued, as negligence or blunder committed. Meanwhile, the traffic police had issued 2,626 challans against school bus drivers in the past 12 months against 111 challans in 2010 after the district administration cracked the whip on schools to adhere to court guidelines. This check has brought down the number of accidents involving school buses to just two in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11785611", "title": "Out-of-school kids tripled due to 2009 floods", "text": "BANGALORE: The number of children out of school in Karnataka has tripled in a year. One of the main reasons was the floods that cripplrf life in northern parts of the state in 2009.The annual report of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) for 2010-11 says of 66,26,413 children in the 7-14 age group in the state, 1,11,218 - 1.67% - remained out of school. This figure includes 80,149 children who dropped out. The rest never enrolled.Interestingly, the number of children out of school increased suddenly in 2010 after dropping to 35,000 the year before. The three-fold rise in this number is attributed to floods in northern Karnataka. \"The 2009 deluge threw up a large number of destitutes who became out-of-school children,\" the report says.Another possible factor for the rise in number of children out of school is the Right to Education Act, eading to an urgency to capture these figures. Before this, there was a marginal increase, from 75,000 to 93,000, in the 2007 census. This was attributed in intensified efforts in tracking kids.However, the number of out-of-school children has dropped drastically over 10 years from 10.22 lakh in 2001, indicating that Karnataka is on its way to achieve 100% enrolment. That is how, the figure of never enrolled children is quite low as compared to dropouts. The ratio between the two is 28:72 for every 100 children.The major challenges remain the usual culprits of having to run a family; household work (28,004) and earning compulsion (14,844) were cited. Migration was the second biggest cause. It kept off 20,520 from schools. Socio-cultural reasons, lack of access and non-flexibility in the school system were other factors. 5,000 students chose to remain off the system because of failure and lack of interest.Though the figure (1.11 lakh) is for 34 education districts of the state, bulk of out-of-the-school children is in 7 districts of the state's northeastern region. Districts like Raichur, Bijapur, Bidar, Yadgir, Gulbarga, Koppal and Bagalkot account for 55,247 children, nearly 50% of the incidence in the state.Out-of-the school children is worrisome among Scheduled Castes (3.88% boys and 15.77% girls). Muslims (10.50% boys and 8.42% girls) are the other large cluster among out-of-school children. Scheduled Tribes contribute to 12% and minorities to 2%. However, it's decreasing among SCs and OBCs.An SSA study had said that 79% of dropouts obtained C/C+ at the time of exit, 17% B/B+ and 4% A/A+ degree. 55% of dropouts leave school at I/II standards. The figure is 60% in Gulbarga and Raichur districts. Another 18% leave at the end of class 3. At least 446 dropouts were identified from 25 schools in Gulbarga, Raichur, Yadgir, Chamrajnagar and Tumkur across classes 1 to 8 from 2002-'03 to 2009-'10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11786062", "title": "Vijai kick-starts poll campaign with accolades from CM", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Digambar Kamat on Monday gave a huge boost to the election campaign of Vijai Sardesai, the Fatorda ticket aspirant from the Congress party, as he praised the work Sardesai had been doing for the last four-and-a-half years and urged the crowd to vote for him at the forthcoming assembly electionsKamat reminded the public who had gathered on the ground near Our Lady of Rosary church, Fatorda, that Sardesai had worked towards the development of Fatorda tirelessly, despite not being the sitting MLA. Furthermore, Sardesai, while addressing a crowd that consisted of over 200 people, mostly women, said that while Fatorda had been totally neglected in the last so many years, he would transform and make Fatorda a model for the rest of Goa.According to Fatorda Congress block workers, Sardesai culminated his door-to-door campaign and kick-started his election campaign on Monday and were positive that the people of Fatorda were ready for and wanted \"change\".The Congress party is yet to declare the name of the candidate for Fatorda. Responding to a query from mediapersons, Kamat stated that it was the policy of national parties to announce the names of their candidates in phases.Other local leaders such as former mahila Congress president Monica Dias, Margao Municipal Council (MMC) deputy chairperson Gonsaco Rebello, councillor Joseph Silva and ex-councillors Ramdas Hazare and Camilo Barretto were present at the public meeting. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785501", "title": "Non-bailable warrants against cops", "text": "KANPUR: A judicial officer issued non-bailable warrants against four policemen, including an SI for non-compliance of court orders.The court also wrote a letter to DIG and asked him to get these policemen arrested and produced in the court on March 3.The cops were identified as sub-inspector Shankar Lal Tripathi, presently posted at Sitapur, constable Munnan, presently posted at CBI in Lucknow, Subhash Pandey posted in Auriaya and Jai Naryan Pandey posted at Akbarpur.Additional district and sessions judge Avinash Saxena stated that their act shows that these cops had no respect for court orders. Search warrants against all the cops had been enclosed with the letter to arrest them at any cost. The case was almost 20 years old the high court is monitoring it.One Dhananjay Singh of Kakadeo was nabbed at Naronha crossing by these cops on February 16,1990 and they had fabricated a false case and documents to extract money from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11786790", "title": "BJP allowed to take out \u2018Vikas Yatra\u2019 despite Section 144", "text": "INDORE: Giving the short shrift to prohibitory orders it had clamped under Section 144 of IPC in Badnawar after a communal spat, the local administration allowed the BJP to take out its political procession, the Vikas Yatra, in neighbouring Dhar district.The prohibitory orders in force after a communal clash do not allow more than five to congregate, but 300 BJP workers were allowed to take out their political yatra, which the local SDM claimed was because \"they had applied for permission in advance.\"Badnawar is still tense after a communal tension owing to clashes between the two groups in which five persons were seriously injured. Badnawar's MLA (Congress) Rajvardhansingh Premsingh Dattigaon alleged the district administration was under pressure from the BJP government. He said the administration which had not allowed even a small group of three to four persons to hand over a memorandum to the police, had allowed a complete yatra to pass through the city, especially when it was tense.BJP state president Prabhat Jha was not available to comment. According to a police official three processions were allowed to go through the main city in Badnawar on Sunday. Milad-ul-Nabi procession by Muslim Community, a procession of Vishwakarma Society and the Vikas Yatra by the BJP. He said around 300 people participated in Vikas Yatra which passed through main road of the city, while the two other processions were allowed to pass the same way later. SDM Kailash Vankhede said that Section 144 is still in force. Asked how the processions were allowed, he said that religious processions were to be given that privilege. However, when categorically asked if the Vikas Yatra was a religious activity, he said it was allowed because prior permission was taken for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786535", "title": "Gandhi statue to inspire students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy unveiled a bronze statue of Mahatma Gandhi at Cotton Hill Girls Higher Secondary School, Vazhuthacaud on Monday. The statue was the initiation of the PTA planning committee to evoke in the students the ideals of Gandhiji.This exemplary leader whose credo of truth and non violence has rung at the farthest corners of the world.\"The statue stands for everything Gandhiji stood for; his virtues and ideals; and the students would be reminded of the noble messages he had preached and practiced in his life,\" said the school principal Mini S. \"Though the statue is symbolic of the ideals of Gandhiji and has been set up in the school ground, it is important the ideals of such legendary leaders be taught in classrooms.It is a very materialistic world out here and Gandhiji's principles of simplicity and austerity should be disseminated among the children, the future citizens of this country,\" says faculty member Waheeda Salim. Minister for transport and devaswom V S Sivakumar presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785192", "title": "Debt-stricken auto driver dies, suicide suspected", "text": "NASHIK: Succumbing to the pressure of repaying a debt of Rs five lakh, Sharad Aher, a 32 -year-old rickshaw driver, is suspected to have committed suicide near Gorewadi in Nashik Road.His wife, Kalpana Aher, however thinks that he may have been killed by the people with whom he worked about a year ago. Aher was found dead on the railway tracks, when Kaplana had been to the Upanagar police station to lodge a missing complaint of her husband.Kalpana stated in the complaint, that her husband was working at Om Bajrang Finance, a finance firm. The director of Om Bajrang, Kiran Kapse, had charged Sharad of misappropriating Rs 13 lakh. A year back, her husband had left the job but was still repaying the debt. She said Kapse used to beat him up and had forcibly taken his signatures on blank bond papers and blank cheques.Kalpana also said her husband had paid Rs seven lakh, but Kapse was demanding Rs five lakh more. Succumbing to the pressure, Sharad Aher is believed to have comm-itted suicide.Speaking to TOI, Kalpana said that she also suspected that her husband may have been murdered. \"On Saturday evening at around 8.30 pm, my husband called me up and told me that he was coming home. However, after some time, Manish Jadhav, a man who works in the same company as my husband, surprisingly came to our house asking for Sharad. Suspecting that something untoward may have happened, I rushed to the Upanagar police station to lodge a complaint, where I got the information that my husband had committed suicide,\" said Kalpana Aher.She said, Sharad was a rickshaw driver. It was four to five years back that he had got the job with Om Bajrang, which, according to her provides loans to people and recovers the same through daily collection from petty businessmen or hawkers. The Nashik Road police have arrested Kiran Kapse, Babaji Ugale and Manish alias Monty Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11785500", "title": "Nomadic tribes set to turn dairy farmers", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the narikurava community, who largely eke out a living selling beads and needles, could soon don the role of dairy farmers. Efforts are on by the Madurai district administration to set up a dairy farm exclusively for narikuravas, a nomadic community on the bottom of the social and economic pyramid.District collector U Sagayam said on Monday that the milk farm will be set up in Sakkimangalam village where this community lived in large numbers. They would be given cattle on bank loans and subsidies from NABARD. \"We are planning to provide around 100 milch animals for the community, which otherwise depends upon selling beads and needles during festivals. It will provide the members an opportunity to settle in one place and will provide them a source of livelihood,\" he said. The state government has been working for years to provide a better livelihood options for the narikuravas.While various welfare schemes are aimed at empowering the community, the government is also keen to provide them with formal education despite the challenge from their wandering nature. \"Officials are preparing the feasibility report of the project and it will be launched very soon,\" Sagayam said.R Maheswari, co-ordinator, Tamil Nadu Nomadic Tribes Federation said that though it was a good project proposed by the collector, it should be a collective effort and all officials should help for the success of the project. \"Most of the time, we have seen officials not responding in a proactive manner when it comes to nomadic tribes. We have seen many of such projects merely abandoned at later stages,\" she pointed out.There are about 1,000 families from different tribes living in Sakkimangalam village. There are narikuravas, kattunaickers, aadhiyans, sholagas and pudugajangamas in the village but they were wrongly classified into SC, MBC. \"We are pleading the government to create a department to look into the issues of nomadic tribes numbering more than 40 in this state,\" she said.Earlier in the day, Sagayam distributed free land titles for 32 families of aadhiyan community who are popularly known as 'Boom boom mattukaran,' (fortune tellers with bulls), from Sakkimangalam village. District administration had earlier given free land titles to around 50 families of 'pudugajangamam' community (who beg by whipping themselves) present in the village, last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11786043", "title": "In Mattannur, real estate is big business", "text": "KANNUR: The fate of Kannur airport is uncertain but the dream merchants are betting big on the real estate. Ever since the project was announced, land prices have hit the roof in Mattannur town and its adjacent rural areas.Land brokers have sprouted in the region and some have even formed their own associations, which are affiliated to major trade unions. Recently a 2.5-cent plot of land was sold for Rs 1.25 crore in Mattannur town. This has made the people selling the land demand unrealistic prices of Rs 35 lakh to Rs 50 lakh a cent in the town.\"Even if you are willing to pay the quoted price, you may not be able to get the land,\" said a real estate agent who is also a small-time Congress worker. \"The land mafia has fixed the price and the land is in the hands of a few people including some political leaders.\"Land mafia employs a unique way to buy land and push the prices up. They first buy the plots with road frontage and then grab the land from the people in the interior areas. In Velliyamparambu, a group of people bought 13 acres of land with road frontage a few years back. Gradually they bought land under various names and now a group of people own around 40 acres.The high prices, according to him, are a creation of the real estate brokers. In Keezhallur panchayat including Moorkhanparamba where the airport is coming up, the land price was as low as Rs 3,000-Rs 5,000 a cent till a few years ago. Now it has touched an unrealistic Rs 1.5 lakh. Even before the land acquisition process for airport began in 2007-08, the price rose to Rs 25,000.In Veliyamparambu locality, where major chunks of land have been acquired for airport, the land price was around Rs 55,000 for a cent till two years back. It is now hovering around Rs 88,000-Rs 1,00,000. Even in the interior parts the price is close to Rs 60,000 a cent.From Rs 850-900 a cent in 1992-93, the land prices have touched Rs 1.5 lakh in Kolathurparamba and Pachakkal localities. According to a local real estate agent the land was just around Rs 35,000 five years ago. Agents say inflow of black money in the region is high. And so people are hesitant to sell their properties even if they are offered big money. On Kannur-Mattannur road, depending on the locality, the land price is between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 5 lakh a cent. Before the land acquisition project for the airport began, the price was around Rs 25,000 to 50,000.Till 4-5 few years back, the land price on the sides of the panchayat roads at Kotheri, Kara-Peravoor, Elampara and other nearby places which are around 5 km from the proposed airport land, the price was around Rs.10,000-Rs 15,000 a cent. Now the prices have crossed Rs 1.25 lakh a cent.Even in the pocket roads, the price is Rs 10 lakh a cent and people are not willing to sell their property expecting the price to further rise. In the interiors of the town, the land price was around 1.6 lakh till one year back, say the residents.\"The agents are so strong here that you cannot purchase even a cent of land here without the middlemen,\" says Ramadas T M, a resident of Ilampara in the panchayath. \"The price is so huge and ordinary people cannot afford to buy it.\"Land deals have become a big-time business. But nobody knows how an airport project will develop the region. Some people even ask, \"How will a plane flying over our head change our lives?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "google's doodle today celebrates british author charles dickens' 200th birthday. the doodle features characters from his literary works", "code": "11789672", "title": "Charles Dickens' 200th birthday: Google remembers the novelist with a doodle", "text": "Google's doodle today celebrates British author Charles Dickens' 200th birthday. The Doodle features characters from his literary works: Ebenezer Scrooge from The Christmas Carol and Pip from Great Expectations.Unlike other Doodles which takes users to related news and search results, today's doodle leads users to Google Books search results page listing Dickens' popular novels.The British author, who created unforgettable characters like Oliver Twist and David Copperfield , wrote several novels during his lifetime including classics like A Tale of Two Cities and Nicholas Nickleby. Most of his novels focused on the hardships faced by the poor and working class during industrial revolution.Dickens was born in Landport, Hampshire in England on February 7, 1812. At a young age of 12, Dickens was forced to work in a blacking factory, attaching labels to bottles of polish.Google Doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first Google Doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin Google in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival. Google currently has over 1000 Doodles.Google also has a dedicated website that features over 1,000 doodles, some of which include a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process and links to the interactive versions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11787588", "title": "Trains diverted due to interlocking work", "text": "VARANASI: Due to the interlocking work going on at Ahimanpur railway station, a number of trains of North Eastern Railways (NER) have been rescheduled or diverted.According to NER spokesperson, the train number 55127 and 55128 between Varanasi and Allahabad will remained cancelled on February 12. On the other hand, Train number 11061, which will depart from Lokmanya Tilak Terminal on February 11 and was schedule to reach Muzaffarpur on February 12 via Allahabad-Allahabad city- Maduadeeh-Varanasi will be diverted from its regular route and will be running via Allahabad-Prayag-Fafamau-Janghai-Varanasi.}Similarly train number 12791 (Sikandarabad-Patna Express) which will deaprt from Sikandarabad on February 11 will reach Patna via Allahabad-Prayag-Fafamau-Janghai-Varanasi and train number 12792 (Patna Sikandarabad Express) which will depart from Patna on February 12 will run via Varanasi-Janghai-Fafamau--Prayag-Allahabad.At the same time, train number 12333 (Vibhuti EXpress) Howrah-Allahabad City Vibhuti Express departing from Howrah on February 11 will be terminated in Varanasi instead of Allahabad. While the down Vibhuti Express (train number 12334) will get boarded by passengers at Varanasi instead of Allahabad on February 12.The NER has also rescheduled some passenger trains. The passenger train from Maduadih to Allahabad city (train number 55125) will depart at 5:30 am than its schedule time of 6:15 am on February 12, while on the same day, the passenger train from Allahabad city to Maduadih (train number 55126) will depart at 5:40 am than its schedule time of 6:25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787135", "title": "Security up for President Pratibha Patil\u2019s visit to Chandigarh today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Police have tightened security arrangements in the wake of President Pratibha Patil's visit to the city on Tuesday.Patil is scheduled to arrive at Chandigarh airport on Tuesday evening and will leave for a town in Haryana on Wednesday morning. The police, on Monday, carried out a rehearsal on the route from airport to Haryana Raj Bhawan, where she will stay on Tuesday night.\"We are conducting raids at all hotels, Panjab University hostels and other places, where anti-social elements can hide. Police have set up 12 check posts in the city,\" said deputy superintendent of police (law and order) Ashish Kapoor.Around 900 cops will be on security duty on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "11785789", "title": "18 villagers held for blocking JSPL roads in Angul", "text": "ANGUL: Tension mounted at Angul on Monday following the arrest of 18 Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) affected villagers by police on charges of blocking JSPL transportation road near Ramadiha village, under Nisha Silpanchala police limits. Thousands of affected villagers staged a demonstration in front of the district collector's office, demanding immediate release of the arrested villagers on Monday.Manasa Kumar Pal, an activist of Birankeswara Silpanchala Kshyatigrasta Praja Sangha (BSKPS), said the villagers were protesting peacefully when police arrested them.In protest against the police action, BSKPS took out a huge rally on Monday and demonstrated before the district collectorate, demanding immediate release of arrested the villagers. Thousands of affected villagers, including women , took part in the demonstration.The organization has called a 12-hour bandh on February 7, demanding fulfillment of all 20 points of their demands. Meanwhile, the agitation by the affected villagers entered 14{+t}{+h} day on Monday, sources said. The villagers have been mainly agitating for higher compensation for their land acquired by the company and for adequate jobs under the project.Angul SP Satyabrata Bhoi said the agitators were blocking the JSPL gates illegally and a tripartite talk has already been held in which JSPL authorities agreed to fulfill 13 of their demands. Another date has been fixed for a discussion after the panchayat elections are over, despite which the villagers are blocking the JSPL gates, the SP added.The JSPL authorities had agreed to fulfill some of the villagers' demands in talks held between the affected villagers, JSPL and the district administration. The villagers though continued their agitation, blocking other transportation roads of JSPL campus, sources said. After the high court order to lift blockades, the affected villagers had opened only two entry points, leading to residential colonies on the JSPL campus.\"We have detained 18 people on charges of violating laws,\" the SP said. Heavy security arrangements have been made for the bandh, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11784969", "title": "VNIT forms eco club to sustain natural resources in its premises", "text": "NAGPUR: The vast expanses and well-kempt premises of many educational institutions has become a factor of pride for the neighbourhood. Few such institutes, however, make concerted efforts towards sustaining the natural resources within their premises. Some students and teachers of Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology ( VNIT) have formed an eco club to do just that.Flagged off on the Republic Day with a symbolic tree plantation drive, the club plans to conduct a survey of the biodiversity within the campus. Efforts would also be made to attempt minimizing the waste produced and optimizing the resources utilized for day-to-day activities in the institution.\"The main aim to start the club was to generate awareness about green development among the aspiring engineers and architects and to make them more sensitive towards environment,\" said Rajshree Kotharkar, one of the teachers, in-charge of the club. The teacher from the architecture department also informed that her students had done a green audit of the campus that would provide the basis of the pet project of the club.Environmental engineering teacher Ajay Tembhurkar, another teacher in-charge, believes that this club would not only be a learning experience but also a fruitful exercise for the students. \"We would also be ensuring to reduce the institutional waste coming in from the hostel as well as the office ,\" he said.\"Our campus is renowned for the many species of birds that are housed here. Spread for over 200-acre, there is much greenery all around. If we could map all of it, there would be scope of projecting the biodiversity within the campus in different ways,\" said Parag Nathaney, chief coordinator of the club. He opined that a photo album of the natural beauty of the campus was on the anvil and perhaps, even a nature safari. He also informed that in the near future, the club also plans spreading awareness on issues of environment in various schools across the city and sharing their technical skills.\"Water and energy are the main areas towards which the club would be working. We would be dedicated towards working out action plans regarding rain water harvesting, e-waste recycling and plantations in the long run,\" said Priyank Jain, treasurer of the club.There are also plans of putting up dustbins at various places in the campus to optimize the waste collection in the college at the club's expenses. Especially near the hostels, where all kinds of waste are produced, different dustbins for biodegradable and recyclable waste would be put up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "11785773", "title": "Rebels regrouping in Jangalmahal", "text": "JHARGRAM: A day after a Maoist guerrilla was gunned down at a forest in Jhargram, security forces and intelligence agencies have reasons to fear that some senior rebel leaders have sneaked into Jangalmahal to reorganize the cadres and they are plotting an attack to boost up party morale in the state.Intelligence officers hinted that the red brigade have regained their lost ground in some Jharkhand villages bordering Banspahari area in the past few months. At the same time, rebels are trying to move from Odisha where they have a considerable presence.According to police sources, veteran Maoist leader Madan Mahato and woman squad leader Jaba were present at the encounter site at Madhupur village of Binpur II block, where one Maoist squad member Judhistir Mahato was gunned down on Sunday. Police hinted that the squad comprising 12-14 guerrillas was the advance party of the senior Maoist leader's platoon who is planning to hold meetings in Belpahari villages.Late on Sunday, police informed Judhistir alias Arjun's family about his death and his widow mother Fulrani identified her son from a photograph. Fulrani told police that around eight years ago, police arrested Arjun for his alleged links with the Maoists and he returned home after spending 18 months behind the bars. However, he left home five years back and kept no contact with his family since then. Arjun's family members claimed his body and police assured to hand over the corpse after post mortem.Meanwhile, cops rounded up Ganesh Soren from Katasai village of Nayagram for his alleged links with the Maoists. Middle-aged Soren was the vice-chairman of local LAMPS cooperative. Police claimed that 70 crude bombs and some urea stored for making IED have been recovered from his possession and he was working for Maoist squad leader Ranjan Munda at Nayagram. He was produced before the Jhargram court on Monday and was remanded to judicial custody for two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784952", "title": "Man deported for illegal stay in UK", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He managed to extend his visitor visa for travelling to London without even going to the UK embassy. 32-year-old Jayesh Patel's trick failed after UK immigration officials found that he had wrongly extended his visa.Patel, son of a farmer from Borsad, was jailed for three months in London, before he was deported to Ahmedabad on Sunday night. He arrived in an Air India London-Mumbai-Ahmedabad flight. Ahmedabad airport immigration officials handed over Patel to Sardarnagar police station officials who have booked him for forgery and illegal immigration.Patel told police that he flew to London in 2006 on a six-month visitor visa. \"In London, he met a visa agent Ronak Patel, who managed to get him an extension, without him coming back to India. When UK agencies caught him three months back, they found his passport didn't have the departure and arrival stamps proving that he traveled to India again for extending the visa,\" said a Sardarnagar police station official.Police officials said that since last six years, Patel had been doing odd jobs. He paid a hefty amount to Ronak to get the visa illegally.\"We will write to the UK high commission in India to verify the visa and also inform them about Ronakextend the visa without coming to India,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11785681", "title": "CBI fetes 10 officers for 2G scam probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a recognition of the job done by CBI officials working on the 2G scam case, as many as 10 of them feature among 40 outstanding investigators felicitated by agency director AP Singh at a ceremony specially held for the purpose.Investigating officer of the 2G spectrum scam case, Superintendent of Police Vivek Priyadarshi, and nine officers on the 2G team were commended by the CBI director.The recognition came days after Supreme Court ordered the cancellation of 121 licences -- something that has been seen by many as an endorsement of the findings of CBI and other agencies.Others in Priyadarshi's team who were given commendation certificates and cash rewards were DSPs Rajesh Chahal, V M Mittal and S K Sinha, Inspectors Shyam Prakash, Manoj Kumar , Anil Bisht, Vikas Pathak and Pankaj Bansal and Sub-Inspector Alok Kumar. The other 30 officers felicitated included members of investigating teams of Obalapuram mining case, AIIMS paper leak case and officers from different zones of CBI.Singh complimented the officers, saying they had worked hard and this exercise would be continued every year to motivate officers. The team investigating the 2G spectrum scam had arrested former telecom minister A Raja, naming him the prime accused in its chargesheet.The team verified lakhs of documents of various ministries including law ministry, home ministry, finance ministry, telecom ministry and documents seized during raids from accused persons and companies, and sent several letter rogatories to different countries.\"The 2G team did elaborate investigations into the scam and they are still probing sensitive issues including spectrum allocation during Pramod Mahajan's tenure and allegations against Dayanidhi Maran ,\" a senior CBI officer who is not involved with the case said.In January, the CBI director had thanked Rajasthan and Maharashtra police for their support and coordination in solving the Bhanwari Devi abduction-cum-murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785918", "title": "Maximum leprosy cases in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar accounts for maximum number of leprosy cases in the country with a prevalence rate of 1.12 per 10,000. It has more than 11,000 leprosy cases at present, which accounts for 14% of the total leprosy cases in the country. Under the new cases category, Bihar's accounts for 16.20% cases.Among various states and Union territories in the country, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Dadar &amp; Nagar Haveli are the only ones yet to eliminate leprosy. Incidentally, elimination implies less than 1 case per 10,000 population. This is the situation despite the fact that multi-drug treatment (MDT) of leprosy cases was launched in the state in 1991. MDT makes leprosy non-contagious within 24 hours, implying that a leprosy patient doesn't infect another person after this period once treatment begins. MDT has been made available by WHO free of charge to all patients worldwide since 1995, and provides a simple yet highly effective cure for all types of leprosy.Though, under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme (NLEP), the Centre and state governments have been providing free diagnosis and treatment of the disease, treatment of the disabilities and medical rehabilitation of the affected people, the state requires more focused approach to eliminate the disease. There are about 40 leprosy colonies in the state. Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha, admitted there have been cases of the disease reoccurring in areas earlier declared leprosy-free.The state had reported low level of fund utilization for leprosy treatment in recent years, according to a National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) report. NRHM has advised the state to carry out in-depth situational analysis in districts or blocks reporting large number of new cases and take suitable action, which include ensuring completion of treatment in each of the new detected cases, enhancing awareness of the community to improve self-reporting of suspected cases to health facilities and carrying out family contact survey against all multi-bacillary and child cases.To have more intensive campaign against leprosy under the 12th Five-Year plan starting from 2012, India intends to start WHO's child-to-child policy under which school students will be taught to identify patches on the skin of their classmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11787603", "title": "Poor evaluation will affect job prospects, say UoM students", "text": "MYSORE: The collective angst of degree students studying English literature being treated badly by the University of Mysore surfaced on Monday, with the students petitioning the varsity seeking justice. The varsity has now decided to show them the answer scripts and allow them to decide their next course of action but has refused to reevaluate the scripts on its own and free of cost.With the university toughening its stand, the fate of 400-odd students hangs in balance. The saving grace is that the university has not yet issued the notification announcing the timetable for re-evaluation and paper seeing. It is expected to be issued in mid-February, allowing the aggrieved students to decide what to do next.On Monday, the agitated students from the city colleges and Hassan approached vice-chancellor V G Talawar complaining to him that the evaluation was lackadaisical. Talawar made them sit at the Pareeksha Bhavan and listened to their grievances. He told them he will look into their complaints and arrange for the students to see the answer scripts. But he refused to reevaluate the answer scripts en masse. \"We will show them their answer scripts on Friday. If they are not satisfied with the marks awarded, they can apply for reevaluation. We'll not do it on our own,\" he told The Times of India. He, however, said the varsity is not at fault and defended the evaluators.The Semester V English literature students are agitated that they have been given poor marks. This comes on a day when the V-C met English professors of the varsity's constituent colleges as the issue snowballed into a controversy. After he met the agitated students, he summoned the meeting of the English professors and discussed the issue with him.Meanwhile, the students who have fared badly or flunked continued to target the evaluators saying they have not done their job properly. What has upset them is that they have been treated badly when they are planning for the future. \"This will affect our job prospects too,\" said a student from St Philomena's College. \"There are job opportunities for us and those who have cleared all papers till Semester V stand a good chance to log a job. But the varsity has put us in a quandary,\" a student told TOI.It is Paper 5 and Paper 6 which has hit majority of the students who have fared poorly or failed. The students are required to get 40 marks in each of the three papers in Semester V to clear the papers. Some 10% of the 400-plus students have passed. Another student, who scored over 60% in English literature in four semesters, said: \"Suddenly my percentage has dropped to 47. Why is this so? The evaluation is faulty.\" According to her, the evaluation of literary criticism paper is poor. The critical analysis of the student also has been looked down upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789816", "title": "Welcome party for Christel DeHaan", "text": "When philanthropist Christel DeHaan arrived in Bangalore recently, she was treated to a dinner party at a city hotel.The event was a subtle and elegant affair as guests poured in to e xchage pleasantries and share a few laughs over a spread of exotic food and beverages.The guests chatted about the nittygritties of various cultures, philanthropy and the city's pleasant weather.TOI spotted Sandalwood starlet Madhuri Bhattacharya, Tanya and Rolf Frei, Consul General, Consulat General of Switzerland , and Ajit Saldhana at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11785790", "title": "Sectarian violence grips old Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what can be termed as a case of carelessness on the part of top police officials, sectarian tension, which began late on Sunday night, escalated further on Monday resulting in injuries to over half-a-dozen persons including bullet injuries to at least one of them following brick-batting and firing between members of two sects in several localities under three police station areas of the city.Incident of firing and stone-pelting continued throughout the day, while security forces including Rapid Action Force (RAF) personnel had tough time containing the violence in most of the areas. Senior police and district administrative officials including IG, Lucknow Javed Akhtar, DIG DK Thakur, DM Anil Sagar, ADM City OP Pathak were also on toes throughout the day moving from one locality to another as and when the news of violence trickled in. However, according to sources, there is a need to understand how this rioting actually escalated on Monday after it began late on Sunday night.A senior police official on the condition of anonymity said that in view of Barawafat procession, which is an annual affair, enough PAC personnel were provided to the police. However, the order stated that the PAC would be deployed till February 5.At around 8.00 pm on Sunday, PAC personnel returned to their battalion, even as substitute paramilitary force was not available.This led to a void in security bandobast. Soon, reports started reaching police officials that several people have started gathering near Dargah Hazrat Abbas. Local police rushed to the spot and kept a vigil on the movement of the people.However, soon members of a sect from a particular community resorted to stone-pelting on members of other community following sloganeering from the other side. Caught unaware, the police personnel actually were out-numbered by the number of people who were assembled there.The situation worsened as several members from both the side exchanged fire. It was after this that one company of RAF was rushed to Dargah Hazrat Abbas. The violence on Sunday night left at least three persons injured. The security situation remained more or less the same even on Monday. While RAF men were patrolling near Dargah Hazrat Abbas side at around 8.30am, a group of trouble-makers again indulged in stone-pelting.Soon several people gathered and members from both the side even resorted to firing on each other. The exchange of fire resulted in bullet injury to one person who was later identified as Riyazul Hasan alias Jhabbu, a resident of Kaazman in Saadatganj area. Jhabbu was rushed to trauma centre, where a Trauma Centre official told reporters that Jhabbu has received bullet injuries on his left hand. Later, DIG DK Thakur also confirmed about bullet injuries to Jhabbu.Soon the violence spread to other areas of Chowk, Saadatganj and Thakurganj in the old city. The locality affected by violence included Pulagaam Hussain, Katra Bizen Beig, Chaupatiyaa, Akbari Gate, Sharga Park, Billauchpura, Gadi Peer Khan, Amberganj, Ghanta Beig Gaddaiyya, Kaazman, Marium Talaab, Kashmiri Mohalla, Maula Nagri, Wazirbagh, Satkhanda area and Hussainabad area.Reports of sporadic rioting continued to pour in from different localities throughout the day with forces running from one place to another to quell the violence. The violence also saw hooligans looting shops and resorting to arson. Around half-a-dozen shops near Dargah Hazrat Abbas were set on fire by the mob, while stone-pelting on police outpost and other points was also reported from Satkhanda area. The situation improved in the afternoon when heavy PAC force once again reached the troubled areas to assist RAF and Rapid Response Force (RRF) personnel. After this, the situation was gradually brought under control in Saadatganj and Chowk areas.However, reports of violence and stone-pelting continued to pour in from Satkhanda locality in Thakurganj area. Heavy police force was pressed in that area, which finally brought the situation under control. The police rounded up around two-dozen trouble-makers.Later the DIG said that anti-social elements have been identified, but did not confirm that if any arrest has been made in this regard. Late in the night, when reports last came in, the IG Lucknow was once again camping at Nakkhas police outpost, while STF commandos along with other para-military forces were patrolling in the area.The DIG further said that for now the situation was tense, but under control. He also appealed to the people to maintain restrain and avoid paying heed to rumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787011", "title": "M-East struggles for water, better living conditions", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has been abandoning people in M-East ward with the same indifference and insouciance as it has been depositing rubbish there for years. Waves of people displaced from different parts of the city for MUTP, MUIP and Brimstowad projects have been rehoused in the ward since 2004. But a significant increase in the civic amenities here has not been deigned important.In the Human Development Index of 2009, M-East (Govandi, Mankhurd, Anushakti Nagar, Deonar) came last among the city's 24 wards. Its residents live in inhuman conditions, says Amita Bhide, associate professor, Tata Institute of Social Sciences . \"Resettlement has been going on in the ward since the 1970s due to the vast land potential . But sadly people have not been at the centre of development.They make do with whatever they have been provided,\" she adds. A survey conducted by Bhide and her team on resettlement and rehabilitation colonies underlined how their residents are leading a difficult existence. Of the people interviewed for the survey, 51% faced water trouble (62% did not get water in toilets), nearly 40% complained of drainage problems and a little more than 29% about garbage disposal. In Shastri Nagar, stories abound of locals travelling afar to buy water from the 'water mafia' since a direct supply to their homes is essentially nonexistent.Mohammad Sirfuddin Ansari, a 32-year-old resident of the area, says he makes three rounds to Baiganwadi on his cycle to get nine gallons of water, each gallon costing Rs 5. \"I applied for a group metre , but nothing has happened yet. I start my day at 6am so that I can finish fetching water by 9.30am and start work. This has been our condition for years,\" he says. According to NGO Praja, erratic water supply was the cause for most civic complaints from M-East in the last three years. M-East is also home to the largest dumping ground in the city.From a distance, the Deonar dumping ground looks like a multi-hued hillock. Gangakumar Gupta, who has been running a shop next to the ground for the last eight years, says its height has been increasing with every passing year. Though he has got accustomed to living close to the dump yard, he points out that \"children frequently fall sick\" . Praja called diarrhoea-with 11,338 occurrences-the most \"sensitive disease\" in the ward.It does not help that medical services in M-East are inadequate. There is just one municipal hospital here, because of which many residents have to travel to Sion Hospital or JJ Hospital for treatment. Not surprisingly, when politicians flock to the area seeking support in the forthcoming poll, residents eye them with scepticism. \"Nagarsevaks hardly care. They come seeking votes and disappear ,\" says BMC worker Salman Ayub Shaikh. \"They have been saying the dumping ground will be closed. But nothing has come of it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785889", "title": "Govt mulls uniform UG, PG syllabi across varsities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to bring about a common minimum uniformity in the syllabi of undergraduate and postgraduate courses across state universities.Director higher education (DHE) Bimal Nanda said on Monday steps will be taken to achieve the uniformity as currently there is no standardization of courses in universities and autonomous colleges. \"The department of higher education will soon convene a meeting of controller of examinations to bring the uniformity,\" Nanda told TOI.Nanda said since autonomous colleges make their own syllabi and universities make curriculum for their affiliated colleges, there is hardly any common ground. \"The prevalent programmes of study in most of our universities are outdated compared to the best in the country. This must improve,\" the DHE said. \"We want to evolve a consensus on the broader topics to be covered, without hurting the varsities' autonomy. The respective institutions will continue devising their syllabi,\" he added.Nanda said the government wants to formulate model syllabi for various courses in consultation with various universities and after taking into consideration the course content of renowned universities. The academic councils and board of studies of the varsities will have the flexibility to devise their syllabi within the broader framework, he added.The government has also decided to start semester examination system in undergraduate courses in all government colleges in place of annual examinations. Currently, postgraduate courses in all universities and undergraduate courses in select autonomous colleges only follow the semester system. \"This is also to bring uniformity in the education system,\" Nanda said.Universities have welcomed the curriculum revision and the move to bring uniformity in higher education system. Prof P K Sarkar, chairman of Utkal University Post Graduate Council, an academic and administrative body of PG teachers in the university, said there is need for improvement in syllabus both at the undergraduate and PG level across all Odisha universities to enable students from the state to compete at the national level. \"It is a good step to have some uniformity,\" he said. Undergraduate courses have to improve first, followed by the PG syllabi, otherwise there will be huge gaps between UG and PG courses, he added.In a related development, the government has decided to categorize UG courses into five streams of arts, physical science, biological science, commerce and self-financing streams in degree colleges from next year, compared to the three broader streams of arts, science and commerce at present, a January 3 government circular said. Honours subjects of information technology, biotechnology, computer science, microbiology, computer science, electronics and telecommunication will come under the self-financing stream. \"The streaming is for convenience of e-governance. There will be hardly any impact on students,\" the higher education director said.From the academic session 2012-13, it will be mandatory for institutions to issue college leaving certificate , conduct certificate and continuation certificate online to students. There will be no manual issuance of such certificates, the government circular added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11784759", "title": "Isro crisis: CAG puts Madhavan Nair in dock for Devas deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General has severely indicted former ISRO chief G Madhavan Nair and senior officials of Indian Space Research Organisation and Antrix Corporation for their role in the S-band deal with Devas Multimedia.The CAG report is expected to be tabled in Parliament during the upcoming budget session.\"A transparent, objective and documented system was not in place to carry out functions such as allocation of transponders, finalization of Insat contracts, and frequency management. Critical decisions were being made by only two or three officers of DoS/ISRO. The multiple responsibilities of officials in ISRO and Antrix resulted in conflict of interest and in the present case their decision making proved disadvantageous to their parent organization,\" the CAG report said.According to details of the CAG report available with Times Now channel, the most critical failure was that Nair played five key roles that led to severe lapses, shortcomings and conflict of interest.As chairman of ISRO, Nair \"appointed Dr Shankara Committee to examine the proposals submitted by M/s Forge Advisors, USA in April 2004 proposing therein to introduce Devas service in the country. He mandated Dr Shankara Committee to finalise the financial aspects of the proposal but the committee did not have any financial members. The committee submitted its report in January 2005, in the very same month Antrix-Devas deal was signed\", the CAG report said.As chairman of Antrix, Nair allowed ISR's commercial arm to sign \"transponder lease agreement against a stipulation of SATCOM policy. He authorized executive director Antrix to sign Antrix-Devas agreement, the terms of which were heavily loaded in favour of Devas including heavy penalty for the delayed delivery of satellites,\" the report said.As secretary, Department of Space, Nair \"put up a Cabinet note seeking financial sanction for the design, development and launch of GSAT-6 satellite in which the fact that the satellite was being realized for a specific customer was concealed\". The Cabinet was given the impression that several firms had submitted Expression of Interest \"when in reality DoS had already prior to approaching the Cabinet inked the deal with Devas\", the CAG report said.In his role as chairman, Space Commission, Nair \"chaired the 104th meeting in May 2005 and 114th meeting in October 2009 in which the proposal seeking financial sanction was approved by Space Commission for GSAT-6 and 6A satellites respectively. In both these meetings the position that these two satellites were being specifically developed for Devas was not brought to the notice of the commission\", the report said.As chairman, ICC ( Insat Coordination Committee), Nair \"did not convene a single meeting of ICC after 2004. Thus the views/concerns/interests of key stakeholders represented through secretaries of ministries and departments concerned were effectively blocked off in the decision making process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11787500", "title": "HC orders rehab for over 1500 bonded labourers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The fight to abolish the obnoxious practice of \"bonded labour\" in Odisha has received a boost. The Orissa high court recently directed the collectors of Puri, Khurda, Cuttack and Jagatsinghpur districts to identify, release and rehabilitate 1,585 lower caste people forced to render services to their upper caste counterparts. The court has set a three-month deadline for the collectors.The January 18 order followed a petition by human rights activist Baghambar Pattnaik in April 2011. The petitioner had alleged that the administration of the four districts had neglected to implement a 2008 National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) order to abolish the bonded labour system.Pattnaik said the \"landmark judgment\" would herald a much-needed social change in Odisha and other states vulnerable to the caste-based practice. \"I have sent copies of the judgment to the district collectors. Let us hope that they would now swing into action and start the rehabilitation process soon,\" said Pattnaik, who has been waging a decade-long battle for ending the practice a decade ago. The state has around five lakh bonded labourers, he added.\"We have addressed the issue of bonded labour several times in the past. We would abide by the high court order and soon start the identification process of the bonded labourers,\" a Puri district official said.In December 2011, the Puri district administration had distributed \"release certificates\" to 17 men from the barber caste in Bramhagiri area following an NHRC directive. The 17 men were bound by the local practice of Bartan. It mandated the men to wash the feet of guests during social functions in villages in lieu of about 15 kg of paddy per annum.As per the law, each person was given Rs 1,000, along with the certificate and Rs 19,000 later by the government for their rehabilitation. However, Pattnaik alleged that some of those \"released\" men were still being treated as bonded labourers by upper caste villagers.Pattanaik added: \"As many as 2,88,098 debt-bonded labourers in the country were identified, released and rehabilitated by March 31, 2009. The highest was in Tamilnadu (65,573), followed by Karnataka (63,437 identified, 57,185 rehabilitated) and Odisha (50,029 identified, 46,901 rehabilitated).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784731", "title": "Shelters for the homeless set up in Bhayander", "text": "MUMBAI: The homeless in Mira-Bhayander now have a roof over their heads.The Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation ( MBMC) has set up two separate night shelters for homeless women, children and men.The shelters have been set up in accordance with a Supreme Court directive to states to look into the issue of homeless people. A shelter for men has been put up on the first floor of the Kharigaon municipal school building in Bhayander (E). The shelter for women and under-14 children is on the second floor of the fire brigade building in Bhayander (W).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11786137", "title": "100m limit by EC hassles commuters", "text": "PONDA: Although Monday was the first day for candidates to file their nominations for the March 3 assembly elections, no one turned up. However, the 100m limit caused inconvenience to Ponda commuters.Several locals from Khadapabandh ward complained that there was great nuisance from the blocking of roads at Tiska Ponda. This year the election commission has set a rule to allow only five persons including the candidate and only three vehicles to present nomination papers in person to the returning officers.\"This is our daily route and depriving its use to us is an injustice,\" said Jitendra Naik, a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11786746", "title": "Varsity staff college to be inspected for NAAC grading", "text": "INDORE: A three-member team of National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) will be in city on Tuesday to inspect the academic staff college of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) for granting grading to it.The team will be in city for three days to inspect and accredit the college of the varsity. The members will assess the college on various parameters including teaching, learning and infrastructural facilities to make a final report that will be submitted on Thursday. Later, NAAC will give its grading to the college.It is to be noted that the varsity had applied for NAAC inspection earlier after which a three-member team comprising former vice-chancellor of SNDT Women's University Mariamma A Varghese, NAAC coordinator T N Mathur and Vilas Kharat, is visiting the varsity to grant its grading to the college.The team members will also interact with teachers and students.NAAC is an autonomous entity under the University Grants Commission, which rates universities on various parameters including infrastructure, teacher taught ratio, students amenities, etc, and gives a specific rating to the institutions.Prior to the NAAC team's visit, DAVV geared up for the inspection. \"We are prepared for the inspection of the college and hopeful to get good rating. As the varsity inspection is pending this year, we will apply for NAAC inspection for various other disciplines in the university,\" said Dr Rajkamal, officiating vice-chancellor, DAVV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11785762", "title": "People protest against lack of amenities", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A group of people under the banner of Samajik Vichar Manch raised their voice against the alleged apathy shown by the elected representatives and the administration in providing basic civic amenities to the town.\"Pathetic condition of roads, impure drinking water, and most importantly, erratic supply of electricity are the major problems of Lohardaga and they are being neglected both by the people's representatives and officials of the district administration. We decided to raise our voice against it with the help of common man, who participated in our 'nukkad sabha' that aimed to show the actual face of elected leaders,\" said Kanvaljit Singh, the Manch convener. The Manch is a group of youths, who are active supporters of Anna Hazare's fight against corruption.Lohardaga has an MP Sudarshan Bhagat, a Rajya Sabha MP Dheeraj Prasad Sahu and an MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat, who never paid any attention to the lack of basic amenities here, said a youth.For over a month, electricity is playing hide and seek with Lohardaga residents. \"We get less than four hours of power supply a day. We have a power grid which mostly supplies power to Latehar to benefit an industrial house. Water supply, too, has never been on the right track. A Rs 9 crore project of water supply system started last year has failed to take off because of corruption, but the leaders have not taken any action,\" said chairman of the Manch Azaz Mallick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11786985", "title": "Dense fog predicted in Tricity in next few days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Weathermen predict dense to very dense fog over the next two days in Tricity as they expect the days to be sunny while a drop in the minimum temperature late at night.On Monday, the overnight minimum temperature dipped slightly to 9.8 degrees celsius from 10.6 degrees celsius on Sunday.Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul said, \"We expect that the next few days are likely to be bright and sunny and the nights would be extremely foggy with low visibility levels. This is slated to go on for the next couple of days following which we expect some light rainfall activity in Tricity region.\"He said, \"There is going to be a drop in the minimum temperature as the days are slated to be bright and sunny and this would lead to the difference between the maximum and minimum temperature to become even greater.\" Paul added, \"By around the weekend we expect that there would be some light rain in and around Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula, and that would cause the maximum temperature to experience a drop and the minimum temperature to appreciate slightly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786832", "title": "Judge in 2G case agrees on some points with finance ministry note", "text": "NEW DELHI: When it emerged that the finance ministry had on March 25, 2011 written a note to the Prime Minister's Office placing some blame on P Chidambaram for the 2G mess, it led to a major crisis for the UPA.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee rushed from Washington DC to New York to brief the prime minister. And back home in New Delhi, Mukherjee was forced to make a public appearance alongside Chidambaram and distance himself from all \"inferences and interpretations\" in the note.Almost two years later, the CBI special court hearing the 2G case on Saturday refused to prosecute Chidambaram but almost agreed with some of the key contentions of the finance ministry note.The key difference between judge O P Saini's conclusion and that of the finance ministry note was that Saini did not talk about difference of opinion between Chidambaram as finance minister and his officials, with the latter demanding auction.The trial court also did not claim, as the ministry note, that had Chidambaram stuck by his officials' demand, the entire 2G allocation could have been cancelled. Saini went into the dilution of equity by Swan and Unitech, which the ministry note had not mentioned.The finance ministry note had pointed out that the secretary (finance) had suggested auction for initial spectrum, while Chidambaram later sent a \"non-paper\" to Raja conveying that \"in principle\" decision may be taken to price the spectrum beyond 4.4 MHz, as had been suggested by DoT.The finance ministry note had said that if Chidambaram had insisted on auction of initial spectrum, then DoT would have been forced to cancel the 2G spectrum and licence allocation. \"DoT could have invoked this clause (5.1 of the UAS licence) for cancelling licences in case MoF had stuck to the stand of auctioning the 4.4 MHz spectrum,\" the note had said. Judge Saini didn't make such an observation.Saini in his order said, \"He (Chidambaram) agreed with Mr A Raja not to revise or revisit the entry fee or spectrum charge as discovered in 2001. Non-revision of prices is not an illegal act by itself.\"Saini said that as per the Cabinet note of October 31, 2003, \"the decision regarding spectrum pricing was to be taken by finance minister and MOC&IT; and after this decision was taken, Mr P Chidambaram agreed that it would be the price as discovered in the year 2001 and also told Mr A Raja that there is no need to revisit the same\".The finance ministry note had said, \"However, these (2G spectrum) were not charged (beyond the normal spectrum usage charges) since there was consensus, at the levels of the ministers concerned, that spectrum beyond the 'start up' levels only should be charged.\"The controversial note went on to say that Chidambaram \"implicitly agreed to imposition of same entry fee as that prevailing in 2001 for licences allotted up to December 31, 2008\". On this point, Saini and the ministry reached an identical conclusion.The ministry note went on to further detail a meeting on January 30, 2008, 20 days after 2G spectrum LoIs were issued to companies, between Chidambaram and Raja. \"It was noted by the finance minister that he was for now not seeking to revisit the current regimes for entry fee or revenue share,\" the finance ministry note said. Judge Saini referred to this meeting, without giving its specific date.The court order went on to say, \"However, there is no material on record to show that Mr P Chidambaram was acting malafide in fixing the price of spectrum at the 2001 level on in permitting dilution of equity by the two companies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790144", "title": "UN report pegs India\u2019s growth at 7.7% in 2012", "text": "India's economic growth rate will remain subdued at 7.7 per cent in 2012 and 7.9 per cent in 2013, says a UN report.\"India's economy is forecast to expand at a pace similar to 2011 in the following two years... at 7.7 per cent in 2012 and 7.9 per cent in 2013,\" the UN report on 'World Economic Situation and Prospects 2012' said.The report cautioned, \"The downside risks to the regional outlook have sharply increased in recent months... particularly in case of India. Double-dip recessions in Europe and the United States would have a significant impact on economic activities across South Asia.\"The government recently lowered the GDP growth target for the current fiscal to 7 per cent from the earlier estimate of 8.5 per cent.However, the study gave a positive outlook on South Asia's economic growth prospects and projected that the region's economies will grow by 6.7 per cent and 6.9 per cent in 2012 and 2013, respectively, accelerating beyond the 6.5 per cent growth rate experienced in 2011.South Asia constitutes India, Pakistan, Nepal, Iran, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.The report also raised a red flag on India's fiscal deficit target, saying the Indian government is unlikely to achieve its deficit target of 4.7 per cent of the GDP for 2011-12 as lower growth has brought down tax revenues and disinvestment in state-run companies has been put on hold.Nevertheless, the study has given a positive outlook for India's job market, saying, \"India is enjoying gains in employment rates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789212", "title": "Jaya Bachchan's ready to return to the big screen", "text": "She played her son Abhishek Bachchan's mother in Goldie Behl's Drona in 2008. And now, after four years, Jaya Bachchan is ready to return to the big screen. This time with Rituparno Ghosh's Taak Jhaank, a satire about magic surrealism.Though Mrs B's husband Amitabh and son Abhishek have worked with the award winning filmmaker in The Last Lear and Antar Mahal respectively, this will be Jaya's first with Ghosh.Apart from starring in Ghosh's directorial venture, Jaya will also come together with Naseeruddin Shah for the first time in her career spanning almost fifty years with Taak Jhaank.Distributor Sunil Bohra, who acquired the rights for the film told Mumbai Mirror, \"Jayaji has not been seen on screen for a long time. She has never done a film with Naseer Saab before. Considering they share similar cinematic sensibilities, I find that very strange.\"Talking about his newly acquired project, Bohra added, \"I haven't seen any Rituparno Ghosh film earlier. But I just loved Taak Jhaank.\" Bohra also revealed that he wants to promote this film in a big way for its April release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790736", "title": "Virendra Saxena ko hai Gardening ka Chaska!", "text": "The veteran actor has a green thumb and is very particular about cleanliness on the sets. Chakachak Sir!That's what Virendra Saxena aka Vidyapati Raj of \" Afsar Bitiya\" is called by the crew members of the show. He was baptized so because he holds the axiom 'Cleanliness is next to Godliness' very close to his heart. You can't help noticing the well maintained garden on the sets the moment you enter it and the sole credit goes to the man with 'Green Thumb,' Virendra Saxena.Once, lead actor, Kinshuk Mahajan (Pintoo Singh) was shocked to see Virendra Saxena holding a hosepipe and spraying water around the sets. He quickly summoned the spot boys to check on it and was informed him that the veteran actor is usually the first person to come on the sets and personally overlooks it's cleaning. Kinshuk was shocked to hear that the senior actor does not shy away from picking up the broom occasionally and sweeping his own room. \"Our workplace is like a place of worship, there is no shame in keeping it spic and span,\" says Virendra Ji. He added, \"I am not finicky about cleanliness but it's a different high to start the day when everything around you is neat and clean. Having a garden in a space constricted city like Mumbai is a luxury. I love gardening and was thrilled to find one on the sets. Watering the plants, pruning them and taking care of the maintenance is something I look forward to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786579", "title": "Develop Hathaikhera dam as tourist spot: Gaur", "text": "BHOPAL: The Urban Administration and Development Minister (UAD) Babulal Gaur directed the MP Tourism Development Department to chalk out an action plan for development of Hathaikhera Dam as a tourist spot. The directives were issued at a meeting held here on Monday.Gaur said that a proposal should be prepared for obtaining grants under Union Government schemes for developing the dam as a tourist spot. He added that development of Hathaikhera tourist spot will make available a recreation centre to people and lead to increased attention to its safety and protection.Gaur also instructed to repair the road from Ayodhya Bypass to Hathaikhera and develop a City Forest under Hathaikhera Dam.The minister also instructed for beautification of the immersion ghat near Bairagarh and develop it also into a tourist place. He asked the municipal staff to remove the silt and waste on the ghat and plant grass and small plants on the reservoir's banks.UAD minister instructed the tourism department and municipal officers to make available pedal boat facility near Kalighat in the Lower Lake for recreation of the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784787", "title": "ATVMs to come up on FOBs on CR network", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway has decided to install automatic ticket vending machines (ATVMs) on foot overbridges (FOBs) connecting stations to skywalks.CR has placed order for 100 ATVMs. Of these, 15 have already been installed, while 60 are expected to be installed in coming days on railway FOBs connected to skywalks.A senior CR official said, \"Initially, we had proposed to instal 75 machines across stations on the trans-harbour route and beyond Kalyan. But according to revised plans, our priority is to provide ATVMs at skywalk junctions connecting the stations.\"CR will soon carry out a survey to identify skywalks linked to its stations. This exercise, along with installation, will take at least two months to complete.As of now, a commuter using the skywalk has climb down buy a ticket from ATVM that is installed in the booking office at the ground level. The commuter then has to climb the FOB again to descend to the platform to board a train. Commuters will be spared this hardship once ATVMs come up on FOBs.More ATVMs are required as the railway board has set a deadline of March 2013 to phase out coupon validating machines (CVMs).Unlike ATVMs, CVMs are not linked to the Unreserved Ticketing System (UTS) of the Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS) that helps keep tabs on fraudulent transactions.On CR, of the total ticket sales per day, 6% is through ATVMs and 10% through CVMs. As of now, CR sells 50,000 booklets per day, while 4 lakh ATVM cards are in circulation on CR. The closure of CVMs will lead to full-scale migration to ATVMs.The official said, \"CR will also procure 1 lakh more smart cards in the coming month as the demand is likely to increase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785438", "title": "Kalidas Festival is ugly duckling for busy administration", "text": "NAGPUR: Very few events in Vidarbha are as prestigious as the Kalidas Mahotsav organized in the city by the district administration. But over the past few years, a lackadaisical approach towards the festival seems to have set in, pushing it way down in the diary of events.The festival used to be organized in November, but has gradually moved to sometime in late January. This year it was set to take place on January 29, but it is now tentatively scheduled for mid-March.Nagpur collector Saurabh Rao says the dates have been changed to accommodate the municipal corporation elections. \"We have been restrained by a slew of events. We could not hold it in November because of the winter session. Now, after the NMC elections, there would be state-level police games followed by holi and then from March 10 to 12 the city would host sports organized by the state revenue dept. On March 13, the assembly budget session would commence in Mumbai. So, these are the only dates available to us.\"Rao added, \"We are serious about holding this event and are following it up with the tourism department also. But funds have been a problem. Though we have received some money from NMC, Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation's (MTDC) share is still awaited.\"Organized by MTDC in association with the district collectorate and Nagpur Municipal Corporation, the Kalidas Festival started in 1996 at Ramtek to promote tourism through art and music. It was named after poet Kalidas, who had penned some of his great works like Kumaarasambhava, Meghadoota and Ritusamhaara at this place. \"However, for a programme with great artists, there were just two people sitting in the audience the first year,\" says GB Kedar, regional officer of MTDC.So the event was shifted to Nagpur from 1997 onwards, but since the last three years, it is being held at Ramtek for the first two days. This has only complicated logistics. Saurabh Rao says, \"There are many reputed artists who have expressed interest in participating. But yes, holding it for two days at Ramtek does impact manpower, communication and organization.\"To elicit local participation and promote eco tourism, the festival last year also featured adventure sports events like hot air balloon rides and parasailing, which attracted many visitors. But changes in dates to late March, when temperatures rise considerably, would make such activities difficult to organize.Amol Khante, director of CAC All Rounder, which organized the outdoor activities says, \"The administration is yet to hold its first meeting to discuss the Kalidas festival. The local elections are affecting the schedule. Later, the March heat will be a problem.\"Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal feels that this is an exaggeration. \"I don't see the festival getting scrapped. The elections are keeping everybody busy. Kalidas Mahotsav always gets an encouraging response from the local crowd. If the meeting has not been held then it is because of the code of conduct. Bureaucrats alone can't conduct it. We too need to be present.\"Classical vocalist Kalyani Deshmukh, who performed in the first edition of the festival in 1996 at Ramtek, feels that accessibility and attendance have to be the biggest consideration to make this festival a success. \"Holding it in Ramtek defeats the purpose, since a festival of this calibre requires audience. There were hardly any people attending it there. An approachable venue and reasonable ticket prices will help.\"Singer Tanuja Nafde, who had recently taken part in the festival, says, \"There should be a dedicated committee to decide upon the dates, venue and participating artists in this festival, which is of the stature of Sawai Gandharv of Pune. If it is kept under the control of local administration then it would continue to be affected by various issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786272", "title": "Kiran Reddy lands in trouble with cabinet expansion", "text": "HYDERABAD: The induction of Congress MLAs Uttam Kumar Reddy, Prasada Kumar and Kondru Murali by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy into his cabinet on Monday evening triggered more dissent rather than douse the existing ones. The feeling that two members of the SC Mala community (Prasada Kumar and Murali) have been inducted into the cabinet to mollify the community after the recent vandalism of Ambedkar's statues have left other powerful communities unhappy.While the three vacancies are from Telangana caused by the exit of Komatireddy Venkata Reddy, Jupalli Krishna Rao and P Shankar Rao, only two of the slots have been given to the region. Bhupalli Venkata Ramana Reddy, an MLA from Telangana region and a serious ministerial aspirant, was instead offered the post of chief whip which fell vacant after Kondru Murali was sworn in as a minister. However, an unhappy Venkata Reddy is said to be unwilling to take up the post and stormed out of the CM's Camp Office when he was made the offer by Kiran on Monday.While the portfolios for new ministers is yet to be formally announced, with the Congress high command not giving an OK to Kiran Kumar to drop senior ministers D L Ravindra Reddy and Jana Reddy, the CM is planning to clip their wings.While Uttam Kumar Reddy is tipped to be given the medical education charge till now with Ravindra Reddy as part of his health portfolio, Kondru Murali is expected to be handed over the rural water supply charge till now with Jana Reddy. Uttam Reddy a former fighter pilot who quit IAF after injuring his back in an air crash while flying low over enemy territory is a favorite of Kiran Reddy. The chief minister had been batting for the ex- IAF officer who also served as an aide to the then President R Venkataraman, but unsuccessfully till now.A furious health minister Ravindra Reddy, who boycotted the swearing-in ceremony, told his close aides that he would quit the cabinet if his portfolio is split and given to anybody else. Similarly, home minister Sabita Indra Reddy is upset over the move of the CM to give the home department charge to deputy chief minister Damodar Raja Narasimha.\"Two Malas have been inducted into the cabinet. So it is only fair that the Madiga community (to which the deputy CM belongs to) is placated in some form or the other. whose department is likely to be given to deputy chief minister did not attend the swearing in ceremony. Apart from that, Sabita is miffed over the fact that Prasad Kumar, the right-hand man of K Laxma Reddy, her arch rival from Ranga Reddy district, has been inducted into the cabinet.According to indications late on Monday night, Kondru Murli is tipped to get the 108, 104 and Arogyasri charges currently held by Ravindra Reddy. Housing portfolio held presently by Kanna Lakshminarayana, is to be given to Uttam Kumar and Kanna made incharge of agriculture, which is currently in the additional charge of the Deputy CM since YS Vivekananda Reddy quit the cabinet. Prasad Kumar is slated to get the textiles portfolio till now held by Shankar Rao.Amudalavalasa MLA B Satyavati offered to quit the party stating 'injustice' has been done to BC women in the party. According to sources, Satyavati was lured from the Jagan camp with the promise of a ministerial berth, which however, did not happen. Speaking to media persons at Srikakulam, the two-time MLA said she was deeply pained at not being giving the promised post. She belongs to the strong 'Kalinga' caste which has considerable population in the backward Srikakulam district.Shaken by her threat, the chief minister telephoned and requested her not to take any hasty action and gave an assurance that she will be rewarded very soon. However, an unyielding Satyavati convened a meeting of her followers late on Monday night to finalise her future course of action.Apart from Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy, many other Congress MLAs from the region are unhappy. The fact that both Uttam Kumar Reddy and Prasad Kumar are not known as hardcore separatists on the issue of Telangana and have not supported the T agitation irked many T Congress MLAs who have played active role in the movement.The pro-Telangana legislators are now chalking out an action plan to bring pressure on Kiran so that some of them are also included in the cabinet in the future.Former minister J C Diwakar Reddy, who camped in Delhi for three days in the hope of securing a cabinet berth, as well as MLCs P Venkata Rao, Mohd Jani and P Sudhakar Reddy are upset at not being inducted into the cabinet.With the induction of the three ministers, the strength of the Kiran cabinet rose to 41 including the chief minister. Community wise, Reddys account for 13 berths, BCs 11, Kapus 4 and SCs 7 of which 4 are held by the Malas and the remaining three by the Madigas. Region-wise, coastal Andhra accounts for 17 berths, Telangana 15 and Rayalaseema 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784651", "title": "BMC told to act against Juhu hawkers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has directed the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to take legal steps to evict hawkers from outside an educational complex in Juhu.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Vile Parle Kelawani Mandal, which runs several education institutes including NM and Mithibai colleges, seeking removal of illegal hawkers from outside their institutions. The court had earlier rapped the BMC for expressing helplessness in removing unauthorized encroachments on footpaths.Mandal's counsel V A Thorat submitted that in a no-hawking zone, irrespective of whether the hawkers are licensed or not, they have to be removed as per the Supreme Court's orders. BMC advocate Ashutosh Kumbhakoni said that anything related to hawkers has to be clarified before the Supreme Court. He also submitted that in view of stay on evictions granted to some hawkers by the lower courts, the BMC was unable to evict them. Some of the stalls are HPCOs and Aarey Sarita stalls, he added.The judges, while perusing the BMC's affidavit, asked what HPCOs were. Kumbhakoni said that they are handicapped public call offices. \"Are they really run by handicapped persons or is somebody else running it?\" asked Justice Bobde. The judges said that the BMC must inform the lower courts of the Supreme Court's orders on hawkers.The judges recorded the BMC advocate's statement that the BMC would take steps, including making applications, if not done, in the small causes and city civil court to vacate interim relief/injunction against removal.The High Court had earlier rapped the BMC for expressing helplessness in removing unauthorized encroachments on footpaths", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785975", "title": "Scholars write to CM against new museum", "text": "PATNA: Over 30 scholars and academics of Bihar have urged CM Nitish Kumar to develop important historical sites, which are in total neglect, instead of spending crores for building a 'world class museum' in the city. In an open letter addressed to the CM, Bihar academics said that several ancient sites in the city, including the famous Mauryan site at Agamkuan and famous Jain temple, Kamaldah near Gulzarbagh railway station, are in a bad shape.It may be mentioned here that the proposed world class museum will come up in the heart of the city on Bailey Road, spread over nearly 14 acres, at an estimated cost of Rs350 crore. The letter recalled that the government had initiated construction of a link road from Agamkuan and Kamaldah temple on NH-30 in 2006-07, but the work was left it midway.Similarly, Bihar rural roads department had started the construction work in 2009 of the boundary wall of Kamaldah temple complex, which is spread over 5.6 acres. But, again, it was abandoned midway, the letter said. The area surrounding the Jain temple is encroached by local vendors.\"In the name of making another museum in the city, development of some historical sites should not be neglected. These sites are equally important,\" the letter said.Prominent signatories to the letter are Rajendra Ram, former professor, department of history, Patna University, Shatrughan Prasad Singh, former HoD, Ancient Indian History and Archaeology, Patna University, Bodhan Prasad Singh, former principal, G D College, Begusarai, Bakshi Vidyanand Sinha, former president of Patna University Teachers Association, Ashok Kumar , postdoctoral fellow, department of history, Patna University, Anil Kumar , Vishwa Bharti University, Shantiniketan (West Bengal), Surendra Snigdh, department of Hindi, Patna University, Bhagwan Prasad Singh, former HoD, department of economics, Patna University, Firoz Alam, research scholar, Patna University and Shanta Kumari, research scholar, Patna University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11786026", "title": "Marathon dance to mark tribal festival", "text": "MALAPPURAM: After a break of 20 years, the Odakkayam tribal settlement in Anakkayam, near Areekode in the district, will witness a rare tribal festival on February 13. The date of the festival was fixed by the chief (mooppan) of the settlement, 80-year-old Korman, who announced last week that it would be held on the 30th of the Malayalam month of Makaram.The fest is expected to attract about 1,000 people of Muthuvan tribe from across Malappuram, Kozhikode and Wayanad districts. They will assemble in Anakkayam and take part in a 12-hour-long non-stop traditional dance, the main attraction of the festival.The fest is also expected to attract a large number of researchers and students from across the state to Anakkayam, situated almost six km away from the Odakkayam-Vettilappara Road. There are about ten colonies in the region those houses about 150 families of Muthuvan tribe.Rajan Nellayil of Melakkam Excise office, who is a member of one of the tribal families in Nellayil colony in Odakkayam, said the tribal colonies were in a festive mood.According to Rajan, all the tribal people attending the festival will take part in the dance. During the dance, each group of tribes will sing songs composed by it. They will also sing the traditional tribal songs. The participants will be attired in colourful costumes and ornaments characteristic of tribal dances. To create a rhythmic ambience, the dancers would be wearing tiny tinkling bells, Rajan said.The festival will begin with offerings to the ancestors of the colony inhabitants. That will be followed by traditional rituals. The traditional dance, the most important part of the festival, will start at 6pm. It will continue till the next morning.Rajan said researchers, students and teachers including NSS volunteers, who were expected to attend the festival, had already sought the permission of the tribal welfare committee members in the area to visit the colony on the festival day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784611", "title": "Women\u2019s panel throws weight behind victim", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Commission for Women has taken up the case of a 19-year-old collegian whose widowed mother and her paramour attempted to kill her and left her for dead in Kasara last month. The victim, Vaibhavi Pednekar, is currently recuperating in a private nursing home in Dahisar (E).While Vaibhavi's mother Smita has been arrested, her paramour, Sanjay Kumar, is on the run. The commission has given instructions to the Kasara police to trace Sanjay at the earliest. \"We plan to send two police teams to Madhya Pradesh and Nagpur to trace Sanjay,\" a Kasara police officer said. \"A third team is looking for him in Mumbai.\"An ayurvedic doctor, Sanjay hails from Madhya Pradesh and has no fixed address in Mumbai. He is married and his wife, a native of Nagpur, rarely stayed in Mumbai, said an investigator.Doctors said Vaibhavi sustained a nose fracture and lost several teeth. She has been administered stitches on her forehead. Two Dahisar cops have been posted on round-the-clock duty at the nursing home for her security.\"We will ensure Vaibhavi's safety and rehabilitation. It is of utmost importance that Vaibhavi recovers physically and mentally,\" said Kanta Pandit, deputy secretary of the Maharashtra State Commission for Women. \"We have issued a letter to deputy superintendant (Thane rural) Deepak Devraj, asking him to probe the source of the threatening text messages that the girl has been receiving,\" Pandit added.On Monday, district probationary officer Ashwini Dighe went to the Dahisar nursing home, but Vaibhavi's relatives did not permit her to meet the girl. \"Dighe left contact numbers of the women's commission office with Vaibhavi's relatives and told them that they could approach us anytime. We will offer requisite counselling, free accommodation, moral support and medical aid to Vaibhavi,\" said Anand Khandagle, district women and child development officer, suburban Mumbai. \"Once she recovers fully, we can help her to get her a job of her choice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786865", "title": "Government draws up multi-layered plan to strengthen cyber security", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the face of incessant attacks on its crucial networks, the government is finalizing an elaborate plan to upgrade India's cyber security capabilities. By stepping up protection levels, putting in place real time command-and-control centres and delineating responsibilities among various agencies, the government hopes to take on the onslaught of international cyber attacks on its critical infrastructure.Among the proposals are dedicated command-and-control centres to monitor critical infrastructure real time, and Computer Emergency Response Teams for key sectors such as power, and elaborate protocols for all involved.Senior sources told TOI that the Cabinet Committee on Security \"should approve in a few weeks\" the multi-layered security plans to protect India's critical infrastructure. \"The NSA (national security advisor) and the cabinet secretary are working on the final plan,\" sources said.On top of this plan is a clear delineation of responsibilities between CERT-IN (Computer Emergency Response Team-India), NTRO (National Technical Research Organisation), Intelligence Bureau, Military Intelligence and other agencies that have a role in fighting cyber intrusions. Even where there are overlaps, protocol will be laid out. The proposed protocol will also cover department of telecom, department of information technology, National Informatics Centre etc.Under the proposal, the government will also regularly and proactively monitor and scan critical networks. Not just that, the levels of security for these networks will also be stepped up, sources said.Among the key recommendations to be approved will be the creation of a National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIPC). It will be a sort of command-and-control centre for monitoring a significant portion of India's critical infrastructure. NCIPC will be manned by technical experts, but will also have officials from various organizations for quick response to any intrusions. \"It will provide real time response to any breach,\" a senior official said.Sources said CERT-IN was also creating its own real time monitoring centre to measure up to the new demands for cyber security. The responsibility for monitoring critical infrastructure will be divided between NCIPC and CERT-IN, sources said.The government will also set up dedicated CERT for critical sectors such as power, aviation etc where no such national monitoring mechanism exists, sources said.The entire move comes in the wake of a series of sensational cyber attacks on India's critical infrastructure, especially targeted at key ministries and departments. In recent months, cyber attackers have targeted the ministry of external affairs, military headquarters and the National Security Council Secretariat, among others.What is more worrying is the targeted cyber attacks on computers and networks of agencies such as Indo-Tibetan Border Police, a sign that China was carrying out targeted attacks. However, sources said the attacks were not just limited to those from China. \"There are instances where the end user is not clear, but definitely not China,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "11787260", "title": "Four members of family murdered in Bhagalpur", "text": "BHAGALPUR: In a sensational incident, police recovered four bodies from a house at Maroofchak locality under the Mojahidpur police station on Monday evening. All the deceased belong to the same family having meagre earnings, police officials said.The bodies had injury marks from sharp-edged weapons, police said adding the place of occurrence had been cordoned off for investigation. Personal enmity is suspected to be the reason behind the gruesome killings. The victims include two women and two men. They have ben identified as Indrajeet Jha (60), his 52-year-old wife, son Amarkant Jha (31)and daughter-in-law Pooja Jha (26).According to locals, head of the family, Indrajeet was a priest and was engaged in performing rituals while his son, Amarkant use to run a utility shop at a kiosk at the railway station. Indrajeet's wife used to work in a private school. Sources said the deceased had a decent background. Senior officials, including SSP Sanjay Singh, DSPs Roop Ranjan Hargavay and Sheila Irani, Sadar SDO Sunil Kumar besides others were camping at the spot where a huge crowd had assembled.After making preliminary inquiry into the incident, the SSP said the four were probably killed sometime prior to recovery of the bodies and things would become clear only after post-mortem examination. The exact motive of the killings is also not clear as yet, he added. Police also requisitioned the dog squad to track down the killers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786444", "title": "Puri applies for bail after over a year in police custody", "text": "GURGAON: After over a year's police custody, Shiv Raj Puri, the mastermind of the multi-crore Citibank scam, applied for bail for the first time on Monday. It was, however, dismissed by a city court. \"The court has raised doubts that the accused might tamper with evidence if he's out on bail and has hence rejected it,\" said Citibank's counsel Harish Malhotra. Puri's counsel had demanded bail for him on the basis of the 2G spectrum case but the Citibank counsel opposed it saying that the case was very different from that one.After the listing of the arguments, the court rejected Puri's bail plea on Monday. After the scam to light, Puri had surrendered in a city court on December 30, 2010. So far, he had never applied for bail in court. An application was submitted once but Puri's counsel had withdrawn it before the court hearing. Earlier, the high court had directed that \"the trial of the Citibank scam should be done by February 9, 2012,\" said the Citibank's counsel.Earlier, an internal study by the bank had revealed that the fraud in December 2010 occurred despite several warnings by Citibank's own compliance officer. The cases should have been referred to CDC (country disciplinary committee), but this was not done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785835", "title": "WRD engineer commits suicide", "text": "PATNA: An assistant engineer of water resources department (WRD), Thakur Sahi (39), committed suicide at his Kusumpur residence under Rupuspur police station in Patna district about three days back.Sahi was posted at Chenari in Kaimur district and has three daughters and a son, a chartered accountant (CA) in Delhi. Police said the matter came to light on Monday when a contractor, who had worked at Sahi's house earlier, reached there and found foul smell emanating from the house. He informed a neighbour, who found Sahi hanging with the ceiling with the help of a lungi and towel in his room. They informed his nephew Manoj Kumar Sahi, who lives at Bhootnath Road in Bahadurpur Colony, about the incident, police said.SDPO (Danapur) Anil Kumar said the body has been sent for autopsy. Things would be clear only after the local police gets autopsy report, he added. tnnRupuspur police station SHO Nehar Bhushan said that no suicide note was recovered from the room where Sahi committed suicide. \"The police would search the room on Tuesday again to get some clues in the case,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11787584", "title": "City BJP chief to launch rathyatra against corruption, inflation", "text": "NEW DELHI: With just a few months to go before the corporation elections begin, Delhi BJP president, Vijender Gupta, is all set to launch a rath yatra in the Capital to fight against corruption and inflation.Gupta will launch his rath yatra, named 'Jan Sangarsh Yatra,' from February 11 and it will culminate on February 25 after covering all 272 municipal wards in the city.\"Keeping an eye on the upcoming civic polls in April, the state president has decided to launch a rath yatra using the same 'rath' -- a speciallydesigned hi-tech vehicle --that was used by BJP leader Narender Modi during his massive Anyaya Hatao, Gujarat Bachao' rally last year,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee.Equipped with a lift, this hi-tech vehicle is also equipped with cameras, computers and a public address system,\" said Chandolia.Already the rath is being spruced up and repaired in Patel Nagar in preparation for its Delhi debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789737", "title": "Mirchi Music Awards Bangla 2011", "text": "The stage was set and the red carpet was rolled out. With music, dance and bonhomie, it was a night to remember on Saturday when the Mirchi Music Awards Bangla 2011 were given out to the stalwarts who struck the right chord last year.Show hosts Mir and Rimjhim got the event to a smooth start and ensured that the laughathon was enjoyed by all. Be it quirky English translations of nationalistic Bengali songs like \"Mother given coarse cloth, take it on your head brother,\" or impromptu jigs on stage with Bandage upping the tempo, Mir was a hit with the audience and had Rimjhim giving him good company.Veteran actor Soumitra Chatterjee was one of the firsts to walk in. And keeping him and others enthralled were scintillating performances by Sonalee and Soumili. In between, awards were given out and Anupam Roy seemed quite a happy man with five awards in his kitty. \"He'll need a coolie to take the awards home,\" quipped Mir. Pratul Mukherjee bagged the Best Male Vocalist award, while the Best Female Vocalist award went to Shreya Ghoshal, who, however, could not make it to the do.When Paoli took the audience on a retro journey, Mir was heard saying, \"Duto jinisheri dam bereche, petrol ar Paoli.\" We caught the actor backstage after her scintillating performance and she said, \"This is the first time that I danced to Bengali retro numbers. I just loved it. An awards ceremony like this is so encouraging.\" And considering the growing Bollywood interest in Bengali film music, Kunal Ganjawala's performance came as no big surprise. He enthralled with his Bengali chartbusters, while an injured Abir was seen enjoying backstage. \"My injury is not that serious, and I couldn't have missed out on the awards night. Bengali film music is doing well and one can do better with some recognition,\" he said.Gaurab Chatterjee, better known as Gabu, walked away with Best Upcoming Composer award and was seen having a blast with his band members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785413", "title": "Woman killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: A 62-year-old died after she was hit by a speeding MUV (multi utility vehicle) on the Kalepadal-Sasanenagar road on Sunday night. The woman has been identified as Shanta Vasant Jagtap of Hadapsar. Jagtap was walking home when the accident took place. The driver of the MUV fled the scene after the accident.Man held for manhandling cop:A 28-year-old youth has been arrested for allegedly manhandling a police constable at Khadki on Friday evening. The youth has been identified as Mujabir Shabbir Mokashi of Ghorpade Peth. A complaint has been lodged by constable Prafulla Shelar at the Khadki police station.Chain snatched:Two men who entered a shop at Dhavade Vasti in Bhosari on the pretext of buying 'gutkha' snatched the owner's gold chain, valued at Rs 50,000, on Sunday evening. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Lalita Papat (30). Senior police inspector of the Bhosari police station Mohan Vidhate is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785769", "title": "SC stays contempt order against DMET", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Supreme Court on Monday stayed the Orissa high court's contempt proceedings against director medical education and training (DMET) and another senior officer in the post graduate entrance test goof up case.\"Acting on a special leave petition, the apex court stayed the Orissa HC order. The matter will come up for hearing after four weeks,\" Odisha's standing counsel Suresh Tripathy told TOI. The bench of Justice H L Dattu and Justice C K Prasad issued the stay order, he said.The HC had framed charges against DMET P K Das and PG (medical) selection committee convener Dr Santosh Kumar Behera on January 10 for non-compliance of its order of awarding full grace marks to medical students for 38 questions, which had spelling mistakes, in the PG entrance test, 2011-12. A division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra had found \"willful\" violation of the court order by the officers.To a petition by medical PG students, the HC had asked the DMET to award full marks for the mistakes. The court issued the order after taking into consideration views of an expert committee about the mistakes.The DMET, however, gave the aspirants pro-rata marks, following which students filed a contempt petition accusing the officers of violating the court order. The HC found the officers prima facie guilty and framed charges.Tripathy said there are multiple petitions in the case. While some students have moved the HC for implementation of its order of full marks, some of those who have been selected on the basis of pro-rata marks and have been pursuing their study for the past six months, have filed a petition in the apex court. On the latter's plea, the SC had earlier ordered a status-quo in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785495", "title": "Change in train timings for 5 days", "text": "PUNE: The train timings of some suburban local trains between Pune and Lonavla and an express train have been temporarily revised for five days from February 7 to 11.The change in timings is because the railway administration is carrying out a five-day power block, between 1 pm and 2 pm, for removal of redundant multi-track portals in Talegaon-Lonavla section, a press release issued by the Central Railways said.As per the revised timing of the Pune-Manmad express, the train (number 11026 Up), will leave from Pune at 1.30 pm, instead of 12.50 pm.The suburban Pune-Lonavla local train (number 99818 Up) leaving at 12.05 pm will run only up to Talegaon. Another Pune-Lonavla local train (number 99820 Up) will leave at 1.40 pm instead of 1 pm.The Lonavla-Pune local train (number 99815 Down) leaving Lonavla at 2 pm will be cancelled between Lonavla-Talegaon section. The train will start from Talegaon and reach Pune as per its scheduled timing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11786019", "title": "Chelora protest takes a violent turn", "text": "KANNUR: Amidst mounting protests, the Kannur municipality dumped three loads of waste at the trenching ground in Chelora with the help of the police. When protestors tried to block the vehicles, the police used force injuring two people. They took into custody 35 protestors including 18 women. The injured -- K P Muhammed (25) and K M Shakeer (25) -- have been admitted to a private hospital.The municipality had ceased dumping of waste at Chelora for the last one week following protests. Monday's move by the civic body has invited the wrath of the residents who protested against the move. The police team led by circle inspector T Anilkumar produced the arrested before the chief judicial magistrate in Thalassery.The Chelora residents have been protesting for the last 43 days. A meeting was convened on January 31 by chief minister Oommen Chandy in Thiruvananthapuram to find a solution to the waste disposal issue had failed find a solution. In the meeting, the protestors had said they would not permit the waste dumping in the trenching grounds.The agitators are also opposing the municipality's plan to set up a modern plant at Chelora. \"Even if the municipality uses force, we will oppose it the move and intensify the stir,\" said Remyan Achur, an activist with the action committee at Chelora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore/mumbai", "code": "11785504", "title": "Home chefs invade star hotel kitchens", "text": "BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Home-cooked food is entering 5-star hotel menus at the same time that 5-star gourmet dishes are entering home kitchens in a unique gastronomical agreement between homemakers and five-star chefs. While there's no written agreement between them, evolving dining trends at 5-star hotels and homes reflect this trade-off.It captures the trend of high-paying guests ($400 per night) at 5-star hotels wanting to taste 'ghar ka khana' while homemakers want the reverse: serving their families 5-star gourmet food at home.For instance, Taj Gateway Hotels has around 20 homemakers on its payroll, who cook home-style food of their region. The homemakers, who are on a monthly contract, work for 4-5 hours a day and dish out 6-8 varieties of home-cooked dishes which have been incorporated into a special menu known as Home-Style Regional Food. Each homemaker cooks 5-6 portions of each dish (one portion serves two to three persons), with the menu being changed every month.Taj Gateway Properties located in Coonoor, Ooty, Madurai, Ernakulam, Calicut, Vijayawada, Vishakapatnam, Bangalore, Chikmagalur, Mangalore, Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Nashik, Agra, Varanasi, and Khajuraho have homemakers as part-time chefs.As the home-style regional food menu is more in demand during dinner, homemakers work on a late afternoon to evening shift. \"However, at our property in Ernakulam we have three homemakers who cook every day. And this is the only property that also has a homemaker cooking a separate breakfast menu,\" says a source at the Taj. The source adds, \"In all our kitchens, we have created a separate space for homemakers to cook and have given them one or two assistants. As homemakers are not used to commercial kitchens and ingredients, we have provided them regular utensils and other paraphernalia that exists in a home kitchen.\"The home-cooked menu is not available for room service, as \"food cooked at home is served piping hot from the kitchen, which is the same experience we want to give guests in the hotel,\" says another source at the Taj.Hotels start courses for desperate housewives\"There is a big trend among five-star hotels to incorporate home-cooked food or mother's cooking into the menu as well in the buffet. Such foods are low on fat, use less oil, have simpler cooking techniques and are far simpler dishes in comparison to the commercial fanfare served, in particular, in buffets,\" says chef Nimish Bhatia, regional executive chef- south and master of trade at the Lalit Ashok. He adds, \"At our hotels, you'll notice that the buffets have dishes like home-style chicken curry, aloo gobi, aloo methi and phulkas to name a few, which are simple home-cooked dishes that people who travel often look forward to eating.\"Likewise, the ITC group of hotels is also incorporating home-cooked food as part of their menus. ITC's signature 'WelcomMeal' offers guests dal, rotis, a choice of 'vegetables for the day', a non-vegetarian or vegetarian curry, rice, salad and dessert served in portion sizes that suffice for a single diner. \"We ensure that our food and beverages encompass both ITC's signature branded cuisine and leverage the local cuisine of the region the hotels are located in,\" says a spokesperson of the hotel chain.Meanwhile, the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel, Mumbai, has plans to start a 10-week cooking and baking course for homemakers who want to treat their husbands and kids to exotic dishes. Celebrated chef of the Taj chain, Hemant Oberoi, is putting the pieces together for the module, which would also touch upon dining etiquette.\"We have been getting several requests from guests expressing their desire to spend a couple of days in the kitchen to learn how certain dishes are prepared. Some families want their domestic helps to be trained in international cuisines. Some young homemakers have approached us as they want to improve their culinary skills,\" said a Taj sourceThe course will be conducted at the Chef's Studio in the heritage wing of the 5-star property. According to Taj sources, \"The Taj Mumbai will be the experimental pad for the course. Later, we'll look at doing something similar in other cities as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gonda", "code": "11786078", "title": "UP polls: Gonda craves for development", "text": "GONDA: More than 50% of the families in Taliyanpurva village of Gonda are headed by a woman. Not because they have a matriarchal society but because men in these families live either in Maharashtra or Haryana.There are no jobs available locally. \"We have small farms which do not even produce enough foodgrains to sustain the family. So all men and sometimes women work in other states,\" said Nirmala Devi, whose husband Nanbabu works in Badalpur village of Haryana.Surjit Singh had come to his village following the death of a closed relative. Had it not been for this eventuality, he would have on Holi. \"Coming from Mumbai is not easy after all,\" he said. Singh works at a make-shift hotel that sells chokha-bati - a popular food in the eastern UP and Bihar. \"I save and send about Rs 2,000 a month to my family,\" he said.The same money helps Surjit's brother Ranjeet study further. But the latter doesn't want to study beyond class XII. \"I also want to contribute to the family earnings and not be a burden on any one else,\" said ranjeet. The logic behind residents heading to Maharashtra and Punjab is also common - direct connectivity between Mumbai and Punjab from Gonda station, the only positive these districts can think off. The stories of Surjit and Nanbabu are commonplace. But they represent two different generations. They also symbolize the life of their relatives in Balrampur.\"Politicians come and go, but our fate has not changed,\" said Pyare lal, a farmer in Balrampur's Tulsipur village. Tulsipur is also an assembly segment in Balrampur. Sitting MLA and trusted lieutenant of Yogi Adityanath, Mahant Kaushalendra Nath - is contesting elections once again. However, after he was sacked from BJP on allegations of being responsible for irregularities in the temple trust of Tulsipur, he is contesting as a candidate from Janta Dal United.Former sugarcane minister in BJP government Hanumant Singh has been fielded by BJP against the mahant. Son of mafia turned politician Rizwan Zaheer, Salmaan Zaheer, Masood Khan and Kamlesh Kumar represent BSP, SP and Congress parties on this seat. The twin cities of Gonda and Balrampur are parts of the Kaushal kingdom. In fact, Balrampur was carved out of Gonda in the late 1990s. Migration from Balrampur is a resultant of annual floods, lack of jobs and poor law and order scenario is the reason for exodus in Gonda. \"The district was to benefit from the Saryu Nahar Pariyojana.But delayed implementation of the scheme has failed the project completely. While the farmers who gave their land at a 'throwaway prices' did not get the assured benefits of canal, the problem of floods continued to dislocate people. Not only this, the acquired land went waste as the river changed its course,\" said SK Singh, a native of Balrampur. Pankaj Shukla, a native of Khaas gaon in Gonda, stated that he was mentally prepared to relocate anywhere in India. \"Despite the fact that my entire family lives here, I am prepared to leave. If I stay back, my life will not progress,\" he said.Shukla added that if given a chance, he would surely love earn his living in his land. But only time will tell what's in store for the place where candidates with criminal antecedents find political turfs. Gonda's Sadar assembly seat - where Shukla votes - is a classic example. The name of Vinod Singh alias Pandit Singh has figured in the multi-crore foodgrain scam and teams from the CBI reportedly conducted raids at his place. He is contesting on an SP ticket.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784481", "title": "30 lakh pupils to take HSC, SSC exams", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 17 lakh students will sit for the higher secondary certificate (HSC) examinations, which will start on February 21, while 13.46 lakh will appear for the secondary school certificate (SSC, std X) exams scheduled from March 1.Every paper will be followed by a day off during both examinations. The SSC students will have to score a minimum of 25% marks in the written exam for science &amp; technology and mathematics to pass.Addressing a news meet here on Monday, Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the board, said: \"For the HSC exams, 4.22 lakh students will appear in the science faculty, 5.15 lakh in arts, 3.48 in commerce and 59,211 students in the minimum competency vocational course.\"For environment, 40 marks will be given for project work and 60 for the written exam. It will be mandatory for both SSC and HSC students to score a minimum of 14 marks in project work and 21 in the written exam to pass the subject. The exam will be conducted by the respective school/college and the marks will be converted to grades and sent to the board.From this year, the SSC exam for mathematics and science &amp; technology will be conducted under the new syllabus. In order to pass language subjects, SSC students will have to score a total of 105 marks.The board has made elaborate arrangements to avoid malpractices.Flying and sitting squads, CCTV cameras and monitoring committees under the chairmanship of district collectors have been set up.A multiple-question paper system will be followed for English, second and third languages and general maths (Part I and II) for the SSC exams and English for the HSC exams.Students with disability will be given concessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787341", "title": "IT men raid racing bookies", "text": "BANGALORE: In a well-planned operation, hours after the Mumbai Derby, income tax officials raided the houses and offices of 10 horse race bookies here on Monday morning.The raids started as early as 6am and went on for more than seven hours. However, IT officers did not give details to the media.Raids were conducted on the houses and offices on Cunningham Road, Vasanthnagar and Kumarakrupa Road. Among the bookies raided are Bhagwan Ahuja of Amith Enterprises, Prasanna of RR Enterprises, Narahari, Govindaraju, Dasappa, Nirmal Raju and Shaila.In the evening, the officers went to the Bangalore Turf Club and asked the officials to shut down all the computers. They sought information on the volumes of betting, how bets were made, whether bookies paid taxes, etc.\"The raids were well planned. The officials knew that a lot of transactions had taken place during the Mumbai Derby. Before the bookies could move their money to different accounts, the surprise raids were conducted,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786349", "title": "CBI opposes Acharya bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Monday opposed the bail petition filed by suspended home secretary B P Acharya and charged him with allowing Emaar Properties to violate the basic principles of the agreement the state had with the company for developing villas, apartments, etc in the 535 acres of prime land.The CBI, which is investigating the Emaar scam case, on Monday charged the firm with violating the very objective of the MoU by selling away the plots at a high premium before developing it into apartments and villas and denying the state its due share.The land was given to them (Emaar) for developing villas and apartments and, in return, was given 74 per cent share while the state retained only 26 per cent in the hope that the company would transform the land into a township, B Ravindranath, the deputy legal advisor of CBI told the court when the latter took up the bail plea of Acharya, accused No One in the Emaar scam case.The CBI contended that of the 136 villa plots, as many as 133 were directly sold to private parties at a high price. Only three model villas were constructed and sold while the state was denied its due share even in this deal, the CBI counsel said.\"Do we need a Dubai company for selling our land? The state itself could have sold the same in auctions and earned revenue,\" Ravindranath said adding that Acharya should have directed the special purpose vehicle companies not to sell the land. Acharya was there as director in all the three special companies floated to develop township, hotel, golf course and convention centre and was party to the conspiracy and that was the reason why he kept both the APIIC board and the state government in the dark about the developments. He further stated that of the 136 villa plots, Hyderabad urban development authority gave approval only for 125. As many as 38 villa plot buyers, in their deposition, said that they had paid up to Rs 45,000 per square yard while the official price as shown in the records was Rs 5,000 per sq.yd.Two witnesses even confessed that they had deposited Rs 1.65 crore in the Dubai bank account of Koneru Madhu, another accused in the case, during Acharya's tenure as the MD of the APIIC, the CBI counsel said.The CBI counsel also brushed aside the ill health claims of Acharya and described them as a pretext to come out of jail.\"He is finding every possible excuse to go to hospital but doctors are not convinced about his complaints. This nails his falsehood,\" the counsel said.The Centre would surely accord us sanction to prosecute him, and if it does not come within three months, it would be deemed to have been given, the counsel said while dismissing the claims of Acharya that trial would take a long time and hence he should be released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "11786768", "title": "At DCM Presidency, it's a campus full of talent", "text": "JAMALPUR: Showcasing the unique blend of patriotism and cultural diversity, the tiny tots of DCM Presidency School, Jamalpur, presented an innovative musical concert titled 'Kiddies Pandora', which left an indelible imprint on hundreds of parents and other people who had gathered in the school auditorium to witness the spectacular show on Monday.The function began on a traditional note with a prayer dance of nursery students, who sought the blessings of Almighty for universal peace and harmony. They also presented a puppet dance was presented by the little ones who took the audience back to the golden era when this form of performing art was very popular. The little kathputlis danced to the old Hindi song, \"Jaha mein jati hun, wahi chale aate ho.\" With colourfully painted faces and customary Rajasthani costumes, the students won the hearts of everyone present on the occasion.Not to be left behind, the students of Class Prep-I presented patriotic dance sequences reflecting the cultural and customs of various states of the country. The little girls also presented scintillating fairy dance on \"I am princess\", followed by a Salsa on popular western number, \"Sha-la-la-la-la\". Little 'gabroos' and 'muthiars' of the school presented a fusion of bhangra and giddha. Dr Akashdeep Singh, a medical specialist said, \"I never expected my 3-year-old son to perform so well.\"Another specialist, Dr Navdeep lauded the efforts of the school teachers for taking so much pain to make the tiny tots perform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785261", "title": "Mixed reactions on govt's proposed single engg entrance for all", "text": "NAGPUR: The government is proposing a single entrance exam to all engineering colleges in the country. It's second proposal to give almost 40% weightage to class XII is being decried by IIT coaching institutes. The government is in consultation with all stakeholders and it is expected that it will be applicable from 2014. Abhishek Bansal, who manages a coaching centre, condemned the new proposal saying that HSC exams of different states are not at par with each other.\"This JEE is going to be a disaster as it has not been well thought out at all. I am sure the courts will strike down the test whenever it comes up before them. There is no equivalency between class XII syllabus in various states so how can you gauge the performance of the students? The Right To Equality will be violated by this JEE.\"He added that class XII marks can be the eligibility criteria, not a qualifying one. \"Standard XII marks are not reflective of the IIT scores by students. Last year, the All India Rank 5 student Nishit Lahoti, had scored only 78 per cent in his board exams. Had he passed out in the near future when this JEE is implemented then Nishit would not have got admission at all, which is a farce,\" said Bansal.However in contrary to their views, some institutes feel that 10+2 marks must be given weightage in the entrance exam. Overwhelmingly supporting the new proposal, owner of a private coaching class Rajnikant Bondre said, \"This is a good proposed step taken by the government as students hardly give any importance to class XII exams. Once this new format of JEE becomes a reality, students will focus more on the board exams while still keeping their aptitude open for the entrance exam.\"Endorsing his views, CEO of a national IIT coaching centre Krishna Rao said that an equivalent syllabus should be ensured to add to the fairness of the exam. \"I have no issues with this new proposal but I am sceptical on the equivalency issue. There has to be a mechanism to ensure that the syllabus of state boards are at par with each other when marks are taken into account,\" he said.Commenting on priorities of students, he said that they should attend college on a regular basis as it helps them develop their social skills and other attributes which will prove beneficial to them in the near future. Welcoming the new proposal, director of city branch of Bansal classes Madhuri Potwar said that the difficulty levels of all the boards should be the same to ensure uniformity. \"I don't think it will affect the competition among students much but they surely will have to put extra efforts to score well in both the exams,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11785980", "title": "It is nothing personal, says Isro boss", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after a panel report found \"serious\" administrative and procedural lapses on the part of former Isro chief G Madhavan Nair and three other scientists in the Antrix-Devas deal, space agency chief K Radhakrishnan said there was nothing personal in it.\"Whatever we really wanted to say on the subject, we have put on the website. There is a full report. And there is a four-page statement. I don't want to add anything more. There is nothing personal it it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11784621", "title": "Two feared drowned while crossing Morbe dam", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Two villagers from Khalapur taluka in Raigad district reportedly drowned while trying to cross Morbe dam in a small, makeshift boat on Sunday evening.Four others, who were also attempting to cross the dam, have been rescued. The bodies of the victims who drowned are yet to be found.Deputy superintendent of police (Khalapur division), Namrata Patil, said, \"Around 7pm on Sunday, some of the local villagers were attempting to go to the other side of the dam in a boat made of rubber tubes and wood. However, they drowned.\"The two victims have been identified as Jagan Sahu Kedari (26) of Ambewadi village and Vilas Balu Bhagat (26) of Bhaktachi Wadi village.Patil added that many villagers often try to use this dangerous short cut in order to reach their villages. \"Since Morbe dam is a prohibited zone, such an activity is not only dangerous, but also illegal. We have asked the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation ( NMMC), which is in charge of Morbe dam, to increase security here,\" she added.Underwater divers from Mumbai have been called in to assist in the search operations. Situated at Chowk, approximately 60km from Mumbai, Morbe dam in Raigad district provides 280 million litres of water per day to Navi Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787314", "title": "IIM-B executives to learn from sports", "text": "BANGALORE: IIM-Ranchi wanted to map MS Dhoni's brain, and he became a case study in IFIM. Sports and management have never been disconnected. Now, it's IIM-B which is coming up with a sports-based education programme.The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIM-B) will tie up with Tenvic, a professional sports consulting company owned by cricketer Anil Kumble, for a two-day sports-based executive education programme for middle and senior managers.The programme will leverage the experiences of sportspersons to develop a learning platform for corporate executives and help them approach day-to-day situations differently. The programme titled 'Learnings from Sport' is scheduled to be rolled out on March 16 and 17.As part of this programme, successful sportspersons from various sports will share their anecdotal experiences. Classroom sessions, interactive talk, panel discussions, video-based case studies and informal interactions will be part of the learning frameworks co-created by IIM-B and Tenvic.The programme will expose participants to several innovative concepts like altruistic mentoring, performance-based leadership, managing the ups and downs of the game, cross-training and equipping with skills beyond their role and leadership jugglery.Said Shyamal Roy, chairperson, executive education programmes, IIM-B: \"Being a first-of-its-kind programme, it gives us a headstart in exploring the various facets of leadership and other behavioural traits that the corporate world can learn from the sports world. This programme cuts across the conventional management experiences and draws on the learning from sports to empower corporates to tackle challenging business situations,\" said Hari Iyer, VP, Learning from Sports, Tenvic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11786740", "title": "More coaches in Avantika Express soon", "text": "INDORE: Indore-Mumbai Avantika Express would be soon added with a few more coaches making it a 24-coach train after the construction work on platform in Mumbai will get over by March 21. The 19-coach platform in Mumbai is lately being converted into 24-coach platform, which would enable western railways to increase the number of coaches in the train.\"There has been demand for augmentation of train for quite sometime from the people of Indore,\" said a senior railway official on condition of anonymity, adding that looking into the long-pending demand the western railways has decided to begin the work of extending the platform. The work on platform extension in Mumbai Central will begin soon this month and will be completed by March 21.At present there are two platform at Indore Railway station which can accommodate trains with 21 coaches. \"But only platform number three is operational as there is a pathway on platform number 5 due to which the 21-coach train is not run from there,\" said the official.The work on platform extension in Mumbai Central will begin soon this month and will be completed by March 21. At present there are two platform at Indore Railway station which can accommodate trains with 21 coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786164", "title": "Hike in maintenance cost angers traders", "text": "GURGAON: The HSIIDC has introduced a threefold hike in the annual maintenance charges to be paid by the industrialists of IMT Manesar.This year the corporation is demanding around Rs16 per square metre for maintenance from every plot owner - quite a leap from last year's Rs 6.97 per square metre or from the 2010 rates which were merely Rs3 per sq mt.This inflationary trend hasn't gone down well with the local industrial community, which is now demanding the expenditure detail from the HSIIDC. \"We want to understand how they could suddenly hike the rates by such a margin,\" said an industrialist in IMT sector 3. HSIIDC charges maintenance for the basic upkeep of the area every year, and the plot owners are asked to pay up retroactively, at the beginning of the new year. Industrialists only get to know the new rates when they receive their annual maintenance bill. \"They don't announce anything as such. There is no understanding previously, in terms of what the maintenance work they are going to do. We just get the bills and are asked to pay up,\" said another industrialist. Industry representatives have said that they will be meeting the HSIIDC head in Manesar on Tuesday.\"We have written to the HSIIDC twice now, asking for the details of expenditure, and we haven't got any response,\" said Manmohan Gaind of the Manesar Industrial Welfare Association. The local associations are also pushing for taking away the maintenance work from the corporation's ambit, for better clarity in terms of funds. \"Under the Bhagidari system, the industrial association should get the responsibility to carry out all the maintenance work. We don't want the HSIIDC to be doing it,\" added Gaind. After Tuesday's meeting, the industry bodies might also take the RTI route to ensure that last year's spending has been legitimate.The trouble, according to some, is HSIIDC's retroactive mode of spending, which creates all the confusion. Collecting funds beforehand, and spending on development and maintenance accordingly would have made more sense. According to HSIIDC's IMT Manesar DGM, Divya Kamal, the reason for this year's hike has to do with the extended road-work which was done throughout the industrial area .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786912", "title": "Delhi high court rejects Chandolia\u2019s plea to drop criminal proceedings against him", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday rejected sacked telecom minister A Raja's former private aide RK Chandolia's plea to drop criminal proceedings against him in the 2G spectrum allocation case on the ground that CBI had obtained \"illegal\" sanction to prosecute him.Justice ML Mehta dismissed Chandolia's plea and said, \"There was prima facie incriminating material against the petitioner and the sanctioning authority has granted sanction under Section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act after due application of mind. I do not find any merit in the present petition. It is accordingly dismissed.\"Rejecting Chandolia's argument that no sanction under CrPC was obtained by the probe agency, the judge said, \"I am of the view that no sanction under Section 197 CrPC was required in the instance case as the alleged acts of the petitioner did not fall within the scope of his official's duties.\"The court also rejected the petitioner's argument that the investigation was bad as it was done without permission under the Delhi Special Police Establishment (DSPE) Act. \"The FIR was initially registered against unknown persons and so, there was no initial permission required under DSPE Act,\" the court pointed out.Chandolia had moved the high court, challenging special CBI judge OP Saini's order rejecting his plea to discharge him in the case. Chandolia, arguing through advocate Vijay Aggarwal, sought to be discharged, contending CBI had not secured sanction as per CrPC provisions to try him for penal offences.Besides former minister Raja, 13 others including Chandolia and three private companies are facing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation case.Meanwhile, the court also dismissed the plea of Asif Balwa, director of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd, against the trial court's decision to decide the objections raised by him at the later stage of trial.\"The documents which are sought to be produced by the prosecution are voluminous. Having seen the way the evidence of the witnesses is being recorded and the objections being raised by the defence counsel as regard to the mode of proof of certain documents, it would be a cumbersome process to decide the objections then and there,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11787208", "title": "Highways to get hi-tech fix", "text": "Driving through the wide open spaces across Tamil Nadu could soon be a breeze. The state highways department has acquired cutting-edge technology to keep state and national highways and district roads in top condition.The department will profile 61,500km of the state's road network by December as part of a project to prioritise maintenance and repair of state and national highways and district roads. The exercise will involve collection of comprehensive data on the condition of the roads with two vehicles fitted with advanced road data collection equipment.The vehicles, purchased with World Bank assistance and owned by the Tamil Nadu Road Sector Project, are Mahindra Scorpio SUVs outfitted with Road Measurement Data Management Systems (Romdas) by New Zealandbased company Data Collection Ltd. Romdas incorporates Differential Global Positioning System (DGPS), high-resolution video cameras, bump integrators, and hi-tech devices like laser crack measurement systems and laser-based longitudinal profilometers. The sensors and measurement devices record information including road width, surface type, condition of surface, cracks and potholes, geometrical details, culvert location, gradient and camber (the incline from the median to the sides of the road), the presence of signboards and protruding trees.The system records data real-time as the vehicles are moving and stacks it up against benchmarks set by the Indian Roads Congress. It uses the information to identify roads that require repair, allowing the highways department to plan and budget maintenance operations optimally.An official from the Highways Research Station, Guindy, which will maintain the vehicles and the equipment, said the devices are currently being calibrated. \"Once this is done, the vehicles will travel the length and breadth of the state. Each vehicle will have two engineers who will operate the devices,\" he said.This will be only the second time that highways in the country have been profiled in such detail. \"Central Road Research Institute, New Delhi, acquired similar equipment, but consultants implemented the project.This is the first time that a state is doing an in-depth study of its highways on its own,\" the official said. Experts from Data Collection Ltd on Saturday started training highways department engineers how to use the system.Officials say the department will for the first time have access to scientifically collected data on highways in Tami Nadu. \"A central server in Chennai will analyse road conditions in different parts of the state and prioritise repair work.There will be no i n t e r -vention and maintenance will be carried out as required,\" said a senior highways department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11786202", "title": "PIL seeks restriction on exit polls", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A PIL was filed in the Allahabad High Court on Monday seeking mandamus commanding the Election Commission of India, State Election Commission and UP chief secretary and TV Channels to ensure the restriction on the publication and dissemination of results of opinion and exit polls imposed by Section 126-A of the Representation of Peoples Act, 1951 .The PIL has been filed by advocate Syed Mohd. Fazal. The PIL states that the said restriction on results of opinion and exit polls was also imposed by the Election Commission of India by a notification dated January 12, 2012. The petitioner has demanded that TV channels, newspapers and other media be restrained by the High Court from releasing the results of such polls during voting of the assembly election.The plea states that violation of restrictions imposed under the Representation of Peoples Act is a criminal act and those responsible for the breach would have to face punitive action. The PIL further states that such restriction would ensure free and fair elections as such opinion polls often influence the voters. The PIL will come up for hearing before a division bench of the high court on Wednesday.Uttar Pradesh assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11787246", "title": "UK student designs smartphone made from bamboo", "text": "LONDON: In a world's first, a 23-year-old British student has designed a mobile phone made from bamboo.Kieron-Scott Woodhouse of Middlesex University, who lives in Shepherds Bush in London, has said that he plans to release his product throughout Europe later this year, the 'Daily Mail' newspaper reported.Woodhouse, who studies product design, was frustrated with the lack of variety in the mobile phone market, and so he designed the bamboo handset in his leisure time. Made from four-year-old organically grown bamboo, which has been specially treated to ensure durability, the 'ADzero' phone runs on the Android operating system and is about half the size of an iPhone.Like many phones it will include a camera, but ADzero features technology called a 'ring flash' not available on any current mobile phone. A circular photographic flash around the camera's lens ensures even illumination and minimizes shadows.Woodhouse said: \"Bamboo may seem like a strange material to use for a phone, but it's actually extremely strong and very durable, perfect qualities for this kind of application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784870", "title": "City historian Sharada Dwivedi dead", "text": "MUMBAI: One of Mumbai's best-known historians, Sharada Dwivedi, who authored a series of books on the city's history, passed away on Monday. She was 69. Dwivedi, who had been suffering from flu for a week, was rushed to Bombay Hospital when her condition took a turn for the worse. She died on the way.Dwivedi, who was a member of the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee, is credited with opening the eyes of many Mumbaikars to the history in their midst.Mumbai's heritage loses its passionate chroniclerFew months ago, this journalist mistakenly listed city historian Sharada Dwivedi's phone number as the one to call for inquiries about a children's revue.A corrigendum was soon published, and when the journalist telephoned Dwivedi to apologise, the author chuckled and with typical humour said she wished she had the requisite information to convey to her callers. Ironically, it might have been the only time a hotline was provided (even if erroneously) to one of Mumbai's most feted living historians.Dwivedi was hailed as one of the few who opened Mumbai up to its people. The panoramic coffee-table book she authored with Rahul Mehrotra-Bombay: The Cities Within (1995)-was a watershed publication, breaking the old mould of 'city histories' with its conversational prose, breathtaking sepia images and broad detail. Other histories that followed (often co-authored) included works like Banganga: Sacred Tank On Malabar Hill, Fort Walks, and most recently The Taj At Apollo Bunder. Few of Dwivedi's friends and colleagues knew she had been unwell so the news came as a shock to all. \"The city has today lost its most remarkable biographer and its finest historian,\" says Abh a Narain Lambah, conservation architect.\"Sharada was my friend, mentor and guide. She taught me most of what I know about Mumbai and was my constant go-to person whenever I would begin working on a building's restoration. We were working together for UDRI's UNESCO Nomination Dossier for Mumbai's Art Deco and Victorian Buildings. We spoke a couple of days ago, and she asked me over to pick up a copy of her publishing house's new book on stained glass,\" Lambah added.Dwivedi was one of those who made many Mumbaikars realise their own.Dwivedi was a product of this city (educated at Queen Mary's School, Sydenham College and Bombay University, where she earned her degree in Library Science); but in a sense she was also conversely its author, rehabilitating it in popular imagination. Dwivedi's friend and fellow conservationist, Cyrus Guzder, says it was her ambition to have a large shelf of books on Mumbai, which was, in part, why she set up the publishing house Eminence Designs.\"She was interested in publishing everything pertaining to Mumbai's early history. She was knowledgeable but never came across as rigidly academic,\" Guzder says. He also recalls Dwivedi's unequivocal stance on issues of conservation. \"She never minced her words in the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee; she'd stick to her guns irrespective of municipal or political pressure, which is probably why they didn't give her a long-enough tenure on the committee.\"Her initial love for Victorian Mumbai was never compromised, but later in life Dwivedi developed a great affection for the city's art deco. \"She was passionate about it. She was irate when she learnt that the landlord of her art deco building had altered the shape of the windows,\" Guzder recounts. Another distinctive quality was her generosity.\"She was generous with her resources and her friendship,\" remembers Dr Jehangir Sorabjee, whose books on Mumbai's aerial imagery, Above Mumbai and Eye In The Sky, were published by Eminence Designs. It was Stephen Leacock who said, \"I never realized that there was history, close at hand, beside my very own home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11785509", "title": "'Climate change posing major agri challenge'", "text": "AKOLA: The 26th convocation of Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV), Akola, was held at the local university ground on Monday morning with Dr Arvind Kumar, deputy director general (education) Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) New Delhi, in the chair. A total 637 graduates were conferred degrees where as many were awarded gold and silver medals for their outstanding performance in various faculties.In his key note address, Dr Kumar insisted that rain-fed agriculture had a very important role in our country's economy, as it is practiced in 60% of the crop area and accounts for 45% of the total agriculture produce. He further pointed out that despite many new technologies being developed, rain-fed regions were still not able to increase the yield. \"Efforts are required to identify diversified and integrated farming systems and to ensure that they are effectively linked with watershed development projects,\" he added.Pointing out that climate change was emerging as a major challenge to agriculture, Dr Kumar said, \"ICAR is actively implementing the national initiative on climate resilient agriculture scheme and has set up a national institute of Abiotic Stress Management at Baramati.\"Former vice chancellor of PDKV Dr Anwar Alam was the chief guest to the function. He stressed on the need for quality education. Teachers should have the merit to pursue with the teaching profession, he added. PDKV vice chancellor Dr VM Mayande delivered the welcome speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785263", "title": "Isro is not beyond reproach, says Rakesh Sharma", "text": "PUNE: India's first man in space, Rakesh Sharma , described the current crisis in Isro, in the wake of the controversry triggered by the Antrix-Devas deal, as \"a human failure rather than an organisational failure.\"Sharma was in Pune to receive the Suryadatta National Lifetime Achievement award in the science and technology category. The award will be presented to him at a function at Tilak Smarak Mandir on Tuesday.Speaking to TOI during a 30-minute drive from Lohegoan airport to his hotel in downtown Pune, Sharma said the crisis in Isro along with other scams was \"indicative of our processes and also reflected scarce resources.\"\"We do not have foolproof systems and that is the reason why such scams occur. There is a lack of transparency,\" said Sharma, who was a part of the 1984 Indo-Soviet manned space mission.Asked if he thinks Isro's image has taken a beating, Sharma said the space agency is like any other organisation. \"Therefore, it is not beyond reproach.\" But he added: \"I do not have first-hand knowledge of what is happening and my observation is based on what I have read and heard.\"To a question about India planning an unmanned mission to Mars, he said that space exploration was important and that he hoped that it would not be a false start. According to him India launching a mission to Mars was important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789454", "title": "Shaad Ali returns to direction", "text": "After his last directorial debacle Jhoom Barabar Jhoom, Shaad Ali had stuck to assisting other filmmakers in their projects.But now, the filmmaker has decided to give it another shot. His next venture, after Saathiya, Bunty Aur Babli and Jhoom Barabar Jhoom will star Ranveer Singh in the lead role. The film will go on floors later this year.The development was confirmed by Ranveer's close friend, who responded on the actor's behalf.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the film will be produced by Yash Raj Films. This will also mark YRF's third project with Ranveer completing their three-film-deal with the actor. The heroine is still to be decided.Earlier, Shaad had planned to cast Shahid in his next but the actor didn't show much interest in the filmmaker's offer. In fact, a source close to the production house revealed that even Ranveer wasn't too inclined towards Shaad's film initially. However, now the two of them have sorted out their issues.\"Ranveer and Shaad are now on the same page and ready to work together. They go back a long way. He assisted Shaad in Jhoom Baraabar Jhoom and the two have been close friends since then. It was Shaad who showed Ranveer around in the industry and introduced him to important filmmakers,\" added the source.According to the source, Shaad had asked Ranveer to star in his film even before Band Baja Baarat went on floors. Said the source, \"Anyway, all's well that ends well. The two of them met recently, had a long chat and decided to go with Shaad's idea.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "model gram", "code": "11786795", "title": "For Mittal, it's a mix of professional &amp; personal aims", "text": "MODEL GRAM: Raj Mittal, 46, of Model Gram, a chartered accountant, like a true professional wants to imbibe the qualities of Amarjeet Chopra, former president of Institute of Chartered Accountants Association of India (ICAAI), before the world comes to an end in 2012.\"Amarjeet Chopra, former president of ICAAI, is a big name in our profession because of his professional skills and administrative qualities. I want to imbibe all his knowledge before the world comes to an end,\" says Raj Mittal.After fulfilling professional commitments, he wants to travel. \"My next wish is to go to Alaska in America on an adventure trip with my friends , including Dr Vishwa Nath Sood of Pakhowal road, Ashok Arora of Sarabha Nagar, Suresh Arora of BRS Nagar, Paritosh Garg of Sarabha Nagar and Naresh Sethi of Sarabha Nagar. The choice of Alaska is because my friend Sanjeev Sahuja praised the place a lot. As far as going with family is concerned, including my wife Bhaya, daughter Gunjan and son Kashish, I have taken them to America and Europe, so now would love to go to Kerala with them. It is a lovely, pollution-free, all season tourism destination in India,\" he says. Meeting superstar Amitabh Bachchan is next on his wish card.After these wishes, he wants to buy his favourite vehicle. \"Though I own a Honda Civic car, it is my wish to buy the latest model of Jaguar. However, my 12-year-old son insists on buying Audi A 6. Hopefully, he will agree to my wish.\"Lastly, he would like to meet the child in him again. In a nostalgic mode, Mittal says, \"I wish my school time comes back though I know it never will. That was the time when there were no worries and life was very beautiful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11785740", "title": "Police picket on campus for college poll", "text": "MALDA: A police picket has been posted at Malda College on Monday to prevent any untoward incident during the students' union election.Security personnel of a private agency were also deployed on the campus and they would remain there till the election ends on February 22.Several incidents of campus violence have been reported from across the district in the recent past. On Saturday night, some SFI activists were allegedly attacked by Trinamool Congress supporters at Pakuahat College. The attackers were allegedly led by former KLO activist Malkhan Singh, who has recently joined TMC.On Friday night, there was a clash between two factions of TMCP at English Bazaar.TMCP president Safikul Islam and working president Ujjwal Sk were injured in the clash.This time, the election at Malda College is in focus. For the past few years, SFI has been in control of the union. This year, however, it will be challenged by TMCP-CP.Fearing clashes, the college has asked for posting of policemen and private security personnel on the campus. Only students with ID cards are being allowed on campus.are hence being allowed to enter the college only if they have identity cards. Principal Aniruddha Sengupta said, \"In the wake of the recent tension regarding the students' union elections, this decision was taken to restrict the outsiders.\"The students' organizations have also welcomed the decision. Animesh Sinha, district SFI secretary, said, \"If college authorities take such a decision for internal security, we have nothing to object.\"Chhatra Parishad leader Prosenjit Das said, \"It is a good step on part of the college. But it must be ensured that police do not take any partisan role.\" \"The education department has taken such a decision to ensure peaceful election. It would be beneficial for the students,\" said TMC youth leader Amlan Bhaduri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785767", "title": "Vitamin A supplements stock runs dry in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Children in the state are deprived of vitamin A supplement administered during routine immunization as stocks have run dry for around eight months now.Given the number of undernourished children in the state, this has raised concern among parents and paediatricians. Apart from protecting them from night blindness, viral and other diseases caused by malnutrition, vitamin A supplement is known to have a long lasting impact on children's health.The first dose of the supplement is given to nine-month-old babies along with the measles vaccine during routine immunization. A total of five doses need to be administered to a child, with subsequent doses given every six months. This supplement is very essential especially for infants who are malnourished.\"Vitamin A supplement is very essential for undernourished children. If they do not get the supplement, they run the risk of getting night blindness and their corneas might get damaged. Deficiency of Vitamin A is also associated with increased respiratory infection and diarrhoeal diseases in undernourished children,\" said Dr Mrinal Kanti Chatterjee, paediatrician and principal of Dr BC Roy Memorial Hospital for Children.Even before night blindness or dim vision hits children without vitamin A intake, malnourished children could immediately be affected by other health complications.According to doctors, vitamin A deficiency exposes malnourished children to 25% higher risk of death from measles, malaria and diarrhoea. \"If the child has access to a well-balanced and nutritious diet, missing doses of vitamin A supplement would not matter much. But this supplement is vital for children who suffer from malnutrition orare undernourished. Given the number of undernourished children in the state, unavailability of vitamin A supplement during routine immunization is a matter of great concern,\" said Dr Saugata Acharyya, consultant paediatrician at CMRI.Dilip Ghosh, director of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), West Bengal, confirmed the shortage of supply. Ghosh, however, was not sure about the reason behind it.\"This problem arises from time to time whenever there is irregular supply from New Delhi. Health officials in the capital would know the reason for shortage in supply. In the meantime, we have asked the Centre's ministry of health and family welfare to allow the state to procure the stock itself. But this can happen only in the next financial year,\" said Ghosh. Officials in the ministry appeared unaware about the crisis.\"I had no idea about this problem. There was a dialogue with West Bengal health officials on procuring the supply on its own. I have to check up what exactly led to shortage of supply in West Bengal,\" said Dr Ajay Khera, deputy commissioner (child health and immunization) of the ministry and health and family welfare, Government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787084", "title": "Malayalam, Tamil writers blame politicos for dam row", "text": "CHENNAI: Hitting out at the politicians for the Mullaperiyar dam row, writers from Tamil Nadu and Kerala on Monday issued a joint statement condemning the 'attempts by politicians to pit the people of the two states against each other.'\"We believe that the Mullaperiyar issue should be solved by the governments of the respective states, by acting on advice of engineers and the judiciary, and guided by political foresight. Neither ethnic nor language differences should be allowed to come in the way,\" the writers said.Seeking the support of all Tamils and Malayalees in making their appeal a success, the writers urged for a dialogue to solve the issue. \"We urge that a conducive atmosphere , which encourages people-to-people dialogue, be created without any delay. If anything, we now find that the politicians on both sides of the border are fanning unwarranted linguistic and ethnic passions, muddying the waters further - thus preventing all efforts to converge at a durable solution,\" it said.Since both Tamil and Malayalam were born from the same linguistic family, people from both the states have long enjoyed a bond, it said. Some of those who signed the document included novelists Sethu and Paul Zakaria, poets K Sachithanandan, Salma, and Gnani ( journalist).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11785973", "title": "Government moots new aquaculture policy for state", "text": "KOCHI: The state government proposes to come up with a state aquaculture policy to enhance cultured fish production in the state.The fisheries department has put forth the proposal for cabinet approval. It has also come up with a government order notifying the setting up of a 11-member expert panel to propose recommendations for an effective policy.The names of international aquaculture expert M N Kutty as the chairman of the panel and the fisheries joint director as the panel convenor has been proposed. The other names have not been finalized but experts from universities and fishery institutions will be among the members.\"A policy is needed to look at ways to enhance fish production in the state, which has a high potential for aquaculture. Yet Kerala's contribution is less than 2% of the country's production,\" said fisheries minister K Babu.He said there were a lot of pokkali farms (paddy cultivated in water with low salinity) that also had aquaculture and added, \"We need to promote inland fisheries culture\".The government is also looking at the resources, fields that can have only one crop at a time and also the leasing policy for fish farming. \"At present, the land can be leased for just one year. But no bank lends loan for such a short lease period. So, the policy will look into such issues,\" said Ajayan, joint director, fisheries department, Thiruvananthapuram. He said there were factors of pollution and inland fisheries development that needed to be looked into, and rules formulated accordingly.\"We have to look at the zonation of water bodies and Kol wetlands to identify where aqua farming can be done,\" said C Mohanakumaran Nair, pro-vice-chancellor, Kerala Fisheries University. On the problems of aquaculture in the state, he said there were several environmental and socio-economic aspects that would need serious discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786478", "title": "Bullet in head: Boy's parents accuse hospital of negligence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The investigation of the case of an 11-year-old boy, a resident of Jagatpuri in east Delhi, who was diagnosed with a bullet injury in his head, has sent the cops in a tizzy as to who could have shot the child. Meanwhile, even as the child's parents have alleged improper treatment at the Hedgewar hospital, the doctors there clarified that he had only been treated for a head injury on the basis of statements given by those who brought him there.While acknowledging the fact that the boy was brought to the hospital for treatment on February 2, Rajesh Kalra, medical superintendent, Hedgewar Arogya Sansthan, said, \"The parents of the child said that he may have fallen into a pit while playing. The doctors gave him a tetanus injection and stitched and dressed the wound. He was discharged after that. Now that other claims have arisen, we have set up an enquiry panel that will give its report in three days.\" The hospital authorities said that a doctor needs to have a history of the patient and in this case the parents were not aware of it.However, the child's parents have accused the hospital of negligence. \"How could such a big government hospital not advise an x-ray or a CT scan. Our child could have died if we had not brought him to the Jain Neuro Centre,\" said Sunil Bhargav, the child's father. According to him, the boy was playing outside a temple and waiting for the bhandara when he suddenly fell down.Meanwhile, police sources said on Monday that the nature of injury suggests that a bullet of caliber .315 bore had hit the boy pointing towards a country-made pistol being used in the shooting. The cops have been questioning local miscreants of the area to find out if they were involved. Sources said that the police detained two persons for questioning, but they were later released as no evidence of their involvement was found.\"We have registered a case of attempt to commit culpable homicide under section 308 of IPC and are investigating the matter. The motive behind the incident is unclear while the suspects are also not known. Probe is on in this regard and very soon we will get a breakthrough in the case,\" said Prabhakar, DCP (East).Meanwhile, the doctors at Jain Neuro center, where the child is being treated, removed a 1.5 inch bullet from the child's head 72 hours after he received the injury. The doctors said that Nakul is out of danger and will be discharged within a week if he showed steady signs of improvement.When TOI spoke to the child, he said, \"I was sitting with two of my friends when I heard a loud noised, like that of a cracker and the next moment I fell in the drain. My friends raised an alarm and soon I was taken to the hospital. I don't know what has happened to me.\"The child's parents said that when they got the child back from Hedgewar hospital after treatment, his head again started to ooze out blood. The boy also began to vomit and complained of severe headache. He was then taken to a local clinic where a CT scan was advised. In the CT scan report, a metallic/glass piece was detected in the right part of his head. He was taken to a neurology specialty hospital in the area on February 3. During operation, the doctors found out a bullet inside his head. The parents were shocked to hear this and approached cops for help, who registered a case on February 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11787443", "title": "Inter-state hockey tournament in Hubli from February 9", "text": "HUBLI: Young Stars Sports Club will organize an inter-state hockey from February 9 to 12 in Hubli. Speaking to reporters here on Monday, club president Yamanur Gudihal said that hockey teams from Mysore, Kolar, Bagalkot, Pune, Kolhapur, Sangli, Hubli, Bijapur, Tirupati and Haveri will be invited to participate in inter-state hockey competition.The hockey ground has been made ready for the competition. Accommodation and food will be provided for all the teams. One way train ticket amount will be reimbursed for players, he said.First prize carries Rs 12,000, second prize Rs 8,000 and third prize carries Rs 4,000, and Rs 1,000 will be awarded to the best team of the tournament, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "11785786", "title": "Tax collection camps in the Hills", "text": "DARJEELING: The Hills municipality has chalked out a unique approach to coax defaulters into paying their taxes. It has decided to go to people instead of making them come to the office to make their payment.According to municipality officials, the move surprisingly has become a hit as people have started paying their taxes. \"The response has been positive from people.We have made good collection in just a few days,\" said Amar Singh Rai, Darjeeling Municipality chairman.The idea of going to the people had cropped up in the municipality's board of councillor's meeting. \"Tax department staff made the suggestion in our board meeting. I felt it was a rather unique approach and so gave the green signal to the department,\" said Rai.The process is simple.The Municipality first identifies the taxpayers from a ward through their holding numbers. It then verifies whether they are defaulting. Once this is ascertained, tax department officials hold a meeting with the ward councillor.\"We identify beforehand who are the defaulters.The councillor concerned asks these defaulters to attend a camp in their ward. In the camp not only do we collect unpaid taxes but also make people aware of the need to comply with municipality rules. Besides, we also see that we listen to people's problems if they have any,\" said Rai.The municipality has conducted camps in four wards already and has found several cases of defaulting. Several people have been defaulting for as long as eight to nine years. \"There are small defaulters who have not paid their tax for one year. But, surprisingly there are also cases where a single person has dues to the amount of Rs 4 lakhs that has not been paid for over eight years,\" said Subhamaya Chatterjee, the tax department councillor, adding that at least sixty percent of people in Darjeeling default in tax payment.According to records till the month of October last year, dues to the tune of over Rs 8 crore were pending on account of various taxes. It is the hotels that are the biggest defaulters according to the councilor. \"One of the hotels in the town alone has Rs.17 lakh in tax pending which is additional to the earlier amount of Rs.22 lakhs,\" said Chatterjee. To ensure strictness, the Municipality has also decided to cut off water supply and sewage lines of the owner of building and houses who are found defaulting henceforth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785216", "title": "MSRTC gives college students a day off", "text": "NASHIK: Hundreds of students from colleges on the Trimbakeshwar route woke up to a surprise on Monday after the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), which had diverted some buses for election work, thereby curtailing services, announced that colleges on the route were closed for two days. The MSRTC was running short of buses as it had to provide a large number for election duty to the district administration, which is making arrangements for the ZP polls scheduled for today.On Monday, students from colleges in Trimbakeshwar gathered at Mela Stand to board the 8am. However, even as the clock struck 9.30am, buses were nowhere to be seen, and when the students started shouting, the stand controller said he was helpless. The MSRTC, however, went a step ahead and announced that a holiday had been declared in all colleges. \"When we called the college, we were told there was no holiday. But we couldn't attend college as taxi drivers jacked up fares,\" student Sarang Shah said.College authorities were angry that the MSRTC had unilaterally announced the holiday when they were not informed about it. \"The traffic controller spoke to college officials in the morning and explained the situation to them. Only after that did we put up the notice - but that was information and not our claim,\" senior depot manager-1, Rajan Devre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784455", "title": "Byculla brawl mars festival for youth", "text": "MUMBAI: A youth of 24, who was part of an Eid procession, was stabbed by a group of men in Byculla on Sunday night.The police said the procession was winding its way through Bhendi Bazaar. Sheikh was in one truck and his attackers in another. As each vehicle tried to overtake the other, the men got into an argument that soon escalated into a brawl. When the procession entered Byculla, Sheikh was attacked with a knife and suffered light wounds in the stomach and arm. He was taken to JJ Hospital, which discharged him after a few hours.Inspector Arun Ghanawde of the Byculla police station said the attackers fled the scene. \"It is difficult to identify them. We are trying to arrest them based on descriptions provided by Sheikh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785458", "title": "Citizens oppose construction of amphitheatre on Vetal hill", "text": "PUNE: Members of the Deccan Gymkhana Parisar Samiti, a citizen's organisation, have opposed the proposed construction of an open-air amphitheatre and bird watching post near the quarry at Vetal tekdi. According to the members of the samiti, the Rs 40 lakh project, proposed by the state forest department, PMC and an NGO, will do irreparable damage to the ecological sanctity of the hill.A statement issued by the samiti on Monday said a bird watching post and an amphitheatre in one place would result in human activity and this would frighten the birds, including the migratory ones. \"It would attract crowd, more noise and litter in this area. We demand no construction at the quarry and on the hill. We want to retain the identity of the hill as a forest and not a garden or a park,'' the samiti members said.They pointed out that the civil work is being undertaken in an ad hoc manner, without formal engineering drawings and decisions are being made on the spot. \"All the projects on the forest or public land should be completely transparent and the relevant documents should be accessible in the public domain,\" they said.Sujit Patwardhan of Parisar, a civil society organisation, who has also opposed the proposed construction, said, \"Hills should be left alone. To watch birds, you do not need an amphitheatre. These are open spaces and no construction should be allowed. With the construction of roads, it will bring along all other human activities.\"Patwardhan said the organisation has spoken to the additional municipal commissioner and garden chief and highlighted that the proposed construction would be detrimental for the birds in the quarry and also the ecology of the region. \"It will encourage people to take two-wheelers and cars down to the quarry. The paved road will only make it easier for people to flout rules,\" he said.Others who have opposed this construction include Satish Khot from the National Society of Clean Cities, town planner Aneeta Benninger, ornithologist Satish Pande, among others. They have also written a letter to the municipal commissioner to view their consideration prior to any construction on Vetal tekdi.When contacted, Naresh Zurmure, additional municipal commissioner and garden chief, said he has stopped the construction work for amphitheatre on the Vetal hill. \"We had undertaken the project and it was approved. However, after the environmentalists pointed out that it will interfere with the birds, I have stopped the construction work. We do not want to cause any disturbance to birds. There will be a meeting in this regard on February 9,\" he said.ends/dipa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11787197", "title": "NAPA delegates express concern over widespread use of drugs, liquor in Punjab", "text": "AMRITSAR: A delegation of North American Punjabi Association (NAPA) that is presently visiting Punjab has expressed serious concern about the widespread increase in the use of drugs and consumption of liquor by the youth of Punjab. \"This menace which is having an adverse impact on the physical and mental health of a large number of Punjabi youths is responsible for increase in robberies, thefts, rape cases, besides other crimes,\" said president of NAPA Satnam Singh Chahal, while talking to TOI on Monday.He said the NAPA delegates had widely travelled across Punjab. He added they had met political leaders of various parties, candidates who contested elections, besides social and religious groups and discussed with them plans to initiate development projects in the fields of agriculture, education and industry. They had also felt the need for infrastructure development and good governance in the state in order to attract foreign investment, he pointed out.Chairman, NAPA, Dilwinder Singh Dhoot said that they had also studied the impact of pollution on environment, adulteration, besides uncontrolled use of fertilizers, insecticides and pesticides in farming which had ruined the health of the people and increased the spread of cancer and other diseases.\"The rivers of Punjab which were once the pride of the nation, are so dirty and polluted that they are affecting the health of people and animals,\" he said. Dhoot said the Kali bein near Sultanpur where Guru Nanak used to take a bath every morning was now even unfit for birds and animals to take a dip in. The delegates while observing that Punjab's fiscal health was deplorable said that the state was under huge debt and needed drastic changes to set the things right.Other members of the delegation included Santokh Singh Judge, Inderjit Singh, Surjit Singh Cheema, Charanjit Singh Gumtala, Preetam Singh Kalsi and Mohan Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785810", "title": "Sunderbans gets the green light for new sanctuary", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems the chief minister's dreams of making Sunderbans a tourism hotspot is fast taking shape.Barely five days after Mamata Banerjee paid a two-day visit to the mangroves, the state bureaucrats - losing no further time - on Monday approved the formation of a new wildlife sanctuary in Sunderbans, the largest among all the sanctuaries it has now.With tourism topping the agenda for the state foresters, it seems the proposal - doing the rounds since the last six months - was granted the go-ahead keeping in mind more tourist footfalls in the delta. It may be noted that the Sunderbans gets around 30,000 to 40,000 tourists a year and the numbers are expected to will only go up once the new sanctuary - West Sunderbans Wildlife Sanctuary - becomes operational.However, the foresters cited are citing a 'better management' as their prime focus for creation of the forest park. \"Not only tourism, the 462 square kilometers which will be demarcated as the new sanctuary, will come under better management,\" said Pradeep Vyas, director, Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve.Though the state wildlife advisory board has cleared the proposal, some administrative paperwork needs to be completed. are now in the line.According to an official, the proposal will now be notified under section 18 of the Wildlife Protection Act for the time being. The rights and concession issues will then be taken into account before the final notification is given under section 26A of the same act.The new wildlife sanctuary in the mangroves will cover Dhulibhashani 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8 and Chulkathi 1 to 8 compartments.\"The proposed sanctuary will have Dhulibhashani 1 to its north, Bay of Bengal to its south and rivers Matla and Thakuran to its east and west respectively,\" said the official, adding that while 224.26 square kilometres will fall under Dhulibhashani, 238.13 square kilometres will come under Chulkathi.The existing sanctuaries in the mangroves are Sajnekhali Wildlife Sanctuary, covering an area of over 362 square kilometres, Lothian Wildlife Sanctuary, spread over 38 square kilometres area and Haliday covering six square kilometers.A state wildlife board member said the new sanctuary will restrict illegal entry into the forests. \"We will issue fresh boat licence certificates (BLCs) to the fishermen who will venture out for fishing in the area,\" said Vyas. At present, 3,500 licences are given to boat owners in South 24-Parganas forest division and 960 BLCs are issued under Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR).A section of wildlife experts is worried about the infrastructure for proper maintenance of the sanctuary. \"Right now, the forest department is functioning with only 50% of sanctioned staff strength,\" said a forest department official. According to Vyas, the department now has 300 staffers, of which 175 are frontline staffers associated with the protection of the forests. \"We are planning to set up a protection camp near Chulkathi soon. Additional staff at the level of forest guard will also be recruited,\" he said adding that recently installed camera traps have captured four different adult tigers in Chulkathi in the last four days. \"This shows the area has tigers and needs a detailed management plan so that the wildlife can be protected.\"Meanwhile, Gorumara sanctuary in north Bengal will soon have pygmy hogg - an endangered species of small pigs that inhabit the north-eastern forests. Successfully bred in captivity at Assam's Manas sanctuary, the hoggs will be relocated at Gorumara and three other locations in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11786205", "title": "Why the Kolaveri craze di? Dhanush gyaan at IIM-A", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Managers-to-be at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) will learn the art of viral marketing from the man who has re-defined the concept. National award winning actor Dhanush, who has become a household name after the success of 'Kolaveri Di', will deliver a lecture and discuss the success story of the soup song at the premier institute on Tuesday.Dhanush along with cousin and music composer Anirudh Ravichander, will address a class of about 130 students of Contemporary Film Industry (CFI) course at IIM-A. Bharathan Kandaswamy, faculty and co-ordinator of the course, says, \"The hour-and-a-half long lecture will focus on the success story of Kolaveri Di, perception and insights by Dhanush and Anirudh, viral marketing and social media.Today's youth are very quick in sharing experiences and this can be an effective tool in marketing.\" The song, from upcoming Tamil film '3' (Moondru), created mass hysteria on cyberspace since its digital release on November 16. The song sung by Rajinikanth's son-in-law became a raging success online with over 10 million downloads. Incidentally, Kandaswamy is the executive director of film production company Kavithalayaa Productions, founded by veteran filmmaker K Balachander who discovered Rajinikanth .Dhanush tweeted, \"Gearing up to make my speech at IIM institute ahmedabad tom. I don kno good english. but who cares, I'm an indian. not english.\" The IIMs have been treating the popular song Kolaveri Di as a classic example of viral marketing. Most IIMs have screened the song in class to discuss how the same strategy can be used by companies to leverage their marketing activities. Students have also carried out case studies on Kolaveri Di.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786585", "title": "MPHC: Tech institutions can subscribe to Indian e-journals", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh High Court on Monday allowed technical institutions to subscribe to Indian e-journals this academic year. This was after the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) told the court that it would not reject any application for recognition during the current session for not complying with its new policy which prescribes mandatory subscription of foreign e-journals.Disposing a petition filed by Private Technical Colleges Association (Feprotech) challenging the new AICTE policy for mandatory subscription of foreign e-journals, a bench comprising Justice K K Lahoti and Justice Vimla Jain ordered that technical institutions could submit Indian e-journals along with their applications for recognition from AICTE.Earlier on January 25, the high court had passed interim orders directing AICTE not to cancel registration of any institution just on this ground. The court had asked the technical education regulator to file an affidavit in reply to the petition.Petitioner's counsel Siddharth Radhelal Gupta told TOI over telephone from Jabalpur that AICTE filed an affidavit on Monday, clarifying that it would not initiate proceedings for cancellation of recognition of those institutes that would subscribe to Indian e-journals during academic session 2012-13. He said technical education institutes can now subscribe to e-journals of three Indian companies-Delnet, Indest and J gate. He said the high court took the AICTE affidavit on record and maintained in its order that the petitioners were free to approach the court again during the next academic session.Gupta said the petitioners had challenged AICTE's revised policy on journals in which, for the first time, it had prescribed mandatory subscription of foreign e-journals on computers, engineering management, pharmacy, architecture, and bio-technology and hotel management.The annual subscription costs of these e-journals varied from 1,000 to 6,000 US dollars. The petitioner had argued that AICTE direction would put a tremendous financial burden on technical institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785322", "title": "Fan, kite, cup-saucer snapped up as poll symbols", "text": "NAGPUR: Fan, kite, gas cylinder, television, violin, even a huge drum. All these are symbols that were allotted to independent candidates who are in the fray for the ensuing civic elections.NMC's election department on Monday allotted free election symbols to independents and candidates from unregistered political parties for the NMC elections to be held on February 16.Interestingly, kite, cup-saucer and gas cylinders are the most sought after symbols for these candidates. Elections officials said that these symbols are preferred since they are most visible and present in almost every family.According to statistics available with the NMC's election department, 23 independent candidates demanded kite as their election symbol from five zones - Lakadganj, Narendra Nagar, Nehru Nagar, Hanuman Nagar and Laxmi Nagar. Cup-saucer was allotted to 22 independent candidates as their election symbol in the above five zones.At Ashi Nagar zone, officials on election duty faced wrath of candidates while distributing free election symbols to independent candidates. Returning officer R U Thite was at pains to convince independent candidates who created uproar as they were not ready to accept the symbols allotted to them. As many as 202 candidates are in fray from this zone, which comprises eight prabhags.Similar discontentment among independent candidates were also witnessed in other zones including Mangalwari, Shanti Nagar and Gandhibagh.However, independent sitting corporator Manoj Sangole and his wife Savita were lucky to get gas cylinder as their election symbols.Other most preferred symbols are were fan and cup-plate. The nagara (drum) and camera have only two takers in the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786354", "title": "Bureaucrats\u2019 motives questioned", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress on Monday fired a volley at Jaganmohan Reddy in the ongoing war of words between bureaucrats and the state government saying that the YSR Congress chief had influenced the AP IAS Officers' Association to take on the Kiran Kumar Reddy government following CBI's arrest of two IAS.Congress leaders said that IAS officers were trying to derail the CBI investigation into various scams to ensure that Jagan was let off the hook. By trying to shift the blame on to ministers, the state IAS officers were indirectly admitting their role in the scams that have rocked Andhra Pradesh, said Congress party leaders.Senior MLA Anam Vivekananda Reddy asked IAS officers to name those who had pressured them into allowing irregularities to be committed.\"The officers who have been arrested (by the CBI) are not known for their integrity. Why is the officers' association trying to defend these bureaucrats?\" Anam questioned. Another senior MLA, Ch Muthyam Reddy, said that IAS officer J Raymond Peter, who is principal secretary in the social welfare department and secretary of the IAS officers' association, had never visited any welfare hostel to study the plight of students.\"What is it that the officers' association wants? Are they looking for some special protection against investigation and prosecution?\" Muthyam Reddy asked.The main opposition Telugu Desam Party did not mince words as it flayed IAS officers for trying to hamper the CBI investigation.\"Let them become approvers and expose the real culprits. That would benefit society. The officers instead want special protection from arrest and interrogation. This clearly shows their involvement,\" said TDP MLC Rajendra Prasad .N Chandrababu Naidu said that officers should have given a thought to the consequences when they yielded to pressure. \"They can reject any recommendation made by ministers. But they did not do that. Hence, the consequences,\" observed the TDP chief.\"It is not fair on the part of the CBI to target those who have unlawfully amassed Rs 1 crore when those who have gathered hundreds of crores through illegitimate means are left alone.We are just small fish in the entire decision-making process,\" said an officer at the association's general body meeting on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785524", "title": "IAP launches helpline for students to cope with exam-related stress", "text": "NAGPUR: For students appearing for board examinations, the New Year brings about the need to isolate them to start off with their countdown towards the all-important events of their careers. Starting with prelims and practicals and stretching up to the entrance tests that follow the actual examinations for months, the students are in a state of constant strain. Parents, too, share the anxiety that their children are undergoing, trying their best to handle the emotional outbursts and queries coming their way.Adolescent Health Academy - a subspecialty of Indian Academy of Paediatricians ( IAP) - with the help of Rotary Club of Nagpur North Hills, has decided to float a helpline that would operate for almost six months to help students and their parents cope with this exam-related stress. The services of the helpline, called 'Hum Se Kaho', would roll in from February 15.\"Last year, we had started this helpline for only a week preceding the results. Even in those few days, we were flooded with calls for help, not just from the city but from all over the country. This made us think of extending the period of availability of the helpline for the whole period when the students would be in need of support,\" said paediatrician and child psychologist Dr Shubhada Khirwadkar, president of AHA as well as Rotary Club of Nagpur North Hills.Even in the short duration of a week, the helpline had managed to receive more than 500 calls informed Dr Abhijit Bharadwaj, secretary of AHA. \"Many of the callers even mistook us for those who could provide them solutions to queries like what to do careerwise after they score low marks or what course would be a better choice. We had to the board helplines,\" he said. One of the counsellors for the helpline, paediatrician Dr Nishikant Kotwal agreed and said, \"We can help them tide over emotional and mental stress not guide them through technical hurdles.\" He added that many times they got distress calls and the city police helped them keep track of such cases and provided them all possible support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786331", "title": "GHMC proposes 5-year freeze on road cutting in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizens can hope for a smooth ride on most city roads with civic officials planning to stop indiscriminate road cutting by various private and government agencies. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has prepared plans to provide common ducts for utilities like cable and other service providers on identified roads.Disclosing this at a press conference here on Monday, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said the common ducts, storm water drains, footpaths and carriageway improvements would be taken up on 170 kilometres (km) length of identified roads in the city. In the first phase, 60 km, including two stretches__ Indira Park-RTC Crossroads and Charminar-Falaknuma__ would be taken up, he added.The commissioner said frequent road cutting by private cable, telecom and internet service providers and government agencies like the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) and Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) has been damaging roads in the city. Hanging cable wires have been posing threat, resulting in road accidents, he added.\"Now, the corporation has decided to freeze roads from further cuttings. We had a meeting with all major telecom, internet and cable operators today. The operators have been asked to give their future plans by next Friday as no road cutting permission will be given in the next five years,\" Krishna Babu said.Similarly, the GHMC officials would hold a meeting with representatives of HMWS&SB; and CPDCL to discuss the issue and seek their plans for the next five years on the selected roads. \"Our plan is to take up 60 km length of road in the first phase. Every six months, 60 km length will be taken up as the cost of the entire 170 kms GHMC would work out to about Rs 700 crore,\" the GHMC chief said.Apart from 170 km to be developed by the GHMC, another 73 km length of road, mostly on metro rail corridors, would be taken up the Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited. The corporation has also prioritised another 840 km road stretch on which buses ply, however, it will be taken up in the later phases.He said a decision has not been taken yet on modalities on who has to give permission for road cutting and maintain common ducts on the proposed model roads.Krishna Babu said another 100 km length of the road, including tourist spots, would be refurbished and developed in the city in view of the Conference on Biodiversity slated to be held in the city in September. Delegates from over 190 countries would take part in the conference, he said. He said the state government has urged the Centre to release Rs 800 crore for various city infrastructure development works and the state government would also release funds for improvement of infrastructure in the wake of Biodiversity conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787062", "title": "Nobody to blame for voter\u2019s card goof-ups", "text": "MUMBAI: Additional chief secretary Chand Goel's voter's card lists him as a woman. This is not the only time that goof-ups in voter's cards have come to the fore.Officials from various government agencies have refused to accept responsibility and pass the buck. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) blamed the collectorate, but the collectorate said a central agency printed the cards. In the western and eastern suburbs, 1.96 lakh voters were added to the list, of which 36,000 pertained to deletion, modification and transfer of name and address.In the island city, 60,000 voters were added, of which 10,000 applications pertained to changes. \"Every assembly constituency has an electoral registration officer and the list is constantly updated. Once applications are made, the lists are sent to a government-appointed agency that prints the cards. Since there are so many lists to look at, errors are likely to occur,\" said island city collector Chandrashekhar Oak. \"Moreover, when the lists are being sent for printing, the proof that is submitted for change often gets lost or misplaced ,\" he added.Suburban collector Nirmalkumar Deshmukh had the same explanation . \"Earlier, our people used to go door-to-door to check the list. Now that is becoming increasingly difficult. Such errors also crop up due to lack of time and manpower. We try our best to avoid errors,\" he said. He added, \"We give people time to make changes. But few come forward. They complain once the list is out, when it is too late to rectify the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11785818", "title": "Father held for killing infant", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A man allegedly hurled his one-and-half- month-old daughter at Mangaljone Mathpara in Raghunathgunj on Sunday night. Manoyara Khatun's forehead was badly injured and she died of heavy bleeding. As the news spread , the villagers informed the police.Majibar Rahman was had been upset with his wife for having giving birth to a girl. Kohinoor Bibi, the baby's grandmother said, \"When he came yesterday with some medicines and baby food, we forgave him. How could we suspect that he would kill his own child? Such cruelty is unacceptable to us and even to Allah! Allah would surely punish him.\"Abusing his wife for having given birth to a daughter, on Sunday,he snatched Manoyara and hurled her to the ground. He had allegedly also killed his first child.\"As I gave birth to a daughter, my husband was annoyed with me. We are poor and thus he wanted a son. He accused me regularly and did not even come to my father's house to see the baby. But I could not imagine that he could kill his own daughter. I demand exemplary punishment,\" said the baby's mother.Annappa E, additional SP of Murshidabad, said, \"Police have started inquiry. Majibar was absconding at first but we finally arrested him from Raghunathgunj.\"In another incident, police found the body of a newborn at Ghatbandar on the banks of Bhagirathi in Behrampore on Monday noon. \"The parents probably had brought the baby in a bag and left it there. The baby's head was smeared with blood,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11785700", "title": "DC asks DMO to lodge FIR against 5 brick kiln owners", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan has directed the district mining officer to lodge an FIR with the Barkagaon police station against five brick kiln owners who were illegally manufacturing bricks without obtaining licence from the district mining officer (DMO) and for which the state was incurring huge revenue losses. The DC during his visit to various parts of Barkagaon block found that bricks were being manufactured in largescale without any valid permission and license, which is a punishable offence. \"Not only this, they were using illegally mined coal for lighting the kiln, sources said. He asked the DMO and the forest department how brick manufacturing was going on illegally and why no action had been taken by them. tnnThe finished and unfinished bricks were also seized by the authorities and sale of the bricks were suspended indefinitely. He also ordered the DMO to impose a heavy penalty on them for manufacturing bricks without paying royalty to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789622", "title": "B-town doesn\u2019t interest Deeksha Seth", "text": "She may have debuted in Tamil and Telugu films about a year ago, but Deeksha Seth is steadily becoming one of the hottest properties in the south film industries.With top production houses and directors looking at signing this pretty lass in their next, Deeksha is quite excited.Ask her how she feels about being tagged as the hot new babe in the south and she bursts into laughter. \"They've probably not seen me in my pyjamas. All credit goes to my makeup artist and stylist,\" she says.Jokes apart, Deeksha is flattered by the comments. \"When people say that I am in demand, it is a big compliment indeed. But I don't take these tags too seriously. I am glad that my work is appreciated,\" says Deeksha.The actor is currently shuttling between three Telugu projects - Rebel with Prabhas, Nippu with Ravi Teja, Uu Kodathara? Ulikki Padathara? opposite Manoj Manchu - and the Tamil film Vettai Mannan with Simbu.\"I get to play different characters in all these films. However, playing an athlete in Nippu has been pretty tough as a certain level of fitness is required to play the part. I am also looking forward to Rebel's release this summer. We still haven't shot the songs and I am dreading that as the songs will be choreographed by Lawrence Raghavendra (also the director of the film),\" she says.Though Deeksha is upset about the failure of her Tamil debut Rajapattai opposite Vikram, she hopes that her second film will be a success. \"It is upsetting when you know that your film hasn't done well. But I am happy to have worked with Vikram in my debut film. I am sure that my second film will provide me a better platform to showcase my acting prowess in Kollywood,\" says Deeksha.With several of her contemporaries signing on projects in Bollywood, is she looking at taking the plunge too? She says, \"I am not inclined to work in Bollywood and am not actively looking for projects there. I am happy working in the Tamil and Telugu film industries and currently my kitty is full. I don't take up movies for the sake of having work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790810", "title": "Zubin Dutt doesn't mind working over time", "text": "Young actor Zubin Dutaa has been in the industry for last couple for years and has been associated with good work so far.Currently Zubin is being seen as a young but cunning politician Prabal Pratap Yadav in Hemal Thakkar's show Ruk Jana Nahin. Zubin. In the past, he has done shows like Keshav Pandit, Mayke Se Bandhi Dor. Zubin who has tried his hands at different things says, \"\"When we work more we tend to learn more.\"\" Zubin is also working in another show Dil Se Di Dua... Saubhagyavati Bhava . So how does he manage to do two daily shows simultaneously? \"\"Some times, I have to work the entire day and night. But frankly, I enjoy working. I have no trouble with working overtime!\"\"Zubin has also been an assistant director to JP Dutta and Sooraj Barjatiyan. \"\"I love the lights, camera angles and dialogues. I have learnt a lot after working behind the camera in two films,\"\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787132", "title": "Extend ill Nigerian\u2019s visa, court tells govt", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Monday directed the Foreign Registration Regional Office (FRRO) to extend by a week the visa of a Nigerian woman who is in Fortis Hiranandani Hospital, Vashi, since nine months after she was operated for cervical spondiloysis.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice Rajesh Ketkar was hearing a petition filed by her son Efe Uvaise, seeking to quash the exit order as well as extend their visas to continue the treatment in India. The matter will be heard again on February 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785787", "title": "Sawal to be BJP's Bicholim candidate", "text": "PANAJI: It's going to be Rajesh Patnekar versus Naresh Sawal again in Bicholim this time. But on opposite party labels.Patnekar who had won the seat for BJP in 2007, is the Congress candidate this time while Sawal who contested as Congress nominee last time, is joining the BJP on Tuesday and will be its candidate for March 3 polls. As they have no strong candidate, the BJP is banking on Sawal to retain the seat.Sawal quit the Congress on Sunday after with the entire Bicholim block committee in protest against Patnekar getting the ticket.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784914", "title": "Strike continues at Reliance Industries' Naroda plant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The unrest at Reliance Industries' Naroda plant continued on the sixth consecutive day as the management and workers union failed to reach a consensus.The protesting workers have been demanding a 60% hike in wages. The Reliance Employees' Union, Naroda plant has put up a 14-point charter of demands that includes higher wages, overtime and better working conditions.The company's refusal to let workers carry mobile phones inside the premises last week had triggered the strike. Naroda police station officials had even arrested three workers last week who were later released on bail. The workers were arrested after a Reliance official filed a complaint against them for allegedly threatening to kill him when he confronted them for taking cellphones inside the plant.The striking workers include permanent as well contractual employees. While the union says 5,000 workers are on strike, the company statement says the plant employs not more than 1,900 workers.\"The production is at halt as around 5,000 workers have stopped going to work since last six days. We were told by the management on Monday that a salary hike will be given in April. However, we have refused the offer and will join only after our demands are met,\" said Sagar Patel, general secretary, Reliance Employees Union at Naroda. The unit, Reliance's first plant, makes Only Vimal range of textiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784893", "title": "29 yrs after suit filed, HC says can\u2019t hear it decide it plea", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-nine years after a Mumbai businessman moved the Bombay High Court in a dispute over a large plot of land in Pune, the HC has said it has no jurisdiction to even entertain the plea.The court held that it has no authority to decide disputes on sale and possession of land outside Mumbai, and directed the two litigants-one almost 80 and the other touching 90-to start their battle afresh in a Pune district court.The dispute is over a 1983 draft sale agreement for 104 acres of prime property in Aundh which was to be sold for Rs 8 lakh then. According to the litigant, the land is now worth more than Rs 200 crore.The HC, citing a 2001 apex court order, held that it \"does not have the jurisdiction to entertain and try a suit for specific performance of an immovable property with a prayer for its possession if the land or the immovable property is situated outside the original jurisdiction of the High Court\". Justice D G Karnik, who delivered the ruling, held, \"This will be so even if a leave (of the court)...is purported to have been obtained (prior to instituting the suit).\"Negotiations for the land had begun in 1974. But after a draft agreement for sale was made in 1983, the owner, Ratanchand Hirachand, allegedly backed out and conveyed the land to another buyer, the Walchand Industry. Kotak approached the HC to get an order directing Hirachand to complete the sale agreement. Since the land was in Pune, he got leave of the court to file his suit.Last December, when the suit surfaced for hearing from the pending queue of cases, the sellers objected orally to the jurisdiction of the HC to try it. The HC, thus, framed an additional issue about its powers. Under the powers vested in the Bombay HC, it can entertain suits for land in its local limits. It can also entertain cases where a cause arises within local limits or the defendant resides or carries out business there or if court's permission is taken and cause of action partly arises within local limits.On January 20, 2012, the court finalized the order, with the parties agreeing to appear before a Pune court on February 27. On January 21, Justice Karnik concluded that since the suit was for performance of a contract of sale of an immovable property in which possession of the property is claimed, it constituted a \"suit for land\". Since the land was not within local limits, the HC said, it had no jurisdiction.Justice Karnik said, \"Leave to institute such as a suit in the High Court cannot be granted. Grant of such leave would be a nullity because the court itself does not have the power to grant leave in respect of a suit for land or immovable property.\" The land is in the possession of Kotak and by an earlier interim order passed by Justice S P Bharucha in 1985, there was a stay on the new buyers from alienating it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "warangal/mahbubnagar", "code": "11786373", "title": "Statues targeted again", "text": "WARANGAL/MAHBUBNAGAR: Statues of B R Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi were targeted by unidentified miscreants in Warangal and Mahbubnagar districts on Monday despite the police assuring a foolproof security.An Ambedkar statue, which was not unveiled yet, was set on fire at Vuppugallu village of Zaffargadh mandal in Warangal on Monday.Villagers and members of SC/ST associations rushed to the area and doused the flame. While the cloth, which covered the statue was burnt, only some portions of the statue caught fire.Ambedkar Yuvajana Sangham state advisor B Kattaiah condemned the incident while dalit groups took out rallies in Warangal city protesting the damage caused to the Ambedkar statue. A case was registered at Zaffargadh police station.Meanwhile, a Gandhi statue was reportedly defaced by miscreants at Mallapalli village of Pebbair mandal in Mahbubnagar district. Though the statue was not damaged, the culprits blackened the face.\"We saw the statue defaced on Monday morning,\" said a youth wing leader Ramakrishna. Villagers said it could be the handiwork of miscreants to create unrest in the village. Police visited the spot and launched an enquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11790331", "title": "ISB Takes Charge", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Indian School of Business (ISB) hosted a symposium Building SME Linkages in SEZs recently at its Hyderabad campus.The symposium brought together, policy and decision makers from both the centre and the states, public and private SEZ developers, industry, civil society and academia.They will work together to identify bottlenecks, propose solutions and enhance the effectiveness of SEZs by establishing stronger linkages with SMEs and entrepreneurs.This symposium was organised by the Wadhwani Centre of Entrepreneurship Development (WCED) at ISB, in association with Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd (APIIC), Government of Andhra Pradesh.Speaking on the ocassion, Dr Krishna Tanuku, executive director, WCED at ISB said, While SEZs in India have been expanding due to regulatory and industry support, they have not reached their full potential. SMEs in India need to work more closely with SEZs, to gain from facilities extended by them. WCED would like to play the role of a facilitator in influencing policy changes to benefit both.Spread over two days, the symposium comprised of several panel discussions to examine the indispensability of SEZs to the economy and elaborate upon the role of government and academia in supporting SME-SEZ linkages for reaping several benefits.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11785551", "title": "Two doctors killed as car falls into nullah near Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: Two doctors were killed and three others injured when the car they were travelling in, fell into a nullah near Kidangipar village, around 10km from Gondia, on Saturday night. Dr Ashish Shreegiriwar of Gondia, who was driving the car and Dr Ajay Katre of Dharna village in Madhya Pradesh died on the spot.According to Gangazari police, the doctors had gone to attend the marriage of one of their friends, in Mundikota. On their way back when they were crossing the bridge, Dr Shreegiriwar lost control over the wheel and the car dashed against a milestone and fell over into the nullah.While Dr Shreegiriwar and Dr Katre died on the spot, Dr Dhanendra Jaitwar of Maniru Phatak (MP) and Omesh Turkar of Mendhki (MP) were seriously injured. Hitendra Patle escaped with minor injuries and managed to report the matter to police. Dr Jaitwar and Turkar were first admitted to KTS Hospital and later shifted to a private nursing home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11787486", "title": "Beary Academy moots a regional dictionary", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy, which was formed by state government three years ago, is contemplating to bring out a dictionary for Beary, the mother tongue of 20 lakh people across the nation. If everything goes as per plan, Beary-speaking people will get a dictionary very soon. Rahim Uchil, the newly appointed chairman of the academy, told TOI that a meeting of Beary language experts will be convened to discuss about the preparation of dictionary.\"We have plans to publish a dictionary comprising Beary words used across the state and other parts of the nation. Kannada script will be used for the dictionary, which will later be made available in Hindi and English too,\" Rahim said. On future development programmes, Rahim said his priority will be to set up a Beary Cultural Centre. \"Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has already agreed that the government will sanction Rs 1 crore to construct cultural centre for the academy. Funds will be sanctioned once the land for this centre is identified,\" he said.\"Second priority before the academy is to set up Beary Study Chair at Mangalore University. The academy also has plans to introduce Beary in schools. However, a decision in this regard will be taken only after Beary Study Chair is formed at Mangalore University,\" he added.\"I will never take any decision with regard to the functioning of academy on my own. At the same time, I will convene meetings of all experts in Beary and take people into confidence before implementing any schemes. Our aim is to introduce Beary as a language and culture to others who are unaware of it,\" he said.Maker of Beary film 'Mami Marmol', Rahim has acted in many Beary movies including 'Sahana', 'Nangala Kutumba' and recently released 'Beary'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11777294", "title": "Strengthen your relationship this Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "Take the opportunity this V-Day and make some long term changes in your relationship. Ensure a happier and a more loved future this year !Make joint decisionsWhenever you are making a decision - big or small, ensure that you consult with your partner. This will help you to build on a healthy relationship. By considering the thoughts of your partner, and taking his/her opinion, you will not only show that you respect them but also love them truly.Do not overlook little thingsDo not wait for a special occasion only to do something for your partner. Make sure you keep surprising your beloved every day by doing something special for them. This could be planning a dinner or an outing over the weekend.Share an activityIf you engage in functional activity together, you are tend to build up on your relationship better. Watching movies together, going to the gym together or signing up for a dance class - anything that you and your partner enjoy doing will create a sense of bonding.Learn to forgiveForgiveness forms a main part in any relationship. If you carry grudges forward none of you will benefit anything from it. Bitter thoughts and resentments continue to act as weeds in any relationship. Talk it over with your partner and try to move on.Learn to express gratitudeIt is very important to acknowledge your partner when in a relationship. A slight smile or a thank you will make his/her day. Showing your partner that you care and appreciate his/her efforts is very essential in forming a healthy and happy relationship.meghna.mukherjee@timesgroup.comValentine's DayValentine's SMSValentine's Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785414", "title": "Discerning a master behind the scene", "text": "KOLKATA: Achintya Das, Nitai Banik, Arpita Roy, Subhendu Banik from Siliguri have priced their work at Rs 100, 200, 300. Lalu Shaw, Aditya Basak, Sunil Das, Manik Talukdar, Pradip Maitra - in short, all the members of Society of Contemporary Artists have mounted graphic prints of etchings at Rs 500 each. Consequently Abdul Salam of Barisha Sealpara is revising the price of his silkscreen prints, as might Anjan Sengupta of Spectrum Art, or even Samir Aich and Tapas Konar, the illustrious members of Open Window.Get the picture? The Nandan-Rabindra Sadan complex is a 'mela' ground till February 10. The spirit of bonhomie fills the air. Shuvaprasanna is exchanging notes with Ganesh Haloi and Atin Basak, art collector Ashok Mukherjee is walking in and out of the stalls. A large number of artists are thronging the grounds, talking to friends, sharing 'lebu cha' and discussing the finer points of the fine art that has just been celebrated in art fairs at Delhi and - earlier - Mumbai.So, has the annual exhibition of Rajya Charukala Parishad been 'upgraded' to serve as Kolkata's own version of an Art Fair? So far the state's wing for artists used to invite senior or established artists to give their paintings and sculptures for a low profile exhibition that was primarily held around the office building of the Parishad. It is still showcasing the art of masters, but from its own collection, and at Gaganendra Pradarshan Shala. For the rest, the 'Poribartan' in the powers that be has changed the dynamics of this annual.A number of stalls, of varying dimensions, have been rented out to groups of artists. Those from outside the city need to pay only Rs 1,500 while city groups pay Rs 2,500. Larger ones are priced higher but, being available only to groups of not less than five members, it isn't heavy on any pocket. The lights are good, so is the turnout. The only worry on the inaugural day was the security - there are no gates or doors for the individual stalls.The Charukala Utsav is stepping into a vacuum and can go a long way to serve the art world. At a time when Birla Academy, now in its 45th year, is giving a go-by to their annual platform for young artists, when every gallery is crying hoarse about recession and the consequent drop in the demand for art that had touched eight-figure prices, such activity energises the art fraternity to try new things and reach new collectors. And buyers can, if they follow their natural inclination rather than market diktats, spot new talents and pick up works that will gladden their hearts and brighten their homes.More importantly, notice how the state has quietly entered into a public-private partnership! So far the Charukala Parishad was only spending on holding the annual show. Instead now it is raking in the moolah. Clearly there's a master's hand at work behind the scenes. But will this ever rise to rival the much applauded art festivals in Delhi, Dubai, Singapore?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785359", "title": "Pimple Nilakh may get PMPML bus terminal", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will construct a new bus terminal at Nigdi with parking facility, which promises to ease traffic problems at the Bhakti Shakti chowk.Gulabrao Dangat executive engineer of the traffic cell of PCMC said, \"The bus terminus will come up on 5,600 sq.m. plot at Nigdi near the Bhakti Shakti chowk, located along the Pune side of the highway near the octroi post. The cost of the project is Rs 1.17 crore.\"The plot will have a parking lot which can accommodate 50 cars, 150 to 200 two-wheelers and cycles. People can park their vehicles here and board ST or city buses.\"The entrance for buses will be on the Spine road while the exit will be on the highway. Of the three platforms to be constructed, two will be for city buses. Regular PMPML buses will stop on one side while BRT buses will stop on the other side. The BRT buses will stop on one side of the third platform while state transport (ST) buses will stop on the other side.\"Meanwhile, a bus terminal may be opened at Pimple Nilakh on a plot measuring 3908.37 sq.m. in survey no 7, said a civic official. The PMPML has terminals at Pimpri, Pimprigaon, Masulkar colony, Nigdi and Pimple Gurav. Besides, it has depots at Nehrunagar, Bhosari and Bhakti Shakti (Nigdi).Ends//gaikwad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11790373", "title": "Learning Curve", "text": "KOLKATA: British Council Kolkata recently organised a workshop for corporate and business houses on Training and Networking. It was facilitated by Philippa Baker head corporate training for British Council, India and her colleagues Laurence Smith and Sam Valentine.The workshop was attended by various corporate houses such as Metro Cash and Carry, CESC Limited, Capgemini, Tata Consultancy Services , Shri Infrastructure and Finance Limited and Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd.The programme was divided into three segments, beginning with the importance of English in inter-cultural relationships, working abroad and making global contacts. The second focus was on work culture difference in India and UK, while the third activity focused on identifying different types of English.The workshop is a projection of our methodology of deliverance in a classroom environment which is not strictly orthodox, said Shubranko Ray of British Council.A member from TCS participating in the workshop said, I am here to look into a tie-up between British Council and TCS. We would expect professional help from BCL to develop people from TCS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787031", "title": "Vendor has \u2018briefcase\u2019 stashed with development", "text": "MUMBAI: It does not matter to Amol Gajanan Pawar that his poll symbol has been secured as a controversially evocative briefcase , commonly associated with hawala.The 28-year-old independent candidate (ward 99, Khar) was awarded his symbol on Monday along with nearly 1,100 independents in the fray for the civic elections. \"My opponents have started calling me Hawala, suggesting the briefcase is stashed with illegal cash. But that thinking is passe , and when my briefcase will open it will not have cash but rather a lot of development for people of my area.Let my voters know my briefcase has ideas for their benefit ,\" said the young newspaper vendor. For most independents securing the right symbol is crucial since in the absence of a party's backing, a symbol becomes an identifier of sorts for the voter. Those who have luck on their side get the right symbol, which could make or break an independent's campaign. It was almost a jackpot for Kavita Satadekar, an independent , who won in the draw a road-roller . \"I would say luck has cast its lot with me.The roads in my area are really bad and I had promised voters I would improve roads. What better way to convey my feelings and ideas than a roadroller ,\" said the independent (ward 78, Sahar Road, Andheri). The strange symbols have also upset citizen consensus candidates , who have only six days left to get their voters acquainted with them before the civic elections on February 16. Ceiling fans, battery torch, scissors and walking sticks were not considered positive symbols by some candidates. Mumbai 227, a platform launched by concerned citizens, hoped for a bulldozer and cupsaucer . \"We wanted a bulldozer to signify that it bulldozes corruption and we had sought a cup and saucer, with the theme 'Chai pilao , aalas bhagao' . But they were taken by other independent candidates,\" said a Mumbai 227 member. Its candidates in Dahisar, Ghatkopar and Charkop wards 16, 17 and 20 have got ceiling fans.Dahisar activist Harishchandra Pandey has got a battery torch and Bandra (W) candidate Neelima Thakur, Joe Gaikwad (Mahim) and Sherley Singh (Juhu) got candles. Khwaja Bahauiddin Tabrez of ward 74 got a pair of scissors. \"There are no symbols of our choice. This system of symbols is an obsolete form of electioneering . We need to relook at the election process to equate independents with political parties. We have six and a half days left for campaigning ,\" said Santosh Awatramani , spokeperson, Mumbai 227. Hansel D'Souza (Mumbai Nagrik Manch) is happy as his candidates Hina Shroff (Vile Parle) and Taruna Kumbhar (Mahim) have the drum symbol. \"The symbols are a bit outdated.In rural India, where literacy levels are low, the graphic becomes important . In cities, it's not so important . It doesn't matter what the graphic is, as it is important that we have made adequate voter contact ,\" said D'Souza . The state election commission reduced the free poll symbols from 58 in the 2007 elections to 49 this year. The number was higher in 2002 but many symbols have been expurgated after complaints from candidates.A complaint was received against the briefcase symbol but it has stayed on even though many were struck off, including objectionable ones like baingan (brinjal), banana, corn and spoon (people start calling you a 'chamcha' ). The Chief Justice of India in 2005 received a complaint from ward 61, where independent Saira Patel objected to some symbols. She wrote that certain symbols help rivals slap an insulting label; such as a banana (people call you kelawala), carrot and frock. The SEC has since then taken off these symbols from its list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785679", "title": "Rogue driver case: Hospital findings insufficient to prove Mane has psychiatric illness", "text": "PUNE: The regional mental hospital at Yerawada here filed a report before the magisterial court on Monday stating that their findings were not sufficient to prove any \"major psychiatric illness\" in rogue bus driver Santosh Mane. On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate stand and driven it for 14 km around the city in a manic spree that left eight dead and 32 injured.The mental hospital's report states, \"Mane was kept under observation between January 28 and February 6, 2012. Following the serial mental status examinations conducted by a panel of psychiatrists, facts communicated by the ward staff and psychometric evaluation, in our opinion the findings are not sufficient to diagnose a major psychiatric illness at present.\" Earlier. assistant commissioner of police (crime II) Rajendrasinh Mohite produced Mane before judicial magistrate (first class) Umeshchandra More and filed a plea to remand him to magisterial custody for conducting the test identification parade.Mohite told the court that Mane's police custody remand was not essential now as they had completed the major part of the investigations. Mane gave satisfactory replies when the court asked him details like his name, age, occupation, residence, native place and service tenure. He, however, told the court that he had not committed any crime. Mane was represented by criminal lawyer Mahesh Agarwal. Pune Bar Association secretary Amol Kajale-Patil had earlier appealed to Agarwal not to defend Mane. More sent Mane to magisterial custody till February 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11787269", "title": "Ex-zila parishad member nabbed for supplying opium", "text": "ROHTAK: Police have nabbed two drug peddlers who were carrying opium in a car with a red beacon and flying an INLD flag near Jatola village in Sonipat district on Monday evening. They were allegedly taking the opium to their agents. Police have seized 2 kg opium, three unlicenced pistols and Rs 5.40 lakh in cash from the car and have started investigating the matter. The arrested accused have been identified as a former Rohtak zila parishad member Rajguru Singh, who is an INLD activist and Jaiveer Singh, both residents of Baland village in Rohtak. Rajguru's father Ishwar Singh is a revenue officer in the Haryana government.According to information, the police team, acting on a tip-off spotted the red beaconed car, parked outside the village on Nahra Nahri road near Kharkhoda town. \"During questioning, one of the occupants of the car informed that his father is a tehsildar posted in Kurukshetra district. He said that he was waiting for another friend who had gone to the village to meet someone\", a police official said, while adding that when the police tried to search the car, the occupants allegedly initially resisted the move, mentioning their connections in the government, which led to suspicion.The Kharkhoda police station SHO, Kuldeep Singh informed mediapersons that during the search of the vehicle, they recovered three unlicenced pistols, cash and opium.\"During further questioning it came to light that another accomplice of theirs had gone to the village to deliver an opium consignment to one of their agents. The third accomplice as well as the agent however managed to flee when the police entered the village to arrest them\", he said, while adding that they were trying to find out about their network and the scale of drug-peddling going on. The SHO said that the police had registered a case under various sections of the NDPS Act and the Arms Act against the two arrested accused.INLD's Rohtak spokesperson, Krishan Kaushik confirmed that Rajguru was an INLD activist in the district. On being informed about the police raid, Kaushik said that he was unaware about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789806", "title": "'Indian IT cos in US paid $15bn tax in 5 years'", "text": "The Indian IT industry in the US has contributed $15 billion in taxes alone in the last five years, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said, stressing on the need to eliminate discriminatory actions.Mathai, on his first bilateral visit to the US in his capacity as the foreign secretary, expressed hope that the economic challenges in the US would not lead to protectionism and concerns of the Indian IT industry will be addressed.He is believed to have raised the issue in his meeting with the officials of commerce department on Monday.\"We do hope the current economic challenges in the US would not lead to protectionism and that concerns of Indian IT industry will be addressed quickly,\" Mathai said in his address to the Centre for Strategic and International Studies .Nasscom estimates that Indian industry employs over 100,000 in the US up from 20,000 six years ago, he said adding it supports 200,000 other jobs, including indirect ones, apart from enhancing the competitiveness of some the US industries.\"Most Indian companies are setting up development centres. Indian IT industry contributed $15 billion in taxes over the last five years. This success story should not be set back by stringent visa regulations which act as a non-tariff barrier,\" he said.\"According to a back of envelope calculation - Indians paid over $200 million in visa fees. Perhaps $30-50 million has been taken from young aspiring Indians working in businesses whose US visas were rejected. The pink slip has become a greenback!\" Mathai said.\"It needs reiteration that the targets of these discriminatory actions are precisely those who have contributed intellectually to the climate of reform in India, and who have been votaries of strong India-US relations,\" said the foreign secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11787709", "title": "Twist to bus cleaner\u2019s murder case", "text": "MANGALORE: An assault case in which 22-year-old bus cleaner Manikanta was killed at MRPL Colony near Chelyaru on Sunday took a new turn. While police arrested eight persons in connection with Manikanta's murder, Hemanth Madhya, 20, the main accused, was found dead in a forest area in Janthabettu on the way to Soorinje, with stab injuries. He has been absconding since Sunday.City police chief Seemanth Kumar Singh told TOI that police can do little when people start killing each other for the flimsiest of reasons. \"While the nine accused in Manikanta's murder case, including Hemanth, wanted to teach Manikanta a lesson over a trivial issue, they ended up with more than they bargained for,\" Seemanth said. Seemanth said more police have been placed in the area to ensure that murders that have taken for purely personal reasons do not take any other hues in a communally sensitive area.\"We had deployed extra policemen at Manikanta's funeral and more men have been sent to the area where Hemanth was found dead,\" he said.Mangalore North sub-division assistant commissioner of police M Puttamadaiah said police have arrested Santosh, Vasanth, Sandeep, Niranjan, Pradeep, Santosh alias Sachu, Janardhan and Brijesh for murdering Manikanta, and Ganesh, Nagesh, and Santhosh for the murder of Hemanth. Two cases of murder (302) along with unlawful assembly (143) and rioting (147) of Indian Penal Code have been registered in connection with these murders, ACP Puttamadaiah added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "11785770", "title": "Robert Vadra ready to take political plunge", "text": "AMETHI: While Priyanka Gandhi still remains wary of the electoral fray, her businessman-husband Robert Vadra has no such fears. On Monday he said he was ready to enter mainstream politics if he thought he was \"in a position to make a change for the people he represents\". \"Only then will I take a decision to join politics,\" Vadra added.This isn't the first time Vadra has voiced his eagerness to enter electoral politics. In October 2010, he had told TOI in an exclusive interview, \"I can definitely win (an election) from anywhere, but I am a businessman ... There is a time and place for everything. If I feel that I know enough about this line (politics) ... then why not?\"Vadra's remarks came during Priyanka's roadshow in UP, at a press interaction on the sidelines of a Congress rally in Amethi, Rahul Gandhi's Lok Sabha constituency.Election 2012, Vadra declared, is as crucial as any other election. \"Each election is important. But this is certainly not a do-or-die one for Rahul,\" Vadra said.Priyanka will take her own callVadra was also non-committal about Priyanka's political career, especially after her comment that she could step out of the family constituencies of Amethi and Rae Bareli if Rahul asked her to. \"This is entirely Priyanka's call and only she would decide. It's up to her,\" Vadra said.A Congress spokesman, when asked about Vadra's comment on his role in politics, said he had not seen the press conference despite the fact that it was shown on most TV channels for the better part of Monday.BJP's Shahnawaz Hussain said, \"This is an internal matter of the (Gandhi) family. BJP would not like to comment on it.\" Hussain went on to say, \"Rahul is not so older than Priyanka. There is not much age difference between them and they are contemporaries. So, Priyanka cannot join politics after Rahul (completes his innings in politics).\"Vadra reached Amethi with his daughter on Sunday night, where Priyanka is camped for the last three days. Lending a helping hand, he flagged off a motorcycle rally from Gauriganj. He said he was there to carry forward Rahul's message to the masses, although both Rahul and Priyanka, he added, did not require any such help. Vadra also addressed the electorate in Salon assembly segment.Praising the changes brought about among Amethi's women, Vadra said that their confidence level had risen several notches in the last 15 years. He attributed this transformation to economic empowerment brought about by the thriving network of self-help groups.He also said he wanted his daughter to notice the changes at the grassroots. Asked whether it was time for Rahul to become PM, Vadra said he could not speak on the issue. According to Congress sources, Rahul is also scheduled to address three meetings on February 11: in Sultanpur, Gauriganj and Rae Bareli where polling is on February 15.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11787689", "title": "Political pressure hits Carnival preparations", "text": "PANAJI: Political pressure and interference, and not lack of staff, led to resignations and refusals by some government officers to continue as chairpersons of the carnival organizing committees. The annual carnival is just 12 days away. Panaji commissioner Agnelo Fernandes quit as committee chairman last week, while Mormugao municipal council chief officer Elvis Gomes and Margao municipal council chief officer J Bhingui had refused to take up the responsibility citing lack of staff due to election duties.Government officers, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Fernandes was told to resign from the chairmanship by a politician, while Gomes and Bhingui did not take up the chairmanship as they had no control over individuals in the organizing committee.\"Most of the individuals in the Carnival organizing committee have political connections. We, government officers, have no control over them if they misuse the funds. If we do try and question them, we will have politicians breathing down on us,\" a government officer said. Gomes wrote to the tourism department last week stating, \"The possibility of electioneering under the garb of Carnival cannot be ruled out.\" In Panaji, there is confusion over who heads the Carnival committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784609", "title": "More buses for RSRTC fleet soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation (RSRTC) will soon add new air-conditioned (AC) and non air-conditioned buses in its fleet. An order of 500 blue line buses and 40 AC buses have been issued by the corporation. Along with it the RSRTC will also introduce 20 mini-buses in the Walled City area by next week.\"Following the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) model we ordered 500 buses and till now we have received 100 of them. The plan is to get them on road by March 31,\" said Manjeet Singh, chairman and managing director of RSRTC.The corporation will also buy 1,000 new buses for which the state government will give financial aid. These buses will be added by June 2012 and is a part of the announcement made during the last budget. \"Our long term goal is to connect every district with the panchayat head quarterx. With the new buses we will be able to ply more buses on the routes connecting villages,\" added Singh.To connect Jaipur with long distance cities like Ahmedabad, Lucknow etc. 15 more semi-sleeper Volvo will be introduced by the corporation. \"Volvo buses will also be based on PPP as it is very costly to buy them. The private players will run the buses and we will regulate them,\" said Singh.The 20 mini-buses for the Walled City will replace the big buses which the traffic police had declared unsuitable for plying in the congested areas. Starting from next week, though delayed by two months, these buses will operate on two-three major routes covering most parts of the Walled City.To alleviate the parking problem of low-floor buses the Jaipur City Transport Service Limited (JCTSL) managed to get land on Sikar Road and Mansarovar. \"The space will be enough to park the buses and no bus will be parked on the roads,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787387", "title": "BJP drafts five principles to make BSY happy", "text": "BANGALORE: The ruling BJP has switched into election mode. In two meetings - core committee and ministers - held on Monday, the party evolved strategies to retain former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and finalize dates for tours and programmes. The Lokayukta controversy was discussed too.This was the second effort by the party to keep Yeddyurappa in good humour. In the first round, party leaders and RSS succeeded in convincing Yeddyurappa that no post would be given to him unless he came clean in all cases. Following directions from BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , the party in its core committee meeting involving state BJP president KS Eshwarappa, CM DV Sadananda Gowda, Yeddyurappa, rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar, national general secretary HN Ananth Kumar , organizing secretary Santosh, joint organizing secretary V Sateesh on Monday decided to not to antagonize the former CM. The party would not give him any post.Sources in the BJP said party bosses have given five mantras to keep him happy. Maintain unity in the party, don't provoke Yeddyurappa into giving statements; Yeddyurappa and followers should not issue statements damaging the party; Yeddyurappa should be consulted in important decisions and legislators and MPs of that particular district should accompany Yeddyurappa in his tour of the state. ''We have started preparing for the elections,'' K S Eshwarappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789828", "title": "Arunoday Singh &amp; Randeep Hooda in \u2018Jism 2\u2019", "text": "After months of speculation regarding who will play the two men in \"Jism 2\", the news is finally out. Pooja Bhatt has zeroed in on Arunoday Singh and Randeep Hooda to play the men opposite Sunny Leone in the sequel to the John-Bipasha starrer. Shooting for the film will begin in Jaipur on April 1.Says Pooja, \"Sunny has two men in her life. While one is a man from her past, the other is a man from her present. The two men who have been finalized for the lead roles are Arunoday Singh and Randeep Hooda. Both the actors have signed on the project.\" However, the director is clear about not wanting this casting to be pitched as a news of Arunoday and Randeep working together in \"Jism 2\" after the latter replaced the former in \"Heroine\".Ask the director what prompted her to decide on this casting and she says, \"I was blown away by Randeep's cop act in \"Jannat 2\". There is so much of angst in him. In \"Jism 2\", he plays Kabir (even John's character was called Kabir in \"Jism\"). Pressure, yes. But a good kind He is a lonely guy who is dark, dangerous and lives by his own rules. There are no greys in his life - it is either black or white. He can't take excuses and is very austere. His character has a huge room for dark silences.\"Arunodoy's character, in contrast, is that of a swashbuckler. \"He is someone who can sort out everything for Sunny. Both characters have a very different kind of approach towards life. If Arunoday is light, Randeep is darkness. If Arunoday is measured attack, Randeep is a cryptic secret. I wasn't aware that Arunoday might play Hamlet in another Hindi adaptation of the Shakespeare play. For me, Arunoday rocked in \"Yeh Saali Zindagi\". I have also seen him in this liquor ad which convinced me that he would pull off the role of Ayaan with elan. Both Arunodoy and Randeep are not obviously sexy. Their six packs lie in their head and not the beefed-up bodies,\" the director says.Speaking about the film, Arunoday, says, \"After I first heard the story last week, I found it highly exciting and I agreed to doing it. The character is not one dimensional. I have watched \"Jism\" once and liked the film. Of course, there is a pressure while doing this sequel. But it is a good kind of pressure. That's the best thing about this job.\"What about the fact that he will begin shooting the film on April Fool? \"Well, I am a fool. May be like the fool from King Lear. Jokes apart, I'm fine with shooting on any date apart from my birthday,\" Arunoday says.Shooting for the film is supposed to begin on April 1 in Jaipur. Pooja, however, doesn't want Sunny and Arunoday to be dancing around palaces in Jaipur. \"As an actor, I have done all that with Shah Rukh when I shot my film in Jaipur. I can't be repeating all that again now. I want to tap the timelessness of Jaipur and use a modern, India-forward palette to display the same,\" she insists. Though the Jaipur locations have already been finalized, Pooja isn't keen to reveal them because of security reasons. After kick-starting the schedule and shooting in Jaipur for 10 days, the unit will shift to Delhi to shoot outdoor sequences. \"I might be shooting in and around Chanakyapuri and the Hauz Khaz village. Within a week's time, I shall be finalizing the foreign locations. I am toying between Sri Lanka and Czechoslovakia. Right now, there is a cold wave there and, hence, I am a little apprehensive. I have to wrap up work soon because I am eyeing an August release,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785839", "title": "Board okays survey for Mahananda rail track", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversial broad gauge railway track, proposed between Sevoke in Darjeeling and Rangpo in Sikkim, has been given a survey approval. To be conducted by the state forest department, the survey will precede the laying of the track that will run through the Mahananda Wildlife Sanctuary. Once the survey is complete, the report will be sent to the Union environment ministry that will revert backto the state forest department with its feedback. It will be followed by an environment impact assessment (EIA) that will decide whether the project will receive a go-ahead. This was decided at a meeting of the State Wildlife Board on Monday.Members debated the broad gauge track that will be the second one through the Mahananda. The board, however, shot down a plan to lay telecom optical fibres through the sanctuary. A proposed extension of the NH31A between Sevoke and Ranipal, too, received a survey approval. Nearly 40 hectares of the sanctuary will be taken up if the projects are implemented.In the last eight years, more than 30 elephants, apart from several leopards and paithons, have been crushed under the wheels of trains running along the 168 km-long Siliguri-Alipurduar track that traverses the Mahananda. In 2010, seven elephants died after being rammed by a train near Banarhat. The accident led to an outcry from wildlife experts and environmentalists. A series of measures were proposed after a meeting with the Union railway ministry. Watch towers had been planned along the track to monitor the movement of elephants and speed restrictions suggested. None of these have, however, been implemented.A second track could be disastrous for wildlife in Mahananda, felt some members. \"The first track has done enough damage. A second one could take things beyond control. But we can't stall developmental projects either. So, let's hope that a balance can be struck,\" said a member. Others differed. They argued that the second track could be safer since it will run along the Teesta river and won't be cutting through the forest. \"But bio-diversity will be affected all the same. We must see if that is serious enough,\" said Animesh Basu, coordinator, Himalayan Nature and Adventure Foundation and a member of the wildlife board.The optical fibre project, however, was summarily rejected by the board. Members felt it will severely affect the environment of the sanctuary and has no developmental value. It was also decided that the EIA will have members of the wildlife board taking part. \"It was claimed that the area along which the second track has been proposed, doesn't have significant animal movements. We must do a field study and check if this is true. It would be sad if the track turns out to be another deathtrap for elephants and other animals,\" said another member.The NH31A extension will be preceded by a similar survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790174", "title": "Beyond academics", "text": "Q- How many schools come under CISCE in India and abroad and what is the student strength?Currently, there are 1,850 schools affiliated to CISCE. In addition to India, the Council also has five affiliated schools in Indonesia, Singapore, Dubai and Sharjah.Q- What is your agenda for 2012?Our priority is to make our students aware of environmental issues. We also run special projects for children with emphasis on issues like water harvesting, preventing wastage of paper, pollution control, deforestation, etc.Q- In which part of India does CISCE have the strongest presence?West Bengal has the largest number of schools, followed by Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka. CISCEs popularity is not regional. We receive applications for affiliation from across the country.Q- What are the subject combinations offered to class X and XII students?CISCE has a range of subjects that it offers. Students of class X are offered subjects from three groups A, B and C. From group A, English is a mandatory subject with a choice between subjects like civics, history, geography, etc. From group B, students have to pick only two subjects from among maths, science, computer science, commercial studies, etc; from group C, students have to opt for only one subject from among subjects like computer applications, economic applications, performing arts and physical education, among others. Class XII students are offered subjects in two parts Part I has English, which is compulsory and Part II has a range of subjects out of which, students need to select only three.Q- How flexible is CISCE? Can students change their subjects after class VIII and class X?CISCE has introduced flexibility in the choice of subjects at the secondary level. This helps to integrate learning with their abilities and talents and consequently, reduce stress.Students can change their subjects after class VIII or class X. Students unable to cope with mathematics and science are given a choice to opt for alternate subjects so as to reduce stress in examinations. In addition to the compulsory subjects, to provide for the varying abilities of students, the council makes various subjects available from which students can select subjects of their choice in keeping with their aptitude and ability. The council has also introduced skill-based subjects at the ICSE examination with a view to make the curriculum more holistic and comprehensive.Q- What are the strengths of the curriculum offered by CISCE and why should students opt for this board?The curriculum of the council is challenging and is on a par with the curricula of other national and international boards. The syllabus is continually revised and changes are incorporated whenever required. Students taking the ISC examination are well-equipped to take various national and international competitive examinations. The countrys most highly rated schools in every state are affiliated to the Council. The stress that CISCE lays on imparting holistic education enables students who pass out of schools under the council to excel in numbers, as compared to schools affiliated to other boards.Q- What are the facilities provided to differently-abled students by the board?The council provides special concessions for candidates suffering from specific learning disabilities. In cases of candidates suffering from dyslexia, dysgraphia, dyscalculia, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), etc, certain concessions/support are admissible depending on the nature and degree of the disability and on a case-to-case basis.Also, when a candidate suffers from some injury or bereavement, or an unforeseen circumstance which may adversely affect his or her performance in the examination, the special difficulty procedure is used. Under this, a form is forwarded to the council by the head of the candidates school and the candidates answer script is then specially considered by a committee before the declaration of results.Q- Since CBSE candidates are preferred by Delhi University (DU) colleges, do students from CISCE schools have a hard time getting a seat in DU?The preference given to students from CBSE does not make any difference to our students. Our students have been getting through in DU colleges in the past and this year too, it will be no different.Besides, our students aspire not just to make it to DU colleges, but also outside Delhi and even abroad; so things are not really difficult for them. Beyond academics, our schools have a host of activities designed to develop physical, intellectual, mental, social and creative skills of students to create unlimited positive energy, and a sporting spirit through yoga, karate, dance, music, art, health centre, field trips, knowledge club, IT and multimedia, among other activities.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11787424", "title": "\u2018Question banks will make examinations stress-free\u2019", "text": "HUBLI: The department of PU education has decided to come up with a set of online question banks for all subjects to help students write PU II examination without much stress. Solutions have also been provided along with the questions, available on the websites of the department of PU education and the Karnataka Examination Authority.To elicit the views of students regarding this novel initiative, The Times of India visited HS Kotambri Science and Kadasiddeshwara Arts College. According to PU students of the college, the move will greatly help them in exam preparation.\"It is a very good initiative by the PU education department. Since PU, CET question banks are available online, we don't have to spend time and energy on collecting previous years' question papers from various sources,\" said Sangeeta G K.Megha S and B Kabberahalli said that online question banks will give students a complete idea about the pattern of question papers. Solving the online questions will boost confidence of students. Plus, it will save time and money involved in collecting previous years' question papers, they said. Question banks will provide an opportunity for students to solve a number of questions.\"This will immensely help us in facing the board exam, in a stress-free manner. After all, practice makes one perfect,\" opined Santosh Bandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785963", "title": "Foundation stone of new building laid", "text": "PATNA: Bihar education minster P K Sahi on Monday laid foundation stone of technical block II on A N College campus. The new building would be completed on priority basis, said college principal Haridwar Singh. According to Singh, the college is also developing a sports ground on the college campus to promote games and sports among students. Besides, a new building to house B.Ed course is also under construction, he said.MU branch office: Magadh Univeristy (MU) branch office at Patna is likely to start distribution of original degrees to students of Degree and Postgraduate level soon studying in the colleges in Patna region. They need not rush to MU office at Bodh Gaya now. An order to this effect has already been issued to the university, said MU acting VC Arun Kumar. According to him, this branch office has been functioning smoothly. This office will now cater to the needs of students studying in Patna and adjoining districts as well.Financial discipline restored: The university has restored financial discipline in all major MU departments and examination control cell. A vicious racket in the university examination control room has been unmasked and the guilty was brought to book. Overtime and fake bills have been completely stopped in the university to check financial irregularities, the VC said.Outsourcing stopped: MU has taken a decision to stop outsourcing of vocational courses to agencies. This would save exploitation of vocational course students and the university would be able to maintain uniformity in vocational teaching at each college, the VC said.Principals' appointment: MU VC claimed to have maintained full transparency in the matter of selection of principals. He said that no irregularity has been committed and he is cooperating with the state government inquiry going on into the matter and added that he is ready to hold fresh procedure for principals' appointment to do justice to the candidates.Yoga classes: J D Women's College will soon start yoga classes for girl students on the college campus. This will help them keep physically and mentally fit. Besides, it would keep girl students free from undue mental stress , said college principal Usha Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784503", "title": "BSE gets week to reply to plea on vehicle ban", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has given the Bombay Stock Exchange a week's time to file a response to the petition challenging the ban on entry and parking of vehicles on Dalal Street.Pukhraj Bafna, co-owner of a building on Dalal Street, had approached the HC challenging the ban that was imposed after the 26/11 attacks and continued to be in place three years later for security purposes.Bafna, who co-owns Veena Chambers and has an office on the third floor of the building, is a senior citizen with a heart condition and claims that the vehicle ban on Dalal Street has added to his problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11787590", "title": "More practicals in CBSE lineup", "text": "NEW DELHI: Instead of one term-end assessment, practical examinations for Class XI and XII could become a biannual or quarterly process.The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is planning to introduce a continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) schedule, wherein the year-end practical examination will be divided into periodic assessment periods with each evaluation accounted for when the final marks are given.A group led by CBSE consultant R P Sharma is working out the modalities to implement the CCE system as the Board is likely to introduce this system for Class XI from the 2012-13 academic session and in class XII from 2013-14.\"As of now practical exams comprise of 30 marks and are decided at a single term-end exam.\"The plan is to make the exercise periodic and evaluate students probably on a quarterly basis. The CCE is a means to record how much students have learnt in their practicals on a continuous basis. This is primarily to focus on the importance of practical exams, which are not taken seriously by students during the whole year,\" said Sharma.Students will have to identify various topics and complete research or project work which will be evaluated during the assessment period just like any other term-end exam. Apart from school teachers, an external teacher from the CBSE will monitor the process.According to CBSE officials, the Board decided to implement the CCE process for practicals following feedback it received which alleged that students don't actually learn anything during practicals and schools simply dole out marks at the end of the year.\"The problem with termend practical exams is that students focus only on the theory part of the exam while ignoring the practicals,\" said a CBSE official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11785737", "title": "PNB unveils first cash deposit machine", "text": "RANCHI: In a bid to reduce crowd pressure by using automation, Punjab National Bank on Monday launched first cash deposit machine in the state. The kiosk, opened at Argora branch of the bank, was inaugurated by PNB general manager V Srinivasan in presence of zonal head (Jharkhand circle) D N Mittal and other bank officials.The first of its kind machine can be used by account holders of PNB to deposit money in their account. PNB senior manager Asutosh Prasad said the machine can receive deposit up to Rs 30,000 at one time.\"The machine can accept up to 40 pieces of notes of any denomination at one time,\" he said. Explaining operational procedure, he said one has to type his customer ID and password and then follow instructions for depositing an amount. \"Since the machine accepts notes of different denominations, amount in multiples of Rs 10 could be deposited,\" Kumar said.The bank is also planning to launch a clearing machine soon which will remit cash in return of cheques deposited. \"Automation may take up the work of employees but given the rush in bank branches every bit of automation is welcomed by the customers,\" Kumar added.Giving impetus to financial inclusion drive, the bank has decided to open five more branches in the state and also extend banking facilities in 45 villages identified with a population of over 2000 people.Srinivasan would participate in Ravidas birth anniversary being organized at JP Market Dhurva on Tuesday and give away loan sanction letters to 100 candidates belonging to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes identified by Hinu and Bahu Bazaar branch of the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "11784678", "title": "Human trafficking a thriving business in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: Munni Devi, the woman who was picked up by the Delhi police from Rajasthan for abandoning a two-year-old battered baby, who is admitted to AIIMS Trauma Centre, was staying in a village in Jhunjhunu district for nearly three months. She was sold off to a man here for Rs 2.5 lakh by a human trafficking gang.Munni Devi is not an isolated case of girls being sold in the area. The two key suspects in the battered baby case- Rajkumar and Kanta Bai - have a case registered against them with the MIA police station in Alwar district.\"The case was registered in August 2010 in which both had been accused of selling a girl to someone,\" said a senior police officer.\"On August 16, one Ali Akbar from West Bengal had approached the then Alwar SP Alok Vashishta claiming that he had married off his daughter Shayara to one Anees, a resident of Mia police station area in Alwar. Over a period of three years, the girl was sold to four different people. Anees first sold her to one Vikki who further sold her to Kanta Bai. The woman then sold her to Rajkumar and finally Shayara was bought by one Jagmohan. The police recovered the girl from Jagmohan,\" the officer said. Shayara was later produced in a court and then handed over to her father.Rajkumar and Kanta Bai are registered as husband and wife in the complaint. While Rajkumar was arrested by the police and later released on bail, Kanta Bai had got an anticipatory bail.Such gangs are active in Rajasthan, Haryana, and Delhi. Most of these girls belong to Orissa, West Bengal, Bihar and Assam from where these gangs abduct or buy them from their parents. They are either forced into prostitution or made to marry an older man.Several first information reports (FIR) have been registered with the police across the state which point at the thriving business of selling girls for money.In Alwar district alone, at least six cases of girls being sold had come up in 2010. Add to that, several cases that go unreported everyday.\"The masterminds behind these gangs are mostly residents of Mewat region in Rajasthan which includes Alwar district. In some recent cases, those involved in the racket have turned out to be drivers. Parents sell their girls in Orissa, West Bengal, Bihar and Assam for Rs 20,000 to Rs 50000. Then, they are brought to Rajasthan and other states including Haryana and Delhi,\" a senior police officer said.The gang members marry the girls, rape them and then after some time sell them off to a buyer at a higher price.\"In some cases, it has been found that the owners of dhabas and hotel owners situated on the Jaipur-Delhi national highway play the role of mediators in selling the girls to the third party,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11787266", "title": "This doc could be a Valentine's Day icon for lovers", "text": "SIRSA: A private doctor here has become the talk of town in Sirsa, who always wears white clothes, after his wife died five years ago. Not only this, he bought a chunk of land to construct a farmhouse to install large display boards with his wife's pictures in each corner of it.Dr Praveen Garg, who lost his wife Anupam to cancer in 2007, could be a perfect icon for youngsters who are geared up to express their feelings to their loved ones on Valentine's Day on February 14. A true soul-mate, Garg has been going through the agony of losing his better half, but is still going strong in life, with cherished memories of their good old days.\"I still remember the day -- 23 March, 2007 -- when Anupam left me after a prolonged fight to breast cancer. That was the toughest day in my life, leaving me completely broken,\" Dr Garg told TOI.\"Even before her demise, the mere thought of living a lonely life used to send shivers down my spine. I had even planned to end our lives together by drowning in Ganga river. But she refused and made me to commit to keep the family afloat against all odds. I tried to keep the promise hard, but broke down and went under acute mental depression for about two years\", said Garg, who recovered from his illness to take care of his family comprising two sons.After regaining mental balance, he decided to keep the memories of his wife alive not only in heart but also in his physical surroundings. He constructed a farmhouse named after his wife -- Anupam Gurukul - and fixed big photographs of his wife in each corner. He also decided to wear only white clothes, which has been a social tradition among widows.Dr Garg said, \"She was concerned about our two sons on seeing my fragile condition. She made me realize about my duties and said that I would have to give the love of a mother as well as a father to our children.\" He has apparently fulfilled the duty and helped the two sons to be successful in life. While younger son Nikhil, an IIT Delhi student, has been selected by Google on a package of Rs 67 lakh annually, elder brother Keten Garg, is doing his doctorate in medicine from Delhi.Valentine's DayValentine's SMSValentine's Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785971", "title": "Govt selling dreamsto farmers: RJD", "text": "PATNA: RJD has charged the state government with selling dreams through its exercise of 'Kisan Samagam' held recently.State RJD president Ramchandra Purbey said that CM Nitish Kumar had organized a 'Kisan Panchayat' in February, 2008, to prepare agriculture roadmap for the period 2008-2012. What happened to that agriculture plan can be gauged from the fact that the CM had assured to spend Rs 3,757.12 crore on agriculture, but only 56% of this amount was allocated and finally only 46% money was spent.He said that agriculture minister Narendra Kumar Singh had, on the eve of 'Kisan Samagam' on February 4, said that during 2012-2017 the government would spend over Rs 1.52 lakh crore, i.e. Rs30,000 crore per year for the development of agriculture. But on the 'Kisan Samagam' day, the CM announced that Rs10,000 crore would be spent per annum.Now the big question is who the farmers should believe - the CM or the minister? asked Purbey. tnnHe said the government is not making any effort to provide irrigation facilities, seeds, fertilizers and market to farmers. The government is busy fudging figures, he said.RJD MP Ram Kripal Yadav alleged there was massive loot of money meant for mechanization of agriculture, as farmers were not getting agriculture machines and tools on subsidized price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787125", "title": "HC stays proposal to impose service tax on lawyers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre's proposal to impose service tax on lawyers was put on hold by the Madras high court, which on Monday restrained the authorities from collecting service tax from lawyers.Justice M Jaichandren granted interim relief to the legal fraternity on a writ petition filed by Madras High Court Advocates Association (MHAA) president G Mohanakrishnan.The union finance minister's budget proposal was put into effect on April 8, 2011 when the President gave assent to impose tax on 'services of advices, consultancy or assistance in any branch of law by a person to a business community'. Representational services before a court, tribunal and arbitration too were not spared.Mohanakrishnan said assistance of a lawyer is a constitutional and legal right to citizens and non-citizens of India. Imposing a tax because a nomenclature 'service' is adopted will strike at the very basic structure of the Constitution, he said, adding, \"a tax on a constitutional guarantee is anathema to the constitutional scheme and could never have been envisaged by the framers of the Constitution.\"The impugned provision - Section 65(105) (zzzzm) of the Finance Act 1994 as inserted by Section 71(A)(5)(d) of the Finance Act 2011, required lawyers to register themselves as service providers for the payment of the tax, Mohanakrishnan said, adding that the requirement involved a cumbersome procedure and it would be rendered futile if the court rules in favour of the petitioners. Under these circumstances, the authorities shall be restrained from collecting the service tax from the members of the MHAA, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785435", "title": "State to form policies to improve work culture", "text": "KOLKATA: The state may soon boast of a healthy work culture if labour minister Purnendu Bose finally implements what he promised on Monday: transparent policies on promotion and transfer of government employees. The state government will also arrange for proper counselling of employees, he vowed.\"The chief minister has taken an initiative to make proper job allotments in all departments. There will be a transparent transfer policy for employees. There is also a need of proper counselling of employees,\" the minister said at Writers' Buildings.To begin with, work culture will be toned up in the labour department itself. The state labour commissioner will hold a meeting with all employees, including Group-C and -D ones in the labour department. Officers will be properly informed about their job allotments. A committee will be formed for Group C and D employees to enable them air their grievances.\"The employees do have many grievances. Those will be heard and we will talk to them to sort out their problems,\" the minister said. The meetings will take place in March this year.On the transfer policy for all government employees, Bose said several issues in this regard will be taken note of. For example, if a newly married couple works in the government, they could be allowed to work in the same place for a certain period. Also, employees on the verge of retirement could be posted near their homes.The minister said officers will be posted to look into how the labour departments of other states work so that officers remain up-to-date about their mode of functioning. The department will work on increasing the number of seats in the state labour institute which currently has 750 seats. This will cost the department Rs 2.5 lakh.Bose also reacted strongly against Shyamal Chakraborty's comments. \"I have thoroughly gone through all labour laws and whatever I have said is in conformity with them,\" he said. The labour department will bring out leaflets mentioning the \"dos\" and \"don'ts\" for employees under existing service rules.Meanwhile, the All India State Government Employees' Federation will hold an all-India strike on February 28 on a six-point demand: cancellation of pension, privatization bill, proper wages and salaries for all permanent and contract labourers, fixing Rs 10,000 as the minimum wage, filling up all vacant posts in the central and state government departments and make registration of trade unions compulsory within 45 days of formation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785221", "title": "Votes to be cast in 3,774 booths", "text": "NASHIK: The election for zilla parishad and panchayat divisions will be held across 3,774 electoral booths in all 15 talukas of the district, with maximum number of electors limited to 800 per booth. In all 24,908 employees and officials have been pressed into the electoral services. In Nashik tehsil, there are 118 centres.Of the 73 divisions in zilla parishad, 26 seats are reserved for scheduled tribe, 20 for Other Backward Class, while the rest are for open of which 11 are reserved for women. Similarly, of the 146 seats for panchayat samiti, 35 seats are reserved for OBC, while 52 have been reserved for the scheduled tribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789179", "title": "\"Facebook is a surveillance engine, not friend\"", "text": "\"You know about the two rules right for interviewing Richard?\" a volunteer asks before leading us to meet Richard Stallman , the man who fights for free software day in and out. One, don't use the term Open Source to mean free software.Two, don't say Linux but say GNU/Linux. Dr Stallman, who started the Free Software Foundation in 1985 to promote freedom to create, share and modify software, is extremely sensitive to whether the goals of his initiative are rightly communicated.A computer engineer and self-proclaimed hacker, the 58-year-old Dr Stallman lives the life of an activist. He lives frugally, like a student, he has said once. The philosophy behind the support for free software reflects in other things too.During this interview, he gave back a Kinley water bottle, because he doesn't consume Coca-Cola bottles for the way it handles labour. Ditto is his feeling about Walmart. He uses the low-profile Lemote Yeeloong computer, browses the Net only once or twice daily and doesn't own a cell phone, because he believes it creates privacy issues.He's a Green Party supporter. And can cut down to size all the new age iconic business corporations, which he has done in this interview. In fact, in what raised a storm, he re-quoted the famous lines 'I'm not glad he's dead, but I'm glad he's gone,' after the death of Steve Jobs . Excerpts:How do you see the recent move by Facebook to go for listing?I don't care about that. Facebook mistreats its users. Facebook is not your friend, it is a surveillance engine. For instance, if you browse the Web and you see a 'like' button in some page or some other site that has been displayed from Facebook.Therefore, Facebook knows that your machine visited that page. So, Facebook carries out surveillance over visitors to thousands of different Websites, even for people who are not Facebook users. I hope we will have something for free browsers to block Facebook 'like' buttons so that people won't be under surveillance.In any case, this is why I ask people not to put photographs of me on Facebook, because Facebook collects data about the names of people in photos. It might as well be working directly for Big Brother.Mark Zuckerberg says the likes of Google and Microsoft are collecting information behind your back.They all do it in a secret way. Facebook collects a lot of data from people and admits it. And it also collects data which isn't admitted. And Google does too. As for Microsoft, I don't know. But I do know that Windows has features that send data about the user.Proprietary software tends to have malicious features. The point is with a proprietary program, when the users don't have the source code, we can never tell. So you must consider every proprietary program as potential malware. So to that extent, he's right. But that doesn't make Facebook okay.A recent book called Master Switch (by Tim Wu) discusses whether the Net could be taken over by a private monopoly in future.In the US, it almost has been. Because I think there are three major ISPs that are the only ones that most Americans can use. As a result, those three together could shut down almost all the Internet if they want. The further step from three companies controlling most people's access to one company controlling all is a substantial step but most of the way has gone already.The philosophy of free software is competing with the big proprietary software firms, who can spend a lot.It's actually the free software itself that opposes them. Competing is too weak a word. This is not a competition for success at all.As an idea?The idea that users deserve freedom and should control their computing competes with the idea that people should let companies control them with digital colonisation. But most of the time they don't say it's good to lose your freedom and good to be a victim of digital colonisation. What they do is they distract attention away from it entirely and they ask people to think about other things.So Microsoft had a slogan, 'Where do you want to go today?' Whereas ours is, 'How do you want to live in five or 10 years?' It's clear that the second question is more important. But Microsoft's goal was simply to get people distracted with something else, so they would never ask themselves the deeper questions.In your blog, you have also raised questions against Amazon.com ?In addition to mistreating its workers, Amazon mistreats its customers. And that's what I focus on. E-books from Amazon and most publishers take away readers' tradition of freedoms. And this is an injustice.With paper printed books, you have certain freedoms. You can acquire the book anonymously by paying cash, which is the way I always buy books. I never use a credit card. I don't identify to any database when I buy books. Amazon takes away that freedom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785819", "title": "Trader robbed of Rs 50,000", "text": "PATNA: Shyam Sunder, a trader and native of Begusarai, fell a victim of pickpockets at road overbridge (ROB) at Agamkuan under Alamganj police station on Monday and lost Rs 50,000.The police said that Sunder boarded an auto for going to City Chowk with two people also in the vehicle. SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar said that the auto driver took another route to reach the Chowk taking advantage of the traffic jam on the said road. He said that the driver then again changed the route and Sunder grew suspicious over frequent change of routes by the auto driver.The SDPO said that Sunder asked the driver to stop the three-wheeler and got down from the vehicle. He said that as he got down the vehicle, he found Rs 50,000 missing. \"Who took away the money is not clear, but prima facie the connivance of auto driver in the entire episode cannot be ruled out,\" he said. An FIR was lodged with the Alamganj police station in this connection, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "secunderabad", "code": "11786446", "title": "SCB scraps traffic lights\u2019 contract", "text": "SECUNDERABAD: The Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) on Monday scrapped a contract awarded to Stan Corporation for installing traffic signals at four crucial junctions. The Board met after a six-month hiatus, under a new head - Maj Gen CA Krishnan, GOC Andhra sub-area. Krishnan took oath as the president of the Cantonment Board on Monday.Elected members complained that despite irregularities, the SCB CEO had given permission to Stan Corporation to install and maintain traffic signals. S Balakrishna, the SCB CEO, tried to defend his decision but Krishnan directed the CEO to issue a fresh notification. The Board also passed a unanimous resolution for revising the project cost of the 30-bed Cantonment hospital in Bolarum from Rs 4.04 crore to Rs 5.20 crore. It also selected M/s Rudram Constructions &amp; Power Pvt Ltd for collecting and transporting garbage from Cantonment areas to a privately-owned dumping yard free of cost. The SCB has agreed to provide land to construct a 33/11K V sub-station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784388", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: HC notice to Centre, CBI over Amri Devi interrogation", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday issued showcause notices to the Union ministry of home affairs, CBI director and an SP-rank officer on a petition filed by Congress MLA Malkhan Singh's octogenarian mother Amri Devi. The petitioner alleged torture and harassment by the agency in the name of interrogation in connection with Bhanwari Devi case.Amri Devi, wife of late Ramsingh Bishnoi, who was the most prominent leader of Bishnoi community in his lifetime, alleged that despite the old age and ill-health, she was subjected to intense interrogation and inappropriate treatment by the CBI. She says she was illegally summoned twice to the Circuit House in Jodhpur for interrogation.\"The court has issued show-cause notices to the Union ministry of home affairs, the CBI director and the SP-rank investigating officer in the Bhanwari Devi case,\" said Sunil Joshi , advocate for the petitioner. Justice Govind Mathur directed the respondents to submit the reply by Feb 10, Joshi added.Joshi said that the CBI used to call up on the landline number of Amri's grandson and issue dictates to any of the family members to come down to the Circuit House for interrogation without issuing summons in many cases. \"The CBI has the authority to interrogate suspects or accused, but adopting illegal means in the name of investigation and summoning the family members just to create pressure is breach of Article 21 of the Constitution,\" said Joshi.The petitioner also alleged that the family members even below the age of 15 years were summoned. \"It is completely against the law,\" said Joshi.\"The CBI had sought 15 days' time, but expressing anguish over the CBI methods of interrogation, the court asked them to submit reply to the notices by Feb 10,\" said Joshi.Amri Devi was hospitalized on Thursday after two days of her alleged interrogation by CBI in connection with Bhanwari Devi case. She was apparently summoned by the investigating agency for building pressure on her daughter Indra Bishnoi to surrender.Though the CBI has denied summoning her, she was apparently made to sit at the Circuit House for nearly three hours on Tuesday and for one hour on Wednesday. The development has invited sharp reaction from the Bishnoi community which alleged harassment of the elderly woman.The community leaders have written to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), National Commission for Women (NCW) and National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) demanding that a case be registered against CBI officials for violation of human rights of an elderly woman. They have also warned of a mass agitation.Currently, she is undergoing treatment at Mathura Das Mathur Hospital in Jodhpur.The CBI, on the other hand, tried to wriggle out of the controversy by claiming that no interrogation had taken place with Amri Devi. \"The CBI had spoken to her twice at her residences in Bilara and Jodhpur on Monday and Wednesday respectively,\" said a CBI spokesperson.Meanwhile, Reshmaram, an accused in the case, was remanded in judicial custody by a court here on Monday. A government teacher, Reshmaram is considered close to absconding Indra Bishnoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785935", "title": "JD(U) Panaji candidate releases manifesto", "text": "PANAJI: The Janata Dal (United) candidate for Panaji, Dominic Savio Fernandes, on Monday released his election manifesto promising to \"concentrate on the basic needs of people like regular supply of water, electricity and underground cabling system\".Fernandes told mediapersons that he decided to enter politics because of the \"pathetic state of politics\" and due to \"pressure from youngsters to come into politics and do something for them\".JD (U) state president John Phillip Pereria said his party will field 15 candidates in the March polls of which they have already announced three candidates in Panaji, Quepem and Vasco. Pereira said the JD(U) is in Goa to stay and not here as a \"fly by night operator\". He said his party will fight against all social ills like SEZ. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11787238", "title": "China releases Moon images of \u2018highest resolution\u2019", "text": "BEIJING: China on Monday released a set of \"world's highest resolution\" lunar images taken by its second moon orbiter, Chang'e-2, as it braces to launch its next mission to land a rover to explore its surface. China's state administration of science, technology and industry for national defence (SASTIND) on Monday published a set of full coverage map of the Moon and its images with a resolution of seven meters captured by Chang'e-2.The map and images are the world's highest-resolution lunar images ever published that cover all of the moon, state runs Xinhua news agency quoted Liu Dongkui, deputy chief commander of China's lunar probe project. The images were photographed by a charge-coupled device (CCD) stereo camera on Chang'e-2 from the heights of 100 km and 15 km over the lunar surface between October 2010 and May 2011, the SASTIND statement said.The resolution of the images obtained from Chang'e-2 is 17 times finer than those taken by the its predecessor Chang'e-1.If there were airports and harbors on the moon, the Chang'e-1 could just identify them while Chang'e-2 could detect the planes or ships in them, Tong Qingxi, academician with the Institute of Remote Sensing Applications of the Chinese Academy of Sciences said. The scientists also made some adjustments to the original data to more accurately reflect the topographic and geomorphologic features of the moon, a statement by SASTIND said. The scientists have produced 746 moon pictures with the resolution of seven meters, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785526", "title": "Bank employee suspended for refusing election duty", "text": "KANPUR: Bank of India has suspended Om Prakash, an employee of Narval branch, in compliance of election officer's orders on Saturday.Deputy zonal manager of the bank had suspended the services of Om Prakash on the recommendations made by the election officers on January 28. Om Prakash had refused to perform election duty as he had suffered a lot of humiliation during the previous elections.The district election officer had lodged a complaint against him with the Kotwali police on January 28 and had also sent a letter to Bank of India with an order to suspend him from services.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11785007", "title": "Gujarat Common Entrance Test: Error in subject listing rectified", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) on Monday rectified a major error in the Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET) pre-list which would have proved to be a recipe for complete disaster if gone unnoticed.The subject of 25,000-odd students of class XII (science) who have taken B group and would be appearing in the entrance test for biology were listed as set to be appearing for math exams. This gross error was noticed by authorities of different schools in the pre-list of GUJCET declared by the GSHSEB on its website on Saturday.Principal of CN Vidyalaya Hitesh Trivedi said that the error was spotted on the website and the mistake pointed out to the GSHSEB authorities.\"This would have created major confusion as the B group students would have been served a paper of mathematics instead of biology for the entrance test\", said an official.GSHSEB officials owned the mistake and said that the error had been accepted and rectified.\"We acknowledged that the mistake had been made in feeding in the subject of a number of students and was rectified in time\", said chairman of GSHSEB R R Varsani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11787056", "title": "Rainfall measurement goes automatic", "text": "The city will soon get 10 automated rain gauge (ARG) stations providing location-specific weather data. Equipped to measure humidity, rainfall and temperature, they will help make accurate forecasts, specifying the rainfall variability in different parts of greater Chennai. The city will become the third metropolis after Delhi and Mumbai to get these stations.The modernization programme of the Regional Meteorological Department (MET), part of a larger India Meteorological Department (IMD) project, plans to have at least two Automated Weather Stations (AWS) and four ARG stations in all districts in five years. Working on installing 72 ARGs across the state, including at Anna University campus and Taramani in Chennai, is on.MET director Y E A Raj said the accuracy of weather analysis and predictions was expected to improve. \"In a large urban environment like Chennai, there are variations in temperature, humidity and rainfall in different areas. Compared to Nungambakkam, Meenambakkam is always hotter. The weather stations, controlled by a satellite-based system will help analyse the weather variations in a region,\" he said. The ARG stations will provide Chennaiites with accurate information of the weather, helping them plan their routines.The automated weather stations will help identify in advance the weather in areas prone to extreme climatic conditions to ensure that precautions can be taken.At present, \"three manual rain gauge stations are being operated from Anna University, the DGP's office and Taramani in Chennai. The new ARG stations will transmit data directly to the INSAT-3A satellite and the Earth Station in Pune will analyse the information for different regions,\" said B Amutha, meteorologist, MET, Chennai. While data from manual stations is collected by spot visits by staff, the advantage of the automated system, she said, would be hourly data collection and instant transmission by satellite. \"This will give an accurate picture of weather and its changes instantly,\" Amutha said.Of the 1,350 ADG stations planned in the country by year-end, about 400 have been commissioned.Tamil Nadu will have at least one AWS and two ARG stations in every district by the end of the year.The IMD also plans to increase the number of agro-AWSs in the state. \"Agro-AWSs have sensors for measuring soil temperature, soil moisture, leaf wetness, leaf temperature and radiation. In addition, they will have sensors for air temperature, relative humidity, rainfall, atmospheric pressure , wind speed and wind direction which an AWS will normally have,\" said Amutha.10 ARG stations in ChennaiChembarambakkam Avadi Hindustan University Campus Padur Puzhal Kolapakkam Kattupakkam Sathyabhama University Campus Anna University Campus Poonamallee Taramani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787107", "title": "Absence of legal cell helped Adnan killers?", "text": "MUMBAI: Did the lack of legal guidance in the Adnan Patrawala murder lead to the acquittal of the four accused?. If sources are to be believed, the absence of a legal cell was a key reason why the cops failed to get a conviction in the case.The Mumbai police's legal cell, launched in 2008 with hopes to raise the falling conviction rate, has gone for a toss following a legal battle between the government and lawyers of the legal cell over their appointment.In 2008, the government had appointed around 86 lawyers who were to be attached to each ACP, DCP, additional commissioner and joint commissioner.All the lawyers, who were given a monthly salary , were appointed on two years' contract and on the condition that their contracts will be renewed twice. The lawyers of the cell were not to appear in court but to assist investigating officers to make cases watertight.According to sources, some lawyers from Marathwada approached the Aurangabad bench of the Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal arguing that since they had worked for more than 11 months, they should be treated as government employees instead of contractual employees. In 2010, MAT passed an order making the appointments of legal officers null and void after which the appointment of all lawyers in the state came into question. The government challenged MAT's order in the HC, which is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11784795", "title": "Animal threat to IAF planes", "text": "JAISALMER: Wild animals within the boundary wall of air force station at Phalodi are posing a serious problem for the fighter aircraft and cargo planes at the airbase located near the western border adjoining Pakistan , which has recently become operational.These wild animals suddenly come on the runway, increasing the possibility of accidents.The air force has made all efforts at its level to push the animals away but to no avail. Due to this problem, the Phalodi air base could not be utilised properly. So the authorities at Phalodi airbase approached the forest department recently and two days ago, a team from the department inspected the station and suggested a plan to drive away the animals.Phalodi forest range officer Narendra Singh Shekhawat confirmed visiting the station with the team. The construction of air force's airport, within the radius of 28 km near Kundal village of Phalodi tehsil, started after 10 years. At the time when the boundary was being made, all animals were being pushed away, especially the blue bull (neelgai). Around 28-30 neelgai, 25 chinkara, pigs and other wildlife were allowed to remain, which included both males and females and today their population has increased. These include around 50 neelgai, 45 deer and a large number of wild boars and wolves among others.He said because of the high boundary wall, these animals could not go out or jump over the wall. These animals get water and grass here and, therefore, roam inside the airport, creating menace for the air force.Shekhawat said the air force had written to the department twice in the month of September seeking help in pushing away these animals outside the air force's boundary.He said pushing the neelgai out is really difficult as it attacks by jumping upon the person. The only solution is to make them unconscious and take them out, but the forest department neither knows how to tranquilize them or has the budget for it.At present, 70-80 air force personnel are deployed to ensure no animals obstruct the way of aircraft.It is known that birds have also obstructed many flying operations, caused many accidents, wherein trained pilots have lost their lives. With technology the problem has been brought under control to some extent.\"This is an environment-related issue and cannot be taken lightly in normal scheme of things. The wildlife menace poses great hazards to flight operations, the end result can be catastrophic. To ensure accident-free air operations, we have raised the issue of potential hazards with forest officials and are awaiting reply from civil administration for a workable solution,\" defence spokesman colonel SD Goswami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785579", "title": "Expect rain tomorrow: Met", "text": "KANPUR: Continuously rising temperature is giving people a chance for outings. On Monday, the city markets were flooded with shoppers as well as window-shoppers. The maximum temperature recorded on Monday was 24.2 degree Celsius, while the minimum temperature was at 10.4 degree Celsius. The minimum was 3.4 degrees above normal.According to the weather scientists of CSA, the city may experienced scattered showers on Wednesday while the Sun might play hide and seek with city on Tuesday. The weatherman said cyclonic condensation due to pressure of the north easterly winds and temperature variations would lead to rainfall in the next 48 hours. The cloudy weather will persist for some time, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11788671", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: BJP expels 160 workers, leaders during polls", "text": "DEHRADUN: A total of 160 BJP leaders and workers have been expelled so far in Uttarakhand amid reports of widespread anti-party activities during the January 30 assembly elections, a top state party leader today said.Bishan Singh Chufal, state BJP President, told PTI that the party has taken cognizane of all anti-party activities and has asked the district party units to submit all such reports in order to take further action.\"We have so far expelled 160 party workers and leaders during the assembly elections,\" said Chufal.Chufal's comments came after former chief minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank, who is contesting from Doiwala seat, alleged that his campaign was marred by anti-party activities. Nishank went to New Delhi to apprise top leadership about the intra-party squabble during elections that include airing of certain damaging reports by a local TV news channel.Besides Nishank, Chufal said he has not received any such intra-party squabbles during the elections from other parts of the state. He said he has also discussed the issue with the party general secretaries to devise a strategy in this regard.Assembly Elections 2012 newsUttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787247", "title": "Centre told to decide on RDX stocks in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed the Central government to take a decision on the request of Punjab government to destroy the huge stocks of RDX and other explosive materials lying in various malkhanas of police stations in Punjab, within two weeks.A division bench comprising justices M M Kumar and Alok Singh also directed the counsel for Central government to file an affidavit, informing about the action taken.The directions came after hearing of an affidavit filed by Punjab government stating that they have sent a communication to Union ministries of home and defence regarding disposal of a large quantity of explosives, including RDX, detonators, igniting wires, solar timers, IED receivers, rocket launchers, hand grenades, etc., lying at malkhanas at Khanna, Gurdaspur, Jallandhar and Dhuri stations.In its communication to Union government, the state government has also stated that the reason for non-disposal of explosive materials is that Punjab Police are not adequately equipped to dispose of these without assistance from army authorities. It had also stated that pilferage of such explosives at the hands of anti-social elements can be dangerous for the security of the state and also to police stations/malkhana buildings, where these are kept.The matter was raised before the HC through a PIL seeking directions for disposing off these stocks, which also stated that army authorities were not responding to the pleas of Punjab Police in this regard. The case would now come up for further hearing on March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789350", "title": "Bachchans' boycott UTV!", "text": "Sudhir Mishra and Nikhil Advani's Mehrunissa had everything in place. But one major ingredient was still missing without which, Mishra's recipe was incomplete.Amitabh Bachchan. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the Big B has finally given his nod of approval to the film.Acquiring Big B's approval has not come easy. Writer-producer Advani and director Sudhir Mishra have had to give up their possible alliance with UTV in the process.According to sources from the industry, the Bachchans have decided to stay away from UTV projects ever since Aishwarya Rai was replaced by Kareena Kapoor in Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine.\"Neither Amitji nor Abhishek have ever indicated their non-acceptance of any project on the basis of the production house. However, the facts reveal that they have maintained their distance from UTV produced ventures. Abhishek, for instance couldn't be persuaded to star in Raj Kumar Gupta's satirical musical Ghanchakkar produced by UTV. Also, Amitji never really committed to Mehrunissa until UTV was out of the picture,\" explained a source.Apparently, the film was created keeping Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor in mind. Even though Bachchan had not said 'yes' to the project, the crew was ready to shoot in Lucknow with Rishi Kapoor a few months back. \"We're ready to shoot with Amitji and Chintuji. But Amitji has still not said a final 'yes'. We thought he was not signing new projects, but then he signed another film and we were seriously worried,\" a crewmember had earlier conveyed the team's anxiety.However, with Bachchan finally accepting the offer, the film's schedule are now in place. And the 'acceptance' has come in the wake of UTV opting out as the co-producer of the project. The film will now be co-produced by DAR Motion Pictures and Advani. UTV's Siddharth Roy Kapoor remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784642", "title": "Don\u2019t shield cops who handcuffed accused: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Monday came down heavily on the state for its failure to identify the escort policemen who had handcuffed and fettered a prisoner in August 2011 and made him walk from CST towards Hutatma Chowk, where the courts are.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a public interest litigation by an NGO, Centre of Human Rights and Law, against the blatant handcuffing and fettering of prisoners in violation of the orders of the Supreme Court.\"We shall not overlook any lapse by the police,\" said the judges when public prosecutor Pandurang Pol informed them the police have not been able to identify the cops in photographs submitted to the court. \"Don't shield the policemen involved,\" the judges warned.The petition also mentioned and annexed pictures of a man who was handcuffed inside the Andheri magistrate's court and of three students who were fettered to their desk in Nashik during exams for having allegedly participated in an anti-SEZ protest. At the last hearing, the court had asked the police to identify the escort policemen.The judges were further miffed when Pol said that the petitioner should help identify the escort policemen. \"It is not the job of the petitioner, but of the police,\" said the judges. \"We'll not overlook any lapse here. If there is any attempt to shield (the culprits), you know what inference is drawn in law,\" warned Justice Bobde. \"Give us something credible, believable time frame for the steps you intend to take to identify the policemen involved,\" he added.Pol also informed the court that no inquiry has been initiated in all three cases. Refusing to grant any extension, the judges adjourned the matter post-lunch and posted it for Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787324", "title": "CJ\u2019s letter sealed matter", "text": "BANGALORE: There's a pause in the tug-of-war between the governor and the BJP government over the appointment of Justice S R Bannurmath as the Lokayukta with the name being rejected. The governor raised the red flags following media expose and wanted the government to send a fresh candidate; the CM, on the other hand, stuck to his stance and insisted it was a matter of time before the governor would give in and approve.What clinched the issue was a letter from Karnataka High Court Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen to the CM on February 2, reportedly expressing his concern over the prolonged controversy.The letter read: \"I'm dismayed that Justice Bannurmath is embroiled in a public controversy and this subject has generated considerable debate among the intelligentsia. I'm now of the considered opinion that Justice Bannurmath would no longer be suitable for the position of Karnataka Lokayukta. Any decision emanating from a body headed by him will not receive general acceptance. In the circumstances, I hereby withdraw my earlier suggestion of the name of Justice Bannurmath, former chief justice of the high court of Kerala for the purpose of appointing him as Karnataka Lokayukta.''The governor rejecting Justice Bannurmath's name is reported to have noted in the file that CM's consultations regarding the recommendation were not \"effective\". Though the CM had time and again reiterated that he had consulted the panel, the controversy following the recommendation did not make Justice Bannurmath a suitable candidate, he reportedly said.The governor is also understood to have said that the Lokayukta's post in the past had been held by eminent retired Supreme Court judges and the anti-graft institution had grown under them. \"Even now it is desirable that the CM find a suitable candidate as I am unable to approve Justice Bannurmath's name,'' Bhardwaj reportedly said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11785353", "title": "Forest staff thrash villager, break his hand", "text": "GONDIA: An innocent villager was allegedly beaten up by forest workers last Wednesday when he was collecting firewood near his village Deori (Dhapewada), around 30km from Gondia. The villager claims the foresters falsely accused him of cutting down trees and he suffered a broken hand and other injuries due to the beating.Kisan Shahare had gone to collect firewood for domestic use in the nearby forest on Wednesday (February 1). His son, Devendra Kisan Shahare of Laxminagar, Gondia, said in a press conference on Sunday that his father Kisan Shahare (55) had gone to the forest to collect some waste wood for domestic use at about 5pm. But since he was feeling tired, he was quietly sitting under a tree, where a couple of other villagers were cutting trees.When these villagers saw two forest employees, Anand Meshram (35) and Kuwarlal Patle (46), coming in their direction, they ran away. The forest employees tried to chase them but they were unable to catch them.The forest staff then came to Kisan Shahare, accused him of cutting trees and started beating him. Although Kisan tried his best to convince them that he was sitting there since he was not feeling well, they did not relent. The beating left Kisan's left hand fractured, with injuries on both legs, back and head. Then, the forest employees took him to the Dasgaon range office and there two more forest employees again thrashed him and warned him that if he was ever seen in this forest again he would be cut into pieces.During all this, one of these forest employees suffered a bruise on the leg. So they lodged a complaint with Dawaniwada police station against Kisan, resulting in his arrest. Fortunately, the policemen realized his bad condition and he was taken to KTS Hospital, Gondia, and provided medical treatment. He was released on bail on February 4.On February 5, Kisan also lodged a police complaint with Dawaniwada police against the forest officials and also brought their brutal behaviour to the knowledge of the media the same day. Kisan Shahare was present at the press conference but he was not able to speak properly due to his injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785182", "title": "Rebellion rears head in MNS; party's road show on Wednesday", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Navanirman Sena (MNS), which has not got permission as yet to conduct a road show on Wednesday and a public rally on Saturday, has decided to go ahead with their programmes.\"We have applied for permissions to all departments, but we are yet to get final approval,\" said Bala Shedge, city unit chief of MNS, said on Monday.Shedge said that their party has organised a 25-km road show with party chief Raj Thackeray on Wednesday evening. Some areas, which will not be covered on Wednesday, will be taken up on Thursday. The public rally, will be held on Saturday evening, on the river banks near Baba Bhide bridge.Shedge said that they will not wait for the permission. \"We had given applications well in advance, but it is not known why permissions have been delayed. We will go ahead with the programmes.\" he said.Meanwhile, discontent is brewing in the city unit of MNS with 77 office bearers deciding to quit the party on Monday. A handful of them have also decided to contest the election as independent candidates after being denied party tickets.\"I had given the exam and after clearing it I had cleared the interview too. I was assured by senior party leaders about my candidature and they also asked me to begin campaigning,\" Sayali Kulkarni, a rebel, said on Monday. She said that when the official list of candidates was declared, she was replaced by another woman candidate. \"I have decided to quit the party along with my supporters,\" she added.Kulkarni, a medical practitioner, will now contest as an independent. She claimed that the candidate who has got the ticket had not even appeared for the written exam, which the party had claimed as compulsory for aspirants.Prasad Kulkarni, the ward unit chief of MNS and Sayali's brother, said that the party has ignored workers. \"I have been working for the party since its beginning but when it came to giving benefits, my family has been ignored. Some other person who has hardly done any work for the party was allotted the ticket,\" he said.Kulkarni said that nearly 77 office bearers of the party along with 251 workers have decided to quit the party.Bala Shedge, city unit chief of MNS, said, \"There were some technical problems related to the nomination of Sayali Kulkarni. So we decided not to risk it. All the candidates who have been allotted the tickets have written the exam,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11785045", "title": "Haren case: HC turns down plea for fresh probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday refused to entertain the petition demanding further or fresh probe in the 2003 Haren Pandya murder case.Justice Anant Dave disposed of the petition filed by Jagruti Pandya, widow of the former home minister, on the ground that the state government and the probe agency - Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) - have challenged the decision of a division bench before the Supreme Court.By filing affidavits, CBI and the state government opposed the hearing by HC and contended that the apex court had admitted the appeal against the HC order of dropping murder charges against 12 accused. And when the SC is seized of the matter, it would not be proper for HC to proceed with Jagruti's petition.After HC set aside the Pota court's conviction in August last year, Jagruti Pandya moved HC citing new evidence gathered during the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter probe, which point at possible link between the two cases.She also relied on revelations by suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, who has claimed that Asgar Ali had revealed in November 2003 that it was Sohrabuddin's aide Tulsiram Prajapati who killed Pandya. To further her claims, Jagruti has cited Azam Khan's statement as a witness in the fake encounter case, wherein he revealed how Chudasama claimed to have saved Sohrabuddin from being implicated in Pandya's murder case.She even relies on ADGP Geetha Johri's claims that an accused in this case Kalimuddin alias Nayeemuddin was an informer of Andhra Pradesh police. \"Gujarat police could have arrested him, and if he was the third person (travelling with Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi), he would not have been allowed to go back. That is why, AP police sent seven of its officers to protect and take him back,\" she claims on how the fake encounter may have been connected with the murder of the former minister.On whether she would now approach the SC for further probe, Jagruti Pandya said, \"My case has not been disposed of on merit. I have not received copy of the order, I will decide on future action after going through it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787080", "title": "Govt panel to keep tabs on pvt MBBS, BDS admissions", "text": "CHENNAI: The government on Monday said private medical, dental and paramedical colleges affiliated to state universities will have to seek permission from a new committee before starting admissions for the 2012-13 academic year.The state's decision to constitute a panel to monitor admissions comes after several scams were exposed in granting seats in medical and dental colleges in the state.The Committee to Regulate-Monitor Admissions of Students to Professional Courses by Self-Financing Minority/Non-Minority Medical &amp; Paramedical Colleges set up by the government will be headed by Justice A Abdul Hadi. Its mandate will be to ensure a fair and transparent admission process.The committee will include health secretary Girija Vaidyanathan, as member secretary, Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University vice-chancellor Mayilvahanan Natarajan, former varsity VC K Ananda Kannan, and former dean of Stanley Medical College and Hospital, S K Rajan.From now on, the monitoring committee will issue guidelines to be followed for admission of students, only after the higher secondary exams (class 12) are completed. \"We believe that most colleges sell seats even before the public examinations. In some cases, students are made to appear for fake entrance exams. All entrance exams held before public examinations and without our permission will be invalid,\" a senior health department official said.Admissions made without obtaining permission from the committee will be invalid.The health department has advised students and their parents to check if advertisements and applications are issued by institutions after obtaining permission from the committee. The committee has not yet given permission to any association or college to start the admission process for the academic year 2012-2013.Officials said D D Medical College and Hospital, Tiruvallur, had advertised on February 1 for admissions to MBBS courses. \"If any admission is made by this institution without permission, it will not be valid,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790595", "title": "Nandita Das hates being labeled!", "text": "Award winning actress and director Nandita Das says that labels like 'a thinking man's actress don't amuse her at allNandita Das needs no introduction. The actress, who has worked on her own terms and done only meaningful films like Fire, Earth and many more in her career, has earned respect and won numerous awards. But she says that she doesn't like to be labeled. \"I think when you are in this profession, this (getting labeled) is something inevitable.But it is really irritating and initially, I would get very angry when they would refer to me as 'a serious, art film actress' or something like that. And the tone in which some people talk is demeaning. I am a part of this industry and I don't have a problem with an out and out commercial flick. So why comment on my work? But over a period of time, I learnt to take it in my stride and ignore such things. Today, if they call me a 'thinking man's actress', I would take it as a compliment.\" says Das, who was in Vadodara recently for a panel discussion on \"Is Beauty only Skin Deep? The Indian Obsession with Fairness\" at the Women's Studies Research Center.Speaking on the obsession with fairness, she said, \"I had been this remote village in Orissa, where there is no electricity or other basic facilities. And yet, women there use fairness creams! Such obsession with fair skin is indeed unfortunate.\"Das, who has directed Firaaq, is in no hurry to do any new project. \"I am really busy with several commitments, and my one-and-half year son is also of top priority.\" she says.Commenting about her father Jatin Das winning the Padma Bhushan this year, she says, \"I am very happy that someone as deserving as him has won it, especially at a time when many awards need a lot of lobbying!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11785964", "title": "Keralites prefer allopathy to ayurveda, says survey", "text": "KOCHI: Ayurveda treatment is not preferred by Keralites and its reach is restricted by a 7% acceptance in the state. A survey conducted by Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishath (KSSP) revealed that only 6.6% of the population opted Ayurveda, while 87% preferred allopathic treatment.Thiruvanthapuram Medical College Assistant Professor Dr Aneesh T S said it is the inability of Ayurveda to tackle emergencies and lifestyle disease that forced people to approach the allopathic system. \"According to KSSP's survey, non-communicable diseases are common today and modern medicines can treat them effectively. That's why people discarded ayurveda,'' he said.KSSP's previous reports indicated this trend, even studies conducted by government agencies have confirmed this fact even in tribal areas, Aneesh added. Ayurveda medical practitioners blame the government for this alleged discrimination.Ayurveda Medical Association of India (AMAI) members say the government is reluctant to recognize ayurveda as a branch of medicine. \"Ayurveda does not come under the definition of medicine in the health policy bill that will be passed soon. Most health insurance schemes by the government do not provide insurance coverage for those choosing ayurveda treatment,'' said AMAI president Dr T A Salim. Though the Ayurveda medical practitioners had been demanding the opening of a separate Ayush (Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy) in the state, the government is yet to approve this proposal. Ayurveda doctors are planning a slew of measures to vitalize the branch of medicine in association with the state government. \"We will soon start programmes to create awareness on the merits of ayurveda,'' Salim said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11786111", "title": "Quepem BJP workers protest 'injustice' to them", "text": "MARGAO: Rebellion is strongly brewing in the rank and file of the BJP in Quepem. Peeved by their party's decision to allot the Quepem seat to its alliance partner, the MGP, the Quepem BJP workers have been pressurizing their leader, vice-president of the state BJP and former minister, Prakash Shankar Velip, to snap ties with the party and contest as an independent.Velip, however, remained tight-lipped over the matter, but gave enough indications that he was deeply hurt by the party's rejection of his candidature. \"I am a state leader of the BJP. So let me express my views to the media at an appropriate forum,\" Velip said. He is likely to announce his decision by calling a press conference on Tuesday.At a meeting held at Quepem on Monday evening, where Velip was also present, it was resolved that the BJP workers would ensure Velip's victory if he contests as an independent. Significantly, the meeting was addressed by BJP Quepem mandal president Mhalu Velip and secretary Mahesh Faldesai, among others. The speakers at the meeting, condemned the party's decision to sideline the senior Velip in favour of the MGP's nominee, Prakash Arjun Velip-the personal assistant of chief minister Digambar Kamat until recently.\"This is a gross injustice on the BJP workers who toiled all these years to strengthen the party in Quepem. The MGP has hardly any presence in Quepem. We fail to understand why our party has betrayed us by thrusting an alien candidate upon us, particularly one who had worked against us in the last assembly elections,\" a BJP worker said.The Quepem BJP workers are of the view that the BJP has lost the opportunity to grab the seat from the Congress by offering it to the MGP. \"The BJP had a strong chance of winning the seat this time. The ST community has been hurt by the Congress and was therefore expected to rally behind P S Velip who led the ST agitation last year. There was no need at all for BJP to offer Quepem to MGP. The BJP will have to pay heavily for this blunder,\" a senior party worker said, preferring anonymity. Goa Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785865", "title": "NHRC to investigate 'custody death'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has asked its investigation wing to inquire into the alleged police custodial death of a 50-year-old man in Balasore district last year.Ajay Kumar Biswal of Bankipada village under Nilagiri Police limit was found dead in a paddy field near his house on November 24, a day after he was picked up by police for interrogation in connection with a petty case. His family members alleged he died in police custody at Iswarpur police outpost and his body was later thrown in the paddy field.Akhand, a human rights activist from Puri, moved the NHRC on November 30, seeking fair probe, action against the guilty cops and compensation of Rs 10 lakh for the victim's family. \"The commission admitted my petition and entrusted its DG (investigation) to inquire into the matter,\" Akhand told media persons.Balasore SP Rajesh Kumar denied Biswal was tortured and died in police custody. \"Though he was brought to police station for interrogation in a crime, he was not at all tortured. There was no custodial death. He was safely released soon after interrogation the same day,\" Kumar told TOI, expressing ignorance about the exact cause of Biswal's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785840", "title": "Centre likely to pass Companies Bill by March", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre is likely to pass the new Companies Bill 2011 by March. The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance is expected to \"return\" the long-awaited Companies Bill, 2011 within a month after a limited review.\"I am confident and I feel that the Companies Bill should be presented and passed this Budget session,\" said Veerappa Moily, Union corporate affairs minister. He was in the city to attend a FIevent.The bill was referred to the Standing Committee in December after the BJP pressed for a fresh scrutiny in view of large amendments and suggestions of the stakeholders. The standing committee, headed by the then finance minister, Yashwant Sinha , had given its recommendations on the Companies Bill, 2009, which has since been withdrawn. The new bill of 2011 incorporates 162 recommendations made by the Standing Committee.He pointed out that the Dhanendra Kumar committee had been asked to propose amendments to the Competition Act in the light of the upcoming Competition Policy.\"We have already drafted the new amended Competition Act and will circulate it in the light of the new Competition Policy to all the ministries. Either simultaneously or later, the cabinet will approve the new amendments,\" said Moily.According to him, if implemented, the Competition Policy can reduce pricing in totality. \"After it was implemented in the US, prices of petroleum products fell by around 50%,\" he added.\"We have also put recommendation of Class Action Suit in the Companies Bill, under which minority stakeholders can approach the court, which is generally difficult for a single person,\" he added. The complete introduction of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) will be achieved latest by 2015, Moily said during his speech.2G verdict won't hit FDIOn the impact of the recent Supreme Court verdict on 2G spectrum scam Moily said: \"Any honest dealing will be rewarded and there will be problem if there is dishonesty. So I don't think this will have large impact on foreign investment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11785847", "title": "Corporator seeks report on LMC projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: A city corporator has sought a detailed report from the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) about allocation of funds from corporator's quota for various civic projects. The development may put the top brass in a fix, and comes just around the time, when the tenure of corporators comes to an end. The corporator also alleged that either the civic projects were not completed or only partially completedVinod Krishna Singhal of Yadunath Sanyal ward has referred to renovation of a school in his ward, which he said was partially done even though municipal engineers declared the project to be fully completed. The corporator, in a communication sent to the municipal authorities last week sought to know as to how the project, which was funded by the corporator quota was said to be completed. \"Gross irregularities were conducted in the construction of the school. They (engineers) used old materials,\" he alleged. While municipal commissioner, Shailesh Kumar Singh was not available for comments, municipal sources said that the matter is being examined. \"We will be sending a report soon,\" said a municipal official on the condition of anonymity.Singhal said that he had earlier raised the issue in the municipal house. \"But there have been no response from the authorities, which is stunning,\" he said. Left with no option, he demanded an official endorsement from the municipal authorities.Corporators whom TOI spoke to said that it is true that the projects funded through corporator quota have often been questionable. Corporator of Gomtinagar, Arun Tewari said that he had suggested installation of submersible pump in Vinay Khand. \"Even that did not happen,\" he said. Corporators, notably, have been alleging diversion of funds for projects, which had nothing to do with the civic amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786565", "title": "Cabbies get crash course in etiquette", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cab drivers at IGI Airport will soon be a better behaved lot. The airport management is conducting special workshops for drivers of both radio cabs and regular taxis by giving them lessons in safety, security, personal grooming and politeness.Mohammed Anuddin, a driver with a private cab company, who attended a session on Monday, said that while he and his colleagues had to undergo mandatory training with his company before they were allowed to operate, the classes at the airport gave them an understanding of the specific needs of passengers there. \"This was like a refresher class. We were told how to behave with passengers, be polite and open the door for them. We were also told that we should help out with luggage, especially those of women and senior citizens,\" he said.Ved Prakash, another driver, said: \"We were told specifically to not ask for tips. If a passenger willingly gives one it is fine but it is impolite to expect a tip. We also apprised them of the problems we face with passengers. For instance, often passengers expect to be driven to alcohol vends, get drunk and then create a problem for us. They also often ask us to break rules in order to save on some distance as now we operate on a post-paid basis ,\" he said.\"Refuse politely,\" is what they were told to do.The training programme is being carried out by DISHA, a management wing of Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd (DIAL). It aims at training 1,200 cab drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787153", "title": "Bypass on mind, UT on land hunt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration has decided to have a bypass to keep inter-state traffic at bay, but the architecture department has found that enough land is not available for the project. It has not been decided to take up the matter with Punjab and Haryana.The proposed developmental projects around Chandigarh will generate extensive intercity vehicular movements which will further congest roads.A bypass around the city is necessary, but there is enough land for it.Now, a proposal will be worked out in consultation with neighbouring states to construct the bypass that ensures that traffic not coming to Chandigarh doesn't enter the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785378", "title": "SPM secondary school wins prize in state-level competition", "text": "PUNE: City-based SPM secondary school won the second prize in the state level 'Eco folks drama competition', jointly hosted by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board and Renuka theatres, recently at the Balgandharv Rangamandir. The inter-school drama competition was for students of std V and VI. SPM students enacted a drama titled 'Soyare', which depicted how the earth has lost its forests and greenery due to pollution and urbanisation.Sharda Vidyalaya participates in sanitation programmeSharda Vidyalaya recently received the certificate of participation from the Ecosan Services Foundation (ESS) under their SusanEx11 programme. The objective of the programme is to bring a change in the sanitation habits of society. As children are the agents of change, the programme is executed in schools.ESS, in collaboration with Seecon International, Switzerland, has designed the programme. Sharda Vidyalaya is their seventh partner in Pune.Online chats were facilitated between the 16 participating students and children from a Swiss school called St Gallen. Students exchanged experiences, problems and solutions regarding sanitation in their respective countries.A field visit to a sewage treatment plant was also organised. Each student submitted a project report on the overall experience. Sushma Bhale, principal of Sharada Vidyalaya, guided the students.Annual day celebration at St Francis De Sales schoolSt Francis De Sales school, Shaanwadi, celebrated its annual day recently. The theme for the annual day was 'nurture the nature and the nature will nurture you'.Sanjay Jadhav, deputy commissioner of police, was the chief guest.Students danced to the tunes of various foot tapping numbers. A Marathi play raised the issue of 'save the girl child'.Celebration of Indian dances, a contemporary dance which showed the sorrow of the earth, a musical skit which stressed the importance of saving the earth from huge constructions, pollution, and wanton killing of animals, were the highlights.Students also showcased their agility, flexibility, and strength through a gymnastic performance. The school choir also performed on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11789536", "title": "Stage set for first phase of UP Assembly polls, voting tomorrow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling for the first phase of the high voltage Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections for 55 seats in 10 districts would be held tomorrow that will decide the fate of two ministers, 31 MLAs and 15 former ministers.More than 1.70 lakh electorate would seal the fate of 862 candidates in the polling to be held in Sitapur, Barabanki, Faizabad, Ambedkar Nagar, Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur, Gonda, Siddharth Nagar and Basti amidst tight security.Stakes are high for ruling BSP, Congress, SP and the BJP in the no holds barred fight for the 403 assembly seats.Tomorrow's polling would decide the future of cabinet minister Lalji Verma, minister of state Sangram Singh Verma, 31 sitting MLAs, 15 former ministers and relatives of several MPs including Union Steel Minister Beni Prasad Verma.It would be a litmus test for Congress leaders including Beni Prasad Verma and National Commission for Scheduled Caste Chairman PL Punia as both of them represent the areas going to the polls.While Gonda MP Beni's prestige would be at stake not only in seven assembly constituencies of his parliamentary area but also in Barabanki with his son Rakesh Verma contesting from Dariyabad seat there.Barabanki MP, PL Punia's Dalit card and influence in the area would also be under keen observation in six constituencies of his areaBoth Verma, known for his say in Kurmi vote bank and Punia, Dalit face of Congress would have the herculean task of ensuring maximum number of seats for the Congress, which had secured only three of the 55 seats in 2007 assembly polls.For Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), which had secured maximum of 30 seats out of 55 seats in the 2007 assembly polls, it would be a do or die situation as betterment of performance of rivals would botch political prospects of the party, which was mired in controversies due to corruption cases.Samajwadi Party is also under pressure to perform in the area to increase its tally from 18 seats in the 2007 assembly polls. The party's performance in the region could help it in catapulting itself to power, SP leaders feel.As far as BJP, which talks of \"Ramrajya\", is concerned despite Faizabad and Ayodhya falling in this phase, the party's performance has not been upto the mark in past elections.In 2007, BJP had succeeded in getting victory in four seats only. This time party leaders Rajnath Singh and Kalraj Mishra had taken out yatras, which culminated in Ayodhya with a rally to muster support for the party but it had not generated much enthusiasm among voters especially post Babu Singh Kushwaha episode.Going by the 2007 record on these seats, BSP had won 30 seats while SP secured 18, BJP four and Congress a meagre three seats only.As far as ticket distribution is concerned in Congress , Verma had ruled the roost and succeeded in ensuring tickets to his loyalists and also turncoats from Samajwadi Party.The party is banking on charisma of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, who had covered various constituencies in Bahraich, Gonda, Barabanki, Sitapur, Basti districts during his visits and held a series of public meetings.Also, Congress leader and MP Jagdambika Pal, whose son Abhishek Pal is contesting from Basti Sadar seat has also been camping in his constituency to ensure victory of his son--a first timer in political battle.In the first phase, 6855 polling stations have been identified as critical and to ensure free and fair elections more than two lakh jawans, including of state police and central forces, have been deployed.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785315", "title": "70% cancer cases diagnosed late: Experts", "text": "PUNE: Over 70% of cancer cases in India are diagnosed late, leading to poor survival and high mortality rates, say experts. Cancer predominantly affects the oral cavity, lungs, esophagus and stomach in men and cervix, breast and oral cavity in women.\"There are about 28 lakh cancer patients in India at any point of time. Around 10 lakh new cases are added every year. About 5 lakh deaths occur in the country due to cancer,\" said neurosurgeon Ashok Bhanage, chairman of the Ruby Hall Cancer Centre.Cancer accounts for 14% of non-communicable disease (NCD) mortality in India and about 9% of all deaths. It is expected to rise further due to increase in life expectancy and effects of tobacco, Bhanage said.Against the backdrop of rising cases in India, the Union health ministry has made a Rs 15,855-crore plan for its early diagnosis and treatment over the next five years. By 2017, India plans to open two national cancer institutes along with supporting 100 tertiary cancer centres.Ruby Hall Cancer Centre has treated more than 25,000 cancer patients in the last six years. \"We have been conducting courses for doctors to teach them about early diagnosis and treatment. The course is conducted over six half-day sessions on six consecutive Sundays,\" Bhanage said.Experts from various fields of cancer treatment give lectures and student doctors are provided practical experience. More than 1,000 doctors have availed of these courses over the last five years, he added.\"The sixth edition of the course has begun from February 5, coinciding with World Cancer Day (WCD). Attending doctors will be awarded eight credit points by Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC),\" Bhanage said.World Cancer day began as a part of the World Cancer Campaign, which is in response to the Charter of Paris that was adopted for the New Millennium at the World Summit Against Cancer on February 4, 2000. It is the one singular initiative under which the entire world has united in the fight against the global cancer epidemic. The WCD is observed ever year on February 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11786907", "title": "Undertaking on parking space from vehicle owners only option: UT tells HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Expressing its helplessness in restricting purchase of multiple vehicles in the city to check escalating traffic congestion, the UT administration on Monday told the Punjab and Haryana high court that it hardly has an option other than registering a motor vehicle if the applicant was able to furnish required and accurate particulars in the application for registration. It stated that to discourage the public from making new purchases, vehicle owners at the time of registration will be asked to \"submit an undertaking to the effect that they have proper space of parking at their residences\".The information was provided by the administration through senior standing counsel Sanjay Kaushal in response to a suo motu cognizance taken by the HC to control traffic congestion on the city roads. The submission of UT has come at a time when the administration plans to introduce the scheme where residents will have to show sufficient parking space at their house before registering a new vehicle. The proposal has been prepared after much deliberations by various UT departments and will be discussed in the meeting of UT administrator's advisory council, scheduled to be held on February 9.However, nothing has been specified with regard to ways to increase parking space in the city. On other steps taken to discourage registration of more private vehicles, UT counsel provided a list of increased road tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11785029", "title": "Sohrabuddin probe: Forensic team in Ilol to investigate Kauserbi's murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) reached the city on Monday to probe the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case afresh. The team will head towards Ilol in Sabarkantha district on Tuesday to investigate the killing of Sohrabuddin's wife Kauserbi.A good two years after taking over investigation of this controversial case, the CBI has sought help from CFSL to solve the mystery behind the death of Kauserbi. According to the chargesheets filed by CID (Crime) and CBI in this case, Kauserbi was killed by Gujarat police officials three days after Sohrabuddin was gunned down in a fake encounter in November 2005.CBI has arrested 16 persons in connection with the Sohrabuddin case till date. However, apart from statements of witnesses, CBI has not been able to collect any scientific evidence to prove that Sohrabuddin's wife Kauserbi was murdered and then her mortal remains were burnt by a river side in Ilol. Ilol is the native place of prime accused in this case - suspended IPS officer D G Vanzara. The probe agency also has no evidence that would help ascertain exactly who killed Kauserbi and how.\"On Tuesday, the CFSL team will be taken to the site where Kauserbi's body was burnt to destroy evidence,\" said CBI sources.This will, however, be an uphill task for the CFSL team since the forensic experts will have to dig for evidence that is seven years old. \"However some forensic investigators are quite optimistic of being able to get evidence to prove that final rites of Kauserbi had been carried out at that place,\" said a CBI source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11786159", "title": "Antimicrobial resistance a cause for global concern", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The three-day national conference on antimicrobial resistance: a cause for global concern was organized by the department of microbiology and fermentation technology, at Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences, Allahabad, on Monday. The conference focused on the threat of resistance offered by renegade microbes to antimicrobial agents, which prevails as a cause of global concern.Chief guest of the conference was vice-chancellor, of SHIATS, Prof Rajendra B Lal declared the conference open by releasing the souvenir. Guests of honor Dr K K Tripathi, Advisor Department of Biotechnology &amp; Member Secretary, Review Committee on Genetic Manipulation and Dr G J Samathanam, Advisor, Department of Science and Technology and head, Technology Development and Transfer Division, sagaciously underlined the greater concern on this topic for developing and agriculture based nations like India. Other esteemed personalities also congregated for the meet which included Prof SB Lal, Pro-V-C, SHIATS, Prof AKA Lawrence, Registrar, Prof Arif Broadway, director research.Prof Rubina Lawrence, organizing secretary and convener and head of the department of Microbiology &amp; Fermentation Technology, introduced the topic of antimicrobial resistance: cause for global concern by focusing on the fact of irrational use of antibiotics and the various regulatory measures required to be taken to curtail the resistance developed due to it. Furthermore she emphasized on the urgent need of the discovery of new and advance drugs to retaliate the Multi drug resistant phenomena.The conference thus is providing a perfect podium to comprehend the problem and amalgamate with its scientific substitutions in accordance with their technical feasibilities. Day one of the meet concluded on a general consent regarding the formulation of remedial approaches which must be revealed out in order to curb the catastrophe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11776731", "title": "Direction is not my cup of tea: Rajpal Yadav", "text": "After giving some of the brilliant performances in comic roles for a number of years actor Rajpal Yadav turned director for the first time in his home production's upcoming flick 'Ata Pata Lapata'.But he feels direction is not his cup of tea, he is an actor and would prefer to be one in future. \"Main actor hoon aur actor he rahoonga. Direction is a very creative thing, karne ki ichcha thi so kar liya,\" avers the actor on his recent visit to the sangam city where he had come to participate in a religious function, adding, \"Direction is a very creative work and I wanted to see how does it feel to be behind the camera. I think I have been able to experience what I wanted to, so no more direction for me in near future.\" However, the actor-turned director does not rule out the possibility of going behind the camera totally. \"Abhi to koi plan nahi hai lekin bich bich me aage bhi karne ki ichcha hui to kar lenge but I am not turning into one full time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787083", "title": "Ajit Sawant takes more potshots at Kripashankar", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior Congress leader and rebel Ajit Sawant on Monday fired another salvo at the party, alleging that the rebellion was being manipulated by Mumbai Regional Congress Committee chief Kripashankar Singh. \"Singh has a deep desire to become the chief minister of Maharashtra in 2014 and that is why he is favouring the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).While the alliance per se has no problems, it is the seat-sharing mathematics which has been manipulated by Singh and has led to the rebellion ,\" said Sawant. Sawant had been expelled from the party after he made sensational allegations of money and muscle power playing a role in the party's ticket distribution. Sawant also claimed he has the backing of 41 rebel candidates who did not receive fair treatment from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785314", "title": "Psychological help to fight exam blues", "text": "KANPUR: Calls to the clinics of psychiatrists and psychologists are increasing these days. The worried parents and their wards are queuing up to seek guidance from psychologists to get rid of examination-related stress and anxiety.\"There is nearly 13 per cent rise in the OPD cases in divisional psychological center, which are mostly associated with exam-related issues and anxiety. We are getting calls from the mid of January,\" said LK Singh, divisional psychologist.He added that this is mainly due to societal pressure in children. Often, children are told their future depends on the marks they get. This leads to a lot of tension, anxiety and fear among students.The helplines at divisional psychological center are open throughout the year, but they receive large number of calls from January to May, till the time of results.\"One can call from 10 am to 10 pm on various helpline numbers of divisional psychological center. The contact numbers are 9415948872 (Dr LK Singh), 9452962211 (SP Singh) and 9839079156 ( Vinita Tripathi). All the councellors are available. For direct counseling, one can come to divisional psychological center at Chunniganj from 10 am to 5 pm,\" added Dr Singh.The CBSE students can also call for query and anxiety to the CBSE toll free helpline number 18001803456 from any part of the country.\"The counselling services will operate from 8am till midnight. Facilities have been arranged for differently-abled children to avail the benefits of the services. The helpline will continue to operate till April 16,\" an official of CBSE (Kanpur division) said.The Indian Medical Association had also claimed to launch an advance counselling helpline which will work for 24 hours to de-stress the students.\"We are planning to involve more psychologists to help the students. The official information of helpline numbers will launched soon,\" IMA president said.Anxiety and exam-related stress leads to symptoms like headache , giddiness, irritability, etc. Sleep disturbance, inability to concentrate in class, avoiding school and hesitation to appear for the examinations increase.Psychological consultant Manisha Singh said some students learn and integrate the information well but due to examination anxiety, they do not perform to their potential. \"Many students find it difficult to memorize due to anxiety. This leads to depression ,'' she added.Counselling helps students to be at ease prior to examinatons. The sessions with psychologists and psychiatrists help them to stay focused and assimilate information during studying.The experts praised the involvement of parents in counselling sessions. According to psychologists, parental behavior and home atmosphere play a vital in role in exam-stress management.The experts advise children to spent adequate time in recreation. But watching TV must be controlled especially before sleeping. The recreation activities may include painting, hobby activities and listening music.What to consume* Home-made food* Fruits and vegetables* Salads and roasted snacks* Micro-nutrient fortified beverages* Lots of water* Small and frequent mealsNot To Consume* Medicines that claim to enhance memory* Tobacco products* Junk food* Fried/oily snacks*Food or drinks in large quantitiesTips For Preparation* Keep the spirit high and be confident* Eat right, drink right and think right* Twenty minutes of exercise daily is recommended for keeping body physically fit, active and alert* Take a short (5-10 minutes) break after every 45-50 minutes of regular study.* Sleep for at least seven hours a day. This will help body function well and keep one internally strong", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784760", "title": "\u2018Need to recognise all child labourers\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Social justice and empowerment department principal secretary Aditi Mehta on Monday said provisions should be made for bringing uniformity in all laws and for recognising all children up to the age of 18 years working as child labourers.Making a reference to the Juvenile Justice Act, 2000, she suggested that a proposal be put before the cabinet for approval. She was speaking at a state-level function for handing over \"Draft Plan of Action for Elimination of Child Labour in Rajasthan,\" organized at Jawahar Kala Kendra on Monday.Rural development and panchayati raj minister, Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya, labour minister Mangilal Garasia and the minister of state for education, Naseem Akhtar Insaf, who were present on the occasion, supported the suggestion.Insaf said, \"It is necessary to recognize working children up to the age of 18 years as child labourers so that children can study for more time. Moreover, there are a number of schemes promoting education and providing support to adolescents, gainful employment must be ensured to poor families so that they don't have to send their children to work.\"On the occasion, an NGO based in Banswara, Voluntary Association for Agriculture, General Development, Health and Reconstruction Alliance (VAAGDHARA), and the international aid organization, Plan India, submitted \"Draft Plan of Action for elimination of child labour in Rajasthan,\" to the state government.VAAGDHARA and Plan India have jointly drafted the document with the state government's support through consultations organized in different parts of the state. Also, a report on the child labour situation in Rajasthan and region-specific strategies was presented to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786650", "title": "Tourist from Portugal prays, loses handbag at church", "text": "NEW DELHI: Adilia Martins Afonso came from Portugal to India for a holiday but little did she know that shutting her eyes for prayers at a church in the capital will give miscreants enough time to decamp with not only her valuables but also glasses.Afonso from Lisbon went to Sacred Heart Cathedral near Gol Dak Khana on Sunday evening. As she got engrossed in offering prayers, unidentified persons decamped with her leather bag that she kept near her. Opening her eyes, she found the bag missing and raised an alarm. In her complaint, Afonso claimed that she had lost her passport, Rs 10,000, six credit cards, two pens worth 200 euros and two mobile phones worth 200 euros. Police have registered a case of theft.This is the third case of a foreigner being targeted by thieves in the capital in the past few days. A French embassy staffer, Tozzi, was targeted near the Italian embassy in Chanakyapuri on Friday afternoon while Japanese tourist Fuki Toshimoto lost her handbag on Saturday evening on Aurangzeb Road while she was going to Paharganj from Saket in an auto. Tozzi lost her handbag containing Rs 10,000 and other documents while Toshomoto, who was targeted the day she arrived in Delhi, lost 50,000 yen, her passport, mobile phone and I-Pod among other articles. She told police that a motorcyclist wearing a helmet had snatched her handbag near the Tuglaq Road roundabout.On Sunday, a Kashmiri youth, Amir Basheer, was arrested from Connaught Place for allegedly \"troubling\" two foreign tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "11786857", "title": "Lavya waits seven months for his name", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: For seven months, Rishi and Archana Jain's son was only called ''Kaka'' because the family could not find a name they liked enough to make it his identity. Finally, after searching through books and consulting friends and relatives across the world, they have named their son ''Lavya''.Rishi, a businessman who stays in Ghumar Mandi, said Lavya was born on June 27, 2011, and they went to the temple to find out the first letter of their baby's name. ''We were told that the first alphabet should be 'L' and so we began our search. I called my friends for suggestions and even bought some books with names. Every day after work, my job was to sit and go through all the different names and their meanings but nothing really impressed us,'' said Rishi.Archana on her part called relatives in Germany and also told her parents and siblings in Delhi to be on the lookout for ''good names''. ''Relatives got back with a multitude of names but we always felt something was missing ,'' she said. After many family discussion spanning over seven months, they finally shortlisted three names - Luv, Lokesh and Lavya. ''My father Ashok and mother Asha liked the sound of 'Lavya' most and we all agreed. As long as it took, we think the result has made it worthwhile,'' added Rishi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "11787301", "title": "UN appeals India to ratify global nuclear test ban treaty", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: UN chief Ban Ki-moon has appealed to eight countries, including India, to ratify the CTBT to bring the global nuclear test ban into force.The UN secretary general made the appeal after Indonesia became the 157th country to adopt the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT).Besides India, China, North Korea, Egypt , Iran, Israel , Pakistan and the US are the other nations in a core group of 44 nuclear countries which have not ratified the treaty.The 44 nations which must ratify the CTBT to bring it into force all have nuclear weapons or atomic programmes.This would accelerate the entry of CTBT into force, Ban said after his meeting with Indonesian foreign minister Marty Natalegawa at the UN headquarters.During their meeting, Ban stressed the importance of Indonesia's ratification of the CTBT given that the country is one of the so-called Annex 2 States, whose endorsement is required for the treaty to enter into force, a UN release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11786063", "title": "Poll process heats up as 20 file papers", "text": "NOIDA: The political climate in the district seems to be heating up with a total of 20 candidates having filed their nominations to the three assembly segments till the fourth day of the process. In the first three days, barring Sunday, nine candidates had filed nominations for the three seats.On Monday, five candidates filed their nominations for the Noida assembly seat, taking the total number of candidates on fray to 10. Anoop Khanna of the Lok Satta Party and Om Dutt Sharma of the ruling BSP were among prominent faces who filed their papers on Monday. Other candidates include Bipin Singh of Rashtriya Lok Manch Party, Brahmpal Singh of Rashtriya Janata Party and Yogendra Sharma of Jankranti Party (Nationalist). Earlier, Dr Mahesh Sharma of the BJP, Sunil Choudhary of the SP and Chander Bhan Singh of the CPI(ML)-L had filed their nominations apart from two independent candidates.For the Dadri assembly seat, Rajkumar Bhati of the SP and Jasveer of the Rashtriya Lok Manch filed their nominations. Earlier, a woman candidate, Rinki of Rashtriya Janata Party had filed her papers. The total candidates for the Dadri seat now stands at three. Four candidates filed their papers for the Jewar assembly seat on Monday, including Vedram Bhati of the ruling BSP, Vijender Bhati of the SP and Thakur Dhirender Singh of the Congress.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785735", "title": "HC orders rehab for over 1500 bonded labourers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The fight to abolish the obnoxious practice of \"bonded labour\" in Odisha has received a boost. The Orissa high court recently directed the collectors of Puri, Khurda, Cuttack and Jagatsinghpur districts to identify, release and rehabilitate 1,585 lower caste people forced to render services to their upper caste counterparts. The court has set a three-month deadline for the collectors.The January 18 order followed a petition by human rights activist Baghambar Pattnaik in April 2011. The petitioner had alleged that the administration of the four districts had neglected to implement a 2008 National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) order to abolish the bonded labour system.Pattnaik said the \"landmark judgment\" would herald a much-needed social change in Odisha and other states vulnerable to the caste-based practice. \"I have sent copies of the judgment to the district collectors. Let us hope that they would now swing into action and start the rehabilitation process soon,\" said Pattnaik, who has been waging a decade-long battle for ending the practice a decade ago. The state has around five lakh bonded labourers, he added.\"We have addressed the issue of bonded labour several times in the past. We would abide by the high court order and soon start the identification process of the bonded labourers,\" a Puri district official said.In December 2011, the Puri district administration had distributed \"release certificates\" to 17 men from the barber caste in Bramhagiri area following an NHRC directive. The 17 men were bound by the local practice of Bartan. It mandated the men to wash the feet of guests during social functions in villages in lieu of about 15 kg of paddy per annum.As per the law, each person was given Rs 1,000, along with the certificate and Rs 19,000 later by the government for their rehabilitation. However, Pattnaik alleged that some of those \"released\" men were still being treated as bonded labourers by upper caste villagers.Pattanaik added: \"As many as 2,88,098 debt-bonded labourers in the country were identified, released and rehabilitated by March 31, 2009. The highest was in Tamilnadu (65,573), followed by Karnataka (63,437 identified, 57,185 rehabilitated) and Odisha (50,029 identified, 46,901 rehabilitated).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785293", "title": "Three convicted for murder", "text": "KANPUR: Three accused, including two brothers, were convicted for by the additional district and sessions judge I, Kanpur Nagar on Monday and punished with life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 24,000 each.The sentenced persons were identified as Tara Singh and Surjan Singh, both brothers from village Goriyan, and Raj Kumar of village Purwa under Maharajpur police circle. Two more accused persons, Karan Singh and Atar Singh, had died during the trial, hence case against them was abated.According to the prosecution, the accused, armed with countrymade pistols and other firearms, had raided the fields of Kallu Singh on April 7,2001 where Goreylal his mother and sister were harvesting the wheat crop. They opened fire on Goreylal and injured him seriously. They then managed to escape. Goreylal died on the spot. Land dispute was the motive for the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784338", "title": "Jaipur Metro trial runs to be delayed", "text": "JAIPUR: The trial run of Jaipur Metro, expected in January 2013, will be delayed by two months. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has pushed the deadline and is now planning to conduct trial runs in February or mid-March.According to the DMRC, with delay expected in civil construction, the margin of trial will shorten to four months which was six months earlier. Lalit Meghnani, project director, said: \"The trial runs will start in February for Jaipur Metro. The margin of trial run was six months as per the comfort which is now reduced.\"The DMRC was planning to complete all the civil work before December 2012 as the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will conduct a number of oscillation trials. However, due to various setbacks, the civil construction might get slightly delayed. \"There are provisions by which we can manage time ahead and start Jaipur Metro on scheduled time. We will approach the ministry of railways 3-4 months earlier and request them,\" said Meghnani.Meanwhile, stating the project progress, Atul Gadgil, general manager (civil), DMRC, said contractors have also been awarded for rolling stock, signaling, 132 KV receiving sub stations, overhead equipment and tracks. \"We will start giving the front to contractors by next month, so that possibly all the work is completed. The work will be allotted in phases to avoid delay.\"He also claims that the launching operation (work for laying the bed of elevated Metro rail tracks), will be completed by December 2012, despite a one month delay. \"We have used some engineering innovations to bridge the gap. The work is expected to be completed on scheduled time as the inspection team from the RDSO are strict on oscillation trials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "basant avenue", "code": "11786841", "title": "Preeti's passion keeps her singing talent alive", "text": "BASANT AVENUE: Preeti Behl, 39, has not let her passion of singing die even while managing the mundane chores of daily life. She loved singing since childhood and did graduation in vocal music. Now she is keeping her interest alive while managing responsibilities of daily life. She wants to establish a centre for providing training in classical music because she feels that there is no place here in the industrial town where one can do so.Hailing from Ambala, Preeti got married to Sanjay Behl, a businessman, but never let her talent die. Her husband supported her fully. She is working as coordinator in BCM School and organizes cultural programmes in the school. She has also trained her daughter in singing.Talking about her love, Preeti shared, \"Music gives me inner peace and I cannot stay away from my tanpura (four stringed lute) and harmonium. My talent would have died if my husband had not encouraged me.\" She organizes events in the school regularly where she handles stage and sings most of the times.\"I did graduation in vocal music from Kurukshetra University but then did postgraduation in English literature because at that time music did not have much scope. But even then singing remained close to my heart,\" she said. She had also got an opportunity to sing on Jalandhar Doordarshan along with \"Chayian Chayian\" fame singer Jaswinder Singh.A mother of two, Preeti has won many accolades for her voice during college days. She used to win 7 to 8 prizes every year during cultural functions on a regular basis. Her daughter, Saniya, is also in love with singing and has won many prizes in school competitions.Admiring her talent, her husband said, \"She is multi-talented and manages everything so well. I also support her passion for singing. I want her to be happy always and music is the only thing that makes her the happiest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11785760", "title": "Fingers point at MLA for murder", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Lok Sabha member from Aska Nityanand Pradhan (BJD) on Monday accused Sanakhemundi MLA Ramesh Jena (Cong) of being behind the murder Congress Nayak, the MP's representative in Ganjam's Dharakote block . \"At the behest of Jena, my party organizer at Haripur in Dharakote block was brutally murdered,\" the BJD leader alleged. Jena, however, was not available for comment. Dharakote block comes under Sanakhemundi assembly constituency.Congress Nayak (42), a local BJD leader was allegedly killed by his political opponents in his village on Sunday. Although there was political rivalry between two groups in the village, sudden provocation over pasting of posters for the three-tier panchayat elections led to the murder, police said.Dhoba Nayak, brother of the deceased who lodged FIR has also mentioned the name of MLA along with 15 others in it. Jena, however, was not directly involved or present during the incident, he stated in the FIR.Villagers and ruling party workers staged a road blockade at Dasamaili demanding arrest of the culprits, including the local MLA. The agitation disrupted road communication between Aska and Sorada for several hours.Many criminal cases are pending against Jena. He was arrested in connection with Chicken Rabi murder case in Berhampur, even after he became the MLA in 2009.\"Nayak was a good organizer of our party and the Congressmen targeted to kill him. There have been several attempts on his life,\" Pradhan said, demanding immediate arrest of the persons.DIG (Southern Range) R K Sharma who visited the trouble-torn area said the situation was under control. Adequate policemen have been deployed in the village. \"Situation is under control,\" the DIG said.Police said the accused would be nabbed soon. Police have raided several locations during the night and intensified patrolling to arrest the culprits.Even though police have registered 20 pre-poll violence cases in Ganjam, the politically-sensitive district in the run-up to the panchayat poll earlier, this was the first political murder in the district after the declaration of the panchayat election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789833", "title": "Admission hurdles", "text": "According to the latest HC order, the 'neighbourhood' criteria for those seeking pre-school admissions in the low-income category have been revised. Vatsala Shrangi reportsSince the first list for pre-school admissions was declared on February 1, the new order of the Delhi High Court (HC) on the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) category has added to the confusion. According to the HC order of January 31, 2012, the criteria for those seeking pre-school admissions in the low-income category has been revised. Also, schools have been asked to withhold the declaration of their first lists till further clarifications are issued by the high court. But schools which have already published the EWS list are not required to withdraw it.According to the latest guidelines, first priority will have to be given to EWS students residing within less than one kilometre from the school instead of the earlier one kilometre rule. Those residing between one and three kilometres will come next. The third preference will be given to those living at a distance between three and six kilometres. Others residing beyond six kilometres from the school can get admission only if seats are still vacant.At Ramjas School, Anand Parbat, which received around 900 applications in the general category, 75% of the seats are full by the first list. However, the school received around 500 applications in the EWS category, for which the list has not yet been put up, following the high court order.In keeping with the recent order, we have withdrawn from releasing the EWS list for the moment. However, getting a seat is a problem for the general category students as they are left with lesser options. But, they must not lose hope before the second list, says, Rajni Arora, principal, Ramjas School, Bal Bharti Public School received a total of 3,669 applications, out of which 757 were from the low-income category. However, the school followed the draw-of-lots system for both categories. Though they have already carried their lucky draw for EWS, they have not put out the list yet.Laxman Public School, in its point-wise break-up had given neighbourhood and sibling maximum weighting in which the cut-off went up to 67. While those under the 67 bracket have got through directly; for those in the 65 bracket, the school resorted to the lottery system. For EWS, there were 315 applications against 44 seats. The result for EWS was carried out by lottery, but the list is not out officially, awaiting the court order.However, at NCR schools like Dwarka International, out of the 500 odd applications for 140 seats, most have been filled by those making a clear cut 60 points. While for those at 45 points or close, a lucky draw will be done for the second list, which will be out on February 15.Since Dwarka has so many schools, the situation is better here. We are not waiting for the court order for EWS category as we have decided to announce the results on February 24. Hopefully, the issue will be clarified by then, says Ritu Mehta, principal, Dwarka International.Sureh Kumar who runs a tea shack in Amar Colony, says, I had applied to four schools in the neighbourhood, for my daughters admission, but they are yet to announce the results due to a government order.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785174", "title": "Residents seek open spaces development", "text": "NASHIK: Residents from Durga Nagar have sought development of open spaces in the area. Besides this, the condition of some internal roads is another cause for concern.Ward no. 2 of Panchavati division includes Durga Nagar, Konark Nagar, Bidi Kamgar colony, the area behind the Hotel Jatra and Nandur-Manur area. The population of the ward is around 16,202.Durga Nagar resident Santosh Jagtap said, \"There are four open spaces in the area, but the NMC has still not developed these open places. We have demanded that they either develop a garden or a samaj mandir (community hall) here. Internal roads have been developed in some parts, but the condition of other roads in the area has deteriorated. The condition of Mira Datar road, which passes towards the Mumbai-Agra national highway, has deteriorated. We have made repeated demans for the construction of this road in the past two-three years, but in vain.Secondly, the small channel, which begins from the main Nashik left canal, passes through Durga Nagar. This channel has not been covered and has led to a mosquito menace in the area. Today, farms that formerly recieved water via the channel have now been replaced by residential colonies. There is no need of the channel today. Internal roads which pass over the small channel, have also not been connected,\" Jagtap said.Local resident Hiraman Gite said, \"The condition of the K K Wagh Engineering College raod, which passes towards the national highway has completely deteriorated and it causes inconvenient to residents while plying vehicles. A garden has been developed here, but there are also some open spaces which have not been developed by the NMC administration\".When contacted, the outgoing corporator Anant Suryavanshi said, \"Rs. 48 lakh has already been approved for construction of the Mira Datir Road and the road behind the K K Wagh College. The tender is to be issued once the code of the conduct for the civic elections concludes.\"'In the last five years, I have carried out various developmental works amounting to Rs. 35 crores. These include the development of DP road, development of internal roads, installing streetlights,a garden etc.\" , Wagh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784974", "title": "Ahmedabad: Helpline for board students launched", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first distress prevention helpline was launched for 12 lakh SSC and HSC students by the psychiatry department of Civil Hospital, Ahmedabad, on Monday. The students will appear for their board exams from March 5.Head of department of psychiatry department Dr G K Vankar said that the helpline has been launched a good month ahead of the exams so that doctors can make a quality difference to the stress and anxiety faced by the students. Over 200 students from all over the state flooded the helpline calls on the first day of its launch.\"The students start seriously preparing a month before the board exams and this is the time when stress and anxiety starts building up. We have launched the helpline early so as to ensure that we get to deal with stress in its initial stages and are able to help the students cope with it better. Since it is difficult to work on the psyche of the students a week before the exam when stress is at its peak, only drastic measures and treatments can be suggested at the time,\" Dr Vankar said.Assistant professor of psychiatry at Civil Hospital Dr Bhavesh Lakdawala said calls were received from Ahmedabad, Surat, Vadodara, Rajkot, Junagadh, Porbandar and other cities across the state on the first day of the helpline's launch.\"Most of the calls were pertaining to issues like lack of concentration, not being able to recall chapters which were studied and general anxiety that they will not be able to do well in exams. Many students also complained of pressure from parents and teachers,\" said Lakdawala.Dr Lakdawala added that parents of bright students should especially refrain from exerting too much pressure on their wards. \"One class XII (science) student who has scored 85 per cent marks in prelim exams said he wanted to take a drop as he believed that he will not be able to score well in the board exams. He said that his parents and teacher had too many expectations and he feared he might not be able to deliver,\" said Dr Lakdawala.He said doctors will be available 24x7 on the two helpline numbers and will counsel the students. If students are found to be suffering from acute stress, they will also be asked to come and consult the doctors in person and their parents will be counseled as well.Distress helpline numbers are 9016654149 and 9426849276", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11785448", "title": "Ministry wars may clip quail farmers' wings", "text": "MADURAI: It is the classic case of the right hand not knowing what the left is doing. While a clutch of institutions under the agriculture ministry were aggressively promoting rearing of Japanese quails, the Union ministry of environment and forests has banned killing of the bird.Though justice V Dhanapalan of Madras high court granted an order of injunction on January 31 restraining the environment ministry from interfering with quail farming, quail farmers in Tamil Nadu are worried lot. At stake is their livelihood. Many of them, spread across scores of villages in Madurai, Coimbatore, Namakkal, Sivaganga and Kanyakumari districts, have set up farms with bank loans.Take the case of J John, a farmer from Kanyakumari district. He and friends took up quail farming with expertise from Central Avian Research Institute (CARI), which was then promoting it. They took bank loans and set up farms in Cheruvalloor in Kanyakumari district. Their effort received institutional support from state bodies since the Union ministry of agriculture was promoting poultry from 2007 to 2011. Developmental agencies, veterinary and animal science universities and poultry research stations under the ministry were then advocating Japanese quail farming on a commercial basis.\"Now after the ban, marketing avenues for the bird are almost closed. Many restaurants and food outlets have taken off quail from their menus. We are unable to sell quails to distributors and end-users. Dealing in Japanese quail is now a non-bailable offence. We are at a critical juncture. If there is no remedy, these problems will result in state-sponsored mass suicide,\" says John.M Saravanan, who has a farm at Pottapatti near Melur, said he set it up with chicks provided by the veterinary university at Namakkal. There were thousands of quail farms nearby. After the Union government imposed a ban, forestry officials were quick to seize lorry loads of quail being transported to the market. \"In such a situation, we are confused whether to pursue quail farming or not,\" he says.M Suri, a lawyer, pointed out that it was ironical that when the departments of animal husbandry, central poultry development organisation, NABARD and the Indian Council of Agriculture Research functioning under the ministry of agriculture, were promoting Japanese quail farming by spending crores of rupees to boost the rural economy, a department under the environment and forests ministry has banned rearing the bird. He explained that the Japanese quail (Coturnix Japonica) was not a wild quail and as such not a scheduled protected wild bird as defined under sub-section 36 of section 2 of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972. He said in the said act, schedule IV includes only Quails Rhasianidae (Indian quail) and not the Japanese quail, which was brought to India by CARI from abroad.When the matter had come up for hearing in the Madurai bench of the high court, counsel of the petitioner (a Kanyakumari district-based NGO) G R Swaminathan submitted it was ironic that when the departments of animal husbandry, Central Poultry Development Organisation and ICAR functioning under the ministry of agriculture were promoting Japanese quail farming to boost the rural economy, the ministry of environment and forest had imposed a ban on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785536", "title": "Awareness about voting among students through SMSs", "text": "KANPUR: The association of self-financed colleges initiated a campaign on Monday to create awareness among students about voting. The students would be made aware through SMSs and emails.President, UP Swavitposhit Mahavidyalaya Association, Vinay Trivedi, said that there are 2,296 self-financed degree colleges in the state in which 20 lakh students are studying. The association wants the youth to understand their responsibilities and know the importance of casting vote.General secretary of the association Brajesh Bhadauria said that the political parties have released the election manifesto and made several promises to the voters but none had thought about the youth studying in colleges. No political party had spoken about steps to enhance the quality of education.Group discussions, debate and lectures would be held in the self-financed degree colleges across the state to make aware the students about the importance of voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11785901", "title": "Saligao farmers refuse to sacrifice fields for pipeline", "text": "MAPUSA: Farmers of Saligao have strongly objected to the ongoing work of Goa Tillari Irrigation Development Corporation's (GTIDC) irrigation project in Saligao as according to them laying of the pipelines will destroy their fields. The villages have strongly demanded that the GTIDC stop construction of distributory channels and as such called for a re-alignment.On Monday around 200 affected farmers gathered in Saligao to oppose the ongoing work. They suspect that the project is to provide water to hotel projects in Candolim and not in the interest of the farmers.\"With the fact that no openings have been kept to release water in the fields in the villages of Bastora, Guirim and other parts of Saligao we suspect that the pipeline is to facilitate water supply to big hotel projects in Calangute and Candolim, it's a big racket in disguise,\" said Alex Rodrigues, a local farmer.\"We are not opposing the project but we demand realignment. It should not pass through cultivable fields,\" he added.The farmers said that they have been not served notices for the land acquisition nor have they been taken into confidence. \"We are shocked to see the pipes and excavation machinery being kept in the fields . We jointly object this project as it will damage our fertile fields,\" said Avristo Fernandes, a local farmer. \"It will keep us from cultivating our fields which is our only source of income,\" he added.The Saligao panchayat has also passed a resolution on January 12, 2012, stating that \"the fields in question cannot be acquired owing to the fact that they are fertile, cultivable, agricultural land and as per Goa Land Use Act, 1991, the agricultural land cannot be used for any other purpose another than agriculture and it is unanimously resolved to oppose the construction of the Calangute distributory canal passing through these fields\".The farmers have also threatened to agitate further if their demands are not met.Our demand is a valid one. The pipeline should be diverted. We will oppose the project tooth and nail if it passes through cultivable fields, villagers have maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790562", "title": "Gautam Kurup: I hate you like I love you!", "text": "He has worked behind the camera for 20 years, but looks like Gautam Kurup loves his stint in front of it as well.After acting in Murdering Innocence (Hindi) and Kandahar (Malayalam), he has two interesting Tamil films in his kitty - Sharada Ramanathan's Pudiya Tiruppangal and A R Murugadoss's Thuppaki, in which he plays characters with negative shades.He says, \"Even as I was working on Nanban, I didn't know that I would be shooting with Vijay. I think I grew as an actor while acting with him in Thupakki, in which I play an important role. I auditioned for the character and did a look test as well before I was confirmed.\"Gautam adds that the turning point in his career came when he was first signed up to do Pudiya Tiruppangal. \"This thriller was offered to me by director Sharada and cinematographer Madhu Ambat, who got the best out of me. I play a negative role and people will surely love to hate me!\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785807", "title": "Four notorious criminals arrested in city", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Sunday arrested four notorious gangsters when they assembled at Banwari Chowk under Sultanganj police station and were planning to commit some crime.The police recovered two countrymade pistols, two live cartridges, besides two cellphones from them, said SSP Alok Kumar on Monday. He said that after receiving information about the presence of some criminals at the Chowk, he directed City SP, Patna, Kim to constitute a special police team led by SDPO (Patna City) Sushil Kumar to arrest the criminals.Kumar said that the team carried out a raid at the Chowk at around 11 am and arrested the four gangsters from there.The SSP said that the arrested gangsters have been identified as Mohd Raju (Dargah Karbala, Sultanganj), Mohd Akbar alias Bantu alias Bhanta (Naya Tola, Phulwarisharif), Mohd Sajjad alias Garchirwa (Dargah Road, Sultanganj) and Mohd Chotu alias Bakria (Murgiya Tola, Phulwarisharif).Kumar said that the criminals had assembled there and were planning to eliminate a member of the rival gang in Bahadurpur locality. He said that all the arrested criminals had been jailed earlier in connection with cases of loot, Arms Act, murder, attempt to murder and dacoity. They confessed their involvement in criminal activities in areas under Sultanganj and Bahadurpur police stations in the city, the SSP added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11786034", "title": "Officials get trained to help with EVMs", "text": "NOIDA: Before the city's residents cast their ballots, the administration needs to teach them how to use the Electronic Voting Machines. However, for officials to impart such knowledge, they first need to be trained. For this, the training of presiding officers in charge of Gautam Budh Nagar district for the upcoming assembly elections began on Monday at the Phase-II Phool Mandi. The three-week training, which will end on February 25, is aimed at helping the officials master the functioning of the EVMs, besides the theoretical aspects of various poll regulations.Various audio and visual aids will be used in the training sessions to make the presiding officers aware of all the aspects of the voting process so that the polls are fair, impartial and peaceful. \"The officials have been divided into three batches to facilitate greater participation and interaction during the sessions. Each batch is first given a theoretical session on their expected roles during the elections. It is followed by another session of live demonstration of the EVMs and its functions and, finally, they are shown a 45-minute video documentary to make them aware of all the aspects of the voting process in order to enable them to guide the voters during the elections,\" said the district training officer, Punit Kumar Aggarwal.The chief development officer Pawan Kumar, who is presiding over the training session, said that besides instructions on election regulations, norms and processes, the officials will also be especially trained in \"aiding voters cast their ballots.\" \"The presiding officers, the sector magistrate and the zonal magistrate play a crucial role in ensuring that the polls are fair and impartial. The officers need to keep this in mind and besides other things, also ensure that the model code is adhered to,\" Kumar said.From Wednesday, the district administration will also rope in senior officials who have regulated polls in the district before to pass hands-on experience on conducting polls to these officers. The seniors will impart training to the presiding officials on how to go about their duties and activities during the polls.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11786140", "title": "Voter slips must apart from photo identity cards", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district election officer Alok Kumar gave details about the election process to general master trainers and EVM master trainers at the Sangam gallery on Monday. About 50 master trainers were present in the training programme.The district election officer further informed that for the first time, arrangement of voter slip has been made. This slip would be basis of identification of voter in addition to the photo identity cards. The voter slip would have the signature of the BLO (Booth Level Officer ). Without the signature of BLO, the voter slip would not be valid.He also told that the security guard accompanying electoral candidate would not be allowed to enter the polling booth. The polling agent should have the voter identity cards. The district election officer also said that taking of photographs of people casting their vote in the voting enclosure is completely prohibited. The polling agent can keep the voter list but before going out, they should hand it over to the presiding officer of the polling booth.Further, no armed person would be allowed around 200 meters of the polling centre. Further, no one would be allowed to keep the mobile phone within a radius of about 100 meters of the polling centre.Uttar Pradesh assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787036", "title": "Cupid strikes even harder online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the most romantic month of the year already here, the entire world is turning red and so are the social networking sites Facebook and Twitter, buzzing with updates to keep friends and loved ones reminded of the Valentine's week date sheet. These sites play a major role in promoting friendships, thus providing a perfect ground for city youth to share the Valentine's week date sheet.Every day of this V-day week is considered special for lovers. Starting from Tuesday with Rose Day all lovers will start expressing their love. This day would be followed by Propose Day on Wednesday, Chocolate Day on Thursday, Teddy Day on Friday, Promise Day on Saturday, Kiss Day on Sunday, Hug Day on Monday and Valentine's Day on Tuesday. And cashing in on the lovers' week, shopkeepers also make sure they have all the possible gifts one may need during the whole week.Gauri Sharma, student of commerce cum a resident of Sector 38, feels that a week is also less to celebrate love. She says, \"Everybody, be it rich or poor, longs for only one thing in life which is love. Thus, I feel to celebrate it even a week is less. We should add more days like geri day, cake day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784877", "title": "Decision on Prantij college likely today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Tuesday could well prove to be crucial for Gujarat Institute of Engineering and Technology (GIET), Prantij. Gujarat Technological University (GTU) officials will take a decision on Tuesday over the complaint of non-existent staff and infrastructure at the institute.A committee of GTU officials had carried out a surprise check to look into the complaint of non-existent staff and infrastructure in GIET, Prantij. The committee, in its report to GTU, pointed out that the college had a shortfall of 50 per cent in teaching staff. Also no practical classes were conducted as there were no instruments. GTU was caught on a back-foot on Saturday when the surprise check conducted by the committee revealed that the local inquiry committee of GTU had highlighted the violations last year, but no action was taken on the report.Officials said that GTU after getting the report will decide whether to recommend to the All India Council for Technical Education to cancel the recognition of the institute or for the next academic session. GTU might decrease the student's intake capacity of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785902", "title": "HC quashes PUVC's ban onfour students", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of the Patna high court presided over by Justice Navin Sinha quashed the order of VC, Patna University, banning four students from entering the university campus after these students had entered the VC's office and created ruckus. This was challenged in the high court by one Varun Sharma, an NSUI leader. The incident had occurred a month earlier.Verdict reserved: In another case, the high court on Monday reserved its order in a case related to time-bound promotion of all the university and college teachers in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790413", "title": "Educational Plays for Children in Mumbai Schools", "text": "As parents and caregivers, havent we all at some point in time found it difficult to get our points across to the little ones? Verbal repetition, contrary to adult beliefs, does not reinforce messages within a childs mind. As clichd as it may sound, children do learn best, by actions and example. Taking this concept to the stage a theater group from the UK, London Talents is on a tour conducting educational plays for children below the age of 7 years and their parents.Through these performances we aim at making the experience pleasurable and creating social experiences which effectively ingrain the concepts in our children for long term results, explains Jumana Kapadia, organiser, London Talents.As an educational research-based theatre organisation they work closely with neuroscientists and focus groups of children to create multisensory performances. Adult specialist actors create performances using movement, vocal rhythm, music, dance and play to explain concepts like sharing, caring and empathy to the children. We explore concepts that are universal and aim at enriching a childs social intelligence, says Kapadia.The shows are usually followed by workshops and interactive play sessions to equip the young and their parents to apply these techniques in everyday learning, adds Kapadia. Teachers and parents are asked to use play session as a fair ground to observe the children and their reactions. Their education specialists also visit schools to deliver special sessions and documents and discuss reaction and response techniques. These activities along with parental awareness and support are used to reinforce the concepts on an ongoing basis.In India, their show From Here to There will be held between February 11 and March 4 across various locations in Mumbai, including Prithvi House, Podar International School, Nehru Planetarium, Windchimes and at Cama Hall.For registrations and other details, visit www.londontalents.comCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787077", "title": "Private schools may get 100% reimbursement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City private schools saw a ray of hope for getting 100% reimbursement for books and uniform of children studying in EWS category under RTE as the department has assured to recommend the same to senior officials. This was agreed in a meeting conducted on Monday between Independent Schools Association (ISA) and UT education department. Some of the main points discussed in the meeting was reimbursement amount for uniform, books, transport and mid day meal.President of Independent Schools' Association, H S Mamik said, \"For the first time we have got a positive response from the education department. They said the charges as applicable will be reimbursed and have assured that they will recommend this to their superiors. If this is agreed upon then the government will be paying us for uniform and books.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787180", "title": "Maintenance petition filed against Prabhu Deva's father", "text": "CHENNAI: A case for maintenance is likely to be filed in the family court against Mugur Sundar, popularly known as 'Dance Master Sundar' by Tara, a choreographer who worked with him.Sundar is the father of actor-turned-director Prabhu Deva and Raju Sundaram and Nagendra Prasad, who are also choreographers and actors.Tara, in her petition, sought monthly maintenance on the basis that she had a relationship with Sundar and that he had been taking care of her as well as her son.Suddenly, however, he stopped doing so and did not come home. Claiming that her son did not have a secure lifestyle since he did not earn a salary yet, Tara said her family was struggling to stay afloat. Her plea for maintenance was referred for counselling.Though several notices had been sent to Sundar for appearance, he did not respond to any of them, she said. Finally, Tara was advised by the counsellor to take the case to the family court so that the matter could be resolved.Hailing from Mugur village in Mysore district of Karnataka, Sundar is a famous choreographer in the south Indian film industry.While he has judged several dance shows on television, Sundar also directed a Kannada film a few years ago with his son Nagendra Prasad playing the lead role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785411", "title": "Central funds to state are project-specific: Mitra", "text": "KOLKATA: State finance minister Amit Mitra on Monday dismissed Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi's assertion that the Centre had allotted Rs 7,800 to the state, saying the money was meant for backward regions, and not a budgetary allocation for the state in general.\"The fund doesn't come automatically. The state government has to submit projects to the Planning Commission, which examines them and sends the detailed project reports to the finance ministry for consideration. The money comes against projects only after the finance ministry okays them. We have submitted more project reports than required for 11 backward districts, keeping in mind that the finance ministry might turn down some of them,\" the finance minister said.Bengal, he added, was not the only state to have been allocated such a grant. \"We have been allotted Rs 8,720 crore as Backward Regions Grant Fund. Bihar received exactly the same amount in 2005-2006 when the fund was created,\" Mitra said.On Sunday, Singhvi had dropped a bombshell in reaction to the Trinamool clamour that the Centre has not done justice to Bengal. \"In such a short span of time, Rs 7,800 crore has been allocated to the state. If there are any shortfalls, those can certainly be discussed. But it would be wrong to say that the Centre is not extending support or allocating resources,\" he said.Mitra took the opportunity to repeat a demand that Mamata Banerjee has been trying to get across to the Prime Minister and the Union finance minister - an interest deferment for five months will help the state save Rs 9,000 crore, equal to the amount that the Centre has promised to Mamata as grant-in-aid (Rs 9,240 crore). Mamata wants the Centre to grant some relief to her cash-strapped administration by way of moratorium on the accumulated debt for which she is not to blame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785310", "title": "MNS fields 63 candidates for civic polls", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Navnirman's Nagpur unit has fielded 63 candidates for the ensuing Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections scheduled to be held on February 16. Of them two are MBBS doctors, two advocates, two management professionals and a candidate with master's degree in social works ( MSW), said MNS divisional organizer (East Vidarbha) Hemant Gadkari.Sharing Raj Thackeray's opinion about eligibility criteria of candidates for the civic polls, he said for decades we have suffered illiterate people and even those with criminal past ruling politics and thus giving a bad name to government including local civic bodies.MNS has already created a history by conducting entrance examinations for candidates interested to contest the civic polls. As many as 113 candidates had appeared for the entrance examination held at South Point School on December 4 for 145 wards, said Gadkari.However, only 63 candidates fared well and they were given the party's B-forms, said Gadkari. Of them, 23 were women candidates. In fact, these candidates have better knowledge about local civic bodies including rules and regulations of NMC and essentials of CNC Act, structure of NMC administration, hierarchy, departments, functioning of standing and other committees and how many zones and their areas of operation.Though many professionals had approached the party for tickets, only genuine, who are sincere candidates were given preference.\"MNS believes that candidates representing it in the civic bodies should have basic knowledge of what they are expected to do if they get elected. If good candidates, serious about public work are attracted it will do a world of good,\" explained Gadkari.Dr Shirish Kolhe, an MBBS doctor, has been given the party's B-form to contest from Prabhag number 51 of Jail Ward. Similarly, another physician Dr Sudhir Aghao is contesting from Prabhag number 27 (Gandhi Sagar).He also pointed out that the party wanted to create a base in NMC so it had not fielded candidates from 145 seats of 72 prabhags. At present, MNS has two elected corporators Vikas Khobragade and Moreshwar Dhote. Of the duo, Dhote had already left the party and is contesting as an independent candidate. About contesting the election without any alliance, Gadkari pointed out that both BJP-Shiv Sena and Congress-Nationalist Congress Party had miserably failed to provide better civic amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786611", "title": "Fake admission at Ramjas again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh instances of fake admission have come to the notice of cops probing the racket in Ramjas College. The college approached Delhi Police once again with a few more such complaints, resulting in the lodging of an FIR at the Maurice Nagar police station three days ago.The admission was detected in B.Com (pass course) first year of the 2011-2012 session and the student in question is a west Delhi resident, who submitted a forged Class XII marksheet. The college has already cancelled the admission of the student, while cops are interrogating the student to find out who did the faking job for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "tondagi (east godavari)", "code": "11786414", "title": "Police, villagers clash over SEZ", "text": "TONDAGI (EAST GODAVARI): Tension prevailed in Tondagi mandal and surrounding mandals of East Godavari after police arrested two activists championing an anti-Kakinada SEZ agitation in the wee hours of Monday. In retaliation to the police action, the villagers of the mandal cornered two police vehicles and more than 20 police personnel when cops entered Vakadaripet village in the morning. The agitators deflated the vehicles, while the women attacked the local SI.The incident took place when the police in plain clothes chased a private school teacher Peketi Ramana of Vakadaripet village in the early hours to arrest him. The villagers suspected them to be goons of KSEZ management and took them into their custody. Before this, another activist Chandaka Suribabu, a tailor, was arrested in Patachodipalli village while he was sleeping in his house.After learning that their men were taken into custody, the SI of Vaddimamida along with 10 cops entered the Vakadaripet village. Eventually, they too were taken into custody by the angry villagers, that created a tense atmosphere in the mandal. Additional forces including Rapid Action Force from Kakinada, Tuni and Annavaram reached Vakadaripet later, with a DSP rank officer and four circle inspectors. The farmers raised their voice against the illegal arrests of their men and demanded the cops to hand over their men first in return of the police personnel.Police later, appeased the villagers and gave an assurance of releasing Suribabu by the evening. The cops also promised to arrange a meeting with the collector and SP in a couple of days to sort out the problems. With this, the villagers released the police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi / gurgaon", "code": "11786429", "title": "Hooda ask Centre to fund urban infra projects", "text": "NEW DELHI / GURGAON: Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has said the state plans to develop towns like Gurgaon and Faridabad on par with Delhi under its sub-regional plan of NCR. Speaking at the second meeting of the sub-committee of National Development Council (NDC) on urbanization, Hooda said the draft report proposes strategies for balanced development of the NCR to enable economic development of the NCR towns on par with Delhi.He said that in the formulation of model municipal law, devolution of powers, responsibilities and functions to the local governments and communities should be left to state governments, as the local issues of every urban local body are different.The CM stressed on the need to constitute an Urban Transport Management Authority for NCR to ensure an integrated transport planning. He said for faster and modern urban transport facilities, including metros and Regional Rapid Transit Systems (RRTS) in the NCR are being actively considered.The two priority corridors of RRTS - Delhi-Sonipat-Panipat and Delhi-Gurgaon- Alwar are capital intensive, he said, while asking union urban development ministry to fund the project as the state was unable to do so. For connecting IGI Airport New Delhi to IFFCO Chowk, Gurgaon via Dwarka, a scheme of high speed Metro Rail connectivity has been prepared with the help of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785744", "title": "Pranab praise for CM in hard times", "text": "KOLKATA: Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was praising chief minister Mamata Banerjee at a FImeet on Monday, while her lieutenant, state finance minister Amit Mitra, was busy refuting Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi's claims on the Centre's fund support to the Mamata Banerjee government.While talking on inflationary pressures, Mukherjee lauded Mamata Banerjee for her initiative to ease out the supply constraints in the public distribution system to help tame inflation. He underlined the role of states along with the Centre to keep inflation in check.Urging the states to play a 'constructive and positive role' at the India Corporate and Investor Meet, organised by the FICCI, Mukherjee said: \"The essential part of our inflationary pressure is due to supply constraints. And I do believe that state governments have a very constructive and positive role to play on this front, which some of the states like West Bengal have played.\"Mukherjee mentioned Mamata Banerjee in glowing terms. \"The chief minister (Mamata Banerjee) personally intervened. As a result the supply constraints (public distribution system) have been removed to some extent and the supply increased,\" he said.Taking the cue, Union corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily told the gathering that the Centre was coming up with a competition policy in a bid to create an enabling environment to combat inflation where states have a role to play.The finance minister's note of appreciation for the Bengal chief minister has ramification beyond the financial front. It suggests that the Congress high command does not want to burn bridges with Mamata Banerjee though some Congress leaders in the state and also in Delhi are miffed with Mamata's throwing a spanner on some key move by the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre.The Congress high command doesn't want to do away with Mamata irrespective of the outcome in the upcoming UP elections.It's true that the Congress did not like the way Trinamool Congress fielded candidates against the Congress in Uttar Pradesh and Manipur, or the manner Mamata stalled the entry of multi-brand retail and the Jan Lokpal Bill , the Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee also has a genuine grouse against the Congress when her government in Bengal is being denied the financial sops it is entitled under the Debt Consolidation Relief Fund, as applicable to other states. Aware of Mamata's angst, Pranab Mukherjee on Monday tried to assuage Mamata's feelings by acknowledging her initiative even if he is unable to meet her demands at the moment.The Union finance minister announced that he has made special provisions for the second green revolution for pulse producing districts in the East and the Northeast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11785993", "title": "Centre puts Dadri project on hold for flouting green norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another embarrassment for the poll-bound BSP government in Uttar Pradesh, the Union environment ministry has put Ansal's 2,400-acre housing project, Hi-Tech Township City, at Dadri on hold for `illegally' reclaiming a wetland in the plot.The ministry has sent a show-cause notice to the project developers under the Environment Protection Act, asking them to explain why legal action should not be taken for violating the clearance norms and the project should not be scrapped. The developers have been given 15 days to respond to the notice, and till then the project would remain suspended. While, the Central government has to demarcate the wetland area falling in the project site.The project abutting Greater Noida area and along the Eastern Periphery Expressway is located at the termination point of the proposed Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Boraki and comes under Bulandshahr Khurja Development and Sikandrabad Development Authority.The project was cleared by UP's environmental clearance authority. But questions were raised about the clearance by state forest officials. Then, the Union environment ministry sent a team to inspect the site. The team recorded that the project area was swampy, a natural habitat to several bird species and also included a wetland of six-eight hectares, of which two hectares were village land.The team found that some of the wetlands had been reclaimed by the company after being purchased from the locals.The ministry noted that this was in violation of the norms, while giving the environmental clearance which noted that \"no wetland should be infringed during construction and operation phases. Any wetland coming in the project should be suitably rejuvenated and conserved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11785087", "title": "Jayanthi Natarajan to reject projects flouting Forest Rights Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan on Monday said, \"I shall reject any project recommended for clearing without adhering to the Forest Rights Act (FRA) and the ministry's order.\" She was reacting to a TOI story on the Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) violating the ministry's directive while clearing projects.The August 2009 directive by the Union environment and forests ministry requires the panel to ensure that affected gram sabhas pass resolutions affirming that the implementation of the FRA is complete in the area, and that all rights have been recognized. They are also required to get consent to the rehabilitation plans and the diversion.Minutes of past meetings show that the directive has largely been ignored by the FAC, which includes some of the senior-most forest officials on board along with three non-official experts. In reply to an RTI application, the ministry had admitted that it did not maintain records of the resolutions on the cases that the FAC cleared.FAC members are required to confirm the existence of such resolutions from the village ahead of giving a clearance, but sources said very often the projects have been cleared on the basis of assurances from the state government and only on rare occasions have the resolutions been shared in the meeting.Sources in the ministry said that the forest bureaucracy had made a second attempt to get the political stamp for withdrawing the August 2009 order, but Natarajan outright rejected the proposal reaffirming UPA's commitment to the Act. Earlier, the foresters had tried to get the order withdrawn when Jairam Ramesh was the environment minister. He too had refused to do so.The forest bureaucracy is to meet Natarajan again this week to present their case on FRA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785784", "title": "Dhavalikar bros, Velip, Mamledar in poll fray", "text": "PANAJI: A day after announcing its alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar on Monday announced the party's first list of four candidates to contest the March 3 assembly election.Dhavalikar said, \"I will contest from Priol, Sudin will contest from Marcaim, Lavu Mamledar will challenge home minister Ravi Naik in Ponda and chief minister Digambar Kamat's former special assistant Prakash Arjun Velip will contest from Quepem.\"Expressing confidence over winning all the four seats, the MGP president said, \"Candidates to contest from Dabolim, Nuvem, Benaulim and Tivim will be announced on Wednesday.\" MGP will contest eight seats at the polls, while alliance partner BJP will contest 31 seats. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785721", "title": "Civic polls: Police register 84 cases against political workers", "text": "PUNE: The city police have registered 84 cases against political workers in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad during the run up to the civic polls. The cases relate to violation of election code of conduct, rioting and dacoity. Meanwhile, the crime branch took preventive action against 275 criminals on police records and slapped notices on them under section 149 of the CrPC. The crime branch is also conducting combing operations in sensitive areas of the city.The police said that 73 of the 84 cases registered by them were for violation of code of conduct - 34 cases in Pune and 39 in Pimpri-Chinchwad. On Sunday, the Vishrantwadi police booked a former corporator for allegedly holding a rally without taking prior permission. The incident took place at Dhanori around 11 am. Around 25 four-wheelers participated in the rally.In another case of violation of code of conduct registered at the Khadak police station on Sunday, the police have arrested two workers of a political party for allegedly burning the effigy of another political party. A senior official from the special branch said that the police are keeping an eye on violation of code of conduct by candidates.The official said that five cases of cognizable offences have been registered in Pune and six in Pimpri-Chinchwad. On Saturday, the Pimpri police registered four cases, including rioting and dacoity, following a scuffle between two candidates. \"We have also registered 23 non-cognizable offences in Pune and 15 in Pimpri-Chinchwad,\" the official added.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode told TOI: \"Our two units of anti-organized crime cell have been asked to take action against criminals on police records. The police have also conducted seven-eight combing operations in the city. We will be conducting more such operations in sensitive areas. All units of the crime branch and the police stations also have been asked to conduct round-the-clock patrolling in their jurisdiction.\" Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav said that the crime branch is also keeping an eye on people having previous criminal records, especially body offences.\"We have prepared a list of such criminals. The police are also looking for absconding suspects in body offence cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11787284", "title": "Tibetans bid to resume dialogue with China", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Dalai Lama might have given up his political responsibility to other Tibetan leaders in exile, but he still retains the moral authority for resolving the Tibet-China issue. For the newly elected leadership also, Dalai Lama is considered as the last word for solving the long-standing dispute between Tibetans and the Chinese government.Talking to TOI on Saturday after a press conference, Dicki Chhoyang, minister for information and international relations, said that they are trying to resume talks between the representatives of Dalai Lama and Chinese government.\"The Central Tibetan Administration is doing everything in its power, but Dalai Lama still retains the moral authority. We are trying to resume dialogue with China through the envoys of His Holiness, which only can find a solution to the Tibetan issue,\" said Chhoyang.Sources here told TOI that a four-member delegation of the Tibetan parliament had gone to New Delhi to hold meetings in various embassies there. In a letter to the United Nation's embassy, the Chinese embassy had termed these Tibetan parliamentarians as the \"Dalai clique,\" they said.In the letter, a copy of which is with TOI, the Chinese embassy has termed the so-called peaceful demonstrations as premeditated attacks, during which mobs stormed police stations and shops. Reacting to this, Chhoyang said this is not a new thing for them and that this was the part of their freedom struggle.\"Whosoever issues a statement in favour of Tibetans in exile, Chinese government writes to them to refrain themselves from the matter. This has become a routine for us,\" she said.\"We are always optimistic that Chinese leadership will evaluate the reason behind the ongoing cases of self immolations. Dalai Lama for Tibet is like Mahatma Gandhi for India and we still rely on his non-voilent ways of protest,\" said Chhoyang.Meanwhile, at a press conference here, CTA released \"disturbing\" videos clippings and pictures about the self-immolations going on inside Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786935", "title": "Robert Vadra statement internal matter of Gandhis: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Monday took a dig at the Congress's first family, saying Robert Vadra's comment about joining politics was their internal family matter and hence the party would not like to comment on it.Priyanka Gandhi's husband Robert Vadra told reporters in Uttar Pradesh on Monday that he could join politics if people wanted it. This led to intense speculation about why the remark was made even as it was a reply to a straight question from reporters.\"Rahul Gandhi is not all that old that he would have to retire from politics soon and his sister Priyanka could succeed him. The question of Robert Vadra coming into politics even after Priyanka therefore does not arise. Hence this (Vadra's comment) is like an internal family matter and BJP does not have anything to say on it,\" party spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.Stung by Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's criticism of the party's senior leaders L K Advani and Narendra Modi on the issue of corruption, BJP hit back saying he (Rahul) could not see corruption at the Centre and had accepted defeat in Uttar Pradesh before the polls.\"Neither BJP nor corruption in Congress governments are visible to Rahul Gandhi. Those who are involved only with themselves and their family cannot see others. Rahul Gandhi always says 'I' will change this, 'my' party, 'my' family. He is busy praising himself,\" Hussain said.Earlier, at a press interaction in Varanasi, Rahul had hit out at BJP on the issue of corruption and the Lokpal bill. The Congress leader said there was corruption in BJP governments in Karnataka, Uttarakhand, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Punjab while Advani was taking out yatras across states.In reply to a question, Rahul said when he proposed that the Lokpal be given constitutional status, the opposition laughed at it. He attacked Gujarat CM Narendra Modi too, saying he had not allowed a Lokayukta to be appointed in his state.Taking on Rahul, Hussain said, \"Rahul has accepted that his party is fighting the polls to make Congress stand on its feet. In Delhi, the Congress government stands on the feet of BSP and SP. Monday's statement by Rahul belies all earlier claims by Congress that it has been revived since the 2009 general elections. Congress is still on its crutches in UP.\"While BJP slammed Rahul for taking on Advani, saying the veteran's experience in politics was for longer than Rahul's age, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi defended his party general secretary by saying, \"Since when has mere age been an indication of wisdom and of saying the correct things or doing the right things? BJP's reaction is based on subjectivity.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785557", "title": "Local body polls today in Gadchiroli under tight security", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 7,000 security personnel will keep guard during the first phase of elections to the zilla parishad and panchayat samitis in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district on Tuesday. Polling will take place at 644 booths in seven talukas of the northern part of the tribal district. The second phase of the election will be on February 12.Elections in Korchi have been rescheduled due to all contestants withdrawing nominations after threats from Naxal elements.The fate of candidates in 33 ZP and 66 PS seats will be decided on Tuesday even as the Naxal opposition has affected the election mood in the district. District administration and police have declared 246 booths as sensitive and 146 as hypersensitive due to the Naxal threat. Around 9,500 personnel have been deployed for polling duty. The voting will start at 7.30am and end at 3pm.Sources in the district informed that Naxals have been vigorously trying to reach out to the population and distributing anti-election pamphlets. It is also learnt that the rebels have been addressing villagers in various parts of the district, dissuading the population from voting or supporting any political candidates in the fray.Gadchiroli superintendent of police S Vireesh Prabhu said around 62 units of paramilitary forces have been pressed into action. \"Necessary arrangements for conducting the elections safely have been made, including safe transportation of polling machinery and men,\" said Prabhu.Some of the security forces have also been engaged in combing operations in parts of the district as part of the preparations. \"Services of two choppers have been requisitioned to transport poll agents and electronic voting machines to and from certain sensitive pockets,\" said Prabhu.He added that election in Korchi has been stalled temporarily, but polling would be held there later. \"The election could not take place in Korchi due to strong public mobilization in that part,\" he claimed.It is learnt that five candidates who filed nominations for two seats of ZP and four PS in Korchi had withdrawn their nominations. The administration is claiming that the polling has been boycotted by local tribal population in the taluka to protest leasing of mining belt in the region and apathy of elected representatives. However, Naxal threat is said to be the real reason behind the withdrawal of nominations.Sources from the security agencies indicated that certain pockets, like Kurkheda, Pendri, Dhanora, Mulchera and such regions, could pose a challenge to security agencies on polling day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "janakpuri", "code": "11786820", "title": "Celebrating Urdu poetry with a book", "text": "JANAKPURI: Mohan Lal Verma, an ex serviceman, is 78 years old but he simply refuses to be deterred by his age and remains young at heart. He enjoys every day of his life with the same enthusiasm as any young man would and now a days is working on the compilation of his first poetry book, which he says would be a rich collection of comedy and parody.\"Writing a book was always my dream and now I have made up my mind to give shape to it. My book will have some 60 pages and over 100 Urdu and Punjabi poems written in Devnagri script. This is going to be my lifetime collection and I am very excited about it. Right now, I am busy finalizing the name of my book and everyone in the family is suggesting names,\" says Verma.He doesn't mince words in saying that the poetry compiled by him is mostly in the form of parody and there are only a few poems that have been written by him. He likes comedy and keeps reciting these poems to his friends and family, leaving all of them in fits of laughter.\"Papa also loves singing and has a 'dafli' (Punjabi musical instrument) that he plays when he sings Punjabi or old Hindi songs for his friends. He does not miss any opportunity of exhibiting his talent and there is hardly any function or religious ceremony in his locality that goes without his participation. People here really love him and he is always surrounded by these fans of his,\" says his son Shyam Kumar Verma, who is a businessman.He adds that his father also gives ayurvedic medicines to the people. Not only this, even at such a ripe age he exercises daily and takes bath only after having done a thorough oil massage. He is absolutely fit and gives complex to people who are younger to him. Verma has a house in Solan as well and in summers, goes there and enjoys his time in the hills or \"Dev Bhoomi\" as he calls it. \"I only have one dream and that is of dying young, as I do not want to die an old buffer,\" signs off Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11787428", "title": "Hospital employees stage protest", "text": "HUBLI: Employees of the Hubli Co-operative Hospital began an indefinite protest against the hospital management, demanding fulfillment of their long pending demands, here on Monday.Speaking to reporters, Ganesh Hirapuri, secretary of the union said the hospital employees have demands relating to their salary and facilities at work place, but the hospital management has been ignoring their demands for many years. \"We have submitted memorandums to ministers V S Acharya, Jagadish Shettar and to the chief minister's office several times in the last three years. But no one has responded to our demands. Hence we have decided to go on an indefinite strike,\" he said.\"We are not getting proper salary and the management has been deducting some amount from our salary for insurance and ESI, but it is not being credited to our account,\" he said. \"For the past five years we have not got uniforms or basic facilities to work in the hospital. Retired employees are not getting gratuity funds. The management is planning to sell the hospital to private persons,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11786742", "title": "Flight to finish: Pigeons take wing in race for honour", "text": "Fanciers assemble on rooftops near Jama Masjid as their birds take to the sky. The pigeon race has survived the ravages of time and is still a prestigious event in Delhi 6Delhi, they say, has lived on through the centuries as its djinns and pigeons have never abandoned it. And in the labyrinthine lanes of Old Delhi, the tradition of pigeon racing has survived, thanks to the many families that are still holding on to the legacy left behind by the imperial Mughals.But this race is not only about passion, it's also about honour. The winning team only gets paan or a garland, but the loser runs the risk of losing face in the biradiri (community). That's why only experienced hands - the ustaads, the khalifas and their shagirds - are allowed to handle the birds. They hand-rear the birds and pamper them like children. The best of almonds, pistachios and cashew nuts are brought from Lahore ( Pakistan ); expensive gold anklets and trinkets are custom-made for the birds. This, they believe, prepares a bird for the training, which is anyhow a perfectionist art that requires months of painstaking effort.The objective of the race is to make the pigeons fly the farthest against the wind and bring them back to the terrace through the same route. \"It is very difficult for the pigeon to fly against the wind, which is why it is fed the special diet,\" says Ustaad Chhammo.Before the race starts, the trainers enter the pigeon cages and release 151 birds into a netted area. The rules of the game are simple: each team gets half an hour during which they can make their flock fly as many rounds till a 'perfect flight' is achieved. \"The U-turn needs to be sharp and almost along the same route the flock takes. If the curvature of the turn is more, the round will be termed cancelled. The round is also disqualified if more than five pigeons diverge from the main flock,\" says another referee, adding that the 'best of three' rule is followed in awarding the final points.\"A team gets its name from its ustaad,\" says Mohammad Zahid, who has been rearing pigeons for the last seven years. The competing teams on Monday were Ustaad Chhammo, trained by Mohammed Hilal, and Ustaad Suleimaan, trained by Shamsuddin Zia.\"According to tradition, a pigeon trainer is not eligible for the contest unless he gets the shagirdi (tutelage) of a khalifa or an ustaad,\" says Zahid.But is there any other objective behind this unique race? \"It's the passion that drives us all. There is no big prize money, but it's a question of prestige,\" says Irfan Mir. He was one of the referees of the Monday's race, which ended with the winner throwing a daawat, a special feast.Hierarchy Is Sacrosanct16 referees (8 from each team) judge event. Four referees, two from each team, station on four roofs spread along an approximately 4-km stretchRacing zone between Jama Masjid area and Azad Market (near Tis Hazari Courts)Approx 500 people in Old Delhi rear &amp; train pigeons for this sport under tutelage of 50 ustadsKhalifasare next in hierarchy and train shagirds (students)Each ustad has five-six khalifas under him and dozens of shagirdsUstad nominates a khalifa to replace him after deathPigeons trained when they are 2 1/2 years of ageSport also played in areas like Okhla, Shahdara, Karol Bagh and Seelampur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11784886", "title": "Whatever it takes", "text": "AMRAVATI: Candidates are willing to fork out any amount of money to win the AMC polls. Though state election commission rules say every candidate can spend up to Rs3 lakh only, some candidates are spending more than Rs25-30 lakh, sources said.The campaigning which began even before the election dates were declared got into full swing with just 13 days left for the polls. Candidates confident of getting party tickets began campaigning through social gatherings like Ganesh festival. Candidates had started splurging money on various traditional campaigning tools like erecting banners, posters, and hoardings even before announcement of date of election, said sources.Usually candidates who are contesting from slum areas need to shell out more money. Cost of even traditional campaigning has soared this time. For recording an audio cassette one needs to spend around Rs3,000. Also, to gather maximum people for door-to-door campaigning candidates have to pay their supporters for food, drinks and petrol, said sources.Talking to TOI, district chief of Bharatiya Janata Party Dr Pradip Shingore said not just candidates but even parties splurge hefty amounts on elections. Some parties started wooing voters by providing food and alcohol, especially to slum dwellers, he said.However, he said, \"BJP does not endorse such a tactics. Limit of Rs 3 lakh expenses decided by election commission is sufficient if anyone wants to contest elections in a fair way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11785103", "title": "Ten years on, Babu Bajrangi loses his bravado", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Qutbuddin Ansari and Babu Bajrangi represent diametrically opposite ends of the ideological spectrum. Qutbuddin is the face of riot victims and Bajrangi is accused in two of the worst massacres in the 2002 post-Godhra riots in Naroda Patia and Naroda Gam.As many as 106 people were killed on February 28 ten years ago. There is, however, one similarity - they both hate to be photographed.When TOI recently approached him for an interview, he said, \"I will not utter a single word. I am a harassed man and don't want to be harassed any more.\" But he was not always this camera-shy. He was known to be loud and make flamboyant statements until he was caught on camera in a sting operation, boasting about how he felt like a king after the bloodshed. He was jailed briefly after the riots, but was granted bail.Later, he found another \"mission\" in life - \"rescuing\" Hindu girls who wanted to marry Muslim boys. Besides his routine business as a real estate broker, this mission of protecting \"Hindu honour\" bloomed with the police officials turning a blind eye towards his activities. It was the Supreme Court that finally int erve ned and slapped a show-cause notice on the state government over a complaint of harassment and abduction of women.Meanwhile, the Bajrang Dal disowned him, and Bajrangi found a refuge in Shiv Sena for a short time in 2007. A year later, the apex court set up special investigation team (SIT) to probe the 2002 riots and Bajrangi disappeared from the spotlight.As hearings started in the Naroda Patia and Naroda Gam cases, Bajrangi limited his activities to acting as a mediator in business disputes. He preferred to remain in hibernation because, of all the people accused in the 2002 riots, SIT wanted only one man's bail cancelled - his.Bajrangi now has a tight schedule. After an hour of 'shirshasan' and prayers to Bajrang Bali, he prepares for court proceedings, where his day ends. This routine has lasted for more than two and a half years now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784459", "title": "Rushdie controversy: Yet another court initiates legal action", "text": "JAIPUR: Another court in Jaipur initiated proceedings on Monday on a complaint against the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) organisers and the four authors who allegedly read from Salman Rushdie's banned book 'The Satanic Verses'.Additional chief judicial magistrate (ACJM) Pawan Kumar Singhal, too, has decided to investigate the allegations on an ishtgaasa (complaint in court) filed by Daulat Khan, vice-president of the BJP minority cell's Bani Park Circle. Khan has been summoned to get his statements recorded in ACJM courtroom No. 3 under CrPC Section 200 on Tuesday.On Saturday, the court of ACJM Rajendra Saini had initiated same proceedings on another complaint filed against the JLF organisers and the four authors by a Jaipur resident Mohammad Naeem. The statements of Naeem were recorded in ACJM court number 10 on Monday.These two complaints, as well as half-a-dozen other, were filed against the literature event organisers Sanjoy Roy, Namita Gokhale, William Dalrymple and the four authors Hari Kunzru, Amitava Kumar , Jeet Thayil and Ruchir Joshi on January 23, three days after extracts reportedly based on the banned book were read during different sessions at the JLF 2012.The complainants alleged that the organisers and the four authors deliberately hurt the religious sentiments of the Muslims, as they knew that the community was opposed to Rushdie's participation in any form at the five-day event held here from January 20 to 24. \"Rushdie has made derogatory remarks against Islam and the prophet in the book that was banned by the Indian government in 1988. Still readings were done from it before the public and this shows the accused had deliberate intentions to wound the religious feelings of a community,\" advocate Mohammad Akbar, counsel for both Naeem and Khan, alleged before the court on Monday.The two lower courts would examine statements of the complainants and other people related to the event before deciding whether or not to take cognizance of the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11785827", "title": "Award for giving info on rebels", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Police have declared awards for persons who give information on five top red rebels, operating in Gajapati district. The informer's name will be kept a secret.The photographs of the five were pasted at public places in Paralakhemundi on Sunday. The Maoists are Andriya Majhi alias Mahesh of Baliganda village, Pramod Majhi alias Sagar of Jadingi village, Prami Majhi alias Sabita of Arenapeta village, Krishan and Aruna. All work for the Vansadhara division of CPI (Maoist) and indulged in Maoist-related violence in Gajapati, Kandhamal and Rayagada districts, police said. \"We have collected the photographs of these Red rebels and circulated those\" a senior police officer said. Police have also appealed to the Left-wing ultras to surrender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11785869", "title": "Pre-paid auto service at Thrissur rly station from Feb 9", "text": "THRISSUR: Pre-paid autorickshaw service will be introduced at the Thrissur railway station from February 9, said reliable sources at the police commissioner's office.Assistant commissioner of police TK Thomas, who has been working on this project for the last six months, said the final round of preparations, including fixing of fares from the station to various points in the city, was nearing completion. \"We will make a public announcement on this by Tuesday,\" he said.It was at a meeting on January 27 that various transport employees unions decided to implement the system at the station from this month. City police, railway authorities and passengers' representatives were also present at the meeting. For each trip, a service charge of Re 1 will be collected from passengers. From this, 50 paise each will go to the city police and the Railways. Around 1,200 passengers are expected to use this service daily.\"Now all autorickshaws with city permit can take passengers from the railway station. Earlier, there was a permit system in place and only those rickshaws with a Rs 700 permit were allowed to do this. This system will be scrapped once the pre-paid system is implemented. Two policemen will be deployed at the pre-paid auto counter to assist passengers,\" said the source.The pre-paid system is a long-pending demand of Thrissur railway passengers. Since buses do not enter station premises, passengers have to depend solely on autorickshaws\"The best thing about the system is that I wouldn't have to face the 'interview' by the driver before he agrees to a trip. Most autos refuse to come if it is a short trip. Once pre-paid system is in place, passengers will be assured of service to any corner of the city round the clock,\" said Mariam Thomson, an employee with a chit company.Police sources said a final picture on the areas the service would cover would emerge only by Tuesday. \"First, it was decided to cover the old municipality areas. However, passengers demanded the service in the entire corporation area, but drivers wouldn't agree to that. Finally, it was decided to cover most of the corporation areas under the service. But a final decision would be taken only by Tuesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787214", "title": "Attack on scribe: Action against poll staff, cops recommended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A fact finding team, inquiring into the attack on a pregnant journalist in Nabha by an agent of Congress candidate on January 30, has sought action against polling staff, police on duty and political activists, for \"terrorizing\" voters, who wanted to exercise their right to reject.\"Poll staff and police in fact provoked political activists to terrorise voters who wanted to register their rejection vote,\" a complaint to the chief electoral officer (CEO) of Punjab, Kusumjit Sidhu, by the fact finding team has revealed.The pregnant reporter, Harvinder Kaur of a Punjabi daily, who reported the matter of Congress leaders terrorizing voters, is still hospitalized.The committee has observed that polling at booth number 137 be countermanded as miscreants turned away voters who wanted to exercise their right to reject.The fact finding committee was constituted under the chairmanship of Dr Pyara Lal Garg, former registrar of Baba Farid University of Health Sciences, Faridkot.As per information, 358 voters exercised their right to reject under 49-O but data of booths provided by the SHO, Nabha showed that only 54 voters used the right to reject.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11785898", "title": "'BJP should state its stand on MoI'", "text": "MARGAO: The Forum for the Rights of Children's Education (FORCE) has urged all political parties and independent candidates contesting the March polls to make their stand clear on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue.Addressing reporters on Monday, FORCE treasurer Sinthia da Costa Fernandes said, \"Parents in Goa would like to know from the BJP whether it respects the choice given to parents to choose English along with Konkani and Marathi as the medium of instruction at the primary level. We want the party to give us a straightforward yes or no.\" She said this demand is in view of the Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM) openly asking the public to support the BJP.\"It is therefore important that the BJP state in their manifesto whether they will revert the cabinet decision if they come to power,\" said Fernandes. The state cabinet approved the extension of funds to English medium primary schools in May 2011.Responding to queries, Savio Lopes, FORCE secretary, alleged that in recent weeks, BJP leaders such as Vishnu Wagh, a member of BBSM, had refrained from commenting on the MoI issue or reacting to BBSM proclamations.He alleged that opposition leader Manohar Parrikar too had been making statements that the party will please both sections of people and protect the culture.Referring to the recent BBSM public meeting, Lopes said that even if a thousand parents attended the meeting they were not enough to make a decision on behalf of over two lakh parents in the state.\"BBSM is opposing English as they are totally supporting private English school managements to make money on education,\" alleged Lopes, adding that BBSM was looking after the commercial interests of such schools.He accused P R Nadkarni, who has filed the writ petition challenging the education department's MoI circular, of indulging in double standards as Nadkarni is on the governing committee of Bhatikar Model (English Medium) School. \"We would like Nadkarni to explain to the people of Goa how children studying at Bhatikar English medium school are protect the culture and mother tongue of our state,\" said Lopes. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11787464", "title": "3 held for distributing derogatory pamphlets", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City police arrested three persons on charges of distributing defamatory pamphlets against Christian clergy on the premises of Holy Cross Church, Kulshekar, on Sunday. Acting on a complaint from parish priest Rev Valerian Pinto, police arrested Issaq, who was distributing the pamphlets, Divyaraj, whose auto was used to store and distribute the pamphlets from and Donald D'Cunha, the main accused.Keshava, the church watchman, initially handed over Issaq and Divyaraj to Rev Valerian Pinto.On questioning they admitted they were acting on the behest of Donald, who had given them Rs 300 each to distribute the pamphlets. All the three have been charged under Sections 295(A), 153(A), 504, 506, 500, and 501 read with Section 34 of Indian Penal Code. SH Bhajanthri, PSI, Mangalore East PS will be investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785219", "title": "YCMOU offers free education to Amge", "text": "NAGPUR: Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) has announced that it will sponsor the education of the world's smallest girl/woman Jyoti Amge. The city-based Guinness record holder has been away from school due to her media engagements across the country and world over the last few months.YCMOU director for Nagpur division Subhash Belsare said on Monday that they came to know that Amge was missing classes due to her media engagements across the world. So, YCMOU has decided to enrol her in the preparatory exam course for SSC/HSC failed students who want to pursue graduation but can't do so due to various factors. The university will later sponsor her higher education also.\"Some 2,394 students from Nagpur district alone have registered for the course as yet. As many as 35 prisoners from Nagpur Central Jail are also among them. Housemaids, newspaper vendors and other poor citizens are also students,\" said Belsare, who was former registrar of Nagpur University.He added that admissions for pursuing this six-month preparatory course were open till February 15 and with late fee till February 29. \"We have reduced the fees to Rs 300 from Rs 600 to encourage more students. After completing it, a candidate can study any graduation course offered by YCMOU.\"Belsare added that all degrees awarded by YCMOU, a Maharashtra government enterprise, were recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC), Association of Indian Universities (AIU) and other universities. \"The candidate can pursue higher degree anywhere after finishing his/her graduation from here. Only one book is needed to clear the course, and it would be provided by the university. We have set a target of 6,000 students next year for this course and already published 7,000 books for them,\" he said. Belsare said they have also set up 140 centres in Nagpur district, with 56 in remote and rural areas.Explaining the other YCMOU courses, Belsare said they have recently launched BA (transport) course for taxi, auto and bus drivers who cannot pursue higher education. \"After undergoing preparatory course in case they are class XII failure, they can pursue BA (transport). YCMOU has so far educated 3.75 lakh youths in the state in its short journey,\" he said, adding that the state had issued a GR on May 20 last year providing equivalence to YCMOU's BA and BCom degrees.An elated Jyoti said she had been finding it tough to pursue studies in view of her overseas assignments, which kept her away from home for over eight months. So, she decided to opt for the open university. \"I will like to complete my post graduation from here. Studies are important for me regarding future prospects,\" the diminutive girl said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785972", "title": "SBI to advance Rs 10 cr to SHGs", "text": "PATNA: As part of its special drive, the State Bank of India (SBI) would provide over Rs 10 crore as credit finance to over 2,000 self-help groups (SHGs) of nine districts at a function to be held here on Tuesday that deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi would inaugurate.The SHGs were formed by the SBI in collaboration with Jeevika in nine districts. Earlier, till December last year, the SBI had opened accounts of 6,903 groups formed by Jeevika. 5,300 groups were credit linked, thus benefiting more than 53,000 families by providing them with bank loans in several other districts.While the function would be held at the Deep Narayan Institute (Shastrinagar) here, Modi would hand over a dummy cheque of Rs 10.25 crore on behalf of the SBI to the group members of SHGs concerned. The amount will be utilized, as per the needs of the groups for their on-lending activity as well as for any project activity being performed by the SHGs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11785601", "title": "I-T raids on Rungta mines offices", "text": "RANCHI: The income tax department on Monday conducted search on eight office premises of Rungta Mines Ltd across the country in connection with illegal mining and tax evasion by the iron ore mining giant.Rungta Mines is the flagship company of Chaibasa-based RS Rungta Group. The company is one of the biggest mining groups in the country, operating for over six decades mainly in Jharkhand and Odisha . The raids started in Chaibasa, Barbil, Bhubaneshwar and Dhenkenal in Orissa and Kolkata and Delhi.\"We had information that the company is involved in largescale illegal mining of iron ore and evades tax. After preliminary investigations, the raids were conducted on Monday at eight locations in the country,\" said an officer.\"During the search, we have seized a number of incriminating documents from all the company offices which confirm that it has indulged in illegal mining and evaded a huge amount of tax,\" the officer adding said that a number of bank accounts and related documents were taken into custody for scrutiny. The company has made a huge profit by exporting illegally mined iron ore.\"Till now, we don't have any confirmation about the connection of the company with former chief minister Madhu Koda, who is also from West Singhbum, and illegal iron ore mining that flourished during his tenure as chief ministerWe can comment on this only after the scrutiny of documents is completed,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11785585", "title": "What next?", "text": "BANGALORE: According to the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, 1984, the governor is the appointing authority and he has to do so on the advice of the chief minister. The Act says: \"The governor shall appoint the Lokayukta on the advice tendered by the chief minister in consultation with the chief justice of the High Court of Karnataka, legislative council chairman, legislative assembly speaker, leader of the ppposition in the council and leader of the Opposition in the assembly.''Until now, the CM wrote letters to all the above persons asking them to send their nominees. He'd select a name and recommend it to the governor for appointment. Opposition leader Siddaramaiah wants the government to convene a meeting to choose a consensus candidate instead of writing letters. He said in the assembly on Monday: \"Let's appoint an honest person. Convene a meeting of all concerned, except the chief justice of the high court, to choose a consensus candidate. Let there not be any conflict between the government and the governor.''CM DV Sadananda Gowda said he had followed the precedence of writing letters. \"What prevents you from setting a precedent?'' Siddaramaiah asked. The CM chose not to respond to the suggestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787018", "title": "Railways to test emissions for first time", "text": "CHENNAI:In a first,the railwaysis planning to conduct emission tests on its diesel locomotives. The Integral Coach Factory (ICF) at Perambur has built a first-of-its-kind mobile Emission Test Car (ETC) that will be used to test emission levels of diesel locomotives at maintenance and manufacturing depots acrossthecountry.ResearchDesign and StandardsOrganisation (RDSO), which will be conducting theemission test,hadcommissionedICFto build the test car in 2007-08. It was built at a costof Rs8crore.Though a lotof trains are electric, a large percentage are hauled by diesel locomotives. Also, shunting of rakes at stations is done by diesel locomotives. This has prompted the railways to check emission levels andformulatestandards.RDSO director general V Ramachandran said, \"The aim of using the ETC is to testexhaustemission levels, analyseengine performance, improve fuel efficiency and reduce environmental pollution. The machine will also be used to set emission standardson a par withEuropean andUS emission norms. Emission tests are not conductedon running trains.\"The emission test car is a mobile vehicle fittedwiththelatestemission testing device from Horiba Japan. Similar non-mobile devices are used by major automobile manufacturerssuch asAshokLeyland andBajaj.\"Thetestcar willbetaken to alldiesellocomotive sheds in the country. It can measure oxides of nitrogen, particulate matter, total hydrocarbons, methane hydrocarbons, smoke opacity and carbon monoxide andcarbon dioxidefrom theexhaustof a locomotive. After the emission levels are collected,wewillset a standardfor Indian conditions without compromising on the permitted levels assigned by the United States Environment Protection Agency ( USEPA) and the International Union of Railways(UIC),\" Ramachandran said.Every railway zone has at least two diesel locomotive sheds. The ETC is also designed to transmit data through a satellite link to the Engine Development Directorate of RDSO which will analyze and lay down emission standardsfor locomotives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790553", "title": "Actors in a horse race!", "text": "Never mind the usual rat race that keeps one and all on their toes; never mind the race for the top spot that leaves our actors giving their best. The in-thing today is horse racing, or so it seems.The Derby held in Mumbai was quite the place where many-a-person from the film industry was expected. After all there are many horse lovers here. Late actor Feroz Khan was one of the firsts to start the trend of breeding horses and being an active participant of the sport, owning several stallions himself. It was often that we saw son Fardeen Khan accompany him at the derbies.Jackie Shroff, too, used to be spotted at the event, till a few years ago. However, the trend that seems to have bitten the glam industry these days is riding horses themselves. Yes, the likes of Lara Dutta , Dia Mirza , Randeep Hooda are all passionately into horse riding.At this year's Derby, we got to see the likes of Vijay and Siddharth Mallya and Abhay Deol . When we got in touch with Abhay, he told us, \"This is my second year at the Derby. Last year, I enjoyed it so much that I found my way here this time, too. I've learnt a few secrets about betting. The horses look beautiful.\"Vijay Mallya applauded the crowd and described the event as a melting pot of style, fashion, big money and sport!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785990", "title": "Annual sports day held", "text": "PATNA: Eurokids held its annual sports day on Sunday with pomp and show. The chief guest, Sagarika Mukherjee, a well-known academic, author and principal of Shemford Futuristic School, Patna, declared the event open by releasing balloons.The children of the school presented a march-past which was followed by tiny tots presenting drills and participating in races based on various themes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "11787097", "title": "Rowdy nexus: Cong hold rally, Pondy traders plan bandh", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The opposition Congress on Monday took out a rally to protest against the ruling All India NR Congress government for failing to maintain law and order in the Union territory.The matter relates to a gang of armed rowdies killing the proprietor of a car showroom when he refused to give them money. The traders of Mudaliarpet have called for a six-hour bandh on February 8 to condemn the attack.The rally was led by Union minister of state for the Prime Minister's office V Narayanasamy, former CM V Vaithilingam , among other Congress leaders.The speakers criticised the Rangasamy government, saying the law and order situation in Puducherry had deteriorated.Other parties AIADMK and DMK too criticised the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786038", "title": "European chill may freeze Indian flight plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: The deep freeze in Europe is now threatening travel plans of flyers from India too. With London being the worst hit, Indian carriers that fly to the British capital either cancelled or clubbed flights on a snowy Sunday.While flights operated on schedule on Monday and no changes were reported till evening for Tuesday, airlines say they are watching the weather in Europe closely as the unprecedented cold is yet to abate there.London Heathrow operated only 70% of its flights on Sunday. Kingfisher cancelled its Mumbai-London and Delhi-London flights, while Air India clubbed its morning Delhi-London flight with the afternoon one. Jet operated one flight to London and rescheduled the other so that it landed there on Monday.Many flights were delayed at Amsterdam Schiphol and Heathrow cancelled 30% flights on Sunday. Most airlines that fly to London were hit. While British Airways spokespersons could not be reached, the Air France-KLM combine that operates from Amsterdam did not comment. Lufthansa said its flights were as per schedule.Anil Kalsi, head of a travel agents' association, said, \"As of now, there isn't much impact. Passengers are enquiring about their flights but airlines did not affect any change on Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786639", "title": "Not enough engineers, NVDA to go for turn-key contracts", "text": "BHOPAL: A severe skilled manpower crisis has forced the Narmada Valley Development Authority (NVDA) in Madhya Pradesh to go in for turnkey contracts, to implement its projects within the timeframe.\"Yes, it is a real crisis in NVDA. Civil engineers with adequate experience and skills to hold senior positions are just not available from anywhere. We have decided to go in for turnkey contracts, NVDA vice-chairman O P Rawat told TOI.The NVDA says it is struggling to find the right hands to fill up engineering slots running across the entire hierarchy : Down from chief engineers, superintendenting engineers and executive engineers to junior level engineers. That apart, even the vital position of member (finance), the key official handling and managing the massive NVDA budget of some Rs 1300 crores, is also lying vacant.Madhya Pradesh has the herculean task of utilizing 18.25 million acre feet (MAF) of water allocated by the Narmada Water Dispute Tribunal Award in 1979. The state has so far made use of only about one third of it, six MAF. In all, MP has to build 29 major, 135 medium and 3000 minor dams in the Narmada Valley.Rawat did not agree with the perception that the state had claimed an exaggerated quantity of Narmada water in 1979 without making proper attention to preparing its master plan. He said 13 major, 35 medium and 1000 minor schemes have already been completed or are at different stages of completion. The detailed project report (DPR) for the remaining 15 major projects are also expected to be completed by March this year, while DPRs for 17 medium and 479 minor schemes are being finalized.Pointing out that the Narmada Basin Projects Company Limited has been incorporated to raise resources for an expeditious completion of the remaining schemes by 2020, the NVDA vice-chairman said a few like Attaria, which is a major scheme, a couple of medium schemes and about 20 minor projects may have to wait for a long time because of opposition from local villagers. He said population pressure and non-availability of land for resettlement and rehabilitation were a reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786150", "title": "Gurgaon fails to emulate Panchkula's success story", "text": "GURGAON: Despite being the IT hub of the state, Gurgaon has failed to make it big, especially when it comes to infrastructure and good governance.But at the same time, Panchkula, has managed to reap the benefits, especially because of its proximity to the state capital, Chandigarh.Apart from that, there are a couple of other reasons working in favour of Panchkula.For example, most of the serving as well as retired bureaucrats (almost 70% of them) live in Panchkula and therefore there is constant monitoring of the exisisting infrastructure and maintenance work, which is not the case in Gurgaon.The other big reason is of course the way in which these two cities have come up. While on the one hand, Panchkula has had a proper development plan, Gurgaon did not have one to begin with.So while real estate developed at a rapid pace in Gurgaon, the infrastructure developments like roads and sewerage system are yet to come up.\"In Gurgaon, land was available in abundance and whoever had money, bought plots. Builders constructed highrises and apartments wherever they wished and this led to scattered development,\" said a HUDA official. He added, \"Once people started living here, they realized that roads simply do not exist in the city while the sewerage was in a shambles as their drains were not connected to the main sewerage line. But on the other hand, Panchkula has traversed a different develoment path. A proper master plan was in place when the city was growing and the focus was on the development of infrastructure before residents started settling here.\"Sources also alleged that infighting between the state and city leadership has cost Gurgaon dear.Experts point out that it is increasingly becoming difficult for Gurgaon to sustain the unprecedented dream growth because of the non-existence of adequate infrastructure.\"The state administration is not at all bothered about doing anything to improve the condition of infrastructure here because they seem to think that even without doing anything, the city is generating highest revenue and therefore there is probably no need to do anything more. However, they are failing to see the fact that the city is facing a slow death. I have come across many people in the recent past who say that they regret having set up business in Gurgaon and are seriously looking at relocating to better places like Greater Noida, for example,\" said Rohit Baluja, president, Institute of Road Traffic Education.\"Good roads and an efficient transport system are needed for the growth of a city, both of which are non-existent in Gurgaon. It is a completely confused and crisis-ridden city. Unlike Panchkula, Gurgaon seems to be receiving a third party treatment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785642", "title": "Zilla Parishad polls today", "text": "PUNE: Voting for Zilla Parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti elections will be held on Tuesday between 7.30 am and 5.30 pm.Campaigning for these polls concluded on Sunday. Polling will take place in nearly 3,984 booths in 13 talukas of Pune. Nearly 22,000 people will be involved in the election process and close to 473 state transport buses and 78 jeeps will be deployed for election duties. Boats will be used for transportation of the materials and manpower for conducting elections at Sakhari village in Mulshi. The election material was sent to the respective polling booths on Monday.Over 25 lakh people will cast their votes. Sale of liquor has been prohibited on Tuesday. All establishments within 100 m of the polling booths will remain shut.Preventive action has been taken against 3,900 people by the police so far and some of them have been served notices, while others have been taken into custody. Rural police have registered one non-cognizable case regarding violation of code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11786766", "title": "Teacher booked on molestation charges in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Madhav Nagar police have booked a coaching institute teacher on charges of attempting to outrage the modesty of a girl student.The girl is a second-year engineering student at the MIT College in Ujjain district. The police said the accused, Abadul Qamran, was allegedly harassing Mohina (name changed) by making her stay back after classes on some pretext. She girl used to attend the tuition thrice a week.A couple of days ago, Abdul Qamran called Mohina into his chamber and bolted the door from inside. When the accused tried to outrage her modesty, she raised an alarm. As a result, other students gathered there and forced the accused to open door. However, Abdul managed to escape. Mohina, who is a resident of Adarsh Nagar, lodged a complaint with the police. The police have booked Abdul under Sections 354, 342 of the IPC. The accused is at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787326", "title": "Cong throws rule book at Lokayukta", "text": "BANGALORE: The state Congress says the Lokayukta report is deemed to have been accepted and hence the government has no option but to initiate action as per its recommendations.Raising the issue in the legislative assembly on Monday, Opposition leader Siddaramaiah, quoting the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, said: \"If the report is not rejected within three months, it's deemed to have been accepted. The government has no other go but to implement the recommendations and initiate action against those named in the report.''He said the government cannot send back the report to the Lokayukta seeking any clarification as there are no such provisions under the Act. \"It has to either accept it or reject it,'' he added. By default, he said the government should take steps to implement the recommendations and recover losses to the tune of Rs 16,000 crore.Reeling out statistics from the report, Siddaramaiah said iron ore worth Rs 12,228 crore has been illegally exported. The illegal export, which was 53.55 lakh MT in 2008-09, touched 1.27 crore MT in 2009-10. Besides, the dumped ore was stolen from Belekeri port. ''Illegal mining increased after the Lokayukta submitted the first report. Why was action not taken against any officials, industrialists and other private persons? Was the government dead? At least it should have expressed its inability to curtail the loot and resigned with dignity,'' he said.Siddaramaiah said it will take at least 10 years to revive Bellary district which has been ravaged by illegal mining. He said the Reddy brothers, in-charge of the district, were so powerful they cared for nobody while causing the damage. \"Reddy was the Super CM and extra-Constitutional power. In my 30 years of political life, I have not come across such excesses by district in-charge ministers,'' he said.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said he'd answer the opposition's demands on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11786925", "title": "Admn may opt for time cap on processions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Processions may soon not give you a tough time on the city roads. For, the Chandigarh administration has recommended to the office of UT district magistrate (DM) to restrict the timing of processions to minimum hours. Office of DM issues permission for these.Besides, to check large pedestrian movement on the city roads during marches, UT police has recommended the DM that permission for such processions should be given subject to the condition that these would not hamper the free flow of traffic and keep to the left side and one third of the road width.The 10-page information on various measures proposed by the UT was placed on record before a division bench, led by Justice M M Kumar, of the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday. The HC had sought detailed information on the steps taken by the UT for checking the escalating traffic and promoting public mode of transport. On prohibition of manual cycle rickshaw from plying inter-sector roads, UT submitted that the step was neither feasible nor economical. \"In a small city like Chandigarh, use of taxis instead of cycle rickshaws to cover small distances of three to four kilometer will not only unnecessarily burden the pocket of ordinary citizens, but will also increase the traffic congestion,\" UT submitted.While suggesting various other measures for free flow of traffic, the administration told the HC that Chandigarh traffic police has implemented manual regulation of traffic during peak hours, from 8am to 11am and from 4pm to 7pm, on major roads, like on the stretch coming from Zirakpur, Panchkula and Mohali. On the introduction of one-way traffic in congested areas, it submitted that traffic police was identifying more areas which could be made one-way for free flow of traffic from 7 to 8.30am and 12.30 to 2pm. The road outside schools in Sector 26 has been made one-way for traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11786383", "title": "SC stays probe into scholar\u2019s case", "text": "WARANGAL: In a setback to research scholar and Kakatiya University JAC leader V Yakub Reddy, who was mercilessly beaten up by cops for staging a protest in front of minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah's house, the Supreme Court on Monday granted stay on CBI enquiry following a special leave petition (SLP) filed by the Warangal cops.While staying the CBI probe, a SC Bench comprising Justice H L Dattu and Justice C K Prasad asked Yakub through his counsel to file a reply within six weeks on the interim order. The CBI was asked to inquire into alleged police harassment by the High Court following a plea by Yakub and other civic rights groups.Speaking to TOI, Yakub said he was surprised that the Supreme Court did not take cognizance of the original High Court orders and merely went by the SLP filed by Warangal district SP Rajesh Kumar.\"I will not keep quiet and will continue to fight for justice till my last breath,\" Yakub said. He said he will be going to Delhi on Tuesday to pursue the case.When contacted, Rajesh Kumar, who went to Delhi to file the SLP on behalf of the state government, said they have submitted facts to the apex court. \"We are not trying to dupe any person or body. We have acted as per the law and filed the SLP,\" he contended.Sources said Uday Lalith, senior advocate arguing the 2G Spectrum case, and senior lawyer Altaf Ahmed filed the SLP, while Delhi advocates JAC convener D Ramakrishna Reddy argued for Yakub.Yakub alleged that the police authorities were trying to divert the original case so that the arrest of the accused police officers could be delayed. \"The cops are behaving like politicians. Why should the district SP file the SLP in the Supreme Court?\" he sought to know. He said the cops were desperately trying to dilute the harassment episode, which took place on September 7, 2011.It may be recalled that the KU students' JAC activists organised a dharna in front of the IT minister's residence on September 7 and later entered the minister's residence. They broke AICC president Sonia Gandhi's photo frame at Ponnala's residence and damaged the furniture. In this connection, Yakub along with 10 others were arrested.Meanwhile, TRS has asked Telangana Congress ministers to bring pressure on the government to withdraw the SLP in the larger interests of the region and its people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11786080", "title": "NCP's 7-seat 'victory' offset by loss as non-members slated to get tickets", "text": "PANAJI: The NCP list of candidates is not out yet, but highly-placed NCP office bearers revealed that two strong aspirants and almost \"sure shot\" candidates are not even NCP members. These are Yuri Alemao for Sanguem and Ashish Shirodkar for Mapusa constituencies. Shirodkar confirmed to TOI that he is still not an NCP member.Said an NCP office bearer, \"They will sign the membership forms just before they fill the nomination papers.\"Some NCP insiders consider the fact that the NCP managed to get seven seats-one more than last time-a pyrrhic victory, one that is offset by big losses. Though the NCP got seven seats, in three out of four, the NCP got \"constituency with candidate\" from the Congress in what one NCP insider described as \"we got the bride with her children\".They consider that only four are legitimately NCP candidates and these include the two sitting MLAs of Vasco and Tivim, Jose Philip D'Souza and Nilkant Halarnkar respectively. Saligao is likely to go to vice-president Suresh Parulekar although there is competition from another NCP man, Trajano D'Mello. But initially a Congress MLA was reportedly demanding it for his protege, North Goa ZP chairperson Jayesh Salgaocar. Also, in Porvorim, the fight is between two NCP candidates, Prabhu Moni and Fermeena Khaunte.In Mapusa, where state president Sirsat is an aspirant, reportedly the scales are strongly tilted in favour of Ashish Shirodkar, who is not even an NCP member. Including Sirsat, there are six NCP members vying for the seat-Armindo Braganza, Subhash Narvekar, Salim Syed, Yogesh Padlosker and Prakash Bhivshet. But Shirodkar is reportedly being supported by health minister Vishwajit Rane. The second \"constituency with candidate\" is Sanguem with Joaquim Alemao's son Yuri.The third is Mayem, which the NCP does not actually want. They are demanding Cortalim for Ramakant Borkar. But the Congress' Mauvin Godinho managed to snatch it for the Congress. So the Congress is forcing Mayem upon the NCP, obviously with their candidate. The candidate will be chosen from among home minister Ravi Naik's son Roy and another candidate reportedly being jointly projected by both Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and Rane-Panaji councillor Rudresh Chodankar.Meanwhile, Sirsat told TOI that the list has been sent to the high command in Delhi and it is expected within a day or two.NCP insiders also have a wry observation to make. They noted that three families have managed to get 16 candidates. Their break up is as follows: Rane got two, one for himself and one for his father in Valpoi and Poriem respectively, besides getting Mandrem (Dayanand Sopte) and Bicholim (Rajesh Patnekar). The other constituencies attributed to Vishwajit are Sanquelim, Siolim, Mapusa and Mayem.Monserrate, according to NCP men, got St Cruz for himself and Taleigao for his wife, besides ensuring that Canacona goes to Isidore Fernandes and Mayem to Rudresh Chodankar. They also point to the four seats for the Alemao family. While Navelim (Churchill) and Cuncolim (Joaquim) are confirmed, Valanka in Benaulim and Yuri in Sanguem are also certain, they pointed out. Said an NCP man, \"All these years when there was political disturbance, God used to save Digambar Kamat. Now if three families dominate, he has no chance.\" Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786371", "title": "Awards for 2 CBI officers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two Hyderabad zone CBI officials, R M Khan, additional SP, and Ch Somaiah, inspector, were honoured with merit certificates and cash rewards by CBI director AP Singh at a function in NewDelhi on Monday.While Khan is the chief investigating officer of the OMC case, Somaiah is a key officer in Khan's team that went to Bellary to nab mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy and his associates. Of the 30 officers receiving awards, two are from Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784404", "title": "CBI summons Bhanwari's daughter &amp; son", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Monday summoned Gungun, the youngest daughter of missing nurse Bhanwari Devi, along with her son Sahil to the Jodhpur Circuit House raising eyebrows as to the motive of the agency.The daughter is entangled in a paternity dispute as it is being claimed that she was fathered by Congress legislator from Luni constituency Malkhan Singh Bishnoi. The legislator is behind bars for his alleged role in the disappearance of the nurse.Sources said the agency had summoned Bhanwari's son Sahil and daughter Gungun to verify some statements. However, there were speculations that the summons were regarding the DNA test conducted on Malkhan Singh and the girl.Before her disappearance, Bhanwari Devi had claimed that her daughter had been fathered by Malkhan Singh. She had even approached some police officials in Jodhpur demanding a DNA test to prove it. Allegedly irked by the nurse's constant threats over the issue, the legislator reportedly got involved in the conspiracy to abduct her on September 1, 2011.Meanwhile, the CBI has stepped up its efforts to nab Malkhan Singh's absconding sister Indra Bishnoi. Sources said most of the properties belonging to Indra have been identified, and the agency will now proceed to seize them if she fails to turn up by February 10.In another development, Malkhan Singh's mother Amri Devi had claimed in her petition filed in the Rajasthan High Court on Monday that as her daughter Indra had taken names of some influential people and that she was being fabricated by the CBI. Amri Devi had alleged that all her family members, including women and children aged below 15 years, were being \"illegally\" summoned by the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "midnapore/kolkata", "code": "11785346", "title": "Jnaneswari loco pilot, assistant dismissed", "text": "MIDNAPORE/KOLKATA: The loco pilot and assistant loco pilot of the ill-fated Jnaneswari Express that derailed in West Midnapore in May, 2010, resulting in the death of 149 people, have been removed from services.Their dismissal came in December, 2011, after the Commissioner of Railway Safety (CRS) fixed the secondary responsibility on them for not abiding with the speed restrictions in that stretch.\"The CRS inquiry fixed secondary responsibility on loco pilot B K Das and his assistant T Devangan for violating the speed restriction in that stretch. They were served with major penalty chargesheets. The train was supposed to be moving at a maximum speed of 75 kmph but the actual speed was nearly 100 kmph. After a hearing, the two were removed from service. They have now appealed to the appellate authority for reduction of their sentences,\" a senior South Eastern Railway official said.The guard of the train has also been punished for the same offence. He has been downgraded and no longer operates on a mail or express train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789418", "title": "Sudhir Mishra finalises his leading lady", "text": "While the final go ahead had to come from the Big B, the casting for the female lead in Mehrunissa also had been under speculation.On the one hand, producer UTV wanted Katrina Kaif or Vidya Balan to increase the commercial viability of the project, on the other, director Sudhir Mishra had been rooting for his favourite lady Chitrangda Singh. And now, finally, Mishra has reportedly, won the battle.\"Considering that the film is about a girl who drives a wedge in the 50-year-old friendship between two friends, the production house feels that the youth market can only be won over by A-list actor,\" a source from the unit had informed Mirror earlier.UTV had even arranged for a detailed narration of the script to Ms Kaif. While Sudhir remained unavailable for comment, Chitrangda said, \"Nothing is finalised yet. Please check with Sudhir on what stage the project is at the moment. But yes, it's a great part, a classic when and if it happens. I'll be more than delighted!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784151", "title": "Jaipur Metro trial runs to be delayed", "text": "JAIPUR: The trial run of Jaipur Metro, expected in January 2013, will be delayed by two months. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has pushed the deadline and is now planning to conduct trial runs in February or mid-March.According to the DMRC, with delay expected in civil construction, the margin of trial will shorten to four months which was six months earlier. Lalit Meghnani, project director, said: \"The trial runs will start in February for Jaipur Metro. The margin of trial run was six months as per the comfort which is now reduced.\"The DMRC was planning to complete all the civil work before December 2012 as the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will conduct a number of oscillation trials. However, due to various setbacks, the civil construction might get slightly delayed. \"There are provisions by which we can manage time ahead and start Jaipur Metro on scheduled time. We will approach the ministry of railways 3-4 months earlier and request them,\" said Meghnani.Meanwhile, stating the project progress, Atul Gadgil, general manager (civil), DMRC, said contractors have also been awarded for rolling stock, signaling, 132 KV receiving sub stations, overhead equipment and tracks. \"We will start giving the front to contractors by next month, so that possibly all the work is completed. The work will be allotted in phases to avoid delay.\"He also claims that the launching operation (work for laying the bed of elevated Metro rail tracks), will be completed by December 2012, despite a one month delay. \"We have used some engineering innovations to bridge the gap. The work is expected to be completed on scheduled time as the inspection team from the RDSO are strict on oscillation trials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11787534", "title": "It\u2019s a bumpy ride to polling booths", "text": "VARANASI: No stone is being left upturned to encourage voters to cast their votes in the upcoming assembly elections. However, the pathetic condition of roads leading to the polling centres (booths) is a shocker.While the Election Commission has already provided relaxation to electorates, allowing them to reach 200-metre distance from polling booths on their vehicles, the pathetic sanitary condition along with poor state of approaching roads would definitely cause inconvenience.When TOI visited some sites of the polling centres on Monday, the appalling state of sanitation and dug-up roads were evident at many places. The worst condition was seen in Gurubagh area, in the heart of the city. Stink was emanating from the accumulated sewage and scattered waste.Similarly, the ongoing work for laying drainage pipeline in the areas had also dug the road right up to the entrance gate of one of the schools that was going to be made an important polling booth for Cantonment assembly constituency after delimitation.Similar scenes were also evident near one of the government primary schools (run by Varanasi Nagar Nigam) in Durgakund as the overflowing sewer and choked drains had spilled waste water on the roads, enough to trouble paedestrians and drivers.The primary school is also one of the important polling centres for Varanasi South constituency in the city. Even, more shocking was to note that the zonal office of VNN (Bhelupur) was located adjacent to the boundary wall of the school.As per SN Singh, additional municipal commissioner, VNN had intensified repair of roads that were badly hit during monsoon season last year. \"The zonal sanitary supervisors have been instructed to strictly ensure cleaning near the polling booths before the elections. We are keeping close vigil on the situation and things would change in the coming days,\" he added.However, the insensitivity of VNN staff was evident in Khojwan where garbage was dumped at one of the government primary school, a polling booth for voters belonging to Sarainandan and Khojwa localities. It is also worth mentioning here that as many as 75 of the 108 VVN-run schools have been made polling centres in the city. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786594", "title": "Fish buyers to feel the pinch", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As the lean season in the fishing industry sets in, fish-eaters in the city have begun feeling the pinch. Price of almost every fish variety available in the market is on the rise.According to officials of the Matsyafed here, the supply of fish is on the decrease and the prices would increase in the days to come. \"Most of the popular and cheap varieties of fish have started disappearing.The price of seer fish has crossed Rs 450 a kilo. Even the common tuna is scarce now. Its price now is close to Rs 150/kg,\" said P K Latha, a senior official with the Matsyafed here.Generally the lean fishing season starts in February and lasts till May. During this time, fishing activities along the costal lines of the district loses its momentum.Most of the fishermen find it futile to venture into the sea during this time. \"Fishing becomes unviable for mechanized boats as the chances of getting a good catch become very difficult. The sea is usually very calm and clear during this period. A good catch is possible only in murky waters,\" says president of the Swathanthra Mathsya Thozhilali Federation, T Peter.\"The end of 'Mandala' season in connection with the Sabarimala pilgrimage also makes fish a dearer commodity as people who go vegetarian during this period return to their fish-eating habits,\" says Peter.It is not the catch from Thiruvananthapuram coast line alone that fills the fish markets in and around the city. Fish caught from Neendakara in Kollam and nearby Tamil Nadu coastlines, including Tuticorin, account for a major chunk of the various fish varieties available in the Pangode fish market, the biggest one of its kind in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11786817", "title": "MP needs to find out other energy sources: Industry Advisory Council", "text": "INDORE: The members of Industry Advisory Council (IAC), who met for the third time in Bhopal on Monday, urged the state government to find out alternative sources of power and a few more national manufacturing zones in the state.One of the members, who was present at the meeting, said on condition of anonymity that the IAC advised the state government to search for alternative sources of energy, other than thermal and hydel ones.\"Apart from this, we advised for a time-bound project clearance system and develop two to three national manufacturing zones,\" said an IAC member. They said that the state has every potential to be developed as an industry hub of the country as the state has already adopted industry-friendly policies.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan , who is heading the committee, said that the state government's industrial policy was variable and the views were open. He made it clear that the changes would be introduced in the industrial policy of the state, based on the recommendations made by the members during the meeting.\"Also, we will be adopting the best of the industrial policies of various other states in the country. Moreover, we will sort out the complexities relating to the single window policy,\" said the chief minister.He declared that all the roads in the state would soon be connected to the 'barahmasi' roads. There must be a balanced approach while fixing the minimum wage for the labourers, said he.The minimum wage in the state at 223% of the per capita income was the highest in the country at present. However, the CM also said that apart from providing land to the industries, it was also essential to give sufficient compensation to the affected farmers. He also announced that Rs 5 crore was being spent on the infrastructure development of industrial areas like Pithampur and Dewas.State industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya said that apart from the industry-friendly industrial policy, the state government also made it available an investment package of Rs 1,00,000 crore to the investors in the state.Kiran Majumdar Shaw of Biocon, who couldn't attend the meeting as she had a prior commitment, told ToI over phone, \"I have already sent my views in writing to them. I personally feel that an action plan for the industrial growth in the state must be based on a strategy. Also, we have to do it in a holistic way so as to ensure the industrial growth of the state as you can't do it in isolation. Secondly, the state must focus on development. Another important issue is that today nearly 50% cars are sold in either rural or semi-urban areas. But, please tell me where are the roads there?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786161", "title": "Bhora Kalan effect: Villages to soon put up 'Health Wall'", "text": "GURGAON: Encouraged by the appreciation received by Bhora Kalan village for its improved sex ratio, several village panchayats in Gurgaon have decided to put up a 'Health Wall' displaying the sex ratio, number of expecting mothers, immunization status and the healthcare facilities available in their villages.The decision was taken during a Panch Sarpanch Sammelan of Gurgaon district organized on Monday at Kingdom of Dreams. The meeting, presided over by deputy commissioner P C Meena, saw the members of Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) of all the 210 villages of the district taking part.Meena heard the grievances and problems of the PRI members and apprised them of the steps taken by the state government and the district administration for improving the sex ratio. \"The district administration has increased the prize money from Rs 21,000 to Rs 51,000 for anyone who shares information about those involved in prenatal sex determination,\" said Meena.The deputy commissioner appealed to the people to conserve water as the Central Ground Water Authority has declared the district as \"dark zone\" because of the declining water table. Meena said PRIs could fine those found wasting water in their villages.Meena announced that mega camps would be organized for clearing pending mutations in the district. \"The first camp will be organised for Farrukhnagar and Manesar tehsil areas on February 12 while camps in Sohna and Gurgaon on February 19. The mega camp in Pataudi will be organized on February 26,\" said Meena.Ordering to provide a complaint box in every office of Block Development and Panchayat Officer (BDPO) as well as tehsildar, Meena said, \"The key of the complaint boxes will remain at the office of the district administration and an employee from the district headquarters will go and collect the complaints received.\"The DC asked the villagers, especially the sarpanchs to protect panchayat land and plead the panchayat land cases in various courts. He asked them to keep a watch on the quality of development works in their village.\"As per government guidelines, development works worth up to Rs 10 lakh can be taken up by panchayats themselves. Works worth up to Rs 25 lakh will be sanctioned by the executive engineer, Panchayati Raj, while works up to Rs 50 lakh can be sanctioned by the superintending engineer, Panchayati Raj,\" the DC said.Meena, who has the authority to sanction development works worth up to Rs 1 crore, said the district administration has prepared a database of the land records, a copy of which will be given to the BDPOs from whom the PRI members can procure.Citizens form 31-km-long human chain in support of the girl childThe anti-female foeticide campaign launched by a woman IAS officer on September 6 last year received a shot in the arm on Monday, when hundreds of citizens came out on the roads to form a 31-km-long human chain in Karnal to propagate the message of 'save the girl child'.Shouting slogans in support of the girl child and promising support in the fight against female foeticide, people formed a human chain that stretched across the main markets, various sectors, the bus stand road, railway road and Meerut road on Monday. More than 50,000 school students from the district, 70 organizations including various welfare associations and NGOs, besides senior citizens, freedom fighters and the national integration medical association participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785442", "title": "Liquor being carried illegally seized", "text": "NAGPUR: Ahead of elections to the zilla parishad and civic body, state excise department officials seized a four-wheeler carrying liquor illegally along with elections pamphlets of candidates belonging to the Congress party. The raid was conducted by excise officials near Khursapar in Saoner tehsil the wee hours of Monday.A total of 1,560 branded whisky bottles were seized from the car. No necessary permits or other relevant documents found from the seized vehicle. Including the four-wheeler, the value of the seizure is Rs 11 lakh.Since eight days, state excise officials have been conducting surprise checks to detect illegal transportation of liquor from Manegaon Tek to Khursapar, which is close to Madhya Pradesh border.\"During the drive, we were tipped off about a newly-bought white four-wheeler without a number plate that had entered the state from Madhya Pradesh,\" said Shivraj Dhote, superintendent of state excise official.Acting swiftly, officials chased the vehicle for about 4km. However, before the cops could catch up to the four-wheeler, the driver halted the vehicle in a dark spot and fled, said police. \"We came to know that there were three persons in the car,\" said Dhote.From the documents found in the car, cops learnt that the vehicle is owned by Suresh Waghmare, who already has many offences of supplying illegal liquor.\"We are yet to interrogate the politicians whose campaign material was found in the car. We suspect their involvement in illegal transportation of the liquor,\" added Dhote.No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786578", "title": "In top gear against the car", "text": "NEW DELHI: Collecting cars is a connoisseur's delight for the urban elite. However, Delhiites are fast waking up to the fact that cars have run people off the streets.The automobile could well be synonymous with modern-day Frankenstein, a monster that threatens to destroy the quality of life and not improve it.New York entrepreneur Mark Gorton, an anti-automobile crusader, is currently in India to spread the message about just how wrong an automobile-based transport system is for the world.\"India has the historical advantage of being able to see the damage that automobiles have done to cities in Europe, America and China. It can decide not to commit the same mistake,'' he said.Gorton firmly believes in what Enrique Penalosa, a former mayor of Bogota , once said - you can have a city that is friendly to cars or friendly to people. You cannot have both.Bumper-to-bumper traffic on urban streets is no coincidence and is a reflection of poor planning, said Gorton.He believes in the need for a government policy, which works towards automobile suppression that includes punitive taxes on cars. \"In Shanghai and Singapore , you need a permit to own a car.\"In Tokyo , you first need proof of parking before you can buy a car,'' the anti-automobile crusader added.Delhi, for instance, is trying to do the physically impossible by filling the streets with automobiles though there's no space to fit them, he said.On the other hand, he points to cycling tracks in cities like Ahmedabad.\"Much of Europe is now looking at designing roads for bicycles. It's only when streets have designated cycle tracks and are safe for cyclists that people will want to ride bicycles,'' he said.His grouse against automobiles goes beyond the obvious concerns over pollution and congestion. He is concerned with the intangible fallout of living on a street that is crowded by cars and has little space to walk.\"When there were fewer cars on New York streets, the city was safer for children, who could cross over, walk to school or run to a park.\"A child's world was, say, a kilometre in diametre. It has now been reduced to a few metre in front of the house,'' Gorton said.He said this may well be a cause for childhood obesity , as children have no place to walk on the streets.\"You now need an adult to accompany a child from one place to another,'' he said.He points to studies which show that on an average people, who live on streets having heavy vehicular traffic have fewer friends in the neighbourhood than those who dwell on quieter streets.Gorton is armed with data to prove cars are among the most inefficient means of transport.\"Before New York moved to a transport system dependent on cars, the system was rail-based. Today, there are 370,000 fewer people entering New York's Central Business District each weekday than there were in 1948,'' he said.Gorton's grouse goes beyond concerns over pollution and congestion. He is concerned with the fallout of living on a street crowded by a number of cars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786884", "title": "Isro crisis: Chaturvedi panel faults Madhavan Nair for financial, commercial weakness", "text": "NEW DELHI: A clean chit by the BK Chaturvedi-Rodham Narsimha committee to blacklisted top space scientist Madhavan Nair on the charge of giving space band spectrum cheap may be poor consolation as he has been slammed for \"major financial and commercial weaknesses\".The Chaturvedi report offers some relief to Nair and three other former ISRO scientists as it rejects any revenue loss implications and says leasing of transponders to private firm Devas was not a policy violation. And, despite holding Nair responsible for several lapses, it does not recommend disciplinary action.In contrast, the committee headed by former central vigilance commissioner Pratyush Sinha has called for action against Nair and his colleagues under pension rules and called for an investigation into \"non-legitimate\" financial and pecuniary interests.Nair has hit out at the Sinha committee saying the recommendation to bar him and others from government assignments was a \"witch hunt\" and suggested the report's \"inconsistencies and inaccuracies\" might have something to do with his successor at ISRO, K Radhakrishnan, being on the panel.The former ISRO chief, hailed as India's moon mission man, has however been held responsible for omissions ranging from committing Indian satellites for untested technologies, keeping defence implications of the Devas deal from the Cabinet and Space Commission and agreeing to terms heavily loaded in favour of the firm.Devas, a firm based in Bangalore with substantial overseas investors, was given use of 60 Mhz of space band airwaves for hybrid operations involving multi-media services to vehicles and mobile phones.The Chaturvedi committee's clean chit seems to reflect the government's concerns over another \"spectrum scam\" soon after the 2G fiddle while Sinha panel points to financial implications.Yet, while the Chaturvedi committee says concerns over \"short selling of spectrum are not substantiated\", in the same paragraph it holds Nair squarely culpable of agreeing to a deal with \"major financial and commercial weaknesses\" as chairman of Antrix -- ISRO's commercial arm.Even as it absolves ISRO under Nair of causing a loss to government, the panel says it is not clear why such a large segment of S-band spectrum was given to Devas when similar services in Japan, Korea and US did not require more than 20-25 Mhz. So spectrum being \"gifted\" is not ruled out.The report does dwell on an estimated internal rate of return (IRR) but the calculations appended as annexure have not been released by ISRO. The rate is pegged at 13%, which would be reduced in view of charges Devas would pay to the telecom ministry for licences.The charge that ISRO did not inform the Cabinet and Space Commission of the deal with Devas, merely referring to use of satellites on \"appropriate commercial terms for multi-media and information services\", is serious. Antrix simply hid information of its agreement giving Devas 90% transponder capacity for 20 years.For the deficient notes placed before the Cabinet and Space Commission -- including undervaluing the second satellite that was to be used by Devas -- the Chaturvedi committee has primarily held Nair responsible as he was in \"full knowledge\" of the deal.Having bagged the deal with Antrix, Devas grew swiftly from a firm with Rs 1 lakh capital with two major investors to an entity with 17 investors, including foreign firms, with a net worth of Rs 563 crore. Both the reports point to this and the Chaturvedi committee concludes that foreign firms were clearly looking to enter India's telecom market.The role of the INSAT coordination committee and its technical advisory group were completely overlooked by ISRO, the reports say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11776545", "title": "Imran denies saying he has an edge over Ranbir", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor and Imran Khan are perhaps the best in the younger lot in Bollywood currently, and undoubtedly they are fierce rivals.Since both of them started their career around the same time there are constant comparisons drawn between the two on the films they choose and, of course, their performances.And recently, around the time of Kareena-Imran-starrer Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu promotions, when Imran was quoted saying that he has an edge over Ranbir because he can be romantically paired with Kareena whereas Ranbir can't, the controversial statement led to many tongues wagging. But, when Imran was asked upfront about it, Imran denied making the statement. \"That is not my quote. Some one said that I can work with Kareena and Ranbir can't, and I merely said, \"Yes, that is true.\"\"I don't make such antagonistic and aggressive statements. That is the fabrication of some eager journalist,\" the actor further said laughing. Coming to her co-star's defence, Kareena says, \"Imran is too sweet a guy to make such statements. And I don't think there is an edge because everyone knows that Ranbir and I am brother and sister (laughs). So it is no big deal.\"Quoted or misquoted, we don't know, but many movie-buffs definitely feel sad about the fact that huge talents and beautiful actors like Kareena and Ranbir who are known for their cinematic brilliance cannot be romantically paired in a film. What a pity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787037", "title": "Railways to design standard gauge coaches", "text": "CHENNAI: The Integral Coach Factory in Perambur has been asked to design a standard gauge metro rail coach to be abletocompetein the marketto supply coaches for metro projectsin thecountry.The \"ICF will be making metro rail coaches for the Kolkata metro run by railways. These coaches will be on broad gaugebutwewantthefactory to make the most of the opportunity and set aside a few designs for metro rail coaches on standard gauge that can perform better and cost lesser than imported coaches. The designs can be sent to the Research Design and Standards Organisation,\" saidRailwayBoard member (mechanical) Sanjiv Handa after inaugurating Emission TestCar atICFon Monday.He said the railways would be ableto proveitwascapableof making coachesof international standard and be able to take part in tenders floated by metro railcorporationsin differentcities. \"Railways should understandthe merits anddemeritsof metrosystemsin Germany and France and conceptualise a design for India.\"The ICF did not take part in thebidding processwhen ChennaiMetroRailfloatedtendersto makestandard gaugecoaches.\"There is going to be an explosion of demand for metro coachesin Chennai,Bangalore, Hyderabad, Delhi and other cities.Railwaysshouldbridgethe gap and should also be able to providecost-effective metro rail coaches. Coach factories of the railways will be able to make coaches at less cost and better engineering than the imported coaches.\"\"We are appalled at the cost at which metro coaches are imported. One coach costs Rs 8 crore.ICF's metrocoachfor Kolkata costs just Rs 5 crore. Metro managements are not able to discover the pricefor metro rail coaches because the railways did not have a benchmark for price as it is not making metro coaches,\" he added.The Planning Commission concerned over this and a debatewason aboutequipping the railways to make metro rail coaches, Sanjiv Handa said. \"Once we set a benchmark in price and quality, metro corporationswillbecompelledtobuy coachesfrom railways,\" hesaid.Types Of Gauges In RailwayStandard gauge: 1,435mm wide.Adopted for metro because it can negotiate curves better. Standard gauge coaches can carry more people than broad guageBroad gauge: 1,676mm wide.The British selected broad guage for India because of the technical specifi cations of coaches made in those daysMetre gauge: 1,000mm wide.Was introduced to lay track along hilly areas where sharp turns are necessary. Metre gauge trains can negotiate narrow curvesNarrow gauge: 760mm wide. Helps run trains on steep regions. Narrow guage coaches are short and can negociate sharper turns than metre gauge coaches. Not ideal for freight or heavy passenger load", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11778145", "title": "Make your Valentine\u2019s Day special", "text": "Bored of the usual red roses, candy hearts and stuffed teddy bears routine?If you want to make your significant other feel special and unique, you need to show them that Valentine's Day means much more than romance and gifts.Under-promise and over-deliver: Show him love and respect by honouring your time together and your commitments. For example, you can leave work early and call him on the way back home to say that you can't wait to see him. Or tell him that you are cooking his favourite meal for dinner. If you are making promises, make sure you keep them.Give him your undivided attention: Instead of stressing and fussing about what gift to buy on V-day, focus all your energy on making him feel special. Think about what makes him smile or what he is truly passionate about. Do those small things little things every day that could make him feel special.Leave love notes: Love notes are a sure way to inspire a loving connection every day. They don't all have to be sappy poems. You can write a note a day, about anything that you appreciate and admire about him. You could leave these notes in the car, wallet, or even write one on the bathroom mirror so as to surprise him!Plan a dream date: You don't have to go to a lavish or fancy dining place for this. A simple home-cooked meal can do the trick. Create the right ambience. Let the conversation be about his dreams. Ask him what he wants from life. Tell him about your aspirations.Valentine's DayValentine's SMSValentine's Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11787192", "title": "Excise dept set to decide anti-liquor resolutions", "text": "PATIALA: After receiving anti-liquor resolutions from 70 panchayats of various villages of Punjab, the excise and taxation department (ETD) has started the process to take final decisions on these.Last year, after dilly-dallying under alleged pressure from liquor mafia, authorities had closed liquor shops in 32 villages and shifted 10 outside the villages, while they had received 72 resolutions. But this year, the number of accepted resolutions is likely to increase as majority of panchayats have decided to knock the doors of Punjab and Haryana high court, if authorities reject their resolutions without valid reasons.\"Last year, our resolution was rejected on flimsy grounds under pressure from liquor mafia. But this year, since there is no government pressure due to election code, we hope our village would get rid of liquor shop. We would knock the doors of HC if the department rejects our resolution,\" said Gaga village sapanch Tej Kaur, after meeting ETD authorities here at department's state headquarters at Patiala.Under section 40 of Punjab Panchayati Raj Act, panchayats have powers to close liquor shops in their villages by passing resolutions. In 2009, about 45 panchayats had filed anti-liquor resolutions while excise authorities had accepted only around 23 resolutions. In 2010, the number went up to 72 and 42 villages got rid of liquor shops, while in 2011, around 70 villages have passed resolutions.\"The number could have multiplied had the ETD authorities not created problems. Instead of helping panchayats, ETD authorities are rejecting resolutions on flimsy grounds. This year, we would not tolerate any injustice and have decided to knock the doors of HC if ETD rejects resolutions without valid reasons,\" said A S Mann, president of Scientific Awareness and Social Welfare Forum, who, along with another NGO, People for Transparency, has been inspiring panchayats to close liquor vends in their villages.Of the total resolutions, 50 are from Sangrur district, 10 from Patiala, three each from Moga and Mansa, one each from Barnala, Jalandhar and Ludihana.When contacted, ETD commissioner A Venu Prasad said they have started conducting meetings with panchayats. \"We would complete the process within a few days. I cannot say anything more as I am busy in a meeting,\" said the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785162", "title": "Activists stop 48 trees from being trimmed", "text": "NASHIK: Forty eight trees were being trimmed near Sinnar Phata (national highway 50) on Monday, February 6, well past the date of permission, when tree activists stopped it. The permission to trim the branches of the trees that posed as obstacles to passing vehicles, was given by the municipal commissioner to the national highways on December 23, 2011. According to the letter, trees from Shivaji statue to Chehedi Shivar had to be trimmed without the tress being harmed in any manner.The trees as mentioned in the letter - babhul, bhendi, tamarind, peepal and neem, from Shivaji statue to Chehedi Shivar on Nashik-Pune highway, were to be trimmed within eight days of receiving the permission letter. But this was not followed. Permission was obtained again on January 23, according to which the trees to be trimmed within a week. But the trees were being trimmed only on February 6.\"The trees that made the spot accident-prone were permitted to be trimmed. On Saturday, I had asked the people trimming the trees to stop the process. Not only had the time frame expired but precaution were not being taken during the trimming activity.Formerly, they used to cut and burn the trees. This is the first case where transplanting trees has been mentioned as one of the clauses in the tender. We also selected a place for transplanting the trees,\" said Rajesh Pandit, an environmental activist. The activists also pointed out that when the urban trees protection act stated that trees should be transplanted and when the tender in this case has a clause of transplanting the trees, it should be done. \"We are ready to help in every possible manner,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11787461", "title": "No fest in the land of Krishna: seer", "text": "MANGALORE: Shiroor Mutt seer Laxmivara Theertha on Monday came down heavily on the three-day Spring Zouk Island Festival 2012 in St Mary's Island, saying that it did not reflect the Temple Town's culture.The seer who went to the island on Sunday said that what he saw there was appalling - consumption of liquor and promiscuous behaviour of foreigners present at the music fest.\"I met the deputy commissioner who was at the island. I expressed my anguish and displeasure to which DC said that not everything went as planned and he will not allow such things to be repeated. The DC said the fest was done to promote tourism,'' he said.The seer said he told the DC that such things will not be tolerated in the land of Krishna.Meanwhile, Nityananda Volakkadu, convever of the Nagarika Samiti, known for his unique ways of protesting, took out a protest march from the Poornaprajna Sanskrit College to Car Street parading a semi-clad mannequin, which was clad up later. He was joined by Hare Krishna sect women devotees and they expressed their anguish over the fest.Youth Congress on Sunday protested near the statue of Mahatma Gandhi on the Malpe-Vadabhandeshwar beach. Udupi superintendent of police MB Boralingaiah said the organizers had permission from excise department for use of liquor. He also said that no case under Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Act has been registered as there was no substance abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11778469", "title": "Love yourself this Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "Beat the Valentine's Day blues by making it a 'Me' DayEven if you are one of those 'anti-Valentine's Day' enthusiasts who love to hate this day of love, you can't pretend like it's just another day. At least, the red hearts everywhere, the overdose of mush and cloyingly saccharine messages of love won't let you forget that you are dateless, you cannot get a table at your favourite restaurant and that everyone around you seems to be happier than you are! So instead, why don't you make this day all about you. Here's some tricks to make the most of Valentine's Day and devote all your time and money on yourself, rather than someone else!Your day out: Grab lunch, a coffee or just skip to the yummy desserts at any of the restaurants that offer special Valentine's Day menus. You don't have to waste time sharing or looking into someone else's eyes when you have the whole plate to yourself. Plus, you don't have to pay for a date too!It's spa time!: If you have been putting off that visit to a spa or denying yourself a relaxing massage, today is the day to cash in on some indulgence time. If Valentine's Day is all about love, what better way to love yourself than getting a relaxing massage, soak in some heat at the sauna, and get pampered. You deserve it.Get nostalgic: Remember the good old days when you'd just sit down on a couch with mom, dad and dog with a cup of coffee and talk about everything under the sun? Well, you can do just that on Valentine's Day and enjoy some family love, when everyone else around you is talking be transported to the times you were young and could care less for this day.Shoppers' day out: If all these years, you've always saved up for Valentine's Day gifts for your date, it's time to break the pattern this year. Use the bucks to buy that one thing you've always craved - a dress, a guitar or maybe even a trip to some place. No better way to make you fall in love, with yourself that is!Skip the rom-coms: Why watch those soppy love-struck tear-jerkers that play on TV all day? Those picture-perfect love stories can depress even couples with their idealistic portrayal of relationships. Give those love stories a miss, rent a comedy DVD and chuckle yourself dry through the night. The glow on the face that all those laughs leave you with is more precious than any rom-com!Alone time: Every Valentine's Day, all couples wax eloquent about the joys of being 'together'. But no one talks about the beauty of solitude. How will you ever love yourself if you didn't even get a chance to know yourself. Come on, you end up giving that pathetic date more mind space than you would ever give yourself. So what better way to show some love than on Valentine' Day. Shut out the noise - Facebook, calls, texts, technology, movies and just about everything. There are so many other things you can do - draw up a nice, bubbly bath, enjoy a glass of fancy wine, listen to some relaxing music, head to some place quiet where you enjoy the view, read a book, have some hot chocolate and go to bed earlier than ever. You will wake up feeling happier than any date can make you feel.priya.ramachandran@timesgroup.comValentine's DayValentine's SMSValentine's Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785108", "title": "Onion surplus sees price slide in mktsdue to crop surpluscrop surplus", "text": "NASHIK: Even three weeks after the government reduced the Minimum Export Price (MEP), the average wholesale prices of onion have stabilized in Lasalgaon APMC (Agriculture Produce Market Committee), the Asia's biggest onion market, while the prices in other wholesale markets in the district have crashed in the range of 10 to 12 per cent in the past three weeks due to the increased arrival of both kharif and late kharif crops.The Central government on January 12 had reduced the Minimum Export Price (MEP) from USD 250 to USD 150 a tonne, to put a strap around control crashing prices. But except Lasalgaon, the wholesale average prices of onion has have declined by around 12 per cent in the past three weeks. due to arrival of new late Kharif crop in the market at large scale.But according to market sources, the average wholesale prices of onion at various APMC markets in the district, which were settled in the range around Rs 325 to Rs 400 per quintal on January 13 2012 after reduction in MEP prices, declined in the range of Rs 290 to Rs 360 a quintal on Monday. Except Lasalgaon APMC, the prices were declined by around 10-12 per cent in other wholesale markets due to the increased supply in crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11785743", "title": "CRPF pledge for Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: Under the civic action programme, the CRPF 172 battalion on Monday distributed eight rickshaws and 12 candle-making machines among the poor and helpless villagers at a function organized at the local agriculture produce marketing committee (APMC) premises here. On the occasion, CRPF commandant R B Dagar said the CRPF was always with the people to serve them. He said, \"To have a gun does not mean to harass people but we have to make a fearless society\". The CRPF is always ready to serve people and is striving to bridge the gap between police and general masses, Dagar said, adding that together we have to create an amicable environment in society. Earlier, too, the CRPF had distributed blankets, saris, dhotis and lungis among the villagers, adding 150 blankets, 100 saris, 100 dhotis and 50 lungis among the poor villagers, R B Dagar said.JAC exam: A total of 12,984 candidates from arts, science and commerce disciplines will appear from all over Garhwa district for the JAC intermediate exams this year. Similarly, 20,445 candidates will appear in the JAC's secondary exams this year. The exams will start on February 22 and continue till March 17. While 14 exam centres have been made for intermediate exams, 29 have been set up for secondary exams, said district education officer Uday Narayan Sharma.Murder: Hundreds of sahiyas on Monday gheraod the Garhwa DC office in protest against the murder of a sahiya, Kamla Devi (35), a resident of Bankat village under Kandi police station. Police recovered her body from a field belonging to one Guddu. Sahiyas handed over to the DC a memorandum containing five-point demand that included security cover for 1,200 sahiyas of the district and provision of security insurance to them. According to sources, Kamla Devi was working as a sahiya since 2007. On Sunday afternoon, she had gone to a primary health centre from where she was on way to her house. tnnShe was murdered between the health centre and her house by unidentified assailants, sources said. Kamla survived by three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11784288", "title": "Protest against name change of Ajmer railway station", "text": "AJMER: Several Hindu organizations on Monday conducted a protest march and submitted a memorandum to oppose any move to change the name of Ajmer railway station to Ajmer Sharif.Members of the organizations also gathered at the Dak Bungalow in the morning and discussed the consequences of the name change. The RSS members had already showed their concern over the move saying the new name will identify the station with the dargah of Ajmer.\"Ajmer had a historic identity since the last Hindu king Prithviraj Chauhan and the new name will destroy its importance\" claimed Sunil Dutt Jain, coordinator of the Ajmeru Sangh.The organization claimed that the proposal for changing the name of railway station is to gain political mileage but \"it will destroy the communal harmony of the city\".Hundreds of members then organized a march shouting slogans against the railways and the Union government. \"There is no need of changing the name. I have written to the railway minister against it,\" said Rasa Singh Rawat, district president of BJP . The protesters threatened to take up a massive protest if such a proposal is passed by the government.Members of Akhil Bhartiya Sahakar Bharati Rajasthan, Sewa Bharti, Rashtrya Uthan Manch, Akal Vidhalya Abhiyan, Mathili Brahmin Samaj, Akhil Bhartoya Janjid Samaj, Bhartiya SIndhu Samaj Bhartiya Janta Party, Bhartiya Janata Yuva Morcha, ABVP and others groups participated in the march.The protesters also submitted a copy of the memorandum to the divisional railway manager. Railway authorities, however, denied any proposal to change the name of Ajmer railway station to Ajmer Sharif. Officials said changing name in a city is a matter of the state government concerned.The organizations also demanded a change in the name for Ajmer to its historical name Ajmeru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11785866", "title": "Peps plans to boost Kerala presence", "text": "KOCHI: Spring mattress manufacturing company Peps Industries Pvt Ltd is looking at boosting its dealership presence in the marquee end of the Kerala market, which currently fetches 20% of its top line.Peps Industries MD K Madhavan said the company will increase its dealership base by 50-60% from the current base of 182. \"The spring mattress market is still in a virginal stage. The industry in India is fragmented, but very huge and customer priorities are swinging in favour of the comfort factor,\" Madhavan said. Peps, which has a 90,000 sq ft manufacturing facility spread over 11 acres in Coimbatore has over the past year been widening its brand reach by launching its 'Great Sleep Store', a specialised chain offering sleep products like inner spring and metal-reinforced luxury mattresses, pillows and blankets.\"We currently have 11 distributors in Kerala and three Great Sleep Stores. Plans are on to have 100 Great Sleep Stores all over India, and 20-25 Great Sleep Stores in Kerala alone by the end of 2012-13Kerala is a huge market for luxury sleep products as the expatriate population which is returning the state is a huge draw for manufacturers of marquee products,\" Madhavan said.From sales revenues of Rs 4 crore in fiscal 2007, Peps' top line touched Rs 100 crore in fiscal 2011ahead of market runner-up Springwell, which posted revenues of Rs 60-65 crore in the same period. Peps is looking to touch Rs 125 crore in turnover in fiscal 2012. \"The sleep products industry is offering a variegated range of products to cater to as well as grow consumer preferences in a sector where unorganized players dominate the market. As I said, the Kerala market is fragmented but huge, and for us it is a question of offering a wider range of spring mattress products benchmarked at different comfort levels which can help grow our market share in the state,\" Madhavan said.The company's Coimbatore manufacturing facility comprises machinery from Germany, Sweden and the US.Peps has also been working on sharing technical know-how in the field of sleep solutions through a technology transfer agreement with US-based Restonic Corp. This week, Peps plans to sign a memorandum of understanding with Restonic for a period of 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "11784698", "title": "\u2018Baba\u2019 steals 3.5L jewellery, held", "text": "DOMBIVLI: The Manpada police arrested a fake baba who had promised a cure for blindness but instead escaped with gold ornaments worth Rs 3.5 lakh from a businessman's house in Dombivli.The incident took place last month at Vadavali village in Dombivli (E) where the complainant, Vasant Patil (65), resides with his wife, his son Praveen (24), and his son's wife.The police said that Patil and his family were worried about Praveen, who had lost his vision 10 years ago due to a health problem. The family had already spent over Rs 20 lakh for his treatment.Last month, the accused, Dilip Gosavi, approached tPatil, claiming he was a baba and could restore eyesight through prayers. On his instructions, Patil organized a prayer meet at his house. Gosavi also told Patil not to allow any of his relatives to be present.Dattatrey Pandhare, an inspector from Manpada police station said, \"On the day of the prayer meet, the accused told Patil to bring all the ornaments in order to impress the gods. He then asked the family members to close their eyes. When they did so, the accused escaped with ornaments worth Rs 3.18 lakh.\"On investigation, police learnt that Gosavi operated from Shahapur. Gosavi has since confessed to the crime, said police officials. \"We have recovered all the valuables stolen from Patil's house and further investigation about Gosavi's role in similar cases is on,\" said Pandharey. On Monday, Gosavi was produced in a Kalyan court and remanded in police custody till February 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786548", "title": "Three flights diverted, 50 delayed due to sudden fog", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sudden drop in visibility at the IGI Airport in two spells on Monday saw three flights diverted to Jaipur and about 50 delayed by 15 minutes to an hour. Met officials say that while shallow fog is expected to occur on Tuesday as well, with visibility likely to come down to 300m, no significant change in weather is expected before January 11.\"The western disturbance that caused rain over Delhi is moving away. Strong northwesterly winds, that are quite cold, are blowing over the plains of northwest India and will bring down the minimum temperature by a few degrees. However, not much change is expected in the maximum temperature. The day will remain clear and there is no possibility of rain as of now,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.At the airport, visibility fell for the first time due to dense fog at 3am. The runway visual range (RVR) dropped on the main runway to 100m, which was under maintenance at that time. A Jet Airways plane and a Kingfisher flight, both coming from Dubai , were diverted. The situation improved an hour later, but at 7am visibility dropped to CAT-III levels again.Monday's temperature dropped slightly from a day earlier, but was still on the higher side. The maximum temperature was down to 22 degrees Celsius while the minimum dipped to 10.6, two degrees above normal.\"The maximum temperature was 2-6 degrees above normal over several parts of Punjab, Haryana, UP, Orissa and Gangetic West Bengal on Monday. With the WD now moving away, rain and snow will occur over parts of J&K; till Tuesday and then decrease. Some areas in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh will also see some snow. The minimum temperature will drop by 2-3 degrees over plains of northwest India,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786179", "title": "Stop paying EMI to builders, says TC", "text": "GURGAON: The town and country planning department has announced that residents paying EMI or buying any property in Mayfield Gardens in Sector 51 must not pay the builder any more because the entire colony has been taken over by the government for all administrative purposes.The department has put up public notices at over 23 sites across the colony announcing the cancellation of the builder's licences and its taking over of the project. The builder's licences have been cancelled on account of non-payment of dues running into crores of rupees. The licences were given for development of residential plotted colony (Mayfield Gardens) in Sectors 47, 50, 51, 52 and 57.For the residents, fed up with the lack of facilities and violations of the building plan, the move has come as a ray of hope that the colony's condition will now improve.The housing projects are in different stages of completion whereas over 15,000 residents are living in plotted houses at present.Senior town planner, Gurgaon, R K Singh, said: \"The department has started the work of checking the records of the builders to determine the financial aspects of the project. In case a property has already been sold, the pending instalments, payable to the licensee companies or companies authorized by them, shall be paid in favour of DGTCP.\"Speaking to TOI, Sukhbir Singh Jaunpuria, managing director of SS Builder, which has a large stake in the project, said: \"All the payments will soon be made to the TCP department as per the rule. The delay in payment was due to some misunderstanding which has been sorted out.\"The amount recovered shall be utilized for clearing the outstanding dues against the licensees and development of deficient infrastructure, Jaunpuria said. The builders are yet to pay the licence renewal fee of Rs 24.72 crore, over Rs 17 crore of external development charges.Meanwhile, the residents welcomed the department's decision. \"The government should not only worry about default in payments by the builders but work to provide facilities needed in the colony,\" said Ajender Singh, a resident.According to the residents, the department should have taken the action long time ago. \"It's good that licences have finally been cancelled and the project taken over by the government. The department must work to improve roads, power and other facilities in the colony,\" said Amit Sikka, another resident. The residents had sleepless nights after the department announced an embargo on all the Mayfield Gardens projects last year, stopping the sale and registration of its properties. \"Now the department must clear the way for registration of properties in our colony. The residents had been running from pillar to post to get their properties registered,\" said Ashwini Vohra, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "11786889", "title": "Nipul's birth date is his magic no.", "text": "HAIBOWAL: Nipul Jain of Haibowal has no qualms in screaming his birth date loud for all and sundry to know. He has a fixation with the special date to the point that starting from his phone numbers to his vehicles' registration numbers to even his bank account number, all have the digits of his date of birth.Born on January 1, 1985, Nipul has seven mobile numbers and one landline number, each of which ends with the magic number 1185. His car and bike registration numbers are PB 10 CW 1185 and PB 10 BE 1185 respectively.Owner of two coaching centres in the city, Nipul said the collection started when he got his first BSNL number that coincidentally ended with 1185. ''I was in college when I got the BSNL connection. That sparked the idea for me and I started insisting on getting this number series only. It is my own unique collection,'' he said, adding that he doesn't care if people think he's crazy.Nipul said he did post-graduation in computer application and also worked for sometime in Delhi before moving back. ''Now I teach students but my passion remains the number game,'' he said.His father Narinder Kumar Jain, a retired architect engineer from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) said, ''Nipul is very fond of this series and refuses to accept any other number. We don't stop him because it makes him happy and it is easy to remember when all the numbers are the same.''His mother Neelam Jain, who is a homemaker, said, ''If he is doing it for his satisfaction then why should we stop him? On the contrary we encourage him in his passion.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11785635", "title": "DMK men allege cops keep Saminathan under custody illegally", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed outside Coimbatore central prison after DMK functionaries alleged that Tirupur police was keeping former DMK minister Vellakovil Saminathan under custody illegally at the prison here. Tirupur police failed to get an extension for judicial custody of the ex-minister from the judicial magistrate court, in Dharapuram on Monday.Vellakovil Saminathan was arrested on January 23 and was sent to judicial custody till February 6. According to police and court sources, they tried to extend his judicial remand through video conferencing as police claimed DMK functionaries were making it difficult for them to produce the former minister in person before the magistrate court. But due to some technical problem, the video conferencing could not be held till late night on Monday and the magistrate reportedly directed police to produce the minister before him tomorrow.\"We tried to seek an extension of his custody through video conferencing, but due to some technical problem, there was some delay. We will produce him before the magistrate tomorrow,\" said V Balakrishnan, superintendent of police, Tirupur district.Meanwhile, DMK functionaries and legal cell members filed a petition before the court claiming the minister was being held illegally by the court. \"As per the rule, the former minister's judicial custody ended at 6 pm today. So, he should be released immediately,\" said a DMK party member.Tirupur police sources also claimed that they tried to take the minister directly to the magistrate's house and produce him to seek an extension. Prison officials did not allow Tirupur police to take the minister directly to Dharapurm to produce him before the magistrate.On January 23, Vellakovil Saminathan was arrested in connection with a land grab case filed by an egg exporter. While Saminathan was arrested from his residence at Muthur in Kangayam, his close aid and real estate dealer Kanagaraj was arrested from Tirupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784137", "title": "RTI applicant attacked for exposing graft in MGNREGA", "text": "JAIPUR: An RTI applicant in Bikaner, who tried to expose corruption in MGNREGA, was attacked and seriously injured following which he is admitted to the ICU of a private hospital in Jaipur.Former sarpanch of Somalsar, Dhudaram, had sought information relating to work done under MGNREGA in Nokha in Bikaner through RTI. When he did not get the desired information, he filed an appeal before the state information commission. Even though the commission directed the authorities to provide the information, the applicant never got it.Meanwhile, Dhudaram managed to get some information from the MGNREGA website. On the basis of it, the relatives of Dhudaram filed a complaint with the Anti-Corruption Bureau against 10 accused.On February 2, Dhudaram was attacked and he was brought to a private hospital in Jaipur. Dr BR Bagaria, who is providing treatment said: \"The patient is improving but he is still serious as he is suffering from renal failure due to various injuries on his body.\"Dhudaram's son Bhanwar Lal said: \"One Bhagwan Ram along with many armed persons attacked my father. Ram is son of Uddi Devi, who is a sarpanch of the village.\"He said that an FIR has also been lodged with Nokha police station under Section 307 of IPC against the attackers.Bhanwar Lal said that roads were constructed at a cost of Rs12 crore in 2010 in Nokha. But in 2011, a work was sanctioned under MGNREGA for clearing sand from the roads which were constructed in 2010. But actually no such work was done and around Rs 4 crore was paid for the work which was mentioned in the papers only.He said that even the government engineer of the area wrote to collector that no such work was done and the people of the area also gave it in writing on affidavits that no such work was done.Nikhil Dey, a social activist said: \"I think that this is a serious and brazen case. Not only it was an attack on RTI user but also it shows that while people are trying to protect schemes like MGNREGA, authorities are turning a blind eye on corruption. But most disturbing is the fact that the corrupt feels that by beating up or by using violence truth can be suppressed.\"He said that they met senior government officials on Monday and demanded special audit should be done of the road works done in Nokha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786713", "title": "Over 600 high schools to be upgraded", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 600 high schools would be upgraded in the state in the next financial year, according to a Cabinet decision held on Monday.At a meeting of Madhya Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan Samiti and chaired by chief secretary Avani Vaish, the decision to upgrade 603 high schools in the next financial year was taken.For this, the the chief secretary ordered that initial preparations should be made by the administration so that the budget for the same could be sanctioned from the Centre in the month of April and the development work could be commenced. At the meeting, 14 developmental works of Rs 50 lakh each were approved. It was also agreed that the works would be evaluated by a third party. For the 603 high schools, the posts of same number of principals, 3015 teachers and 9665 additional teachers have also been approved .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11786773", "title": "Parents up the ante against fee hike", "text": "INDORE: Parents of children studying in the schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) in the city are mulling to form a group to raise their voice against 'arbitrary' fee hike by schools midway through the academic session.The decision of the CBSE schools to hike fees has not gone down well with the parents and guardians of the students who allege that during the last three years the fee structure has gone up by about 25%. \"Since the academic year 2008-09, the school fees have gone up by about 23% and now the schools have proposed a hike of almost 40%. Currently the schools charge Rs 43,000 and if the fee increases this year it will be Rs 62,000 per annum,\" a concerned parent of a student at Shree Sathya Sai Vidya Vihar, told ToI.The schools do not comply with CBSE laws which make it mandatory for them to consult parents before hiking the fees. Arbitrary fee hike puts burden on parents, he added.However, concerned with the arbitrary fee hike in schools various parents have started forming informal group to discuss the matter and take it up with the school management.A parent, whose children study in New Digambar Public School pleading anonymity, said, \"Parents have started talking about forming a movement against the schools like the one in Delhi. We too have received circular from schools to deposit revised fee by April 15. The school has proposed 20% hike in fee this year.Schools are taking benefits as government is not taking steps and regulatory bodies do not have control over the school managements. \"Fee hike is incongruence to parents' income which is not justified,\" he said.Recently, prominent city-based CBSE schools including Shree Sathya Sai Vidya Vihar, Daly College, Emerald Heights, Delhi Public School and Choithram School are among the few schools that have proposed a fee hike ranging 9 and 40 per cent.On the other hand, government officials in the city are waiting for orders from higher officials who are empowered to act against the schools. Rajni Jadon, district education officer said, \"Action has to be taken by the state government and senior officials. They can nail the schools for charging arbitrary fee hike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784484", "title": "Main accused in Udaipur engineering student murder case held", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost a month after an engineering student was abducted and murdered in Udaipur; the police cracked the case and arrested the main accused involved in the crime.Police said the main accused, Pradeep Singh Bhati, was arrested by a joint police team from Kota late on Sunday.On December 31, 2011 Shekhar Panchal (23), a student of Pacific College , Udaipur, went missing from the Bohara Ganesh ji locality in Udaipur where he was residing in a rented accommodation.Initially neither his parents nor the police had any idea that Shekhar had been kidnapped, but on January 4 when Shekar's mother got a ransom call demanding Rs one crore and five kg gold, the crime unfolded.During their investigation, police zeroed in on the prime suspect , Bhati, who belonged to Kota. After a blood stained vehicle was seized by Udaipur police, tt was confirmed that the youth was killed.\"Bhati knew Shekhar for a long time. He was in massive financial debts and considered Shekhar as a soft target to earn easy money as he was under the impression that Shekar's father owns a jewellery shop in the Gulf,\" an investigating police officer of the case said on Monday.Despite knowing Bhati was behind the kidnap and murder, it was not an easier task for the police to arrest the accused.\"Almost a fortnight after we increased surveillance in Kota, Bhati fled. Suddenly, we recovered a suicide note and a cotton bag carrying some cloths of the accused from the river in Haridwar. It was to mislead us into thinking that he had committed suicide,\" the officer said.But Udaipur and Kota police continued their look out for him. \"We finally got a tip off that Bhai was back in Kota on Friday evening. And after a confirmation, we raided an area in Kota from where he was arrested,\" an officer with the Kota police said.Asked about the motive of the murder, the officer, said, \"Soon after the abduction, the accused realized that the victim's father was a jeweller and not a jewellery shop owner in the Gulf. So when the victim told him that his father was a normal employee at a jewellery shop, he knew that he would not be able to get the ransom he had asked for and fearing the legal proceedings, he killed the victim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11785313", "title": "Power tariff revision meet turns ugly", "text": "TRICHY: A meeting organised by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) on Monday, to elicit feedback from consumers, particularly the farming community on the proposed tariff revision, turned acrimonious between officials of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) and leaders of various consumer associations who called the meeting an eyewash.While the proposed tariff revision - from the present 75 paise per unit to Rs 1.50 - was sought to be justified by TNEB on account of increased productivity since the advent of liberalisation and escalating consumption powered by consumerism, the consumer representatives saw the meeting, the first-of-its-kind in Trichy, as an attempt to give the tariff increase, a legal sanction.The TNERC had fixed the quantum of subsidy payable by the state government to Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) at Rs 2,071.41 crore and for the current year it might cross the Rs 4,000 crore mark, said an official who did not want to be named, as the matter was yet to be decided.Henceforth, the TNEB would want to charge at the rate of Rs 3 per unit up to 100 units instead of the present Rs 1.30 which was jointly footed by the consumer who paid 75 paise per unit and a government subsidy of 55 paise per unit. If the TNERC gives its nod to the revision, the consumer would have to cough up Rs 1.50 per unit, a 100% increase and the government subsidy would amount to Rs 1.50 from the earlier quantum of 55 paise per unit.About 40 individuals voiced their views before the commission on the proposed tariff increase and how the move would stifle the farming community. The commission was represented by two of its members K Venugopal, and S Nagaisamy who gave a patient hearing.When TANGEDCO director (finance), Rajagopal was answering the concerns of the farmer associations present there, P Ayyakannu of Bharatiya Kisan Sangh lunged to enter into a wordy duel with him over the question of subsidy to farmers. Rajagopal suggested that the board had distributed power free of charge to farmers to the tune of Rs 6,000 crores in the current financial year, to which Ayyakannu contested the figure saying that it was wrongly arrived at because the state provided electricity for a duration of only three hours a day at most of the places.Rajagopal later said that the government was toying with the idea of banning incandescent bulbs once for all and replace them with energy-efficient LED and CFL lighting. The power tariff was not increased between 2003 and 2010 when a minimal increase of Rs one was charged when the units consumed shot up to more than 600. Even as the meeting was on, some members of the Periyar Dravida Kazhagam who barged into the hall voiced that the tariff to multinational companies should be hiked and at the same time power should be made available to small scale industries at lower rates. The angry members were later escorted by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786122", "title": "Enthused by Twitter success, PMO looks to join Facebook", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within days of its debut on Twitter, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) is exploring ways to best utilize the social networking site by addressing grievances of common people. It is also looking at the possibility of having a Facebook account.Noting that the Twitter account -- @PMOIndia -- already has 38,500 followers in just two weeks, an official source said a small office would soon be set up in the PMO to effectively handle communications through social media.Though it will not fall prey to \"professional hecklers\" on the social networking site, the team handling the Twitter account will make it more interactive by answering genuine queries.\"We will take up the matter of people in distress on Twitter. The process of social media is very new for us and things will take time,\" the source said and indicated that the PMO could also offer financial help to those in distress through the Prime Minister's Relief Fund.The PMO is also exploring the option of joining Facebook. According to the source, the existing PMO account on Facebook is not official and is being run by some fans.The PMO took to Twitter on January 23, and has since gathered 38,585 followers. \"It has been very successful,\" the source said, adding that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will interact with the media more than he does at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784925", "title": "CCTV to keep eye on Sadbhavana fast at Bavla", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The district police will be on their toes for chief minister Narendra Modi's day long Sadbhavana fast on Tuesday in Bavla. As many as 65 CCTV cameras have been installed to monitor proceedings inside the venue.The Ahmedabad-Rajkot highway connecting Saurashtra and Kutch will be closed for heavy vehicles following the Sadbhavana fast. The district collectorate has decided to divert heavy vehicles including truck and trailers from the Ahmedabad-Rajkot highway.Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra said that only the state transport buses, car and small vehicles will be allowed to move towards Bavla from Ahmedabad. However, heavy vehicles will have to take a detour. About the security arrangement, Nehra said that 1,000 policemen and jawans of the state reserve police along with 150 police officials have been deployed at the venue. The district administration has issued passes to 80,000 people who will climb up the stage to greet Modi. \"Apart from those wanting to meet the chief minister, we have also issued passes to 16,795 people who will be fasting along with the chief minister at the venue,\" he said.Meanwhile, Congress has organized its own version of fast 'Satkarma' to counter Modi's Sadbhavana in Bavla. Congress leaders Shaktisinh Gohil and Arjun Modhwadia will hold a parallel fast . Modi called upon people to eradicate vote bank policy from the political field and said, \"If others want to follow Gujarat in development sector, they should not merely copy us but, first of all, they must adopt our path of peace, harmony and integrity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785402", "title": "3 AMRI accused sent to jail", "text": "KOLKATA: An Alipore court on Monday sent AMRI director Pronab Dasgupta, vice-president (administration) Preeta Banerjee and night administrative manager Sajid Hossain to jail till February 20. A Calcutta high court division bench is set to hear the bail plea of Emami co-founders R S Agarwal and R S Goenka, also directors on the AMRI board, on Tuesday.Three other AMRI directors - Prasant Goenka, Manish Goenka and Ravi Todi - have also filed a bail plea in the high court after it was turned down by the lower court. Alipore CJM H K Chowdhury also allowed a separate plea to allow investigators to collect handwriting samples of Preeta and Sanjib Pal (AGM - maintenance).The court on Monday witnessed a spirited arguments by Dasgupta's counsel Tapen Roychowdhury, Sajid's advocate Amitabha Ganguly and Preeta's counsel Asoke Mukherjee , who cited the Supreme Court order granting former CPM minister Sushanta Ghosh interim bail. He argued that if a person already chargesheeted - and set to face trail on heinous charges - can be granted bail, why not the AMRI senior executive. The arguments also veered around a 2010 Calcutta high court verdict, later upheld by the Supreme Court, that the principles of vicarious liability (unless one commits the offence themselves) can't be extended to the provisions of the IPC.Public prosecutor Shakti Bhattacharya tried to wedge a divide on the context the ruling was granted saying the high court order was based on a case where an application under section 200 IPC was taken cognizance by the court directly. \"It is different here for here a chargesheet is yet to be filed - and the court therefore is yet to take cognizance. The context of the ruling is completely different,\" he told the court. Bhattacharya, however, didn't comment on the Sushanta Ghosh case reference. \"As a public prosecutor, it would not be appropriate to comment on an order delivered by a superior court on a different matter,\" he said.Meanwhile, Roychowdhury argued, \"Dasgupta is not the occupier (of the AMRI premises as defined in the state Fire Services Act), the licence is not in his name and he has nothing to do with the hospital construction. This court has already granted bail to the occupier - Mani Chhetri (the hospital license was issued in his name). Police could have asked for custody, but they didn't. It is a preposterous allegation that he may abscond and tamper with evidence. Moreover, if your honour considers the apex court judgment, the court has only to consider the section 285 IPC (mishandling fire so that it may hurt others), which is bailable and other sections (11C, 11J and 11L) of the state Fire Services Act where Dasgupta isn't an occupier.\" Roychowdhury also said, \"Dasgupta had suffered two knee replacement surgeries and his continued detention is causing not just a trauma to him but also two his two children and his wife.\"The public prosecutor countered, \"There is nothing to suggest that Dasgupta's health has deteriorated. Chhetri was in SSKM from January 27 night - the day he was arrested. His bail was considered since he was very sick and infirm that he couldn't even be produced in court. And it isn't a fact that they were completely unaware that rules were being flouted. No director parked their own car in the basement - the sanctioned car parking space. For they knew the car parking there was converted to office-cum-warehouse. How can they be completely unaware?\"Mukherjee said Preetha wasn't in hospital on the day of the incident. \"After that she'd been to Lalbazar everytime she'd been summoned. She looked after the administration and the communication between other group companies\", he said. Ganguly also argued that Sajid was a night administrative manager, neither a technician, electrician nor a fire expert.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786494", "title": "Cops want buntings down to ward off communal trouble", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of the prevailing atmosphere in the city, police have initiated steps for the removal of flags and buntings put up across the city for Milad-un Nabi. While Sunday's processions were largely peaceful, senior officers who monitored the police bandobust, felt that the religious fervour was noticeably high this year compared to previous years. Around 30,000 people participated in the 42 Milad processions organised in the South Zone, which was about 7,000 more than the previous year's figure.In 2010, communal clashes were witnessed in the Old City after a group tried to remove religious buntings put up by another community. Given the recent communal attacks during Bakrid and large turnout for processions, all police stations in South Zone and some in West Zone were asked to stay alert till Hanuman Jayanti on April 6.\"The process of removing buntings will start from Monday night with the support of peace committee members and GHMC authorities,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), South Zone, Manish Kumar Sinha said. \"Among the 30,000 participants, there were hardly 30 trouble-makers who caused some minor problems. Otherwise, it was a well-behaved and well-organized event this year,\" the DCP added.The West Zone police have also initiated the process of removal of flags and buntings. \"We will ask the organisers to remove buntings. If they fail to comply, then GHMC workers will do it with our assistance,\" additional DCP, West Zone, R Ravinder Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786417", "title": "Youths protest before MCG office demanding wages for census work", "text": "GURGAON: On Monday, hundreds of people, mostly youngsters, were seen protesting in front of the Municipal Council of Gurgaon's (MCG) office for not being paid for the job of data entry that they did during the ongoing socio-economic and caste census last year. In November 2011, the MCG had invited applications from individuals for doing the data entry work in the ongoing socio-economic and caste census. MCG's ad had met with good response as the job offered decent salary and it especially appealed to the youth.Hundreds of youngsters from Gurgaon and nearby areas like Nuh and Mewat had applied and been a part of the census, hoping to earn quick money but their dreams turned sour as they didn't receive their salary, even after three months. On Monday, they ran out of their patience and held a dharna in front of the MCG office, demanding that their payment be released at the earliest. The youngsters allege that each of them were asked to cover four blocks and were promised to be paid Rs 7,000 per month.\"They clearly told us that they will give us an appointment letter and an identity card which has not been given to us so far. And since they have not given these, we are not even hoping to get the experience letter as promised. They said initially that the work will be for just one month in which we will be paid Rs 7,000. However, they also informed us that in case the work period gets extended, we will be paid according to the number of days we have worked. However it has been over three months and none of us have been paid even a penny,\" said Jeevan Prakash.Another youngster, Tarun Bansal said, \"There are hundreds of people like us who have been cheated. Each one of us has spent thousands of rupees on travel and the authorities are now not even willing to listen to us. They are being rude and claim they never promised us any amount. On top of it, they claim that we did a shoddy job and we have not been able to enter accurate data in the computer tablet they provided us. But these are mere excuses. The census work has almost come to an end and we are not even sure if we will be paid our due.\" There are a total of 2,353 blocks in the MCG area where 591 enumerators and 99 supervisors were to be deputed.The survey was to be completed by December 31 last year. According to sources, the MCG could have avoided the ugly situation had its employees been not in the habit of dereliction of duty. \"Initially, the census work was supposed to be carried by the MCG employees themselves, but as is the case in every census or election duty, a majority of them excused themselves on frivolous grounds and therefore we had to outsource this work,\" said an MCG official. The work was outsourced to NVR Associate Limited. TOI contacted Rahul Rathee, a NVR Associate official, who refused to comment on the issue. Meanwhile, MCG officials denied having a role in the issuance of the ad and they said they had outsourced the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786496", "title": "Man tries to kill self, wife; drowns in bid", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A man who tried to commit suicide along with his wife ended up killing himself at Mannanthala here on Monday. The dead has been identified as A K Rajesh (34). The incident occurred in the wee hours of Monday. According to police, Rajesh reached his home at Kunnukuzhi by 12am drunk and picked up a quarrel with his wife, Painkili. In a fit of rage, he dragged Painkili into his Maruti 800 car and sped off frantically.The couple reached Mannanthala by 1am.Painkili told the police that Rajesh actually intended to drive the car straight into a canal at Mannanthala and drown themselves to death. However, the car lost control, swerved off and rammed into a concrete embankment on the side of the canal. Rajesh then pulled himself out of the car and also dragged his wife out. He pushed Painkili into the canal and then jumped into it still holding on to her.The police said that Painkili got submerged almost neck-deep in the water. However, she wriggled herself out of his clutches and managed to get back on the shore. By that time Rajesh had drowned. Painkili ran into a nearby church and recounted what had happened. The church authorities later told police that Painkili appeared totally shaken and completely drenched.The police and fire force soon reached the spot and started a search for Rajesh. His body was recovered by 2am. The police have registered a case of unnatural death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11786913", "title": "A big fat Indian wedding for Mick Jagger's daughter in Goa", "text": "LONDON: 'Rolling Stone' star Mick Jagger's daughter Jade is set to wed her DJ boyfriend Adrian Fillary in Goa.The 40-year-old jewellery designer split from her longterm partner Dan Williams last year, reported Daily Mail.Fillary proposed to Jade in India last month and even phoned Mick to ask for his daughter's hand. Jade has a house and jewellery design shop on the beach in Goa as well. \"It's going to be quite a big wedding,\" a friend said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11786815", "title": "Bal Bharati welcomes Basant", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Bal Bharati Public School, Dugri, celebrated the onset of Basant in a spectacular style on Monday. The campus was beautifully decorated and beats of dhol reverberated in the nooks and corners.The cold and foggy winter morning was soon forgotten as students, dressed in traditional Punjabi attire, urged people to join them in welcoming Basant - a season of growth and prosperity.The vibrant Rajasthani dance on the son, 'Assi gaj ka mora ghagra' made even the most reluctant student dance. Principal Punam Dogra kicked off the fete by releasing the balloons. The children enjoyed events like shoe-fly shoe, chocolate wheel, hoola loop, hit me, quoits, magneti charm, bulls eye and kill the rat. Dance and kite-flying competitions seemed to occupy the top of kids' priority list as they even competed against their parents.While art lovers enjoyed taking part in painting and rangoli competitions, the singing stars exercised their vocal chords and dedicated songs of their choice to near and dear ones. The antakshari contest seemed to be a favourite among age groups. A souvenir - Basant Utsav 2012 - was released on the occasion. The cute tiny-tots charmed all during the healthy baby contest. A healthy vegetable/fruit salad competition proved to be nutritious outing for the judges. The special attraction of the day was a dental checkup camp. The fair ended with an exciting raffle draw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11784489", "title": "TMT bus runs over woman", "text": "THANE: A woman aged 33 was killed on Ghodbunder Road on Monday when a Thane Municipal Transport (TMT) bus ran over her.Tejal Hadkar, a resident of Pride Park, Ghodbunder Road, was riding a scooty with her sister-in-law Arundhati as pillion. The two-wheeler skid, throwing off both. Before they could collect themselves, the TMT bus, which was close behind, ran over Hadkar. Arundhati, too, was hit, but escaped with injuries.The bus driver, Arun Jadhav, presented himself at the Thane town police station. He was arrested, but later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785531", "title": "Mediation on Agneepath song fails to resolve dispute", "text": "NAGPUR: The controversy over the copyright issue on the song 'Oh Saiyan' from Karan Johar's movie Agneepath is not showing any signs of dying down. On Monday, the session court attempted to resolve the issue through mediation but failed as both parties refused to lower their guard. Now, the dispute would be solved legally from where it began on January 23. However, the disagreement between both parties has ensured a long battle in the offing.Mediator appointed by the court Sumant Deopujari told TOI that the mediation attempt failed and he referred the case back to the lower court of third district and additional session judge PV Ganediwala. He refused to spell out any details regarding the mediation discussion citing court orders. Among celebrated music composer duo, Ajay skipped the hearing while Atul was present along with other officials from Dharma Productions. Though the mediator started hearing in early evening, curious onlookers crowded the mediation centre on the premises of Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court since afternoon.Complainant Aditya Salankar, who accused the renowned producer-director Johar and his Mumbai-based firm Dharma Productions of lifting his copyright song for their remake of Agneepath, refused to part with details as per court's orders but stated that he would be releasing his album 'Kaira' next month where the original song having lyrics 'Teri Meri Kahani Adhoori' would feature. \"The negotiations hovered around the same topic but I categorically told them that I will not accept any amount as the part of settlement.\"He added that the purpose of Dharma Productions was already solved as movie and song was released and it's been aired on the music channels. \"We will examine if any contempt of court happened,\" he said.During last hearing, mediator Deopujari conducted a marathon introductory session for opponents before deferring the hearing. The trouble started on January 23 when the sessions judge restrained defendants including Johar and Sony Music , from screening the song and also its compact disc composition or performance on the suit filed by Salankar claiming that song sung by Roop Kumar Rathod was indeed a copy of one penned by him.HC asks NMC to provide toiletsThe Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Monday disposed of a suo motu petition by asking the NMC to expedite process of building public toilets. A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale issued these directions after SK Mishra appearing for NMC informed that they have prepared a master plan and had sought funds from the centre under JNNURM. Uday Dastane was amicus curiae in the PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785987", "title": "Cabinet nod for Science City in Patna in next fiscal", "text": "PATNA: The cabinet clearance of an ambitious programme of the state government to establish a Science City at Patna and two new planetariums, one each at Darbhanga and Gaya, in all likelihood, would now occur in the next financial year, as the nagging problem of getting the required land for at least two of them is still in the process of actualization.Moreover, attractive features, called 'events' in the lingua of science and technology department, that Science City and the two planetariums would have for enjoyment by children and the interested public from the point of view of mass science awareness is also still in the process of shortlisting, even as the details of other attractive features that befit them have already been collected.\"The establishment of the Science City at Patna and planetariums at Darbhanga and Gaya is the decision of the government (read CM Nitish Kumar ). It is in process,\" said science and technology department director Shribhagwan Singh. It is learnt from the department sources that the CM had evinced his interest in the establishment of the Science City at Patna and the two planetariums at Darbhanga and Gaya in July last year at the review meeting to assess activities of the Bihar State Science Council that is located on the premises of the Indira Gandhi Planetarium complex here. Accordingly, giving his concurrence to their establishment, the CM also directed both the council and its parent science and technology department to take necessary suitable steps in this regard.The Science City would require at least 20 acres of land, and each of the planetariums three acres. In response to the move of the department, the Patna DM has agreed to provide 20 acres of land on the north of Moinul Haq Stadium (Saidpur, Patna) and behind Premchand Rangshala for Science City. Similarly, three acres of Darbhanga polytechnic campus have been identified for the planetarium at Darbhanga, while Gaya DM has given his concurrence to identify and transfer the land to the department.\"The actual cost of the projects would be known only after other attractive features of the Science City and the new planetariums are decided,\" said an official, adding that crucial meetings in this regard are to be held this month with the chief architect of the building construction department and other officials concerned. Yet, on a tentative estimate, the project cost of one planetarium would be around Rs 60 crore and that of the Science City around Rs 100 crore.However, seven main features of the planetarium complex have been identified for discussion -- planetarium, Science Museum, auditorium, Laser Theatre, Temporary Exhibition Hall, Art Gallery and cafetaria. As for the Science City at Patna, the information on respective features of the ones already existing at Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Jullunder have been collected, and now, they would be compared and shortlisted through a detailed discussion for implantation here. It, however, would have to be matched with the area of the available 20 acres of land behind Premchand Rangshala that the Patna DM has assured to transfer to the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11787568", "title": "Political rallies remain devoid of Bollywood tadka", "text": "VARANASI: Even as the election campaigning is promising to reach its peak with the district going to polls on February 15, it is devoid of Bollywood tadka unlike the last assembly elections that had seen a number of film stars being roped in to lure voters.While most of the election offices (some of them being made in makeshift centres) are wearing a deserted look with activists and supporters busy in door-to-door campaigning to mobilise the voters, the entertainment part of the campaigning is nowhere to be seen, reducing it to a more serious affair this time. Also, most political parties are focusing on young leaders to project them as star campaigners to attract voters and thus film stars have been mostly conspicuous by their absence from the election rallies so far.In the Samajwadi Party (SP), this time election campaigning has mostly revolved around young leader Akhilesh Yadav with SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav addressing election rallies. In the last assembly elections, there was a series of whirlwind election campaigning with a number of Bollywood stars roped in to attract voters. The list included Sanjay Dutt, Jaya Prada and Jaya Bachchan besides a long list of Bhojpuri stars like Manoj Tewari and Ravi Kissen. The stars not only entertained the voters but also provided light moments during hectic and brisk election campaigning, said one of the supporters of SP on Monday.A number of film stars had landed in the city with Amar Singh (general secretary of SP at that time) being the driving force behind their gathering. After leaving SP, Amar Singh has formed 'Lokmanch', which is striving to make its presence felt in east UP region. The Ramlila Ground of Bhojubir was buzzing with presence of Bollywood stars from April 28 to April 30, 2007 after the region went for polls on May 3 in 2007.Similarly, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, who has already launched a whirlwind election campaigning in different parts of the state, has gone for hectic road shows along with Congress president Sonia Gandhi to kick start campaigning in the city.It seems that the stringent implementation of the model code of conduct by the Election Commission and limitation of expenses by candidates for election campaigning have restricted the entry of Bollywood stars. In addition, most of the political parties have realised that a large turnout of voters to see Bollywood stars does not necessarily convert into votes to make big difference in the elections. \"All this has taken away the glamour and entertainment out of the election campaigning,\" said Ram Patel, an octogenarian in Lanka, who is gearing to cast vote for the eighth time.The absence of Bollywood stars, however, has given enough time for senior party leaders to interact with the voters and public gathering at the rally sites.A number of leaders like Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, BJP president Nitin Gadkari, Sushma Swaraj, veteran communist leader AB Bardhan, BSP leader Satish Chandra Misra, SP leader Shivpal Singh Yadav and JD (U) leader Sharad Yadav in different parts of east UP on Monday clearly reflected that there was not much space for movie stars. Election campaigning has already turned into a serious business this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784591", "title": "Rajasthan plans to compete with Gujarat in BT cotton production", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to keep a check on child labour migration from Rajasthan to Gujarat, the state government has decided to compete with Gujarat in production of BT cotton.To promote BT cotton production in the state, the government will distribute certified seeds for free and impart training to the famers in the entire tribal region in South Rajasthan, including Udaipur division.The migration of labour, including children, has always been a cause of concern for the state government. It has now set up various check posts on the routes leading to Gujarat to check child labour trafficking. Also, various task forces have been constituted to check trafficking in the neighbouring districts of Gujarat.\"Whatever process Gujarat government has adopted, we have adopted the same here for BT cotton production. We are deciding on how to increase its production in the state to check migration,\" state rural development and panchayati raj minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya said.While addressing various NGO and state government officials at a programme on child labour on Monday, he said, \"BT cotton is a cash crop and we want tribals in the adjoining areas of Udaipur and other districts to grow it.\"Government plans to encourage BT cotton production in Girwa, Kherwada, Mavli, Vallabhnagar, Kotda, Jhadol and Salumber areas of Udaipur division, which has witnessed migration of labour, especially child labour, to Gujarat.He said people have always migrated from south Rajasthan, either to other states or other countries for work. \"The state government has launched Rozgar Guarantee Scheme, which is successfully giving jobs to the people and a chance to earn their livelihoods in their hometowns,\" he said.Malviya added, \"Now, we have been informed that Gujarat is having trouble since labourers were not coming from Rajasthan to Gujarat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787195", "title": "Traffic diversion at Adyar scrapped", "text": "CHENNAI: The traffic diversions that were implemented in Adyar on Saturday have been scrapped by the traffic police. The old arrangement was put back in place on Sunday. \"Though it eased up the traffic on Lattice Bridge Road, traffic on the East Coast Road was affected badly,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora.Arora said too many buses going in and out of the Tiruvanmiyur terminus compounded the problem.\"Commuters who were going to Adyar from ECR took a left on to the 22nd East Street. Immediately, they had to take another right to 4th Main Road that led to LB Road. This distance was too short and couldn't accommodate the buses leaving and heading towards the Tiruvanmiyur terminus and this wasn't considered in the new plan,\" said Arora.The idea was suggested by filmmaker Suresh Menon, who reasoned that there would be a continuous flow of traffic without the need for a signal. The plan included a circular route with a series of one-ways.According to Menon's plan, people heading to the city on ECR were permitted to take a left on 22nd East Street to get to Adyar. The right turn to South Avenue Road was not allowed and a right to 4th Main Road towards LB Road was made compulsory.Commuters were clearly not amused. \"A similar plan was tried earlier and was dropped immediately. Both times, the chaos was totally out of control,\" said C Sekar, a commuter.\"The residents of 4th Main Road objected to the new plan. There were no proper sign boards that gave clear direction. I also observed that people would rather wait for 10 minutes than go slowly,\" said Menon.Cinematographer Suresh Menon had suggested a system to regulate traffic at the congested LB junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785388", "title": "Over 2L tourists from Pune visited J&K; in 2011", "text": "PUNE: In the last one year, the city accounted for almost 40% of six lakh tourists from the state visiting Jammu &amp; Kashmir, prompting J&K; to offer bigger and better tourism opportunities to Pune and Maharashtra, said director of Jammu &amp; Kashmir tourism, Farooq Shah here on Monday.He was in the city to discuss opportunities for the forthcoming tourist season with tour operators. \"Jammu &amp; Kashmir has bounced back and repositioned itself as the foremost tourist destination in the country. Last year, it received around 13 lakh domestic tourists, the highest yet. This year, we hope to see this figure doubled,\" Shah added.Around 25 tour operators participated in the meeting organised in association with the city-based NGO Sarhad.\"Since 2006, J&K; has been receiving maximum number of tourists from Maharashtra, particularly Pune, followed by Gujarat and West Bengal. Among the 13 lakh tourists, who visited the state last year, about one-third were from Maharashtra,\" said Shah, whose visit is aimed at garnering an enthusiastic response from local tour operators.\"We want to focus on Pune and its adjoining regions and cities, because it's a very good tourism market for J&amp;K.; Lots of people from these regions want to visit our state. Our domestic market is quite huge with approximately 16 crore tourists within India. It would benefit J&K; even to receive about 5% of this number,\" he said.Based on the numbers registered last year, Shah said the state has no competitors as far as the tourism industry is concerned. Jammu is famous for pilgrim tourism with the Vaishno Devi temple receiving one crore pilgrims in 2011, the highest number of tourists yet. Ladakh is known for adventure tourism and received two lakh tourists last year, and Kashmir is a shoppers' paradise. The Gulmarg ski resort is the best in India,\" he said.The upswing in J&K;'s popularity among tourists has been steady. \"In 2010, we had only six lakh domestic tourists. In 2011, the number went up to 13 lakh. The state has a huge tourism potential as this sector can provide employment to about 70% of J&K;'s population,\" Shah said.Private-public partnership is being encouraged to develop J&K;'s tourism potential with better roads, connectivity, power and accommodation. \"We are the only state that has around 20 development authorities and all tourist spots have been put under these authorities for complete development. This includes preparation of master plans for water supply and other facilities. This is because, from the government's side, we don't want to make hotels and restaurants. We want the private sector to flourish. We are focusing on connectivity and all the roads leading to existing famous resorts are being upgraded: right from Srinagar to Gulmarg, Sonmarg, Pahalgam and other destinations. Wayside facilities like public convenience, restaurants and resting places are also being spruced up,\" Shah said.Currently, 22 daily flights provide air connectivity to J&amp;K.; Trade within J&K; is also being regulated to boost safe tourism. \"We want our connectivity to improve. We are the only state that has its own Tourist Trade Act, and have our own tourism police. Tourist-related matters are resolved within three hours. Most importantly, Jammu &amp; Kashmir is safe. People should trust us and visit us more often,\" Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785641", "title": "Kesco joins Facebook", "text": "KANPUR: The social networking sites today have become a major tool of communication and networking. The latest to join the bandwagon is Kesco, which has made available its link on Facebook, with a view to connect to the locals of the city.The move of Kesco administration also aims to spread awareness among the residents of the city regarding latest developments, new schemes launched, energy conservation programmes and several other campaigns initiated sooner or later. The Kesco management feels that connecting with masses through Facebook would also help in getting feedback.Kesco MD Ritu Maheshwari told TOI said that Facebook has become an important tool of communication. With maximum number of people using this social networking site these days, it would be easy for the company to connect with them. She said: \"People are consumers and we want to connect with them and get their feedback. It would give us a good opportunity to provide better services to consumers.\"Maheshwari said that almost a week back, the work of uploading images and information about Kesco and its services on Facebook started but the link on Kesco's website was officially launched on Monday.The MD said that a consumer would have to look on to www.kesco.co.in which would open the homepage of the website, where the link for getting connected to Facebook has been provided.Kesco has made available the pictures and information of the activities done by it so far on Facebook. The information is on various activities like Kesco taking part in a seminar in IIT-Kanpur last year or its participation in the Kanpur Mahotsava. The information about the launch of single window system, online cash centre and Kesco priority card distribution is also there on Facebook page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11786060", "title": "Land sharks swallow floodplains", "text": "NOIDA: With the administrative machinery preoccupied with the upcoming Assembly elections, land sharks in Gautam Budh Nagar district are making the most of the situation. Thousands of acres of fertile land in the floodplains of the Hindon are being usurped by the land mafia and sold to \"unsuspecting\" buyers for constructing houses. Despite repeated complaints from environmentalists, the district administration hasn't taken steps to check the rampant encroachment.The encroached land is spread over an area of 15 km straddling the floodplains of the river. Located off the Noida-Greater Noida link road near Sector 122 and at a stone's throw away from the Noida Extension-Greater Noida area, illegal structures have mushroomed from Hindon Pushta along NH-24 up to Kulesra in Greater Noida. This entire area falls under the flood zone, where all construction activity is banned.Unfortunately, no tangible measures are being taken to stop the illegal construction. Sub-divisional district magistrate, Gyanendra Singh confirmed that \"all construction in the flood zone is in violation of the existing laws. It obstructs natural river flow, thereby hindering flood-control measures. It also poses a threat to the environment,\" he said.Being sold at prices ranging from Rs 7,000 to Rs 15,000 per square metre, the illegal plots are finding many takers. \"Local real estate dealers are keeping buyers in the dark regarding the court orders on the floodplains,\" Singh told TOI. \"They assume that once the colonies are built, the administration will not demolish them,\" he added.Meanwhile, the administration has promised to formally crackdown on land grabbers. \"The floodplains have been witnessing constant encroachment and illegal construction. We periodically issue notices and warnings against all construction activity in the flood zone and have alerted the district police officials about the growing menace. The registrar's office has also been asked to take precautions against registration of plots within 120 sqm as they are too small for agriculture purposes and could be used to build houses,\" Singh explained.\"We will take immediate action and demolish all unauthorized construction in the area,\" said Singh.In April, in an attempt to rid the area of \"unauthorized\" construction, Noida and Greater Noida authorities had decided to acquire around 25 hectares of the floodplain area along the northern tip of the Hindon river from the state irrigation department and develop it as a green belt. A few months later, Noida Authority floated the idea of allotting the floodplain area on the west side of the river to residents on a 'first come first served basis' for growing flowers. Both these plans are yet to see the light of day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11786135", "title": "Employment opportunity in IT industry discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The third session of the ongoing workshop on employment opportunity and requirement in IT industry being held at Iswar Saran Degree College was addressed by Dr Narendra Shukla of JK Institute, Allahabad University on Monday.Shukla said the students looking for jobs in IT Industry must have reasonable aptitude, working knowledge of basic mathematics and good communication skills in English. For facing the interview to enter the IT industry the candidate must have a great amount of self confidence and a good and basic knowledge of his subject of interest.Dr Shukla further removed several myths prevalent about the IT Industry. These include a great money can be earned through IT Jobs, only engineers can enter into IT Jobs, leadership qualities and soft skills don't matter in IT industry, all work related to IT is done in US and India is a giant in software development and China is a giant in hardware design. At last Dr Shukla told the students that the following jobs are available in galore in IT Industry and software development, computer support specialist, sales and support, hardware design, technical servicing, technical trainers, database administration and web administration, etc.The valedictory session of the workshop was addressed by Prof K K Bhutani, director, UPTEC, Allahabad. While speaking on the occasion Dr Bhutani emphasized to the students that technology in general and computer technology in particular needs compulsory knowledge of English and we can learn English without being English. English is the window to the world and this language is must for dealing with information communication technology (ICT). Echoing former president Dr APJ Kalam, Bhutani said students India can become a super power by 2020 as it has the great business potential in Information Communication Technology (ICT) and in Information Communication Technology Enabled Services (ICTES).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785858", "title": "Setting the record straight", "text": "PANAJI: The Museum of Christian Art (MOCA) has been in the news over the last week and there has been an extent of misinformation/incorrect statements appearing. The objective of this note is to set the records right.Three years prior to the inauguration of the museum in 1994, Teotonio R De Sousa, then director of Xavier Center of Historical Research had been entrusted to prepare an inventory of art objects in churches and main chapels of Goa, which he did so with field assistance of Fausto Colaco and Felix Ferrao. Based on this inventory, Maria Helena Mendes Pinto (curator of Arte Antiga, Lisbon) and M da Conceicao Borges (of the same museum) after a round through churches and chapels made a final selection of the art objects to be displayed in the museum. It is unfortunate that a few volumes of this inventory disappeared from the museum when at Rachol. Victor Hugo Gomes, a graduate in fine arts, was appointed as junior curator. His main task was to collect the selected objects from the churches and the chapels. He left the services of the museum around four months after its inauguration.We can justifiably say that the museum has one of the finest catalogues of items on display, in India. The inputs to the catalogue have been culled from the inventory produced by qualified museologists from Gulbenkian and MOCA and with the support of professional photographers. To say that the museum has no inventory is displaying total ignorance of fact or deliberate attempt to malign.Providing security cover for a museum involves providing security guards and electronic surveillance and the extent of coverage by both depends on the budget available. MOCA had been sanctioned an initial budget of 3 lakh by the government for meeting the costs of security guards, subsequently increased to 4.5 lakh in recent years. Within this limited budget only four guards could be paid for doing duty at the museum on a 24-hour basis. It is unfortunate that there was only one guard at the time around the change of shift on the evening of January 25, 2012, a lapse on the part of the security contractor for which explanation has been sought, as our contract with them stipulates that at any given time there would be two guards at the museum. For the other systems that were put in place, MOCA had to find its own funds. It was able to do so but only to the extent of a CCTV system and a burglar alarm system. The CCTV system was used mainly for surveillance of visitors and it did not have a recording system. Frequent power outages and severe voltage surges often caused damage to the equipment and frequently resulted in erratic functioning and false alarms from the alarm system. Because of this and the risk of a short circuit resulting in fire, a set of keys were kept with the security in charge. Security at MOCA was provided to prevent theft and burglary. What took place at MOCA on January 25 was dacoity. The cost of provision of armed guards would have been outside our budget. With regard to insurance cover, it may be noted that when MOCA tried to insure the museum and its objects, we were informed that there were no schemes in India to insure museums because of the high and indeterminable antiquity value of the objects and even if it were possible the premium involved would have been extremely high. We were also informed that government owned and sponsored museums are not insured but usually function under a sovereign guarantee.MOCA had no role to play in either receiving or disbursing of funds for setting up the museum. Gulbenkian Foundation and INTACH, who funded the project, handled this between them and on completion handed the museum to the Museum of Christian Art Society. No funds were provided by either Gulbenkian or INTACH to the museum for its operation. This was solely the responsibility of the Museum of Christian Art Society. A fund collecting arm of the museum, 'Amigos de Rachol' under the chairmanship of Bal Mundkur set out to collect funds through donations for the museum and advertisements for a souvenir brochure. The ambitious target of collection was not met and we were told by 'Amigos de Rachol' that this was because expenses incurred were high. The museum finally received a sum of 1.6 lakh towards the corpus fund and copies of the brochure for sale through the museum shop.In hindsight, it has become clear that the security systems in place were inadequate for this kind of armed assault on the museum which has resulted in the loss of life of a guard and the loss of five precious items of gold. Subsequently the museum has already taken steps to enhance security in all respects to prevent any repeat attempt at dacoity in its premises. We appeal to all heritage lovers to volunteer with funds and services towards the protection of the precious items in the museum and come forward with constructive suggestions as opposed to virulent attacks on the committee members who are giving a lot of their time and energy, with no personal gain, for the preservation of Goa's heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785932", "title": "Sameer Salgaocar to contest as independent from Mandrem", "text": "PANAJI: Much to the relief of the BJP, Sameer Salgaocar, son of Sanvordem MLA and mine owner Anil Salgaocar, who was a strong contender for the Congress ticket in Mandrem, resigned from the Congress party on Monday. He will now contest as an independent from Mandrem.He submitted his resignation to Congress general secretary Artur Sequeira at the Congress House on Monday. Stating that the Congress party had no value for loyalists, Salgaocar said he was denied a party ticket after having worked for the last seven years for the party.He lost the party nomination to Dayanand Sopte, former BJP legislator from Pernem who joined the Congress a few months ago. Salgaocar was of the view that he had lost the ticket because of \"wrong information about Mandrem\" given to the high command by some state Congressmen.He admitted that the denial of a party ticket to him was actually a blessing in disguise. He said that as there is an anti-Congress wave in the state, him contesting as an independent candidate from Mandrem would attract more voters. About supporting the future government if it got elected, Salgaocar left this issue up to his father.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jahanagunj (up)", "code": "11787305", "title": "The Islamic fine print on weavers that Rahul missed", "text": "JAHANAGUNJ (UP): It is a moment that comes frequently these days in the talent-rich but squalid homes of eastern UP's weavers, when families nurturing an ancient craft get crushed under modern day reality.That is the moment when a weaver sells the biggest, most valuable asset he has: his loom, and flees from his life of poverty to menial jobs in West Asia.The skinny Abu Saad, 23, is fighting that moment and has witnessed it countless times in the weavers' hub of Jahanagunj 70 km north of Varanasi. The most compelling was when his best friend Ansar Ahmed sold his family loom and went away two years ago to work as a hospital sweeper in the Saudi city of Dammam.This winter, Saad has another crucial asset with which he wants to make a statement: his vote.More than 2.5 lakh weavers - mostly Muslims - have become a key constituency with political parties aggressively reaching out to them ahead of UP's crucial elections. The charge was led by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who prodded the Centre into a Rs. 6,230 crore package aimed at 13 lakh weavers countrywide - but timed mainly for the UP elections.But in this rural hub where houses are partly collapsed, looms largely silent, youth sit aimlessly and muck line the streets, Abu Saad said Gandhi's package is an eyewash that won't touch their lives.Its centerpiece is providing subsidised loans, and other assistance towards better availability of credit. \"How can Rahul Gandhi and the government be so out of touch with our lives?\" said Saad, as he stood outside the main mosque in the rural hub. \"Don't they know that most of us do not like to take loans because the Quran does not allow us?\"The Centre's package will let individuals get credit card-based loans of up to Rs 2 lakh for three years without collaterals. Using an interest subsidy of 3 per cent, banks will be able to lend at 7 to 8 per cent to the weavers. The local traders' association called the package statistical jugglery with no significant new assistance. Even for those who might sign up, none of the gains have yet reached the weavers on election eve.\"We haven't got anything from this package so far. This is all for middlemen,\" said 55-year-old weaver Abrar Ahmed.Eastern UP's weaving industry with the Banarasi sari as its most famous brand has collapsed. Thousands of weavers who were once considered among India's best artisans now live in slums.\"Earlier people sold jewellery and went to Saudi. Now they sell their looms,\" said Saad. One loom sells for Rs 50,000 and often three have to be sold to bear the expenses of going to Saudi Arabia .With no other skill, artisans are forced to lead menial lives there as goat grazers, sweepers or labour.Previously too, politicians have sought to reach out to weavers. As CM, Mulayam Singh Yadav promised them 18-hour electricity. Mayawati has accused the Centre of not doing enough.But little has changed in their disintegrating lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmaer", "code": "11784422", "title": "Forest officials to blame in chinkara case: Army", "text": "JAISALMAER: Army authorities on Monday claimed that the accusation of the forest department that they were not helping to investigate the chinkara poaching case was grossly misleading.In its counter claim, the army authorities said they constituted a court of inquiry (CoI) on November 25, 2011 soon after the incident and it was inordinately delayed due to non-cooperation of the forest officials. They said army witnesses were examined by the CoI in the first three days of its constitution. However, one Sukh Singh, who has been named as the main accused by the army, has not been apprehended so far even after informing the forest officials and local police about him.Moreover, district forest official B R Bhadu, named as a witness in the case, has not honoured the CoI's three summons served to him and others concerned on December 14 and December 25 in 2011 and January 12, 2012 through the court of ACJM, Barmer, the army authorities said. Fresh summons have also been served to the essential witnesses to present themselves before CoI, they said.The army authorities in a press communique further claimed that right from the beginning, the army had gone out of its way to co-operate with the forest department officials and even offered to hold a joint investigation, i.e., a court of inquiry comprising members from the army as well as the forest department. The proposal was also rejected by the forest dept officials, the communique said.It claimed that the forest department officials are the main witnesses to establish the charge against the accused persons and therefore their non co-operation in this regard is likely to result into miscarriage of justice.In its judgment dated December 24, 2011, the Court of ACJM Barmer has held that in the case of BR Bhadu, DFO, Barmer Vs Maj AK Dharwal, it is beyond its comprehension as to why the forest department officials are not co-operating with the army CoI. The court had reposed full faith in the army CofI and disagreed with the contention of the forest department.The army authorities have now said if the forest department officials fail to honour the last summons served upon them through the court of ACJM, Barmer, the army authorities will have no option but to conclude the court of inquiry without their evidence and proceed further with hearing of charge against the accused army personnel. under these circumstances, the forest department shall be held responsible for miscarriage of justice, if any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786469", "title": "GHMC hunting for \u2018ineligible\u2019 health officers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eighteen assistant medical officers of health (AMOHs) attached with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) are under the Medical Council of India (MCI) and Director of Health (DoH)'s scanner.Educational and other certificates submitted by them at the time of appointment are now being verified by the Director of Health in the wake of an inquiry taken up recently by the Lok Ayukta. The Lok Ayukta took suo motu cognizance of complaints that some AMOHs with the corporation were not eligible for the post.Sources said that two issues were being probed by the Director of Health, the parent body of medical officers.The DoH officers want to ascertain whether the medical officers in question hold any valid qualification in public health. The probe would also establish whether the certificates produced by them, especially the diplomas, were genuine or fake.\"Some medical officers have been claiming that they acquired diplomas from the Annamalai University, while some even claim that they have foreign degrees. All that is being verified now by the MCI,\" a senior GHMC officer told TOI.The official said persons holding a Diploma in Public Health along with an MBBS degree would be eligible for recruitment as a medical officer of health by civic bodies. The AMOHs are responsible for checking the outbreak of epidemics like diarrhoea due to water and food contamination apart from overseeing sanitation works. Every municipal circle has an AMOH in-charge of health and sanitation works.Some doctors managed to get postings without a degree or diploma in public health. The GHMC officials did not bother to verify whether they were eligible for recruitment by the corporation.Now, after the Lok Ayukta asked it to furnish the educational qualifications of its medical officers, the GHMC commissioner has written to the DoH seeking details. While sending that data on medical officers, it asked MCI to authenticate their certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "categor y - films ", "code": "11790081", "title": "Mirchi Music Awards Bangla 2011 - Winners", "text": "Categor y - FILMS : 1. Song of the year - Gobhire Jao (film - Baishey Srabon) 2. Album of the year - Baishey Srabon 3. Best Music Composer - Debajyoti Mishra (song Sahar ballad, film Urochithi) 4. Best Lyricist - Anupam Roy (song Gobhire jao, film - Baishey Srabon) 5. Best Male Vocalist - Pratul Mukherjee (song Ek je chhilo Burun - film Gosain Baganer Bhoot) 6. Best Female Vocalist - Shreya Ghoshal (song Jaani dekha hawbe - film Jaani Dekha Hawbe) 7. Best Upcoming Male Vocalist - Subhajit Mukhopadhyay (song Aami achhi - film Kagojer Bou) 8. Best Upcoming Female Vocalist - Sukanya Ghosh (song Dela nada - film Urochithi) 9. Best Upcoming Music Composer - Gaurab Chatterjee (song Shunya theke shuru kore, film - Kagojer Bou) 10. Best Upcoming Lyricist - Anupam Roy (song Gobhire jao, film Baishey Srabon)Mirchi Listeners' Choice Award Song of the Year - Ekbar bol (singer Anupam Roy)Mirchi Listeners' Choice Award Album of the Year - Baishey SrabonCategory Films - (Technical) 1. Best Song Recording - Paata Jhora Brishti (Patto ka hai) - Subhadip Mitra, Niraj Singh (film Chaplin) 2. Best Programmer &amp; Arranger - Debajyoti Mishra &amp; Debashish Som (song Sahar ballad, film Urochithi) 3. Best Background Score - Indraadip Das Gupta (film Baishey Srabon)Rabindrasangeet 1. Album of the year - Uttaran (Srikanto Acharya, Sraboni Sen &amp; Ratna Mitra) 2. Best Male Vocalist of the Year - Srikanto Acharya 3. Best Female Vocalist of the Year - Sraboni SenAajker Gaan (contemporary, original compositions for the year 2011) 1. Album of the year - Musafirana (Srikanto Acharya) 2. Best Male Vocalist - Srikanto Acharya (song -Esechhi abaar, album - Musafirana) 3. Best Female Vocalist - Subhamita (song - Jabe din, album - Meghe Ora Chithi) 4. Best Composer - Joy Sarkar (song Esechhi abaar, album - Musafirana) 5. Best Lyricist - Srijato (song Esechhi abaar, album - Musafirana)Bangla Band Album of the year - Phire Dekha (Band - Krosswindz)Baaro Masher Gaan Remake of an older composition 1. Ghaate Lagaiya Dinga (singer Lopamudra Mitra, album - Mon Fokira - Soulmate)Sara Jibaner Gaan (album of the Golden Era) Mahishasuramardini - Award received by: Arunlekha Gupta (daughter of Pankaj Kumar Mallick), Dr NK Bhattacharjee (son of Banikumar), Sujata Bhadra (daughter of Birendra Krishna Bhadra) and SF Karim (Saregama)Best Instrumental Track Of The Year 1. Bongshi And Edwana (from film Chaplin, composed by Indraadip Das Gupta)Special AwardsJury's Special Award for Upcoming Classical Talent - Ambarish Das 2.Jury's Special Award for Outstanding Contributioto Bengali Music - YS Mulki &amp; SubhenDeyLifetime Achievement Award Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11785367", "title": "11 nomination papers rejected", "text": "KANPUR: As many as eleven nomination papers for the Assembly elections were rejected by the returning officers on Monday due to errors and not fulfilling the mandatory requirements.Nomination papers of three Independent candidates were rejected. Trinamool Congress candidate Athar Hussain, as aspirant for Arya Nagar seat, failed to fill the form properly. In proposer column, he had filled part I which is for national parties instead of part II. In part II, there is a mandatory condition of ten proposers but in his form the number of proposer was less than 10. Mohammad Danish was another candidate whose nomination was rejected from this seat. Danish, an Independent candidate, had not mentioned his age in two sets of his nomination forms and there were wrong entries in proposers' column.Highest number of three nominations were rejected from Sisamau Assembly seat. Candidature of Umesh Chandra Tiwari, another candidate of Trinamool Congress, was rejected as his proposers had not signed on the form and his affidavit was also incomplete. Second was Ram Sewak of Republican Party, whose proposers had also not put their signatures on the form. Form of Shaqeel Ahmad, a representative of Social Democratic Party, was rejected as he had not mentioned his age.In Billhaur, dreams of Raghubeer Singh of Republican Party of India and Babu Ram, an Independent candidate were shattered when their forms were rejected. Raghubeer, a resident of Tirva, failed to submit a certified copy of electoral rolls while Babu Ram gave names of only seven proposers instead of ten.Nomination papers of Panchram Chaudhary, Independent candidate, was rejected. An aspirant for Govind Nagar seat, he mentioned the wrong serial number and parts of his proposers. Candidature of Rohit Sharma for this seat was cancelled as he was found underage as he had mentioned his age as 23 years.For Maharajpur seat, nomination papers of Raman Babu chaurasia of Jan Kranti Party and Shabeer Ahmad of Vanchit Samah Insaf Pparty (VIP) were rejected. Chaurasia had forgotten to sign the form and his proposers were less than the required number while Shabbir Ahmad mentioned the names of his proposers wrongly.Waseeq Ahmad, a candidate for Sisamau seat lodged a report against Irfan Ahmad Solanki of SP before the returning officer and claimed that Solanki was telling lie and he had given false affidavit. He said the during the previous elections, Solanki had mentioned his education qualification as BTech graduate but this time he had mentioned that he was educated at home.The returning officer rejected his complaint on the ground that it was late and presented after the scrutiny of Irfan's nomination. Moreover, according to returning officers guide book, the complaint could not be reviewed at the time of scrutiny.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787175", "title": "Woman poses as ex-PM's kin to cheat", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman who pretended to be former Prime Minister P V Narasimha Rao's granddaughter and cheated a man was arrested in Assam on Saturday. She had taken Rs 1.3 crore from a Chennai-based businessman, promising to get him government tenders using her influence with the Centre.Acting on a tip off, police teams led by fraud wing sub-inspector S Prabha arrested Dileep Kumari (42) from a bungalow in Guwahati.Police said she was about to leave for Delhi. \"She was packing when we arrived at her house. She was alone at home and shocked to see us. She claimed that she would make some phone calls to her 'grandfather', but we didn't allow her to talk to anyone,\" a police officer said.The Guwahati police worked with the Tamil Nadu team to arrest the woman who had been absconding for more than three years. \"A special team was assigned to the case in 2009 but found it hard to track her as she was always on the move though she is originally from Hyderabad. We found that Kumari owns a house in Hyderabad, an apartment in New Delhi and another house in Guwahati,\" an officer said.Finally, they got the help of a deputy superintendent of police from Guwahati who had come to Chennai recently to nab an accused hiding here. \"We helped him a lot and so when we went there, he welcomed us warmly. He provided a police team to track down the accused and arrest her,\" the officer added.Police said Kumari had toldbusinessman Shammer S Shah, who lives in Kilpauk, that she could help him bag Central government tenders. She took Rs 1.3 crore from him and disappeared. Shah later realised that she was not related to Narasimha Rao, and that she had cheated him.Kumari was produced before a magistrate court in Guwahati and remanded to prison for seven days. \"We got a transit warrant from the magistrate court in Assam. Police are bringing her to Chennai by train. They will reach Chennai on Tuesday. The accused will be produced before a magistrate court in the city and sent to Puzhal prison,\" a police officer said.Police said Kumari had told the businessman Shammer S Shah that she could help him bag Central government tenders. She took Rs 1.3 crore and disappeared. Shah later realised that she was not related to Narasimha Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786638", "title": "New Metro boss gets cracking on Phase III", "text": "NEW DELHI: A month after Mangu Singh took over as the head of Delhi Metro, he has cracked the whip on officials over the Phase III project. \"The first review meeting of the third phase was all about ensuring that construction goes on without a hitch or mishap. Unlike in earlier projects, this time project managers have been asked to start work on the blueprint for utility line diversions before the tenders are awarded,\" said an official.The meeting comes on the heels of several incidents involving the Metro, including malfunctioning of software in doors and the repeated trouble over overhead electrification (OHE) on the Vaishali- Anand Vihar corridor. With several tenders being awarded for the work on Phase III, construction is expected to start in the next six months. \"The message at the meeting was very clear - nothing should disturb the lives of those residing along the alignment,\" added the official.The concern is understandable considering Phase III will be going through heavily congested areas like the Walled City and east Delhi. While the Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar corridor will go through dense residential colonies from west to east Delhi, the Janakpuri (west) to Kalindi Kunj corridor will cross over to Noida in UP. The extension of the Central Secretariat-Badarpur line to Faridabad will also cross the city's borders.The identification of utility lines and their diversions is a major part of the pre-construction phase. Water, sewer and telephone lines, along with fiber optic cables and gas pipelines will have to be identified and diverted underground.Overhead telephone and power lines also need to be diverted during the construction of the Metro corridors. \"In phase II, a lot of care had to be taken during the construction of the alignment near Green Park, as the blueprint of the utility lines was not available with the civic agency. These lines need to be identified physically before construction,\" said the official. An interface with neighbouring states like Haryana and UP will also throw up challenges, said sources.Monday's meeting assumes importance, specially as the construction of Phase III is the first major project under Singh's leadership after E Sreedharan's exit. The construction of Phase II had been marred by the Zamrudpur incident as well as the Laxmi Nagar accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11787613", "title": "3 of a family seriously injured in accident", "text": "MYSORE: Three of a family, including a three-year-old girl, who sustained grievous injuries in a road accident, are battling for their lives at a private hospital here on Monday.Archana, 3, was badly injured in her leg as the truck ran over her. Her condition is said to critical. Her parents Lingaraj, 28, and Sunanda, 21, also are undergoing treatment at Apollo Hospital. Sunanda suffered serious head injuries, while Lingaraj has sustained multiple factures. All the three are in the ICU.Krishna Raja traffic inspector Prabhakar Bharki said Lingaraju, a mason, and resident of JP Nagar, was travelling on a motorcycle along with his wife and child, when a mini-truck rammed into their vehicle around 2pm. The truck driver, who was overspeeding, rammed into the two-wheeler at a junction in JP Nagar when Lingaraj was trying to take a right turn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784541", "title": "National seminar on Lokpal held", "text": "JAIPUR: A national seminar titled 'Lokpal in India: Issues and Challenges' was organized by the Amity Law School, Amity University, Rajasthan. The seminar brought together not only the legal fraternity but also policy-makers and academicians cutting across different disciplines from across the country to discuss and deliberate on the emerging issues and challenges pertaining to Lokpal in India.The inaugural ceremony was attended by chief guest professor Vijayakumar, VC of Tamil Nadu Dr Ambedkar Law University (TNDALU). Prof Ramesh K Arora from Centre for Good Governance, Jaipur was the guest of honour.Prof Raj Singh, VC of Amity University in his welcome speech underlined the importance of dynamic nature of the legal system in the wake of socio-economic challenges from globalization. Thus, Lokpal legislation is a case in point. Referring to the US, he underlined the importance of new legislation with regard to financial fraud in order to prevent/punish the offending companies operating outside the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786672", "title": "Congress to irked Andhra Pradesh bureaucrats: Go to court if you wish", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid accusations from IAS officers that they were being selectively targeted by probe agencies in Andhra Pradesh, Congress on Monday said anybody with apprehensions of victimization could seek legal redressal.The bureaucracy and the political establishment in Andhra Pradesh are on a warpath. The IAS association on Sunday cried being targeted selectively. Two senior officials - B P Acharya and Srilakshmi - have been arrested for their alleged involvement in Emmaar and mining scams, while no politician or minister has been touched.Asked about the unusual situation with officials speaking out against politicians, Congress said generalization that only one set of establishment is being touched cannot be made. While unwilling to speak substantively on the \"heavily subjudice\" issues, AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi did add, \"If anybody has any apprehension, the individual is free to go to the court and submit his case before it.\"The grievance of Andhra officials has triggered concern in the 'steel frame' with many feeling that the mal-governance of previous regime was being laid on the doors of officers because of political compulsions.The Kiran Kumar Reddy government's seeming eagerness to unearth scams of YSR government is seen influenced the late leader's son Y S Jaganmohan Reddy leading the anti-Congress charge in the state. Jaganmohan rebelled against Congress after he was ignored for the top post.The mining issue that concerns Reddy brothers of Karnataka has claimed an officer, but the former mining minister has not had any difficulty. Officers said that same was the case in other irregularities. The infamous Reddy brothers, while being BJP leaders, are allegedly close to the YSR family.Officers said the ministers were not being touched because the state government was in a precarious position on numbers front. Also, any potential rebel would be a gift to Jaganmohan who would welcome them in his fold.The feeling that they would not get \"decent hearing\" in the state is pushing the view that the IAS lobby should approach the Centre with their grievance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790478", "title": "Who's the new Queen Bee in Kollywood?", "text": "These four new girls are giving K-Town heroines a run for their moneyHansika, Richa, Deeksha and Samantha made an impact onscreen in 2011, edging out some of the more established heroines here. Having proven themselves in Tollywood, these girls moved southward to try and conquer Kollywood next. And it looks like they may succeed.Hansika came onto the KTown scene in 2011 with a bang - she had bagged movies opposite Dhanush, Jayam Ravi and Ilayathalapathy Vijay. While Velayudham was a hit, Maapillai and Engaeyum Kadhal also ensured that the pretty 20-yearold was noticed by the entire film industry. However, her ability to deliver a hit as the lead heroine still remains to be seen. As for Richa Gangopadhyay, her portrayal of Sonakshi's role in the Tamil remake of Dabangg was a talking point in 2011.Expectations were high in Osthe, though she was a mere pretty face in the flick, but she seemed to fulfill them, especially in her role in Selvaraghavan's Mayakkam Enna. Deeksha Seth came in with a proven track record in the Telugu film world and her debut movie with Vikram, Rajapattai, seemed to be the perfect launchpad for her in Tamil.However, the movie fizzled at the BO and Vikram received much flak for doing a film after his splendid award-winning roles. As a result, Deeksha is still waiting to sign on her next Tamil project. But it looks like Samantha is the girl who's forging ahead in 2012 having been signed on by Mani Ratnam for his 25th film Kadal featuring Gautham, yesteryear actor Karthik's son. The actress, who made a name with the Telugu remake of Vinnaithandi Varuvaayaa, has several Gautham Menon projects on hand too.On one hand, while these girls are being sought-after for films having just stepped into Kollywood, some of them are already embroiled in controversies. While Hansika has been issuing denials that she was the reason for the break-up between Prabhu Deva and Nayanthara and that she calls him 'Prabhu anna', Richa has been stating that she and her Mayakkam Enna costar, Sunder Ramu, are just 'good friends'.Meanwhile, Samantha is being touted as Gautham Menon's current muse, having dethroned Sameera Reddy .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786590", "title": "HC absolves woman of hubby's murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has acquitted a 47-year-old woman serving life term in jail for the murder of her husband in 1995, and expressed surprise how a well-built male could be killed by her \"mercilessly\".\"The prosecution has not explained how a well-built male like the deceased could be at the mercy of the appellant and receiving repeated blows with an iron rod that was heavy and unwieldy as a weapon,\" a bench of justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg said while setting aside the contention of the police that the man, Sukhbir Singh, was brutally killed by his wife.The high court set free Kiran, a resident of Bhagirathi Vihar in east Delhi, who had challenged the trial court order of 1997 convicting and awarding her life imprisonment.\"Surely, initial attack would have altered him to defend himself or to take the weapon from his wife. This creates suspicion regarding the prosecution's story. There is complete lack of explanation by the prosecution,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11786786", "title": "His play fascinates coach", "text": "LUDHIANA: A resident of Civil Lines, Harminder, said, \"I did not participate in competitions because I was busy with business.\" The TT players owns four factories.However, about 10 years ago it struck Harminder that he should participate in competitions and he started playing in the veteran championships after which the Ludhiana team won two silver and two bronze medals.''My coach these days is Suresh Sharma. I feel this time veteran players from Ludhiana will clinch some medals at the national championship in which 700 male and female players compete. The fight is challenging but I feel relaxed after playing,'' said Harminder. Impressed with his trainee's performance, Suresh said Harminder's game fascinates him. ''I think he will perform well and make Ludhiana proud,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11785285", "title": "Being in love is no offence: Bombay High Court", "text": "MUMBAI: Being in love was not an offence, said the Bombay High Court on Monday while hearing a petition for the quashing of a complaint of alleged rape of a minor.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice Rajesh Ketkar was hearing a petition by Ankit More (23) who allegedly had physical relations with a 15-year- old girl when they went to Khandala with another minor couple. Both the youngsters are from Nehru Nagar, Islampur, Sangli.The FIR at the Islampur police station stated that on September 12, 2011, the girl's paternal cousin, Harish (17), called her out of her class saying she was required at home. The teacher let her leave with him. Outside, Harish, along with her maternal cousin Hema (16) and Ankit (23), was waiting in an SUV. All went to Khandala and stayed there till September 18. After they returned, the girl's family made her lodge a complaint in which she said the petitioner had sexual relations with her and promised to marry her. Ankit was arrested for rape and kidnapping with intentions to induce a woman to marry and Harish's case was referred to juvenile court.On Monday, the judges were told by the girl's advocate, J Pandey, that her family did not want to \"prosecute the complaint and besides, all the parties were related\". \"Both families have decided to get them married when the girl turns adult. They are in love,\" he said. The judges said the law was such that a minor girl could marry when her guardian gave the consent. \"Being in love is not an offence. We need to look at such cases differently,\" said Justice Kanade. Additional public prosecutor Mankunwar Deshmukh opposed the plea and said the girl's father was taking risk. But Justice Kanade said, \"We'll see that she is not only married but happily married.\"(Names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785383", "title": "Raut lodges plaint against NCP's 'friendly fight'", "text": "NAGPUR: EGS minister Nitin Raut and Lokmanch president Atal Bahadur Singh have urged MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to persuade NCP to withdraw their candidates from Mecosabagh and Nara wards.Even though both seats of Mecosabagh ward and woman's seat of Nara ward had gone to the Congress and Lokmanch in the seat sharing pact with NCP, the latter has fielded candidates claiming that a 'friendly fight' was unavoidable in these seats.Raut's letter to Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee and the CM has stressed that due to NCP's betrayal the alliance would suffer. The minister said it was imperative that NCP take steps to ensure that the three candidates did not get its election symbol. NCP should publish notices in newspapers disowning its candidates.Congress sources said party workers in North Nagpur were dead against an alliance with NCP. However, Raut had to agree due to strong pressure from Mumbai. Fielding three candidates by NCP has further fuelled discontent among Congress workers.While Raut has complained about NCP's conduct, Congress has also fielded two candidates from seats allotted to NCP. This has created resentment among NCP workers.NCP sources said the party was forced to field candidates in Congress quota since the party was not agreeing to accommodate two prominent sitting corporators - Rajesh Mate and Vedprakash Arya. \"We wanted Lokmanch corporator Babbi Bawa's wife Dimpi and Mate to be given ticket from Mecosabagh. But Congress gave the two seats to Lokmanch without asking us,\" a NCP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785144", "title": "Spurious liquor worth 6 lakh seized", "text": "NASHIK: In a special drive, the excise department seized spurious liquor worth over Rs 6 lakh that were been ferried in vehicles from Daman, Madhya Pradesh and Chandigarh.Superintendent of the excise department J B Patil said the special drive was undertaken on the instructions of principal secretary Anand Kulkarni and Nashik commissioner Sanjay Mukherjee.Between February 4 and 6, the state excise department registered nine cases, arrested 10 persons and confiscated 439 litres of country liquor and 109 litre of IMFL.On Monday, two raids were conducted at Waghadi in Panchavati, where illicit brewing was being carried out with liquor imported from Madhya Pradesh.Two motorcycles and one car carrying liquor were also confiscated by state excise department officials. In addition to this, another car, which was transporting country liquor worth Rs 2.75 lakh illegally, was also intercepted and caught by the excise department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787012", "title": "FCI staff wins battle over age in high court", "text": "CHENNAI: While the Indian Army chief is fighting a legal battle over his age in the Supreme Court, a watchman of theFoodCorporation of India (FCI) has already won a similar case in the Madras high court.B Ethirarulu approached court after his date of birth was unilaterally altered to May 12, 1951, instead of theoriginalMay12,1952.Accordingly, he was retired from service on May 31,2011.Now, Justice Vinod K Sharma has directed the FCI to reinstate Ethirajulu in service immediately, by treating May 12, 1952 as his date of birth.The'retired' employeewill also get all the consequential benefits,thejudgesaid.Ethirajulu joined the FCI as messenger in February 1971 andbecame a watchman thereafter. Both his appointment and promotion were based on his birth certificate showing hisdateof birth asMay12, 1952. However, in 1996, he was directed by the FCI bosses to produce documentary proof in support of his date of birth. Only then he realized that his year of birth has been alteredto1951in office records.TheFCItoldthecourtthatthere was no unilateral alteration of the date and that as per the service record,thedateof birthof Ethirajulu was May 12, 1951. It also blamed the watchman for delay in taking up the issue with the authorities. Justice Sharma, however, referred to an 'overwriting' in the service register, where the year 1952 was altered to 1951. \"No explanation is forthcoming about the overwriting in the service register,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11786099", "title": "Elaborate security arrangements for first phase of poll", "text": "BAHRAICH: The campaigning for the first phase of assembly election ended on Monday. Among the constituencies that go t he polls on February 8 are 20 constituencies spread over four districts Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur and Gonda of Devipatan division. The voting in the first phase will decide the fate of three former ministers, two sitting ministers and 17 MLAs.Elaborate security arrangements have been made by the Election Commission for voting in these 20 seats.About one lakh security personnel would be deployed in the four districts (pls cross chk the figure). UP DGP Atul Kumar said adequate security forces would be deployed to ensure free and fair election.The Centre has allotted 680 companies of central forces for the first phase of polling to man over 13,186 polling stations. Besides, the state government would deploy 110 companies of PAC, 39,000 policemen, 45,000 home guards and 20,000 new recruits on the polling day to maintain law and order.DGP said every police station would have two Quick Response Teams (QRTs).Uttar Pradesh assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "canning", "code": "11785387", "title": "TMC men rough up cops, snatch rifle", "text": "CANNING: Four policemen were brutally beaten up and a rifle was snatched by locals after a clash broke out on Monday around 7.45pm at Jeebantala in Canning.The locals were allegedly Trinamool Congress workers. The clash was triggered when the four policemen along with their driver were conducting a routine search in Deuli II of Jeebantala.Police alleged that a group of miscreants stalled them from conducting raids. and carried out a well planned attack on themand refused to allow them to conduct any further raids.This led to an altercation between the two groups. However, the goons soon outnumbered the policemen and attacked them. They pelted stones and hit the policemen with bamboo sticks. The miscreants also snatched away the rifle. The police van was heavily damaged.Sub-inspector of Jeebantala police station Dibeyendu Biswas and Prafulla Damru, the driver of the police van, received serious head injuries. In the meantime, more miscreants gathered and snatched away the rifle.To combat the growing mob, the injured policemen called up the South 24-Parganas police headquarters in Alipore and pleaded for more force. Rapid action force and combat force rushed to the spot. Around 9.30pm, the rifle was recovered and raids continued.It was a well-planned attack, police said. The injured policemen alleged that even women were present in the group.Trinamool Congress leader of Canning Saibal Lahiri said, \"The incident broke out when two people in an inebriated state got into an altercation. Two groups gathered and started a fight against each other. Police received the information and rushed to the spot. The two groups attacked police when they arrived. No Trinamool party members were involved in the clash.Rather miscreants ignited the fight.\"South 24-Parganas SP Laxmi Narayan Meena said, \"On Saturday evening, a fight had broken out. The goons attacked the police and snatched away a rifle. However, it was later recovered. I am not yet sure if women too were involved in the attack.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786425", "title": "Private colleges call off strike as govt pays up", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Monday released Rs 1,290 crore to private colleges under the fee reimbursement scheme with the move serving to abort their strike that was supposed to have been undertaken from Tuesday. The state government assured private engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA and B.Ed colleges that the funds will be deposited in their accounts. The government also agreed to release another Rs 1,200 crore by March 31.The Consortium of Private Professional College Managements' Association had called the strike on the demand that the government clear arrears under the fee reimbursement scheme. According to private colleges, the state government has to release a total of Rs 3,600 crore towards payments outstanding from last year.The private engineering college managements' body, Consortium of Engineering College Managements' Association (CECMA) has also agreed to put off the strike. The association has decided to wait till Friday for the amount to get credited to their accounts but said that the strike would be taken up if the funds do not get deposited by then.The state government was also urged to introduce uniform fee structure in engineering colleges. The colleges said that in keeping with a Supreme Court directive, they will submit their annual expenditure details to the Admission and Fee regulatory Council (AFRC) in the coming two days.\"Once we have submitted that, the state government should introduce a uniform fee structure for all colleges,\" said Rajeswar Reddy, secretary, CECMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11785432", "title": "Sushanta may be released today", "text": "Midnapore: A Midnapore court on Monday ordered the release of former CPM minister Sushanta Ghosh - indicted by CID in the Garbeta skeleton case - from Alipore Central jail. Ghosh is likely to be released from custody on Tuesday morning.The Supreme Court on Friday granted bail to Ghosh, but asked him not to go anywhere else in West Midnapore except his assembly constituency of Garbeta. He will also have to report to police on the last Sunday of every month. Ghosh will also have to make himself available in court whenever asked after his trial starts on February 16.The 4th additional district and sessions judge, Abhijit Som - in whose court the trial starts next week - mentioned in the release order that Ghosh has to abide by all the apex court guidelines and furnish two sureties of Rs 20,000 each. The sureties have already been furnished paving the way for his release tomorrow morning. The plea was made in court with Ghosh's signed affidavit and a certified copy of the apex court order.Public prosecutor Raj Kumar Das moved a separate plea in court stating that in Paragraph 18 of the apex court order it has been mentioned: \"The trial court may impose such conditions as may be necessary to secure the appellant's presence during the trial,\" to seek that Ghosh provide his contact number, provide a route map on where he would travel in Garbeta, a timeline on the extent of his stays and should not influence witnesses cited in the CID chargesheet. The judge reserved his order on the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11787450", "title": "DC asks media for fest footage", "text": "MANGALORE: Facing heat from various quarters over the alleged unethical behaviour by foreigners and use of drugs at Spring Zouk Island Festival 2012 at St Mary's Island, the Udupi district administration sent a report of the fest to the chief minister's office and department of tourism on Monday.Deputy commissioner MT Reju claimed that nothing of the sort as being portrayed by electronic media has happened. \"The channels which are beaming these clippings (of couples in a compromising position) have refused to part with the footage. How do we check if it's genuine?'' questioned Reju. He said: \"If not us, let the footage be examined by an independent agency at least.''On alleged use of drugs, Reju said: \"People entering the venue were frisked thoroughly at the jetty (Malpe) and also at the island entry point. There was use of liquor and cigarettes as the organizers had got permission from the excise department.''Udupi MLA Raghupathi Bhat, however, admitted that some 10% of the foreigners 'may have' exhibited indecent behaviour. \"But why can't the media highlight how the rest of the foreigners enjoyed the fest? They enjoyed the music and local culture. We are organizing as an event to promote tourism for the first time, and lapses, if any, will not be repeated in future,'' Bhat added.Bhat said: \"The district administration rented the space. I visited the venue twice and found nothing indecent.\"Some of the locals who were at the venue, alleged that foreigners were skimpily dressed, and they were sloshed. \"There may have been use of drugs as some were rolling cigarettes. We couldn't see anything what's being displayed on television,'' said a person, who attended the fest on all three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11787264", "title": "Internet dating: Latest fad to start relationship", "text": "WASHINGTON: You may call it the digital revolution in romance, but a new study says that online dating is now the latest matchmaking fad in the US.In fact, internet dating is now the second most common way of starting a relationship after meeting through friends, according to a group of psychologists from the University of Rochester in the US, who have carried out the study.\"Online dating is definitely a new and much-needed twist on relationships,\" prof Harry Reis, one of the five co-authors of the study, was quoted by the media as saying. \"The internet holds great promise for helping adults form healthy and supportive romantic partnerships, and those relationships are one of the best predictors of emotional and physical health,\" he added. The study is based on an analysis of reviews of more than 400 psychology researches and public interest surveys. The 200-page analysis found that the main advantage that dating websites offer singles is access to a huge pool of potential partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784764", "title": "Snags delay WR trains", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the conversion of traction system from Direct Current to Alternate Current, services on Western Railway got disrupted twice-in the morning and evening hours-due to overhead equipment (OHE) wire failure.A WR spokesperson said, \"There were sparks in the OHE wire on the Churchgate-bound fast track at platform No. 4 of Marine Lines station at 7.30am. The fault was rectified by 9.15am. Due to this, Churchgate trains were diverted from fast to slow track between Mumbai Central and Churchgate.\"WR said the failure is not linked to Sunday's conversion project. The official said, \"Prima-facie, it appears that a crow may have taken a hit with the OHE. This may have resulted in short-circuit.\"A senior official said, \"We had to cancel several Bandra and Andheri services to minimize the impact on those traveling to Borivli and beyond. Normal services resumed soon after the fault was repaired.\"Amit Shah , a Vile Parle resident, said, \"I took a train at 7.56am, but it took more than two hours to reach Churchgate. Usually, I reach by 8.30am, but till 9am, I was stuck near Lower Parel station.\"Avinash Naravde, another Andheri commuter, said, \"I took at 7.12 am fast local that reaches Churchgate by 8 am. The train got stuck at Mahalaxmi station for more than 30 minutes.\"Another failure on platform No. 5 of Dadar station also led to cancellations in the evening hours. Shailaja Nair, a Bandra resident, said, \"Four fast trains were cancelled after I reached the station. The train took 30 minutes to reach Dadar from Bandra. I then decided to travel to CST by Central Railway.\"This is third disruption on WR after it switched to 25000 Volt AC from 1500 V DC. On Saturday, too, an OHE failure occurred near Dadar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11785150", "title": "'Face' of Gujarat riots hates celebrity status", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The one face that appears again and again in 'Google Images' when you search for 'Gujarat riots, 2002' is the portrait of a desperate man with tears in his eyes, begging security forces to save his family from rampaging mobs. Qutbuddin Ansari from Rakhial, almost became a celebrity after his photograph was repeatedly published across the country. It turned an ordinary tailor into the symbol of a tragedy.Today, Ansari hates that photograph. He likes it when people occasionally still recognise him on the street, but there is a more sinister side to his celebrity status. After the serial blasts rocked Ahmedabad in 2008, the terror organization Indian Mujahideen sent out a mail with Qutbuddin's famous photograph alongside a Hindu man grieving over a person killed in the blasts.The message was clear - the blasts were revenge for the riots. It was enough to send a chill down Qutbuddin's spine. After all he had chosen to return and live in his home in Ahmedabad, which he left for Kolkata after the riots.Even the BJP has tried to cash in on Ansari's symbolic importance. \"There was pressure on me to stand beside chief minister Narendra Modi during his Sadbhavana fasts,\" he says. \"I simply can't do it. I am content with my business and happy with my family. I do not want more trouble.\" He doesn't want to become the symbol of either the terrorists or Modi's Sadbhavana. So powerful was Ansari's photograph that it helped CPI (M) candidate Mohammed Salim win a parliamentary election against Trinamool heavyweight Ajit Panja in Kolkata in 2004.Ansari shifted to the City of Joy in 2003 with family after Salim helped him set up his tailoring workshop there. Ansari's photograph was extensively used in campaign material to woo the 20 per cent Muslims of the Kolkata Northeast seat. He re -turned from Kolkata to Ahmedabad a couple of years later and avoided the media glare. \"I have to do a lot of explaining each time that photo appears,\" he says.Ironically, even today Ansari has not got any compensation from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785505", "title": "Pune traffic cops' 'Kolaveri Di' a hit among netizens", "text": "PUNE: The Pune traffic police's road safety song based on 'Kolaveri Di', which has been uploaded on Youtube , has received nearly 3,000 views so far in the last two days. Netizens have applauded the traffic police's unique efforts in spreading the message of road safety and traffic rules.The song, lasting 3 minutes and 20 seconds, has been created by the traffic police with the help of citizens and other creative heads. The film, shot on city roads, displays the poor state of the city's due to indiscipline and careless driving. The song uses both English and Marathi to urge citizens to drive slowly, follow traffic rules, not to use mobiles while driving, and use helmets and seat belts for safety.'Accident brings tears; safety brings cheers' is one of the messages that is part of the song.The song was first launched last Tuesday at the inauguration of the online portal of the traffic branch. The traffic branch has prepared radio jingles, short films and uploaded videos on its new portal. At the launch, police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar lauded the efforts taken by various agencies, and citizens in preparing the jingles, short films and the rest. \"This is a very innovative and creative idea. The message of road safety will definitely spread among youngsters,\" she said.The newly-launched online portal of the city traffic police, www.punetrafficpolice.gov.in, has also received over 25,000 hits in the first week of its launch. The traffic police has invited suggestions from citizens so that the website can be further improved. Commissioner of police Meeran Chadha Borwankar has suggested that the website should be made more interactive so that common people can use it. It already has a section titled 'Test your knowledge' wherein users can check their knowledge on traffic and road safety. It also has a grievance forum.Officials said the website will also have live traffic updates. Already, the portal provides information on the latest traffic updates and other restrictions which have been proposed. A team of traffic police personnel have been provided special training for updating information on the website. The site provides important links to all government offices, transport departments, local civic bodies, details on road signages, rules of road regulations, and important helpline numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789625", "title": "Will never work for Ghai again: Ashwini Chaudhary", "text": "Ashwini Chaudhary talks about his old war with the filmmaker and why their film failedThe censor board objected to a scene in which Omi Vaidya looks at a woman's breasts and says 'What a bomb'. I even went to the revising committee, but in vain.The controversies surrounding Jodi Breakers did not end there. The producers of Rascals took you to court claiming that your film is similar to one of their under production ventures...It was rather ridiculous. I was supposed to direct a film for them. I wasted one year. The set-up did not fall in place. They didn't even pay me. And now this!Soham Shah was supposed to use the Bipasha-O-Bipasha song in Satte Pe Satta, but you used it in Jodi Breakers?Soham was supposed to use a song with the name 'Bipasha' in it. Even the music composers were same- Salim-Suleiman. But it was a different song.Bipasha was not very comfortable doing that song with you?A star's name can be used in a song only once in his/her lifetime. Bipasha was not too sure if she would like the song.How did the Bipasha-Madhavan combo happen?I had approached Bipasha first. She said she was busy. Madhavan on the other hand was excited to play a grey character for the first time in his Bollywood career. And then, one fine day, Bipasha's secretary called me to say that she was interested in my film.Helen will be seen after a long time in Jodi Breakers...She plays a lady who runs a dance institute for senior citizens. She did not say yes immediately, but asked me to flesh it out further. When she said 'yes' I was ecstatic.Rahul Rawail replaced you in Ghayal 2. Why?Sunny was in a hurry. He wanted to start Ghayal 2 in January. Producers of Jodi Breakers, Prasar Vision, had invested a lot in me. I couldn't be focusing on two films at the same time. So, I opted out of Ghayal 2. People feel that I am headstrong and I fight a lot. But let me be clear. I don't want another Good Boy Bad Boy in my life.After Good Boy Bad Boy failed, Ghai and you did not part amicably...I didn't even complete the film. I walked out after completing 60 per cent of it. Directors who turn producers shouldn't interfere too much. It's like you appoint a driver but reprimand him every five minutes for the way he drives. Aren't you simply asking for an accident then?Will you direct for Sunny Deol in future?Why not? Sunny and I parted amicably on Ghayal 2. I come from Haryana and Haryanvis don't consider you as a director until you've directed the Deols.And if Ghai calls you to direct?I shall go, have a cup of coffee with him and come back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore ", "code": "11785674", "title": "A platform to showcase Toda handicraft", "text": "COIMBATORE : For the first time, Toda women are being trained in traditional embroidery which will be showcased in Ooty soonUdhagamandalam: For the first time, a three-month training programme for Toda tribals on their exclusive embroidery work was held in Ooty in the Nilgiris. The programme, which concluded on Monday, was sponsored by TRIFED (Ministry of Tribals Affairs, Government of India) and conducted in association with the Ooty based SHG, Shalom.About 20 Toda women were trained for three months starting from November 2011. Shrinivas Shanke, assistant manager of TRIFED, revealed that an exclusive showroom will be opened in Ooty soon that would showcase the products made by these tribal women.The TRIFED, a national apex society for tribal affairs, mooted the marketing strategy of Toda embroidery during the training period. According to Shanke, a design development programme for 15 Toda trainees will be held soon. \"TRIFED would like to help these tribes sell their products directly to consumers, without any middlemen,\" he said.According to Shanke, India stands fifth in forest honey production which often is taken up by tribals. \"There is much scope for all tribal products including tusser, bamboo products and tribal arts in the national and international market,\" he said. TRIFED will soon concentrate on the arts and crafts of other tribes in the Nilgiris after conducting a thorough study. There are six tribal communities which include Paniyas, Kotas, Irulas and Kurumbas, dwelling in the Nilgiris.There are 42 showrooms, exclusively for tribal products, run by TRIFED across the country. While 20 showrooms are full-fledged the rest are in association with the concerned state governments, said Shanke.Archana Patnaik, the Nilgiris Collector, who participated in the valedictory function of the Toda embroidery training programme said, \"Pottery, which used to be the main craft of the Kota tribals, has become extinct and it should be revived. If it pays well, then youngsters would be encouraged to take it up as a career,\" she said.Anurag Misra, District Forest Officer (Nilgiris South Division), said, \"While encouraging and promoting tribal art and craft there should be no compromise on the traditional quality of tribal products.\"For Shalom, which has 11 members, including eight Toda women, this is the first time they are partnering with TRIFED to conduct the training programme.A unique embroidery style that has a rich embossed effectUdhagamandalam: The Todas, a pastoral tribe in the Nilgiris, have developed their own distinctive style of embroidery namely, 'pugur' which means flower. According to Vasamalli, who belongs to the tribe, this embroidery has been a tradition in the community for as long as she can remember.\"Our ancestors (mostly women) had developed this unique embroidery style using wild flowers as a base and the skin of a wild plant as thread, in the earlier days. Later the embroidery was done on clothes. Now, it is only done on shawls. The embroidery has red and black bands that are spaced out, giving an embossed. The spaces in-between are filled with red designs made with red and black threads. The products made include table mats, bags and runners,\" said Vasamalli.\"Our grandparents told us that the hand woven white base cloth and the threads were supplied by 'chetties' (merchant community) who brought the material from the plains,\" said Vasamalli. The base material was usually white and hand woven. Nowadays, power loom material is used as the base while two ply woolen threads are used for the embroidery.The most important motif the women folk use, while embroidering, is the buffalo horn as the Toda tribals worship the buffalo. Other designs include wild flowers, mountains and valleys. The embroidery is done by counting the threads. As the embroidery is done on the reverse side of the cloth the designs have a rich embossed effect on the surface. \"Unlike cross stitch designs, there are no pattern books for Toda embroidery. The women are creative. They imagine a design and transfer it to the base cloth. It involves much patience,\" said Vasamalli.The traditional Toda embroidery does not permit any other colour except red and black. \"While the base white indicates innocence, the red depicts adolescence and the black, maturity,\" Vasamalli added.According to many researchers and anthropologists, the Toda tribals are believed to be of Greek origin. Toda women embroider the 'poothkuli' or long robe worn in Greek fashion by both men and women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787242", "title": "IT initiates process to attach PUDA accounts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The income tax department on Monday initiated proceedings to attach accounts of Punjab Urban Planning and Development Authority (PUDA) for recovering Rs 68 crore.The tax demand has been made on PUDA, rejecting Rs 225 crore as valid expenditure of the development body towards payment to farmers for acquiring land for the international airport at Mohali. The payment was made in 2007 and 2008.PUDA has termed the proceedings as \"illegal\" saying that it would approach the Punjab and Haryana high court. Last year also, PUDA got relief from the high court after income tax department recovered Rs 15 crore from banks in a similar fashion.This time also, PUDA officers were surprised on Monday when banks informed it that the income tax department had approached them for attaching its accounts. Swinging into action, PUDA officials held meetings with senior officers of the tax office. PUDA has pleaded with IT department not to go ahead with the proceedings till a decision on their appeal against the assessment is made.Last year, PUDA could protect Rs 15 crore only through the court order, out of the attachment proceedings for Rs 30 crore.IT department had raised a demand of Rs 68 crore this year, but PUDA challenged the same immediately, sources said. Though proceedings have been initiated, IT department has chosen to avoid clarifying its stand despite repeated attempts to reach them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11785345", "title": "Fate of 927 candidates to be sealed today", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Polling for Zilla Parishad (ZP) and Panchayat Samiti (PS) elections in the district would be held on Tuesday. A total of 10.95 lakh voters would decide the fate of 927 candidates in fray for 57 ZP and 114 PS in district seats on polling day.As per polling authorities, out of total 10.95 lakh there are 5.74 lakh male and 5.20 lakh female voters in 15 tehsils in district. Chandrapur tehsil tops with 1.17 lakh voters, while Ballarpur tehsil has least 32,696 voters. As many as 1,817 polling booths have been prepared for the elections. Chimur tehsil has maximum 209 polling booths, while Pombhurna tehsil has least 57 polling booths. A total of 264 booths are located in sensitive areas, 12 in highly sensitive and 73 others are in Naxal infested area.A total of 4,225 electronic voting machines ( EVMs) would be used for the polling. There are 927 candidates in fray; 337 contesting for ZP polls and 590 PS elections. While all major political parties have pitted their candidates, several independent candidates too are testing their luck.Tight security arrangement has been made for the polling day. Security forces of over 2,550 policemen including 2,400 police constables and 750 home guards along with two companies of state reserve police (SRP) would be deployed for security. In all 15 PIs and 94 API/PSI would supervise the security under the guidance of five deputy SPs across the district. Apart from this, special units of C-60, riot control squad and bomb detection and disposal squad would also be kept on alert for emergency situation. Some additional forces too have been summoned from adjoining districts for security, police sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786613", "title": "Diabetes counsellors\u2019 crunch ails Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With an estimated two lakh people in the city having diabetes, there are barely a couple of diabetes counsellors, according to Centre of Diabetes and Obesity Management (CDOM).Experts view diabetic care not only in terms of equipment but, more importantly, in terms of expertise provided by trained counsellors.\"In an attempt to create a pool of counsellors and educators, the CDOM is conducting a year-long programme to train counsellors. The course is subsidized by the National Forum for Diabetes Educators,\" said Dr Sanjeev Gulati.\"Diabetes, with its long-term complications is associated with many disorders,\" he said, adding that a diabetic patient is 2 to 5 times more likely to have a cardiac problems and brain failure while kidney failure and diabetic foot disease are also common in those afflicted with the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11785199", "title": "Breaking rules to ferry officials", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration on Monday decided to put the rule book aside to ferry election officials to their destination on duty. A team of seven persons were put in a vehicle officially permitted to carry only four passengers.Deputy RTO Jayant Patil cited shortage of vehicles and also the short span of time in hand. \"The arrangement had to be done in very short span of time. Large number of vehicles were hired by political parties where these men get hard cash...we are facing shortage of vehicles for the ZP and NMC polls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11787621", "title": "City colleges take stock after student drowns", "text": "MYSORE: The old Mysore region has recorded another incident of student drowning, with the latest happening on Sunday. The increasing number in the deaths of youngsters, especially of students from drowning, has raised a serious concern for their safety at dangerous spots.Here is an institution which has imposed a ban on its students venturing into water bodies.Authorities of JSS Polytechnic College in Nanjangud have restricted their students from visiting water bodies for swimming/relaxing or for any reasons and they have taken additional preventive strategies on this score. College staff has sought public's help too and requested them to inform management if they found any of their students near lakes, ponds or backwaters in the region. This follows frequent complaints by residents living near a pond, which is just a stone throw from the college.The authorities took serious note of it and were quick to take precautions. This is aimed at preventing any untoward incident involving their students and it has yielded good results, claims principal Y M Sasalaradhya. So far, they have warned many erring students visiting the water bodies and also have brought it to the notice of their parents. About 700 students are studying at the institution. A source claimed that the polytechnic had suspended a few students for a week for disregarding the standing instruction to not visit water bodies, issued some eight months ago. An engineering student told TOI that students usually plan a visit to take a break from their busy academic life. And why only water bodies? It's because the vicinity will be calm and it is really a cool place to chill out for youngsters, he reasoned. Moreover, there are no restrictions like in other tourist places for them. Balmuri, Chunchakatte, Srirangapatna, Nimishamba, Kabini backwaters, Talkad, Varuna canal, Gaganachukki and Barachukki, etc., are some of the hotspots for youngsters to relax, he claimed. Meanwhile, SJCE principal B G Sangameshwar said it is difficult to keep tab on youths in this regard.Their college, which has around 4,000 students, however, has taken undertaking from students not to organize any unofficial trips, at the time of admission. Despite that, they secretly get out. The college will take action against such students if it comes to their notice, the principal said. Role of parents too is important here and they should monitor the activities of their kids to prevent such tragedies. To a query, Sangameshwar said it's easy to check such activities in small places, whereas in city colleges it's quite a difficult task, because students visit places far away from the city areas. It's not so easy to identify them either. According to the principal, two years ago, one of their students met a watery grave at Nisargadhama. NIE principal G L Shekar too admitted that it was difficult to keep the students from going out. Though precautionary measures have been taken at such dangerous spots, youngsters usually defy warning. However, the principal said students need to be advised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11785507", "title": "Aid to pollution victims challenged", "text": "MADURAI: Alleging that the state government's order disbursing compensation to the members of Noyyal River Ayacutdars Protection Association (NAPA) alone is arbitrary, a petition was filed in the Madurai bench seeking compensation to all those farmers, who were identified as affected by the Loss of Ecology Authority (LEA) in the polluted Noyyal River water due to discharge of effluents by Tirupur dyeing units.In his petition, R Selvam, a farmer from Karur and ayacutdar of the Orathupalyam reservoir, said he was concerned about several farmers who have their agricultural lands situated in Karur district downstream of Tirupur alongside the river. All the farmers are dependent on surface flows for irrigation and some on the groundwater recharge by riverine flow. The Orathupalayam dam, built in 1992 has an ayacut of over 10,000 acres in Tirupur and Karur districts. It was used by the farmers only for five years and later it became entirely a storage tank for textile effluents discharged by the textile and dyeing industries of Tirupur.The farmers, who depended on the dam and river for irrigation, stopped the farming activity in their land due to the large-scale pollution of the river.The petitioner said a sum of Rs 75 crore has been deposited in the account of NAPA and it has issued cheques to its members on January 7. \"If the members are allowed to encash the amount, the rest of the farmers identified by LEA will go high and dry. It is therefore just and necessary that the bank be restrained from honouring cheques, failing which the petitioner and many other farmers will be put to irreparable loss,\" he contended.The petitioner further said, \"It is just and necessary that amounts be earmarked for cleaning and remedial measures to restore the Noyyal river, Orathupalayam dam and other affected water bodies and the balance money be paid on pro-rata basis to all the identified farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11787126", "title": "Musical tribute to ghazal maestro", "text": "MUMBAI: The entire music fraternity will get together to pay tribute to king of ghazals, Jagjit Singh, on his 71sh birthday at a concert to be held at a suburban hotel in Mumbai on February 8.Sabar Joseph of Wizcraft Entertainment said, \"Jagjitji's contribution to Indian music and the ghazal genre is beyond compare.We hope to present a fitting tribute on the occasion of his 71st birth anniversary.\" Some of the top artistes who will pay tribute by singing a couple of songs and ghazals of the late singer include Pakistani singer Ghulam Ali, Ustad Rashid Khan, Anup Jalota, Dr L Subramaniam , Kavita Krishnamurthi, Bhupinder, Mitali Singh, Shaan and Sonu Nigam. Said Sonu, \"Will sing at least two of his ghazals but have to finalize which one.'' Anup Jalota said, \"I will sing Kagaz Ki Kashti, which is my personal favourite.\"Actress Dia Mirza will host the show. Some prominent speakers for the evening will be Javed Akhtar, Shabana Azmi and Nida Fazli. Jagjit Singh passed away on October 10, 2011, after suffering a brain haemorrhage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789712", "title": "Times Food Guide '12 to be launched tonight", "text": "Here, spices will talk, sauces will speak and heady aromas will launch a thousand gastronomic journeys.Times Food &amp; Nightlife Awards - the foodies' Oscars - are back with a bang. And the who's who of the city will head to ITC Sonar this evening to witness the best in the business being awarded at a gala event.Launching Times Food Guide 2012 will be Tollywood superstar and self-confessed epicure, Jeet. \"Wherever I travel, I make it a point to taste local cuisine. And while I can be on a strict regimen when a role calls for it, I can't help but give in to nolen gurer sandesh when I have the luxury,\" he says. Calorie count will be the least of his concerns today as Jeet looks forward to an evening that will see the marriage of elegant dining and the lazy ambience of the city's top pubs. \"I've been in Mumbai for five years and have travelled across the world, but there's no denying that Kolkata food is the best,\" Jeet added.So, who's the best? While you keep guessing, let us tell you that this year's nominations include a wide range - from Kolkata's most upmarket restaurants to the ones that have started taking babysteps towards culinary stardom. Places where chefs extraordinaire charm patrons with their classic fare to bars with the the most amazing cocktails. From Chinese to Italian, Bengali to continental, food is the winner this evening.The event will see the city's well-heeled rooting for their fave eateries. And it will be followed by a feast of gigantic proportions. Come prepared to take your pick, as the wide range of gastronomic delights is bound to leave you baffled. From creamy malai prawns, spicy crab meat paturi and delectable sushi rolls to salsa Mexicana, silky pot de creme and yes, melt-in-your-mouth nolen gurer sandesh - you can dig into all this and much more.Helping us put together this food extravaganza is Seagram's Blenders Pride, title sponsor for Times Food &amp; Nightlife Awards 2012, while the event co-sponsor is Kaff Appliances. The programme is supported by Kingfisher. Foodies take a bow, tonight's gonna be the night to indulge your senses.You may surf for your fave food joint, discover street food online and head to the most happening nightclubs through timescity.com. What's more, you can even post your reviews on food and nightlife on this website. Times Food Guide 2012 is available at all the leading bookstores.For more information, log onto timescity.com. To purchase the guide, visit www.books.indiatimes.com or call 8010058888 or 8010558888.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790639", "title": "Pooja Joshi doesn\u2019t like most TV shows!", "text": "Young actress Pooja Joshi, who plays Varsha in Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai, says that she can't relate to most current showsElaborating further, she says, \"Sometimes, when I watch a few of the daily soaps, I can't relate at all to the stories and characters. On the other hand, Varsha is a character that is really close to my heart. Besides, the show teaches good values, which is really great.\"Talking of the experience of visiting Vadodara, she says, \"I loved the fact that it's a quiet city. Sagar Film City was wonderful too. Coming to Gujarat is always fun and recently, I loved visiting Jamnagar also.\"On a parting note, she says, \"I love the way my career has shaped up. In the long run, I would love to do films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784947", "title": "Thakore community leaders to enter talks with Congress today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It will be a crucial meeting on Tuesday for the Thakore community leaders and the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC). The community has revolted against the decision of Congress to replace Arvind Solanki as chairman of the standing committee of Gandhinagar district panchayat.After a meeting on Friday, the leaders gave an ultimatum to the party high command stating that if the party failed to have any Thakore community representative as standing committee chairman in the district panchayat or any other local body then the community will be forced to oppose Congress.On Tuesday, the Thakore community leaders will meet GPCC president, Arjun Modhwadia and leader of opposition, Shaktisinh Gohil. \"If the party fails to satisfy the leaders and elected representatives, the community will work as an opposition in their respective local bodies. With the budget scheduled to be cleared this month, the community may vote against the budget proposal moved by the party, which would bring the entire Panchayat body into minority,\" said a senior leader of the Thakore community.On February 1, the Congress party had decided to replace Thakore community Arvind Solanki with Virendrasinh Vaghela from the Darbar community. In the 27 member Gandhinagar district panchayat, Congress has 19 councillors while BJP has eight. Of the 19 Congress councilors, eight were from the Thakore community.To protest against Solanki's removal, 17 elected Congress representatives of the community had resigned from various committees in Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation, Gandhinagar district and taluka panchayats and Kalol nagarpalika.A senior community leader warned, \"If the party fails to heed our demand the Thakore community will be forced to show its strength in the Mansa by-elections scheduled to be held soon. Thakores are in majority in Mansa Assembly constituency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784854", "title": "Two die as DPS bus hits 3 vehicles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A school bus that ran out of control on Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar road on Monday afternoon mowed down three vehicles including a van and two bikes. Two died in the mishap and six were injured. Adalaj police officials are now hunting for the absconding bus driver.According to investigators, the incident took place at the Koba circle at 2 pm. As one side of the road has been dug up for resurfacing work, a single-lane road is being used by vehicles from both the sides for past one month. On Monday, the Delhi Public School (DPS), Gandhinagar bus number 10B heading for Ahmedabad was passing from the circle. There were no children in the bus when the incident took place.Arun Dankhar, one of the injured in the incident, told media that they saw death from close quarters. Arun was one of the five persons travelling in a van. \"We had started off from Ahmedabad to go to Datar in central Gujarat. As we were driving on Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar road, we saw that the school bus suddenly changed lane and charged towards us at the speed of around 80 kmph. Before we could understand, it hit us across. The impact was such that the van somersaulted a couple of times before turning into complete wreckage,\" he said.Apart from Dhankhar, Umesh Parab, Mamta Parab, Lata Parab and Arun Parab, all residents of Thane, Maharashtra, got injured in the incident and were rushed to Gandhinagar civil hospital by EMRI 108 ambulance.However, Govind Prajapati, 55, and Kinjal Patel, 22, both residents of Ahmedabad, were not that lucky. The duo was travelling on a bike that got run over by the bus after it hit the van. The bike got sandwiched between the bus and road divider. They sustained severe injuries. While Prajapati died on the spot, Patel died during treatment at Civil Hospital. Another victim was Piyush Sharma, a resident of Bapunagar, who was injured and is admitted to Civil Hospital.A B Rathod, sub-inspector of Adalaj police station and investigating officer of the case, told TOI that search for the absconding driver is on. \"We have contacted the DPS authorities to get details of the driver and have also roped in forensic and automobile experts to ascertain whether it was human error or technical glitch that caused the accident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11785558", "title": "3 oil tankers gutted in fire", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Three oil tankers, including one filled with diesel, caught fire near Burmamines oil depot here on Monday. Altogether 11 fire fighters, including five each of Tata Motors and the state government, doused the flames after an almost two-hour fight.There is no injury or loss of human life in the fire that broke out at 12.30pm, police said.The exact cause behind the incident is yet to be ascertained but sources said a cigarette spark led to the fire. \"There are several theories doing the rounds but we are yet to ascertain the exact cause,\" said J P N Chaudhary, the officer in-charge of the Burmamines police station.According to police, the tankers belonged to Bharat Petroleum, Hindustan Petroleum and Indian Oil Corporation .Two empty tankers were parked outside the depotwaiting for its turn, while the diesel-laden tanker had just moved out following its refilling. The depot authorities refused to speak about the financial loss owing to the incident but officials said the loss would be to the tune of several lakhs of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786524", "title": "Project Uthaan changes life of slum dwellers, other residents", "text": "BHOPAL: The residents of Nehru Nagar near Naya Basera in the city are now a relieved lot after the slum in the area was developed with better living conditions and proper civic amenities. Until the slum in Nehru Nagar was taken up along with 24 other slums in the city under the Project Uthaan for development, the residents in its proximity had a harrowing time due to the unhygienic surroundings.\"The kids from this slum used to play on the main roads all the time especially in the evening. They wandered along the road, increasing the chances of accidents. Besides, the surroundings were also bad,\" SN Singh, a resident of Nehru Nagar, told TOI.However, after the construction of a community hall, these children got a place to play. Now they are not seen roaming on the roads, she said.The change has been brought about after Project Uthaan was implemented in as many as 24 slums in the city. This project has been in place since 2006. Also known as Madhya Pradesh Urban Services for the Poor (MPUSP), this project proved to be beneficial for the population inhabiting in the areas close to the slums.\"Project Uthaan is a unique project under which the corporation has involved the local residents for the development work as well,\" BMC commissioner Manish Singh told TOI. \"This is the first of its kind project and will change the social and civic standards of the city,\" he added.The Rs 58-crore project has been funded by the Department for International Development (DFID) of the British High Commission for the development of the state capital. The project has provided infrastructural facilities like cement roads, water lines, sewage lines, electric poles, community halls and public toilets to the poor in the city. Reaching college every day was a difficult task as I had to go along the road which is passing through the slum area,\" Megha Mahajan, a BDS student of Rishiraj Dental College, near Gandhi Nagar, said adding that one had to go through water-logged roads that had no street lights. Now the surroundings improved, she said.BMC's Project Uthaan is underway in slums including Naya Basera, Peeriya Muholla, Sethi Nagar, Vikas Nagar, Nariyal Kheda, Bihari Muholla and Harijan Basti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790706", "title": "Sujay Reu's track ends in Ram Milaayi Jodi", "text": "While some things start, others have to end...such, it seems, is the story of actor Sujay Reuwho currently plays the male protagonist in \"Ram Milaayi Jodi\".With the departure of Nishant Malkani, it seemed like young Sujay Reu had landed a plum role that could well be his ticket to stardom on the small screen. However, after barely eight months of playing the lead on the show, it seems like the actor will be seen making a well-scripted exit from the show. According to sources, at a very critical point in the story, Anukalp will meet his end in a road accident, leaving his young bride Mona (played by actor Sara Khan) a widow.\"Yes, my track on the show is coming to an end soon. While I am disappointed at the prospect of leaving the show, but life doesn't stop here. I have had a really good experience working on the show and have learned much from all the senior actors on the sets,\" said Sujay when we contacted him.So while we wish Sujay all the best for the future, we still wonder what the future has in store for the bubbly Mona (Sara Khan) on Ram Milaayi Jodi. Will she move on to another hero or is she all set to take centre stage and carry the show on her own shoulders?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786553", "title": "Private schools unhappy with fees for BPL kids", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the state's school education department was finalising the fees to be reimbursed for the BPL (Below Poverty Line) children admitted under RTE (Right to Education Act) in private schools, the principals of some of the private schools in Bhopal expressed their dissatisfaction.The meeting was later postponed for Wednesday. The department is considering reimbursing about Rs 2500 to 3000 per child but the principals of some of the prominent private schools were far from happy. Sister Reji, principal of Carmel Convent BHEL differed, \"The format of reimbursement for private schools has not been uploaded on the state school education portal yet. Till date we have not been able to login to the portal.\" She added, \"The photocopy of all the forms have been submitted to the RSK. Still we are being harassed about documents when everything has been provided.\" Dr Shikha Rastogi, principal of World Way School agreed, \"We have been asked by the school education department to submit the details of the children, but the online option for the same is not available yet.\"On the subject of reimbursement of fees of around Rs 3, 000 per child, the principals voiced their dissent unanimously.Ajay Sharma, principal DPS School said, \"At least 25% of the total cost incurred by the schools per child should be reimbursed. Otherwise, the government shouldn't reimburse anything and the schools should completely waive the fees of the child. At least then we would have the satisfaction of saying that the children were taught completely free of cost, under social obligation.\"He added, \"Also not just fees, the government should bear in mind additional expenses borne like the teachers' salaries, building maintenance etc.\" Public Relations Officer of St Joseph's Co-ed School Vasundhara Sharma opined that the since fees of different private schools were different, a uniform amount of reimbursement was not reasonable. \"Also Rs 3, 000 is less than the school's admission fees per child,\" she said.Dr Rastogi added, \"If such an insufficient amount is reimbursed, then the additional burden would have to be on the schools, leaving them with no other scope than to raise the fees of the other children from unreserved category.\" The school education minister Archana Chitnis had announced last week that the state government would compensate for the fees of the children being admitted in non-aided private schools under RTE Act.For this the schools should register themselves and provide relevant information like number of children admitted under RTE etc on the state school education portal and their attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786439", "title": "Body exhumed after a year for fresh autopsy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thirteen months after he was found dead on his farm, the Shamshabad police on Monday conducted a re-postmortem on the body of Pavan Kumar Yadav.While police recommended closure of the case by stating that the death was due to natural causes, his wife approached the court and senior officers alleging that her husband had been murdered and accused local police of not having conducted a proper investigation in the case.Forty-two-year-old Pavan Kumar Yadav of Thondupally in Shamshabad was found dead near a well in his field on December 14, 2010 and a suspicious death case was booked under Section 174 of the CrPC.\"The post-mortem report suggested that the death was a natural one and we referred to the court for closure of the case,\" Shamshabad inspector C Anjaiah said. However, Pavan's wife Shakuntala suspected that he was murdered by a realtor with whom Pavan had several disputes in the past.According to police, the parcels of land of Pavan and the realtor were side by side in Thondupally.Suspecting that Pavan was murdered by the realtor, Shakuntala approached the high court as well as the senior police officers seeking re-investigation of the case.Responding to her requests, Pavan's remains were exhumed by police in the presence of local tahsildar and a spot re-postmortem was conducted by an Osmania General Hospital forensic team.\"Further investigation will be carried out based on the post-mortem report,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786441", "title": "Welspun seeks rs 480cr govt grant", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Welspun consortium, the sole bidder for the multi-crore Vizhinjam seaport has offered Rs 1,100 crore as the private partner's share in the phase-I of the project. But they have also requested a grant of Rs 479.54 crore, spread over 16 years, as operating cost from the government.The bid for selection of port operator for the Vizhinjam International Seaport Limited (VISL) was opened here on Monday by the bid opening committee consisting of A S Suresh Babu, managing director and CEO of VISL; Jayasankar Prasad, chief operating officer of the VISL and V Anil Kumar, joint secretary, ports department in the presence of representatives of international finance corporation who are the project advisors.The concession period for the bid is 30 years and the revised estimated cost of the project is Rs 4,010 crore out of which the port operator was expected to bring in Rs 970 crores.\"The financial bid and the numbers stated are subject to responsiveness check and financial evaluation by the project advisors. The company expects to receive the report from the advisors by Friday,\" Suresh Babu said.The bid evaluation report from the advisors shall be put up to the empowered committee under the chairmanship of the chief secretary, government of Kerala, and the recommendations of the committee shall be forwarded to the state government for aA decision on the matter.Out of the 12 qualified bidders, two had submitted the bids in response to the request for proposal (RFP) -- Welspun Consortium and Mundra Port and Special Economic Zone (India). After the ministry of home affairs denied clearance to the Mundra Ports and SEZ it left the consortium of Welspun Infratech, Welspun Corp and Welspun-Leighton became the sole bidder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11787179", "title": "Prez to be presented world's smallest Gita, to unfurl longest tricolour", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Two days ahead of her arrival in Kurukshetra, the office of President Pratibha Patil has permitted a village youth to gift his handwritten Gita, the smallest in the world, to the first lady of the country.The President will be the chief guest at the convocation of Kurukshetra University, scheduled to be held on Wednesday, wherein Prime Minister of Mauritius , Navin Chandra Ramgoolam will receive honorary DLitt degree.Sandeep Bhatt (31), who wrote the tiny Gita, which entered the Limca Book of Records in 2005 for being the smallest Gita in the world, belongs to Pathreri village of Ambala district. Its length is 1.7 cm while width is 1.5 cm. \"It's surprising that President responded to my request so quickly,\" Bhatt told TOI, adding that he had sent the request a few days back.Apart from receiving world's smallest Gita, the President will unfurl world's longest tricolor flag at Brahmsarovar (pond of Lord Brahma) in Kurukshetra. The 90-feet long and 60-feet wide flag will be hoisted on a 270 feet high pole. Incharge of Flag Foundation of India, KV Singh, said they have spent Rs 81,000 on the flag and Rs 41 lakh on the pole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785923", "title": "Peoples' fight for livelihood finds increasing support from church", "text": "PANAJI: Bismarque Dias, 47, is a hard-headed social worker in the St Estevam island of Tiswadi. This time around, he has decided to stand for the March 3 assembly elections and voice public concerns on mining, tourism and construction in the state. What has raised eyebrows is the fact that he is a Catholic priest.Dias' act of taking up peoples' issues is a sign of the rising involvement of the Catholic church in protest movements in western and southern India.The last five years have seen the Catholic church backing the anti-SEZ protests in Mumbai, particularly in the Gorai-Manori area, backing Anna Hazare's fight against corruption and supporting protests against the construction of nuclear plants in Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra. The trend clearly indicates that the church is increasingly getting involved in different protests as people fight for their civic rights and their livelihood.The archbishop of Mumbai, cardinal Oswald Gracias, came out openly in support of Anna Hazare's campaign against corruption, a move which surprised many Christians in the region.In a similar vein, Dias said, \"I have the backing of the church and I want to fight the mining lobby as well as unchecked tourism and construction activity which is causing havoc in the state.''The church's current stand on development issues has led observers to compare the current involvement to the church's backing of the fishermen's agitation against mechanized trawlers in Kerala and Goa in the 1980s and the Harit Vasai movement in the Mumbai region in the early 1990s which was initiated to fight the exploitation of green areas by big builders.These movements were inspired by a radical change in thinking among church leaders under the influence of liberation theology which came in from Latin America and sought to fuse elements of Marxian thought into Christian teaching.Fr Anthony Charanghat, the editor of the influential Catholic weekly in Mumbai, 'The Examiner', pointed out that the current involvement of the church is aimed at supporting struggles which are against the displacement of people and the right of people to fight for their livelihood.Looking for examples from the past, activist priest Fr Cedric Prakash of Ahmedabad, known for his outspoken protests against the Modi government on civic rights, said, \"Priests need to be involved in genuine political activity. Look at the life of Jesus, he hit out at the ruling classes of his time. The Bible is full of his criticism of the political class, whether in the temple establishment or the social establishment.''\"The church is getting involved in peoples' issues because of priests responding to real life situations. It is not yet a movement,'' said sociologist Fr Anthony Dias, director of the Xavier Centre for Social Studies in Mumbai. He describes the current involvement as a an awakening among Church leaders.Church circles pointed out that the current movement is bound to run into opposition from leaders within the church hierarchy. \"Many of the church institutions are influential and elitist, they will not be able to back protest movements for very long, the conservatives will prevail,'' they predicted.The recently-held Catholic bishops' conference meet in Bangalore supported initiatives to help the poor and the marginalized.For now, the church leaders seem to be happy to be among the ranks of the protestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789501", "title": "Ajay Devgn gets 15 days to grow his hair", "text": "The actor's current short crop has stalled the remaining schedule of Priyadarshan'sTezzAjay Devgn's hair has acted as a speedbreaker in the shooting schedule of Priyadarshan's action thriller Tezz. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the actor's current short hair look has posed a continuity problem for Priyadarshan , who had to postpone his film schedule by 15 days, allowing Ajay to grow his hair back.Producer Ratan Jain informed Mumbai Mirror, \"We had to postpone the shoot by two weeks. Ajay's look raised a continuity problem. He is currently shooting for Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan and sports really short hair. This doesn't fit with his Tezz look. Also, Ajay doesn't want to wear a wig. So we had no option but to wait.\"In fact, Jain had even joked with the actor, asking him to grow his hair fast. And Ajay had asked whether he should simply pull his hair to add length, revealed a source close to the production unit.According to the source, a song sequence in Tezz remains to be shot. A huge set had been erected at Film City for the shoot. The song featuring Ajay and lead actress Kangna Ranaut has been planned on a budget of Rs 1 crore. The song is being sung my Mohit Chauhan and the music has been composed by Sajid-Wajid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11785711", "title": "Hospital ruckus after child death", "text": "KOLKATA: Trouble broke out at a hospital off EM Bypass Medica Superspeciality Hospital ( MSH) on Monday morning after the death of a child who had been admitted there with burns.Relatives of six-year-old Ritoprabha Ghosh alleged medical negligence on part of the hospital, despite charging an exorbitant fee. Father Jayanta Ghosh has lodged a complaint with the Purba Jadavpur police station.Relatives claimed that the hospital did not have a burn specialist and the girl was treated by a child specialist. They also alleged that Ritoprabha's wounds weren't dressed properly and the hospital didn't update them on the patient's condition. A police team reached the hospital to prevent any untoward incident.The child had sustained burn wounds on January 28. She was first rushed to SSKM hospital where she received primary treatment. Unable to find a bed there, they shifted Ritoprabha to the hospital off EM Bypass later in the day. According to hospital sources, the patient's condition was bad when she was brought and it deteriorated as she developed septicemia. She died around 10.50 am on Monday.Relatives agitated after her death. They claimed the hospital did not have a burn specialist and the girl was treated by a child specialist. They also alleged that her wound was not dressed properly and that the hospital didn't keep them updated about the patient's condition. A police team reached the hospital to prevent any untoward incident.\"My daughter died due to negligence. Her burn injury was not that severe. They did not treat her properly despite charging a huge sum. We were also not informed about her death on time,\" alleged father Jayanta Ghosh, a resident of Charu market. The hospital had handed a bill of Rs 4.70 lakh to the family for the treatment. After they paid half the amount, the body was handed over to them in the afternoon. Ghosh later filed a complaintagainst the hospital, accusing it of medical negligence. The complaint has specific allegations against paediatrician Dr Ashok Mittal, under whom the girl was being treated.The hospital authorities said the girl had suffered burn wounds on her legs and the front portion of the body, including the thoracic region. They claimed that a medical board was formed and the family was apprised of the patient's condition periodically.\"The patient had suffered 40% burns. Her septicemia had deteriorated so much that antibiotics stopped working. Five days back, the hospital asked parents to sign a high-risk bond. and told them about the severity of the infection.The parents were counselled thrice a day on the condition of their child. The bill was never an issue. We tried our best to save the child. Losing a child is a trauma for parents and, therefore, they have labeled false allegations against us,\" said Dr Alok Roy, the CEO of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784584", "title": "Stabber wanted to be a film star", "text": "MUMBAI: The 20-year-old domestic help who attempted to kill his employers in Goregaon on Sunday had come to the city to make it big in the movies. Narendra Kajal, the accused, was remanded in cop custody till February 13 by a metropolitan court in Borivli on Monday.On Sunday morning, Kajal had stabbed Ashok and Parmeshwari Basak at their apartment in Motilal Nagar-I. Kajal alleged that the couple hadn't paid him for the past two months and would verbally abuse him. The Basaks were shifted to the Siddharth Hospital in Goregaon by their neighbours and then shifted to Nair Hospital.\"Parmeshwari was operated upon on Sunday night. She is currently stable but we will still need to observe her for three to four days,\" said Dr Ravi Rananavare, dean of Nair Hospital. \"Ashok was discharged on Monday following treatment.\"\"During investigation, we learnt that Kajal had run away from his home at Sonpath in Haryana after stealing Rs 25,000-Rs 30,000. He landed up in Pune where he was defrauded of some of his money. He then moved to Mumbai where he met the Basaks,\" said senior inspector Arun Jadhav.Kajal was hopeful that the Basaks would give him a break in movies, when he found out that they were scriptwriters for Bhojpuri cinema. Instead, the couple employed him to do household work and to look after their five pet dogs. They promised to send his salary to his family at Haryana. Kajal lost his temper when the couple wouldn't pay his salary. He also used to consume drugs and was intoxicated when he stabbed his employers, police said.\"We are also probing if Kajal could have had some other motive to hurt the Basaks,\" a police officer said. The couple's neighbours had prevented Kajal from fleeing by blocking the entrance to the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784450", "title": "Ghumar starts on a slow note", "text": "JAIPUR: After a gap of seven years, the Rajasthan University's youth festival 'Ghumar' finally kicked off at the campus on Monday. Despite strong rumours of clashes, the event did not witness any incident of violence or unruly behaviour.However, the three-day festival lacked the youthful vibe and enthusiasm owing to the overwhelming presence of cops at the venue.Former justice N K Jain inaugurated the festival which was followed by various competitions being organized for students from various city colleges. Solo and group dance competitions saw huge participation. Mimicry competition was another big crowd puller at the fest.The festival, though touted as an international event, managed to get only Nepal's Tribhuvan University's participation. The sole 'international' participant college however, got a lot of crowd support during various competitions. Host team was also cheered by the audience.The day's show stealer was star boxer and Olympic medal winner Vijender Singh who was greeted with a loud cheer. The Jat boxer addressed the audience with a \"namaskar, aadab and satsriakal\" even as girls whistled and gave catcalls.Singh went down the memory lane and talked about his days as a ticket collector at the Jaipur railway station. \"Mera Jaipur se poorana naata hai. Naukari ki hai mainey yahan,\" he said.The boxer, touched by the warm welcome, gave in to the audience demand and danced to the popular Bollywood track \"Tainu leke jawan\". Later, the boxer also shook hands with star-struck boys and girls at the venue.Vijender gets trainee cop as a fanIt's not just the young-pretty-things whom boxer Vijender Singh has floored with his good looks. At the youth festival, trainee sub-inspector Antim Sharma was running after Singh for an autograph. The trainee cop chased the boxer to his car. \"Sir, I am your biggest fan,\" she said and requested him to pose for a photograph. Singh was only too happy to oblige.Horror of Jaipur blasts recalledThe festival's anchor Price Ruby who has been associated with it for over two decades recalled the horror of Jaipur serial blasts and urged youths to stay away from violence. He cited a few Urdu couplets on peace and harmony, and appreciated the police's effort to ensure better management at the event.RUSU president's Jaisalmer connectRajasthan University Students Union president Prabha Chaudhary ensured artistes from her home district Jaisalmer get to perform at the youth fest. Langa and Manganiyar artistes performed popular folk songs such as 'Padharo mhare desh'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11787701", "title": "\u2018Ego hurt, Shripad rejected ticket\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: It was most unlike Shripad Naik to force the Bharatiya Janata Party to accede to his demands. He did it and when the party bosses met the demands, Naik, again acting against form, spurned the offer.Looking to enter state politics Naik first made the demand for the BJP ticket from Porvorim in August last year with the BJP national president. After much vacillation the party cleared his name last week, the announcement being made by party chief Nitin Gadkari.Naik turned this down citing that it left him too little time to campaign. Party sources, however, say there is more to this, a hurt ego being why he acted in this manner. Sources said that while making Naik the ticket offer, BJP had put in the rider that he would not claim the chief minister's post if the party came to power. \"Naik wanted Gadkari to announce his name as the leader of party before he entered state politics,\" sources said.Interacting with media persons on Sunday, Gadkari had said, \"We will fight under the leadership of BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar, opposition leader Manohar Parrikar, Shripad Naik and Dhavlikar brothers.\" Sources said this statement had led Naik to reject the ticket offer. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785843", "title": "NCC cadets set sail on the Bay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thirty NCC cadets of the Navy wing set sail on the Bay of Bengal on Monday. They are on a 10-day sea expedition that started from Bhadrak's Dhamra port. The 400 km voyage will conclude at Gopalpur beach on February 15.The sailors will halt at Pentha and Jambhu in Kendrapara district, Paradip and Siali in Jagatsinghpur district, Astarang, Konark, Puri and Chilka mouth in Puri district, and Prayagi in Ganjam district. Ten girls drawn from different prominent colleges of the state are also part of the team.Bhadrak district collector Akshay Kumar Pani flagged off the two naval whaler boats. \"The cadets will interact with the locals and visit various places of importance during the halts,\" according to a release by Dhamra Port Company Ltd (DPCL).The sailing expedition is being conducted under the joint supervision of NCC group headquarters, Cuttack and NCC directorate. Earlier, DPCL had facilitated a five-day training session of the cadets on the port premises. \"An interaction programme with NCC cadets and their commanding officers was arranged to create awareness among students and teachers of schoold on the periphery of Dhamra Port about NCC and the historic ocean sailing expedition,\" the release said. Around 100 NCC, scout and guides and junior Red Cross cadets from local schools participated in the interaction programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new shivaji nagar", "code": "11786866", "title": "Jimmy ready to rock with 2 new releases", "text": "NEW SHIVAJI NAGAR: Like any youngster, he was fascinated by the glamour and clamor of fashion world, and like a typical parent, his father thought the field has nothing to offer to their son.But they were proved wrong, as after acting in more than 350 Punjabi albums, Jimmy Sharma is now ready to rock with two new releases, one Bollywood and another Pollywood. In both the movies , he plays the lead.In city to attend his brother Honey Sharma's wedding, New Shivaji Nagar resident Jimmy said since childhood, modelling and acting had held a special fascination for him. During his school days, he used to participate in drama competitions and won many prizes. In 2002, his dream came true when he got a chance to act in a Punjabi music album. After that, there was no looking back.In 2010, his Punjabi movie \"Mar Jawa Gur Kha K\" became a hit and he shifted base to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785317", "title": "TATR to establish baseline water quality system", "text": "NAGPUR: The Tadoda-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) is fast adapting to environment-friendly water technology. After portable instant water purifiers Neeri-Zars and 'Phytorid' wastewater treatment technology, the park has decided to establish baseline water quality by collecting samples from artificial and natural water holes.VK Sinha, chief conservator of forests ( CCF) &amp; field director of TATR, confirmed that water samples will be collected from water holes and Tadoba lake in TATR by scientists from National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI).\"The idea is to have descriptive water quality information in a format usable for park planning and management. It will ensure the integrity of park water quality, due to its importance in sustaining natural and park ecosystems,\" Sinha told TOI. The project will be implemented with the help of water technology and management division (WTMD) of NEERI.Principal scientist and head of WTMD Pawankumar Labshetwar said NEERI has already collected water samples of Tadoba lake. The samples from artificial water holes will be collected in April when they are filled.\"We will establish a baseline of water quality. Although wild animals have good resistance power, we will find out whether such water can affect health of animals. No such studies have been done in the past,\" said Labshetwar.The TATR is surrounded by many industrial units, power plant and coal mines. Besides, there is pressure from tourists. How pollution from all these elements affect TATR water is not known. The project includes retrieve water quality and related data and develop a complete inventory of all retrieved data park-based water quality data management system, it seems.The TATR has already installed portable instant water purification system Neeri-Zars developed by NEERI at its protection huts. Besides, it is working on installing environment-friendly 'Phytorid' treatment technology system for disposal of waste water for rest houses and staff quarters. Sewage water entering the forests spoils its virginity and puts pressure on the eco-system, Sinha says.Labshetwar said NEERI has also collected water from villages inside TATR. \"We are compiling report on the samples taken,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790449", "title": "I don\u2019t want to be linked to politics: Vadivelu", "text": "The comedian reacts to rumours that he's trying to reconcile with the current governmentAfter a year-long hiatus of his missing presence on the big screen, where after vehemently campaigning for the DMK, and his vitriolic remarks against Vijaykanth, Mambattiyan, was touted as Vadivelu's comeback release. Post developments in the current political scenario - with Vijaykanth falling out with the Chief Minister - the buzz is that the actor/comedian, is trying to take advantage of the turn in tide.He now, apparently, wants to make peace with the ruling party to resurrect his career in Kollywood. When CT contacted the actor, he says, \"Right now, I have to take care of my Amma, my mother who is not keeping well. Hopefully, she will recover soon. I am an actor first and will continue to be an entertainer. Politics is something I don't want to be linked up with at the moment. As for these reports about me seeking reconciliation, there is no end to one's imagination. It is all about time, which works in one's favours sometimes or goes against one at times. And my focus will be only on acting.\"As for his acting plans, he says, \"As I have said earlier, I am looking to do a hero role. And there is something on the cards, which I will be announcing soon. This film that I sign will be my comeback to Kollywood The role I play will be in a lighter vein,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11788528", "title": "Projection of SP as an ally may backfire on Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress strategy to enthuse workers by being seen as an SP ally in government has hit the law of diminishing returns, triggering concerns in the party that it would hurt its strategy of poaching into Mulayam Singh Yadav's votebank.The denials closer to UP's first phase of elections, with Rahul Gandhi ruling out a tie-up after elections, appear aimed at ensuring that floating groups toying with the Congress option do not stop midway . The key worry is about the social blocs that Congress was aiming to wean away from the Samajwadi bag.While Muslims are an overlapping base between the two, the backward castes Congress is wooing in central and eastern UP are another Samajwadi base. The perception of a post-poll tie-up may dampen spirits among the army of Samajwadi turncoats contesting as Rahul's men across the central region that is Mulayam's pocket borough. Congress has staked all in wooing these sections, devising policy interventions like job quota and sub-categorisation to underline its seriousness. But if convinced that their drift to Congress would not change much in terms of power alliance, they could just stay put in their \"homes\".The concern is writ large in the vociferous denials from the Congress camp. AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi on Monday backed the \"no tie-up\" claim saying, \"UP is witnessing a Congress wave\". The delayed concern in Congress only betrays the dilemma of a marginal player in battleground UP. Rahul Gandhi's \"we will be in power\" remark at a review meeting in December was essentially to jolt his indifferent lieutenants into serious campaigning. In the face of demoralized ranks, the sniff of power was the simplest way to goad the \"Congressmen talking of SP performance\" into action, especially since they have been out of power for two decades.But its repeated echo during the campaign deepened the belief about alliance with SP, with obvious flip side if also benefits. With first phase of voting just 24 hours away, few are ready to believe that Congress and SP would not tie up, especially since alliance with BSP is ruled out.Not that it could have been different without UP polls. The perception of Manmohan and Mulayam being potential allies is embedded in the Central compulsions, the fresh provocation being the pinpricks of Trinamool Congress which have forced AICC strategists to revisit the Samajwadi option. The possibility of tieup at the Centre only fed the speculations in the state.Elections news 2012Uttar Pradesh assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785706", "title": "Std XI admission process to start after online results?", "text": "PUNE: The junior college admission process is likely to start as soon as the results are declared online and students won't have to wait for the marksheets. A proposal in this regard has been sent by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education to the state government.Board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav on Monday said the government is likely to approve the proposal and, as a result, admissions would happen at least 10 days in advance. \"We will implement the system this year itself if the proposal is cleared by the government,\" he said. \"For the last two years, we have been declaring the results online, uploading subject-wise marks. It takes about 10 days for the board to print and distribute the hard copies of the marksheets among colleges, which later hand over the same to the students. We have proposed that at least the preliminary procedure for admission must begin based on the online results to avoid delay,\" Jadhav said.Admission to junior colleges would take place once the student got the hard copy of the marksheet, a copy of which had to be submitted with the college to get the application form. \"We have suggested that students could get a printout of the online marks and submit it to the college. Of course, the authenticity of the printouts can be verified,\" Jadhav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11787742", "title": "Watch the quality of drops you gulp down", "text": "BANGALORE: Wonder why the number of health threats and disorders is increasing by the day? Blame it on the fluoride-rich water you consume. Apart from causing metabolic disorders, the deadly fluoride can lead to anaemia in pregnant women and adolescent girls, maternal mortality, neonatal death, infant mortality and iodine deficiency disorders in children. Presenting her study on 'Water quality and health' at the World Water Summit recently, Prof AK Susheela, executive director of Fluorosis Research and Rural Development Foundation, New Delhi, said: \"Despite an investment of Rs 120 lakh crore to provide safe water to the rural population, a lot remains to be done. Surprisingly, India still believes that iron and folic acid tablets will help solve the problem. But it hasn't happened for the past four decades.\" \"Like Ghana, Pakistan , Ethiopia , Myanmar and Nigeria, India needs to adopt a mix of short/long-term and interim measures to tackle the situation. Treatment technologies are indigenously developed but have failed to click with the community. This is primarily due to lack of maintenance of treatment plants,'' she added. SHORT-TERM SOLUTIONS Groundwater sources should be tested for fluoride content in every habitation. This will help identify safe from unsafe sources. Safe sources should be protected and recharged during rainy season. \"For this to happen, we must set up state-of-the-art water-quality testing laboratories - block-wise - unlike the existing labs in districts. Added to that, refresher courses should be held to train manpower on a regular basis,\" she said.LONG-TERM MEASURES How do we find a permanent solution to the crisis? \"Keeping the vast river basins in mind, it will be wise to make use of water from snow-fed and rain-dependent rivers for drinking purposes after appropriate treatment,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785719", "title": "City dwellers stall culling operations", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Culling operations were affected in slums here after residents refused to part with their poultry birds on Monday, while the Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) silently suffered the loss of its entire stock of fowls used for research.\"We are not able to cull birds in certain slums and residential localities as the people did not cooperate with us,\" said an officer engaged in culling in parts of the state capital to prevent spread of bird flu.During day two of culling operations at the Central Poultry Development Organisation (where bird flu virus was detected on Friday) near the Kalinga Stadium and surrounding areas within three km of it, people, especially in slums, preferred to hide domesticated fowls. Consequently, as against an estimated over 8000 domesticated poultry birds in the \"alert zone\", government staff could eliminate only 299, official sources said.\"We are finding it difficult to convince the local people as they are not happy with the compensation being fixed for culling. Moreover, some are fond of their birds and do not want those to be killed,\" an officer pointed out. The government compensates bird owners at the following rates: Rs 70 for each layer bird (big size) and Rs 30 for each layer bird (small); Rs 60 for each broiler bird (big) and Rs 30 for each broiler bird (small); Rs 75 for each duck (big) and Rs 35 for duck (small); Rs two each for an egg and Rs six for each kg for bird feed.Culling activities, however, proceeded smoothly at CPDO where the remaining 9004 birds were decapitated and buried on Monday. A total of 20,000 fowls were killed at CPDO, a central government agency, on Sunday. Around one lakh eggs and large quantities of poultry feed would be damaged in the next couple of days, official sources said.OUAT, the state's premier agriculture varsity, also lost all its 7524 birds which were stocked at its farm for research purposes. \"We are deeply saddened by the loss. Our birds were helping us in research on coloured broilers. We had two genetic lines; we might get one line from outside the state but the other line could be lost permanently,\" said N C Beheru, an officer associated with the research project. \"We have informed our superiors in Hyderabad. They would take a call on how to proceed with out research.\" OUAT is one of the four places in the country where Indian Council of Agriculture Research is funding projects on coloured broilers. Going by protocol, the OUAT farm will remain shut for at least three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784428", "title": "Biker arrested for roughing up BEST driver who pushed him off the road", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vikhroli police on Sunday arrested a motorcyclist for assaulting a BEST bus driver.Govandi resident Abdul Sheikh (37) was waiting at a signal on Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road (JVLR) in Vikhroli (West) around 8 pm. He was on his way home from work. To his right was a BEST bus. As the signal turned green, the bus driver, Sanjay Waghmare (29), stepped on the pedal, accelerating quickly. The vehicle took a sharp left turn, almost grazing the biker, forcing him off the road. Going into a frenzy of anger, Sheikh chased the bus till he overtook it. He halted in front of the bus, forcing it to stop.He got off the motorcycle, clambered onto the bus driver's hatch, forced it open and yanked Waghmare out of the vehicle.Sheikh started punching the driver. When the latter returned the favour, Sheikh rushed back to his motorcycle, pulled a stick out of a bag and returned. Then he started beating Waghmare with it furiously, injuring him in the eye. Around 8.30 pm, a police patrol van stopped at the spot. Its occupants intervened, stopped the brawl, and took Sheikh and Waghmare to the Vikhroli police station.After registering a cross-complaint, the police arrested Sheikh for assaulting a government servant on duty. Based on his complaint, Waghmare was booked for rash and negligent driving. The driver was allowed to leave and told to resume his journey with his passengers.\"I reacted to the bus driver's casual approach and negligent driving that could have cost my life,\" wrote Sheikh in his complaint, according to a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784188", "title": "State to take action against bomb suit supplier, babus", "text": "MUMBAI: The home department on Monday decided to initiate criminal proceedings against the supplier of a consignment of bomb disposal suits and start departmental probe against government officials who were suspected to be involved in the multi-crore scam over the procurement of the suits.This comes a day after the anti-corruption bureau submitted a report to the government on the scam.\"We have accepted the report submitted by the ACB. Going by the procedure, we propose to book the supplier for cheating and forgery and a departmental probe will be started against certain police and Mantralaya officials for rampant irregularities while finalizing the deal,\" U C Sarangi, additional chief secretary (home), told TOI on Monday.In his confidential report, ACB director-general Sanjeev Dayal has recommended criminal proceedings against supplier Biman Agarwal and a probe against senior IPS official Shrikant Tarwade and then joint secretary (home) G J Rasal besides more than a dozen junior officials in the home department and the DGP's office.Following the 26/11 attack, the state home department floated tenders for the supply of 82 bomb disposal suits, as a part of the modernization of the police force. The contract was awarded to Agarwal's firm. The home department released the entire payment of Rs 6.25 crore to the firm on March 31, 2009, even now, the suits have not been supplied to the DGP office. After P K Jain took over the reins of the home (special) department, he found the deal \"suspicious and dubious\" and urged the DGP for a probe.In February 2011, Sarangi asked the ACB to probe the deal and submit a report. At the same time, home minister R R Patil directed the home department to stop all payments being made to Agarwal's firm.After recording the statements of Agarwal, Jain, then additional director-general of police Subhash Awate, Tarwade and Rasal, the ACB found rampant irregularities in the deal and that several officials took all possible steps to favour the supplier. \"The way Agarwal dealt the tender process, it amounts to forgery and cheating. Also the officials handling the proposal did not follow the proper procedure. On part of Agarwal, there was violation of conditions for providing bank guarantee. The suits were substandard and though it was said all 82 of them were imported from the US, 36 were from China,\" a senior ACB official said.Agarwal denied the charges, saying he was ready to supply all the suits immediately after he was awarded the tender, but the government was reluctant to accept the consignment.When TOI first reported on the scam on September 29, 2011, Agarwal had said, \"I had a prolonged correspondence with the home department, my consignment is ready and I am prepared to deliver it to the state.\" At that time, the home department had said it would not accept the suits without pre-inspecting them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790463", "title": "Yes, I pull strings: Lakshmi Manchu", "text": "The actress-filmmaker talks to Chennai Times about her K-Town debut film Maranthein Mannithen, Mani Ratnam's Kadal and moreLakshmi Manchu, who's debuting in K-Town with Maranthein Mannithen..., chose a newbie to direct her film. And for someone who hails from a filmi family, this was an unusual move. \"I could have chosen anyone to direct my film as I've grown up in this industry. From Shankar to Murugadoss, I know them all. But, it was this subject that got me excited,\" says the actress.\"The film deals with the 1986 floods, which forms the backdrop of the film, and the lives of four individuals (Aadhi, Sundeep, Taapsee and Lakshmi) playing the lead roles,\" she reveals Lakshmi. The actress is also excited to be part of Mani Ratnam's next film, Kadal. \"When I signed the film, I just couldn't believe it. It was to have taken off on February 1 but the ongoing strike has led to the delay,\" she says.For a strong-willed actor who worked her way into films in Hollywood where her family name didn't mean as much, quiz her if she's ever used her name to pull strings and she replies, \"I pull strings all the time, from last minute movie tickets to special darshans at temples. When you're in showbiz, you earn this privilege and I've no qualms accepting that I do use them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11787600", "title": "Will scrap e-way deal, NHAI tells high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has informed Delhi high court that it will stick to its decision to slap a termination notice against the concessionaire of Gurgaon Expressway.NHAI told Justice S Muralidhar that it had heard the objections of the concessionaire and concluded that it wants to end the partnership. The court has given NHAI four days to serve the notice and place it before the court on March 1.HC had earlier given both disputing parties 15 days to work out a solution after NHAI slapped a notice terminating the developer's contract to run the corridor. Residents' groups in Gurgaon have been demanding removal of the toll plaza because of the concessionaire's alleged failure to manage traffic.The dispute between NHAI and the expressway concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), follows a preliminary notice sent by the Authority on December 7 asking the concessionaire to submit its reply within a fortnight. NHAI responded by filing caveats in high courts in Delhi and Punjab and Haryana against an expected challenge by the concessionaire. Soon after, the concessionare approched Delhi HC challenging the termination and got an interim stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790509", "title": "Mugamoodi: One for the Music", "text": "Looks like work on Mysskin's superhero film, Mugamoodi, is on at full swing.While the director is busy working on the production details, its music composer K says he has already recorded three songs for the film. K informs, \"In our last venture together, Yuddham Sei (YS), we didn't have much scope to insert songs. But in Mugamoodi, we are planning to include four songs. All the numbers will be different from YS, in the sense that there's scope for showcasing variety. Though the songs will not have a superhero flavour to it, there is definitely a theme music that will capture the fancy of the listeners. And no, it's unlikely that Mysskin will repeat his yellow-sari-song in this film!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784868", "title": "Jewellery shop burgled near Chiloda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A jewellery shop near Chiloda was burgled. Gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 7.85 lakh was stolen from the premises. Police have started search for the thieves on basis of modus operandi used in the theft.According to Gandhinagar police officials, Dashrath Solanki, a resident of Gandhinagar and owner Prince Jewellers at Shivam Complex on Chiloda Road filed a complaint in this regard. As per his complaint, he was at his shop on Sunday morning and closed it at 2 pm. When he went to the shop at 10 am on Monday, he found locks on the shutters broken and the shutter bent from middle. The displays were broken and gold jewellery and silverware including idols, gift articles were stolen.\"A couple of gangs operate around Gandhinagar that has modus operandi of entering the shop after bending the shutter. We have started identifying probable suspects in the incident,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11785893", "title": "UP assembly polls: Netas rush to beat campaign deadline before Round 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: With campaigning for the first phase of assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh drawing to a close, political leadership from across parties went into poll overdrive on Monday.In the first of UP's 7-phase assembly elections, 55 constituencies across 10 districts will go to the hustings on February 8.Bharatiya Janata Party appeared to have put the maximum numbers into wooing voters in the state; while 11 state and national leaders campaigned through UP on Sunday evening, on Monday, 6 BJP leaders -national President Nitin Gadkari, Murli Manohar Joshi, Rajnath Singh, Uma Bharti, Sushil Modi and Yogi Aditya Nath focused their energies on winning over voters.Even an injured hip could not keep firebrand BJP leader Uma Bharti away from rally grounds. Addressing her campaign rallies from the confines of a wheelchair, Bharti was her usual self at gatherings in Barabanki, Siddharth Nagar, Faizabad, Sant Kabir Nagar, Azamgarh and Gorakhpur.Not letting up on her trademark aggression, Bharti said she prefer to drown in River Saryu rather than enter an alliance with Samajwadi Party or Bahujan Samaj Party, should the BJP fall short of the majority mark in the upcoming polls.Bharti also accused SP of being an opportunistic party, while attacking SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for not being interested in public welfare. Her political bete noir Mayawati was not spared either. Saying the incumbent Chief Minister was responsible for committing atrocities against Dalits, Bharti held Mayawati responsible for poor law and order situation in UP.If BJP leaders were busy taking up for corruption free governance in UP, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, after camping in UP for nearly all of the past few months, addressed public rallies in Varanasi and Ghazipur.Leaving the state leadership and party candidates to wrap up the campaign process for the first phase, Rahul focused, instead, on insisting he had learn never to give up from his grandmother Indira and would remain on UP soil to change the state's fortunes.After taking a day's rest on Sunday, even Chief Minister Mayawati was back on the campaign trail.Addressing rallies in Kushinagar and Gorakhpur, Mayawati attacked the Congress leadership for the rumour-mongering it was indulging in. Warning the masses against the Congress leadership, she said: \"Opposition parties are worried because of the popularity of the BSP government. As a result, they do their best to malign the image of the party.'' Mayawati was also at pains to emphasise the developmental activities undertaken by her party-the Buddhist circuit, development in Ambedkar Villages and electrification projects for the state.Though political parties will have much at stake during the first phase, several individual leaders will have to battle it out for a place in the UP elections too. In Ayodhya, 5-time BJP MLA Lallu Singh will have to prove whether he can, once again, capitalize on the temple issue to win over votes. In Faizabad, SP's Abhay Singh and in Ambedkar Nagar's Katehari seat, BSP minister Lalji Verma will be the key persons to watch out for.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11784889", "title": "Use portable ultrasonic devices to reduce fatalities: Experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Emergency paramedical services of Gujarat are all set to get a shot in the arm. Medical experts have proposed use of portable ultrasonic devices in all the government hospitals and ambulances to scan patients right at the stage of admission or while being taken into an ambulance. This, said experts, will save precious time and even lives.The topic was discussed at three-day workshop which began on Monday titled 'International Ultrasound &amp; Simulation for Emergency Medicine &amp; Critical Care.' It is being attended by 50 doctors and more than 100 paramedics at GCS Medical College. Organizers said that the workshop is aimed to establish education and training center to improve status of emergency support system. The workshop is conducted in association with University of Southern California (USC).Dr Sharad Vyas, director of Emergency Medial Services Authority (EMSA), said that trauma continues to be one of the major causes of death in India and better emergency services is need of the hour. \"We have proposed use of portable ultrasonic scanners in ambulances and at the trauma centers where the patients can be scanned to know any internal injuries or implications. Such scanners are already used for a year at Civil Hospital and we have got good results. We want to start a pilot project with a smaller district to see how it can help the doctors treating trauma patients better,\" he said.Dr William K Mallon of USC stated that proper care of the injured is a challenging task in a pre-hospital, emergency department and intensive care settings world over. \"The ultrasound applications help physicians make accurate and timely decisions. In emergency and trauma cases, ultrasound helps in providing rapid diagnosis of a patient's condition allowing life-saving action immediately,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11786100", "title": "Maya\u2019s brother owns a private airline: Kirit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party supremo and chief minister Mayawati's friends and family own a private aviation company Indiana Air Private Limited, BJP leader Kirit Somaiya charged on Monday. Addressing the reporters, Somaiya said that the company was set up by Maya's brother Anand Kumar's group of companies in 2011 with \"an intent to launder the loot of public money\".Chairperson of the BJP Scam Expose Committee, Somaiya also released relevant documents including memorandum of association, articles of association, the registration certificate of Indiana Air Private Ltd and disclosed other documentary evidence to establish the link between the company and Anand Kumar. \"The company has been registered with registrar of companies Delhi with address of Parmesh Corporate Tower Kakardooma, Delhi. Its main objects has described as carry on business in any part of the world as an airline and air transport and to provide air transport services and carry out all other forms of aerial work whether on charter terms or otherwise and to carry on any other trade of business or do anything which is calculated to facilitate or is auxiliary to or associated with such business.\"Then it can also among other things buy, sell, manufacture and repair aircraft let and taken on hire. Such a group of company Somaiyya said would normally require millions to carry on the business in any part of the world. Somaiyya said that the Indiana Air Private Limited is linked to Anand Kumar though web of companies. Anand and his wife Vichitralata own Ashish Constructions Pvt Ltd and Adept Realcon Pvt Ltd. These two companies, he said are controlled by DKB Infrastructure Pvt Ltd which again is a subsidiary of Anand's group. Anand, he said became owner of DKB i n f r a s t r u c t u r e through Agroha Savings Ltd.This is owned by Anand and Mayawati's family and friends. The airlines, Somaiyya claimed has been floated by the same group and has one dozen promoter directors, who have 300 spurious companies of which Indiana Air is also a part. Somaiyya has now demanded \"details and disclosures of the finance, financers and beneficiaries of Indiana Air Pvt Ltd and why the Centre granted permission to this company for civil aviation and air transport business.\" Significantly the BJP has already exposed 300 bogus companies of the chief minister's family and associates. Somaiyya added a few more - SDS Farmlands, SDS Housing, Front age investments and S2R infradevelopers owned by Anand Kumar to this list.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11785305", "title": "Child marriages averted in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: In the continuing raid against child marriages, two such scheduled weddings were stopped on Monday in the nick of time.In the first incident, the bride was said to be barely 13 years of age and the little girl was sought to be married to one Thiruppathi, the 30-year-old son of Raju from Nachaloor in Kulaithali block. After getting a tip off on Sunday night, the district social welfare officer, Yashodhai, accompanied by committee member advocate, Jayanthi Rani and police personnel descended in K K Nagar at around 10 pm on Sunday.The bride, daughter of Thiruppathi-Seshayee couple was interrogated by police. As there was no tangible evidence to determine the girl's age, the matter was referred to a government doctor who fixed the age of the girl between 12 and 14 years.Yashodhai filed a complaint with the police following which the groom to be was produced before the judicial magistrate II on Monday and remanded to judicial custody.In the second incident, a 17-year-old girl who had dropped out from school this year to opt for the premature marriage was interrogated by the officers. When questioned, the girl retorted saying that it was her wish that she wanted to get married to her uncle, Perumal (29), an industrial worker. However, her school certificate proved she was underage for the marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11787169", "title": "Social media more addictive than cigarettes", "text": "WASHINGTON: Cannot resist your urge to tweet or check emails? Don't get surprised, as a new study has found that checking email and social media is more addictive than cigarettes and alcohol.US researchers who carried out an experiment to test the will power of 205 people, aged 18 to 85, in the German city of Wurtzburg found that most of them were more likely to give in to urge to tweet or check email than other cravings like drinking or smoking.\"Desires for media may be comparatively harder to resist because of their high availability and also because it feels like it does not 'cost much' to engage in these activities, even though one wants to resist,\" said lead researcher Wilhelm Hofmann at Chicago University's Booth Business School.In the experiment using BlackBerry devices, participants were asked seven times a day over the course of a week to identify desires they were experiencing and the strength of said desires.The team sifted through thousands of responses and came up with some telling results. Thankfully, the study showed we're all not slaves to vice and distraction, as the need for sleep and leisure topped the list.However, next on the list of \"self-control failure rates\" was checking in with social media, email and work - ahead of the urge to have a Camel Light, while sipping on that glass of 12-year single malt scotch. \"With cigarettes and alcohol there are more costs - long-term as well as monetary - and the opportunity may not always be right one,\" Hofmann said. \"So, even though giving in to media desires is certainly less consequential, the frequent use may still 'steal' a lot of people's time,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786502", "title": "Metro all set to derail livelihood, fear hawkers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metro Rail Project threatens to displace an estimated 40,000 street vendors across the city. At a meeting of various hawkers' associations held in Gudimalkapur on Monday, hawkers demanded that their livelihoods be protected.Inayat Ali Baquiri, general secretary, National Hawkers' Federation (AP), said, \"We pla n to protest against the metro rail project. If affected shop owners are given alternatives, hawkers must be given earmar ked hawking zones. The development of the city is important but not at the cost of a poor man's income.\" The associations plan to stage a dharna at the Assembly on March 30.They also sought the implementation of the Supreme Court order on the protection of the livelihoods of hawkers. Shaktiman Ghosh, general secretary, National Hawkers' Federation, said, \"The Supreme Court had asked state governments to provide for the protection of street vendors by June 30, 2011, since it recognised vendors carrying out their business as a fundamental right. The order remains unimplemented and, therefore, is a blatant contempt of court.\" He said that the policy and bill were first drafted in Andhra Pradesh and that it was unfortunate that hawkers remain ignored.Hawkers also demanded that the Model Street Vendors Bill - which provides for protection of the livelihoods and regulates street vending -be passed at the Centre and state level, as it would protect them from displacement due to the metro rail project.Representatives of various hawker associations said that a mere policy for the protection of their businesses was inadequate. They demanded an Act to be passed by Parliament which would protect them from harassment by police and GHMC officials. With governments of various states including Maharashtra, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Rajasthan, having implemented the policy, hawkers questioned why the AP government had failed to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11785942", "title": "Aqua show for ornamental fish lovers from Feb 10", "text": "KOCHI: Colourful ornamental fishes will be the star attraction at the 6th India International Aqua Show (IIAS) 2012,which will be held from February 10-14 at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium here.Of the 120 exhibition stalls being set up, there will be representations from Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat and West Bengal, besides foreign participants from the US, Singapore, Malayasia, Singapore and Maldives. There will be 12 stalls which will feature the latest fishing accessories and gear. Fisheries minister K Babu told mediapersons that Maldivian fisheries and agriculture minister Ibrahim Didi would be the chief guest at the function which would be inaugurated by chief minister Oommen Chandy . Union minister of state for consumer affairs K V Thomas, MPs and MLAs will be present on the occasion. Overseas Indian affairs minister Vayalar Ravi will inaugurate the seminar on February 11, which will discuss Kerala's potential as an ornamental fish exporting state. The country's export of ornamental fish stood below one per cent in the international market as against eight per cent of a smaller nation like Sri Lanka .Actor Kavya Madhavan will be the brand ambassador for IIAS. The event will feature a host of cultural programmes including a performance by Odissi dancer Ranjana Gaur, bharatanatyam by Shobhana, African acrobatics and UV light show. The five-day event will bring together exhibitors, breeders and traders for a buyer-seller meet which will present the export potential of Kerala as an ornamental fish producer. IIAS 2012 is being organized by the state department of fisheries through the state Fisheries Management Society (FIRMA) in association with the ministry of agriculture. Kerala Aqua Ventures International Ltd (KAVIL) and National Fisheries Development Board ( NFDB) will take part in the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787051", "title": "PGI union uses Gandhigiri for protest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: PGI employee union followed Gandhigiri by presenting flowers to one of their colleague who has not left the office even after completing his tenure.The executive body members of PGI employees union recently visited the director's office and presented roses and farewell card to S S Saini, former personal secretary to the former director K K Talwar, who has now been appointed as OSD. The union requested him to leave PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11787754", "title": "Symposium to boost interaction between clinical &amp; basic scientists", "text": "VARANASI: Molecular Biology Unit (MBU), Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is going to organise an international symposium on 'Molecular Therapeutics and Translational Medicine' on Tuesday.According to convener Prof Rajavashishth Tripathi, the increasing complexity of molecular and clinical information, growing barriers between clinical and basic researches and lack of multi and inter disciplinary investigators threatened to limit the successful translation of the complex molecular and clinical knowledge.MBU, in association with department of medicinal chemistry of the IMS, will make efforts to foster collaborative translational research with a particular focus on key inflammatory disease areas.The aim of the one-day symposium is to facilitate interactions between clinical and basic scientists working for different disease areas and foster the development of future leaders in translational medicine with sensitivity to health areas disproportionately affecting South Asian Indian populations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11785817", "title": "UP polls: Security forces frame new deployment policy", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state authorities in consultation with the ECI have decided to discard the much popular deployment formula that was implemented during elections. Now, the deployment of security forces at every polling station will be depend on the particular needs of the location.The formula used by the UP Police so far was based on N + 1 hypothesis. Here, N stood for number of pooling booths. Hence, a polling station with eight polling booths would have 8+1 = 9 as the strength of security personnel deployment on the particular polling station. This time the deployment will be done on the basis of threat perception that will be assessed for each polling station at least in hyper sensitive regions.This means that a polling centre with eight polling booths which would have had nine jawans for security can now have 30 jawans. This would not include the gate-picket, roof-top bunkers or foot patrol teamsApart from the central paramilitary forces engaged in election duty, the pattern of their deployment along with that of the state forces will be completely opposite to what it has been till now. Till now, paramilitary forces were used as reserves: in places where the state fell short of UPP, PAC and their auxiliary units. But this time, the state force and its auxiliary units will be in reserve as the security blanket will be led by the paramilitary forces. In rural areas, the EC is toying with the idea of deploying the minimum possible number of the state's units - only for the purpose of counter verification of the voter's identification in case they do not carry the Voter ID card.The EC plan on the paramilitary forces deployment includes positioning of forces on the ground about a week in advance, specially in sensitive and trouble-prone areas. \"They will accompany the state police in raids and searches for anti-social elements and gangs involved in manufacture of illicit weapons and liquor. This will help in conducting such raids in future in the region,\" said an officer. \"In case illicit liquor or countrymade firearms are seized during or after the election, then the responsibility for such laxity will be fixed on the officers of the state police deployed in the region,\" said a source, adding that all state police chiefs (or district police chiefs) have been advised by the EC to avert such a situation.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786465", "title": "Fund shortage hits school\u2019s e-toilet project", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The project to set up modern e-toilets at the Cotton Hill Girls Higher Secondary School at Vazhuthacaud, the biggest school for girls in the capital, has been stalled mid-way as the school authorities and the PTA could not find a sponsor for the initiative.The plan was made when Eram Scientific Solutions Pvt Ltd approached K S Sivakumar, PTA president of the school, a few months ago with the proposal of setting up e-toilets in the school.Eram had successfully set up e-toilets in many places, including the Museum compound. Although new toilet blocks have been built recently, none of them are sophisticated e-toilets that ensure maximum cleanliness. The proposed e-toilets will have an additional facility to destroy used sanitary napkin that is a major issue in all girls' schools. At present, the school has around 50 blocks of toilets for 4,800 students, with separate divisions for higher secondary and high school divisions.Though the new toilet blocks could solve the issue of acute shortage of toilets to an extent, the case of LP division still remain pathetic. The LP school in the campus has only seven toilets for the 704 students. \"There is always rush of students at the toilets and they are not clean either,\" says Sruthi S, a fourth standard student.\"We are in dire need of new toilets. But it's impossible to build new ones due to space crunch. What could be done is to demolish the current ones and build two storied blocks,\" says K J Premakumari, headmistress of the LP division.\"We have made the proposal for the same to the SSA to be implemented next year,\" she added.The high school and higher secondary school students find the situation more comfortable now. Babita Chandran, an eighth standard student said, \"We don't have much rush in the toilets. Sometimes, we might have to wait for a couple of minutes. That's all.\"\"Especially now that we have new blocks, and the old ones renovated, we feel they are sufficient,\" adds another student, Soundarya Ram.According to the PTA president, the efforts to set up e-toilets will continue. \"Though we have approached the city corporation and a few other organizations. We haven't received any assurance yet. The project would be revived as soon as we find a sponsor,\" said Sivakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11784432", "title": "Dara Singh fake encounter case: Officials on the run need to be arrested at any cost, SC tells CBI", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Supreme Court has again come down heavily on the CBI for failing to nab the officials on the run in the Dara Singh fake encounter case. The agency, on Monday, filed a status report before the SC in the fake encounter case and sought another two months' time to complete the investigation.Granting more time, a division bench comprising Justice B S Chauhan and Justice Jagdish Kher observed, \"The five police officials fleeing away from justice need to be booked immediately. They need to be arrested at any cost and to do so if the CBI needs any assistance from this court they may move an application before the completion of two months time.\"Former ADG (crime) A K Jain, who is reported to be ill, has been absconding ever since then SP (SOG) A. Ponnuchammi was arrested by CBI. Jain, an accused in the case, never turned up for questioning before the CBI, nor surrendered even after the Supreme Court specifically told him to so in October 2011.The Superme Court had taken a serious note of the situation and held that the court cannot stop monitoring the case as the trial could not commence unless all the accused were nabbed. The right to bail can be considered only if the accused surrender before the trial court.Sushila Devi, wife of Dara Singh, had alleged that her husband was killed at the behest of politicians.Dara Singh's relatives had approached all administrative offices at the district level before finally going to the Supreme Court. The apex court directed the CBI to investigate the matter.The CBI's plea for more time has raised problems for former BJP minister Rajendra Rathore who according to the investigating agency is the mastermind behind the encounter. CBI had filed chargesheet against few arrested police officials, while keeping the investigation against Rathore pending. With the completion of investigation, Rathore's fate will also be sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11785580", "title": "Cheering news for the elderly", "text": "BANGALORE: It is the most common physical pain suffered by ageing population in India and world over. A study in USA has said that about 65 million there suffer from degenerative spinal disorder and 85% complain of it after crossing 55.Spine and neurosurgeons say 6-7 out of every 10 Indians post-50 years of age complain about this disorder, which is commonly known as pain in the lower back or cervical spondylitis.Here is some hope: spinal disorder among the elderly is curable with surgery and post-surgery exercise, say doctors. Seventy-one-year-old Dr Stephen Churchill Kitchener, a general surgeon from Zaria in Nigeria who has overcome the disorder, is now able to walk and stand erect.Stephen, who runs a hospital back home, complained of severe pain in the lower back and could not stand or walk straight for long. This also affected his medical practice for about four years. He then approached doctors at Fortis Hospital in December.\"In his case, age was the main factor. His spine bones had aged and he had developed degenerative spondylitis of the cervix. The nerves between neck and back had narrowed. He was first put on medication and then operated through four-segment instrumental stabilization procedure,\" said Dr KN Krishna, consultant neurosurgeon at the hospital.\"Aging spine problems make people immobile at times leaving them in semi- or fully paralysed state. It can be treated if treatment is given at the right time,\" he added.Said Dr Thimappa Hegde, director, Narayana Institute of Neurosciences: \"Degenerative spinal disorder is the most common problem suffered by the old. Sometimes it can lead to disc collapse, which can make a person temporarily immobile. The problem is commonly faced by women post-menopause. Surgery is a better option than long-term medication.\"Spinal surgeries are said to be more beneficial than oral medication and physiotherapy because they improve quality of life as the patient is no more dependent for routine activities.\"Most patients in the older age group get tired of prolonged medication. So surgery is the best option. At least 4 out of 10 aged patients agree to undergo surgery,\" said Dr Bhushan Joseph, spine and neurosurgeon, Hosmat Hospital.SymptomsSharp and/or chronic pain, weakness, limited motion, sensory lossIf spinal degeneration leads to compression or injury of the spinal cord, weakness and limited motion may increase significantlyLoss of bladder and bowel functions and problems with sexual function may occur if problem worsensCausesAging most common causeAs the body ages, discs in the spine dry out and lose their ability to act as shock absorbers between the vertebral bodiesUnlike muscles, there is minimal blood supply to the discs, so they lack reparative powersPost-surgery careComplete rest for about 6 weeksAvoid excessive bending or sitting on the floor and standing or walking for longAfter 6 weeks, can start routine activities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11786036", "title": "Minister indulges in a bit of nostalgia", "text": "KANNUR: It was a journey down the memory lane for E Ahamed, minister of state for external affairs and human resource development, when he arrived at the Kannur Government Vocational Higher Secondary School to inaugurate the old students' meet here on Monday.\"This was the place that developed our academic interest as well as the extracurricular activities. From politics to sports to art and culture, everything had a space here. Wherever I go I get to see people who studied in this school,\" the minister, who is also an old student of the school, said.Observing that the contributions of the school in sports are one of the most valuable things, he said the students of the school always maintained their sportsman spirit. \"Any sports event was important for us but that never affected our academic career,\" he said. In the function, the minister honoured many old students of the school. K Narayanan (98), probably the oldest living student of the school, was also honoured at the function. When he studied here from 1926 to 1933, he used to walk all the way from Chalad in the outskirts of Kannur to the school, recalled Narayanan, who was a footballer in the school.\"Those days I didn't have the money to pay the examination fees and hence I did not complete my SSLC and later did higher elementary teachers' training and became a teacher. Later I left the teaching profession and joined fire service,\" said the old student who was also a body builder in his prime. As a gift to their old school, the old students have decided renovate the 50-year-old Krishnamandapam, the stage in the school with an estimated expense of Rs 40 lakh. The meet was organized as part of the 150th year celebration of the school, which is also known as the Municipal High School. A Vijayanunni, former chief secretary, was the chief guest. Veteran journalist M Abdurahiman delivered the keynote address. K Pramod, chairman, Madavarao Scindia Memorial Trust, presided over the function. K M Vasudevan Namboothiri, general convenor of the organizing committee and the principal of the school, welcomed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11785348", "title": "Red sanders seized in Rameswaram", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Sleuths of the Q branch foiled an attempt to smuggle red sanders to Sri Lanka from Rameswaram on Monday. They arrested three fishermen, who were ready to leave the Mandapam shore in a boat loaded with red sanders in the wee hours and seized the timber weighing 431 kg.Based on information that red sanders were being smuggled from Mandapam area to the island nation via Palk Strait, sleuths kept a close vigil on the coast when they spotted three persons loading the consignment into boats at around 3 am. When they were rounded up, the consignment was found to be of 35 red sander logs. The estimated worth of the logs seized was Rs 4.58 lakh. The three arrested fishermen were identified as Thangaraj (41), Muniasamy (31) and Murugan (38) from Gandhinagar in Mandapam, police said.Preliminary investigations revealed that the consignment was sent by one Sheik from Chennai whose complete identity is yet to be found out. He had put them as a package in a state transport corporation bus and these three were asked to collect it from the vehicle. The package is believed to be sent a week back.Upon receiving the logs, the fishermen painted the red sanders in black, in order to conceal the original colour. The three were instructed to pass on the package to someone from the Sri Lankan side who was supposed to receive the consignment mid-sea, on Monday.The consignment and the accused were handed over to the customs department for further prosecution, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789209", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor gets a party pad", "text": "The actor picked up a three-bedroom duplex apartment in Bandra some time back, where he hangs out with his buddies these daysWhen you have a sprawling and classy bungalow like Krishna Raj on Pali Hill, would you ever want to move out? Certainly not, especially if you are a Ranbir Kapoor . And so, even after delivering a fair number of hits, and stepping out of the formidable Kapoor shadow, Ranbir has been comfortable coming home to the iconic house he has grown up in.According to sources close to the Kapoors, Ranbir is not planning to move out of Krishna Raj any time soon, though he has been making frequent trips to the complex, with his mother, and with his buddies. A party pad? In all likelihood, because Ranbir has now taken to chilling out at the new apartment with his close friends.But the Kapoors are also planning ahead. Krishna Raj will be soon up for redevelopment, and the family may need a temporary address during the time. It may be a far cry from the stylish bungalow, but the Wits End apartment with its three bedrooms may be just what the family needs.Incidentally, Ranbir has some sporting company here. Former captain Azharuddin also happens to own an apartment here.Riding high on the success of her previous films, Piggy Chops is looking to buy a sprawling sea- facing bungalow. She has been scouting for bigger places in Juhu.Deepika bought a palatial three bedroom house in Prabhadevi in September 2011. It's one of the most expensive properties any actress has bought in a long time. She held a house warming party in which all her co-stars were invited.Neil booked a plush apartment at Worli in 2010. According to reports, the tower housing the flat will be the tallest in the country. The designer apartments are priced between Rs 10 and Rs 50 crores. There are some suites designed by?Armani too.Katrina has been house hunting again after her flat was left unlivable because of the rains last year. She has been looking out for an expansive bungalow in Juhu within a budget of Rs 15 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790791", "title": "Aman Verma talks about the veteran actors", "text": "For the last couple of years the veteran actors were lying low - taking rest from their hectic schedules, they also stay away from the limelight.But now they are back with a bang on television. Aman Varma, Sameer Soni, Mohnish Behland Ram Kapoorare few examples. All the veteran actors have come back with a bang through their new shows.Talking about Ram Kapoor who is a big example on television - he is back after Kasamh Se, Aman says, \"\"When I worked with him, I always felt Ekta and Ram were really close. The had a strong bond. But I must say Ekta has an eye to pick up a good actor - in Bade Achche Lagte Hai , she needed a big fat yet cute guy above 40, so that the middle age people could connect with the character. I feel an actor's presence as far as body structure is considered is very important. Ram needs to be given the entire credit for his show, he is a fine actor,\"\" says Aman oti Bahu . He adds further, \"\"I wish there was a show wherein an actor who is really thin, has to gain weight and then work around it. But in our country actors are not given any chance to get into the skin of the character and then perform. We are hardly given time to prepare and work towards our characters.\"\" #", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787006", "title": "Activist blasts tech giants", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Don't stand for me. Stand for freedom,\" said Richard Stallman as he received a standing ovation when he stepped on the stage at IIT-Madrason Monday.The celebrated American software freedom activist, in the city to deliver a lecture, 'Free Software, Freedom and Education', tore into computer and Internet giants Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook. \"Facebookis a surveillanceengine. It gathers data, asks you to name peoplein photographs with the user (or the subject of the picture) having no control over how this data is used. I don't think you should use it,\" Stallman said.Asked about the Indian government's reported move to censor online content, he said, \"Censorship is tyranny. The state must also promote 'good habits' and not encourage people to use something that is not ethical. Schools ask me about choosing between Windows and GNU/Linux. I think it is like choosing between whiskey andwater.\"Stallman's mission can be better understood in ideological terms than technical. He was a prominent figure in the hacker culture at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the 70s. Free software refers to the word freedom rather than free in the monetary sense. Stallman says free software \"respects your freedom and your community\" andthatthedistinction between free and proprietary isof \"ethical,social and political nature\".In the lecture, Stallman attacked Microsoft and Apple for having operating systems (OSs) which violate user freedom at various levels. \"All these are malware.These'iThings' (referring to Apple's products) have made things worse. They have spy features,\" he said. Referring to the term 'jailbreaking', or removing administrator controls in devices installed by a company, hesaiditclearly showsthetrue natureof the product- a jail.His dislike for Steve Job's love for controlling user experience is wellknown. When SteveJobsdied, Stallman wrote on his personal blog: \"I'm not glad he's dead, but I'm glad he's gone... We all deserve theendof Jobs' malign influenceon computing.\"Stallman said the Android operating system has a free source code but that is not how it is implemented on devices. \"Manufacturers insert their own non-free programswhichcannotbeuninstalled.Even if theuser is ableto modify them to suithisown needs,hecannotusehisown version by installing in proprietary versions. So Android is not completely free,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11784742", "title": "Thane\u2019s future lies in the hands of youth", "text": "THANE: Youth will dominate the future of politics in the lake city with 40% of the 11.96 lakh voters falling in the 18-37 age bracket, according to poll statistics analyzed by a private agency here.What is surprising is that the list has more than 700 people who have crossed the age of 110. Electoral officers expressed surprise at the figure and said it was the responsibility of family members to communicate the demise of their elderly so that their names could be deleted from the list.The growing domination of young voters here is evident from the increase in voter registration in the last five years, according to Shirish Majrekar, who collects and scrutinizes poll data. From a voter count of 9.10 lakh in 2007, the bustling township has seen the voting population rising by 2.85 lakh in 2012, with Majrekar stating that most of them are in that age bracket.The city's growing population largely comprises techies, corporate honchos and media professionals who shifted to Thane in recent years. Of the 11.96 voters, a sizeable chunk of a little over 10,000 voters is first-time voters who are believed to be actively involved in the poll process given street demonstrations and slogan-shouting to voice support for the anti-corruption crusade of social worker Anna Hazare last year.The highest number of young voters (1.41 lakh) is from the Kopri-Panchpakhadi assembly constituency.According to Majreakar's voter management system, the second biggest chunk of voters (3.42 lakh) is in the 28-37 age group. Most of the voters are working class and professionals who have been equally vocal about change and were behind the fasts and protests against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11786218", "title": "Excited debutant voters seek change", "text": "LUCKNOW: From poor medical facilities to sub-standard education, to lack of women security, the youth wants a change. They are ready to fight the battle. The first time voters are excited to cast their valuable vote. Determined, they exhibit a great deal of interest to exercise the 'right to franchise'. Irked over the ever scaling reservation issue, Manasvi Piplani, a commerce student said, \"Getting admission in an esteemed institution is a herculean task.Just because of reservation, a general candidate is left behind. I look forward to a government, which considers everyone equal.\" She cited her sad tale in which she was kicked out of a college just because of a reserved candidate who took her seat. \"It was pathetic. Ultimately, I had no option but take admission elsewhere,\" said Manasvi. For Anas Tanwir, a law student, the feeling of being a first time voter is ecstatic. \"There is no one to give ears to the problems of common man. Good governance, better health care facilities and a proper urban transport system are the areas, where I want a change,\" said Anas. He is moved by routine incidents where some people lose life because of poor or absence of treatment.However, he feels that the dearth of competent and promising candidates is making his task difficult to select the best. Looking forward to exercise the right to vote for first, Hari Om, an arts student of Lucknow University, said, \"We want to bring a change in the system. Absence of students union is a setback for us. But, I want a union which is not governed politically. Rampant fee hike, absence of teachers from the classrooms, and poor facilities for students should be the prime focus of the ruling party.\" This is not all. The young, brimming with hope, are influenced with many other challenges they face in their day-to-day life. Unemployment and lack of development in the state has coaxed Shivani Sinha, a law student, to come forward and exercise her 'right to franchise'.Motivated to vote, Shivarth Pandey, an under-graduate student feels that the state of affairs is distressing. \"Election is a game where innocent people select bad among the worst lot. We need a new set of electoral reforms. The sub-standardisation of education needs immediate attention. Deep-rooted corruption makes things complex to survive for a common man,\" said Shivarth.Though excited to vote for the first time, Tahreem Khan, feels anomalies in the voter ID cards are a big dampener. \"The development of the society has come to a halt. I look forward for a candidate or a party who fulfils the aspirations of 'aam aadmi' like non-stop power supply, proper roads and quality of education and health. The governance should be above caste and religion,\" said Tahreem. Connection of political parties with the voters after he/she gets elected is also a criterion for the first timers.And what about Anna effect? Has it forced the youth to exercise their right to vote? Yes, to an extent. \"He is the man who brought the nation on a boil. At least he has taken an initiative and I think we have a long way to go,\" said Aishwarya Sinha, a post-graduate student.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786617", "title": "Govt to ensure ex-servicemen quota", "text": "BHOPAL: At a meeting of the Rajya Sainik Board on Monday, provision of 10% and 20% reservation to ex-servicemen in class-III and class-IV posts respectively was discussed.Home minister Umashankar Gupta chaired the meeting and said implementation of provisions for reservation to ex-servicemen in general and police recruitments would be ensured. The minister said a meeting senior officers of general administration and the police departments would also be convened in connection with rules.The meeting also discussed the trend of fewer youths joining the army from the state compared to other states. It also discussed a proposal to urge army, military and other educational institutions in the state to encourage students to join the forces. Gupta instructed that the initiative of such training of youth should be taken by Ex-servicemen Welfare Department in coordination and consultation with the Education Department.The meeting was attended by Commander Bhopal Sub-Area Suresh Gupta, secretary, Home, Seema Sharma, director ex-servicemen welfare Brigadier George Mathai, joint director, ex-servicemen welfare Col V K Chaubey and officers of the general administration, police and home departments among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11785768", "title": "RIMS administration proposes regularization of nurses", "text": "RANCHI: The governing council of Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) on Monday discussed over 22-point agenda and came up with recommendations to be approved by the state government.The body passed a resolution to regularize the nurses presently working on contract against the available vacancies in the hospital. It also reiterated its stand on giving pay scale as admissible to the Central Government Health Service (CGHS) workers. The recommendation has been sent by the governing body for the second time in succession awaiting final nod of the government, sources said.Chaired by health minister Hemlal Murmu , the meeting was attended by All India Institute of Medical Sciences director R C Deka, health secretary K Vidyasagar , RIMS director Tulsi Mahto, superintendent Manoj Kumar Rai and other members of the governing body.During the council meet, Mahto said altogether 41 'action taken' reports and 22 additional agenda were on table for discussion.\"The matters having financial implications have been referred to the government for calculation of the financial burden in case of implementation and regularization of nurses as well as CGHS scale come under the same category,\" he said.The matter of giving non-practicing allowance to RIMS doctors was also discussed but concluded without taking any concrete decision. The health department has sought a detail list of the clinical doctors at RIMS, who could be compensated for not practicing in private.Major stress was laid upon approval of the act that is expected to govern RIMS.\"We have requested the health department to move a proposal in the assembly and seek nod of the House for the regulations under which RIMS would function,\" Mahto said.Discussing yet another issue, the governing council decided to carry out essential formalities for making the dental college functional, building and other infrastructure for which is already complete.Appointment process for doctors against 125 posts was considered in the meet whereas the members rejected the proposal for adopting fixed tenure for tutors in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11785991", "title": "Text a ticket an instant hit among state youth", "text": "KOCHI: The Indian Railways (IR) has introduced a paperless mode of ticket vending, by which vital details regarding reservation will be sent to a customer via SMS.The latest option that was launched on February 1, by the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Department (IRCTC) has become a hit among young Keralites.The SMS sent by the IRCTC will contain all important ticket details like PNR number, train number, date of journey, class, name and number of passengers, coach and seat number and the fare paid. The SMS, combined with a valid photo identity card in original, will be treated on par with the electronic reservation slip ( ERS).If the passenger is unable to produce the SMS in case of loss or discharged mobile or laptop, he can continue with the journey after showing proof of identity and paying a penalty of Rs 50 a ticket.A senior IRCTC official of the south regional office told TOI that the SMS facility is a 'green initiative' by the Railways. \"With our website registering nearly 9 million visitors in 2011, it is unimaginable the amount of paper wasted as printouts. Through the SMS facility we expect to pave way for an environment friendly approach and reduce paper usage,\" the official said.Edwin Thomas, an HR professional in the UAE Exchange in the city, is excited about the new option. \"Some months ago when the Railways allowed treating the screenshot of an e-ticket, displayed through laptops, palmtops or mobile phones as equal to the print-out of the ticket, I stopped carrying printed tickets. The new option has taken it a step further and I believe that the definition of 'e-ticket' is complete now,\" he said. Santhosh Iype, a PGDM student of SCMS, Kochi, believes that the initiative will help reduce the usage of paper while booking e-tickets.However despite the wide recognition of SMS facility among youths, senior citizens like Sankar Menon, a former state government employee, prefer to wait in queue and get printed tickets. \"I am also tech savvy, but previous experiences have taught me that IRCTC's e-services are not reliable. It is a common phenomenon for the website to hang just when we book tickets. It is too early to say that the SMS option will be hassle-free and so for the time being I prefer the good old paper method,\" he said.The SMS will contain ticket details like PNR number, train number, date of journey, class, name, number of passengers, seat number and the fare paid. This combined with an original valid photo ID, will be treated on par with the electronic reservation slip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11786987", "title": "Don\u2019t give in to school bus operators: MNVS", "text": "MUMBAI: While school bus operators are waiting for a word from the transport department about incorporating changes in the School Bus Safety Policy, Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena (MNVS) has asked the government not to fall for the bus operators'demands.\"We have explained how school children's lives are at risk. The safety policy needs to be implemented soon,\" said Santosh Gavas, a member of the MNVS. He added that they have been assured that none of the changes demanded by bus operators will be accepted.Anil Garg, president of the School Bus Owners' Association told TOI that they will hold comments on plan of action until after the civic elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11787103", "title": "Man sets wife afire after spat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Infuriated over a minor argument, a man lost his temper and set his 28-year-old wife on fire in Mauli Jagran village on Monday morning. The woman, who was identified as Anita, sustained 100% burn injuries and was admitted at PGI.The accused, Ram Lakhan, 44, who works at a private company, was arrested by police and booked for attempt to murder.\"During the argument, Lakhan lost his temper, doused his wife with kerosene and set her on fire. The flames also spread in the house. The neighbours rushed to help the victim and informed the police,\" said sub-inspector Prem Singh, investigating officer of the case.\"She is battling for life at PGI. They were married around one year back and Lakhan was unhappy as they had no child. This was his second marriage after his first wife's death,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11786180", "title": "More than 15L devotees expected to take holy dip", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The mela authorities on Monday claimed to have completed all preparations for the Maghi Poornisma snan cheduled on Tuesday.Anticipating that around 15 lakh devotees and pilgrims may take a holy dip on the occasion, mela police officials on Monday reviewed security arrangements and conducted frisking and checking of roads leading to Sangam areas.On the occasion, DIG/SSP, Prakash D also held a meeting with his subordinates on security and crowd management plan asking the officials that a concrete plan is needed to check the flow the pilgrims on exit and entry points.A mela police official said: \"Apart from maintaining a strict watch in and around mela campus, we have deployed adequate security forces to turn mela campus into a fortress\". He added \"as there is good flow of pilgrims being witnessed on main bathing snans like makar sankranti, mauni amavasya and basant panchmi, additional police forces have been deployed in the same regard.Teams of Quick Reaction Teams, Anti Mines and Sniffer Dogs squad have been deployed at all ghats and bathing points.Meanwhile, traffic inspector, Indrapal Singh has informed that route diversion has been imposed and vehicles coming from Banda and Reewa would be stopped at Ghoorpur. Vehicles willing to head towards Varanasi would be diverted through Karma Meja Road and vehicles coming from Mirzapur would be diverted through Kokhraj-Handia bypass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11785178", "title": "Google removes offensive content, Facebook says it doesn\u2019t control, operate servers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google India on Monday told a trial court that it has removed certain webpages from the internet in compliance with the court's order, which directed Google and 21 other websites to remove the objectionable content in the form of photographs, videos or texts which might hurt religious sentiments.Facebook India, which also filed its compliance report before additional civil judge Praveen Singh, told the court that it does not control or operate the servers that host the website available at www.facebook.com, which are located in the United States .The compliance reports were filed in response to the court's December 24, 2011 order directing them and 21 other social network websites to give replies on a civil case filed by a man who has sought removal of certain \"anti-religious\" or \"anti-social\" content in the form of photographs, videos or texts which might hurt religious sentiments.While Facebook and Google India filed their compliance reports, Yahoo! and Microsoft filed applications for deletion of their names from the civil complaint stating that there was no allegation against them of webcasting any objectionable content. After the hearing, the court directed the accused to file compliance report within 15 days from the date of the order while fixing the matter for further arguments on March 1.The judge also posed a query to the counsel appearing for petitioner Mufti Aijaz Arshad Qasmi as to whether the blog service-providing companies can be made a party to the case for any content posted by the users on the blogs.During the hearing, Facebook also filed a separate application seeking deletion of its name from the array of the parties, saying, \"The content of the suit are wrong and that it is neither a necessary nor a proper party to it.\" It said it has been impleaded under incorrect description i.e. Facebook as there is no legal entity by this name. \"The correct name of Defendant No.1 is Facebook India Online Services Pvt Ltd and not Facebook,\" it submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11787507", "title": "Reconsecration rituals to begin", "text": "MANGALORE: Balpa, a small village in Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district, will reverberate to rituals of punahapratishta and brahmakalashabhisheka at Sri Durgaparameshwari Temple from February 8. This 1000-year-old temple is part of a temple complex that includes Sri Thrishulini Temple, managed by Archaeological Survey of India, and Sri Maha Vishnu Temple, that will be taken up for renovation soon.MR Vasudeva, director, Mangalore airport, and president of Brahmakalasha Samiti, said on Monday that the renovation of this temple is testimony to the willpower of residents here, who have taken care of each and every aspect connected with the event. \"Villagers have spent Rs 60 lakh on the temple renovation and a further Rs 5 lakh on renovating the sanctum sanctorum of Sri Yoga Narasimha,\" Vasudeva noted.Religious rituals will start on February 8 and go on up to February 13, he said, adding that the Samiti has organized cultural and religious programmes on select days, where elected representatives, and religious leaders will participate. \"The renovation work has been carried out under the guidance of Sri Bharati Thirtha swamiji of Sri Jagadguru Shankaracharya Mahasamsthanam, Sringeri,\" Vasudeva added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784310", "title": "HC relief for Gorai cottage owner booked for running a brothel", "text": "MUMBAI: For the Mirandas, a young Mumbai couple, a cottage on the Gorai beach was a dream vacation home and an investment for their children. But within months of buying the property, it turned into a nightmare when 32-year-old Greig Miranda was accused of allegedly running a brothel there.A police raid last year revealed that the caretaker of the bungalow was allegedly letting it out for a prostitution racket following which Miranda, along with the caretaker and another person, was booked. But, the Bombay High Court early this year quashed the FIR lodged against Miranda by the Gorai police. \"A perusal of the chargesheet makes it abundantly clear that the prosecution could not produce any material worth the name to prove Miranda's knowledge about the activities, allegedly being carried out on the said premises,\" said Justice Ranjit More. \"Continuing the above proceedings against Miranda will amount to abuse of the process of law.\"Miranda and his wife bought the cottage, Miranda House, on Gorai beach for Rs 25 lakh in October 2010, by investing their savings and taking a home loan. They worked in Mumbai and did not shift to the cottage at Gorai but appointed a caretaker, Shyam Devnath, to manage the property.Five months later, the police raided the cottage and found that Devnath was allegedly letting it out for prostitution. Besides, Devnath and another person, the police booked Miranda on charges of being the owner of the cottage and knowingly allowing it to be used as a brothel and earning his livelihood out of a prostitution racket.The court said the police had not produced any material to prove that Miranda knew about the goings on at his house. The court took into consideration that the Mirandas were employed and took loans to buy the Gorai house. \"This fact shows that Miranda has an independent source of income. There is absolutely no material adduced by the prosecution showing he earns his livelihood out of a prostitution racket,\" said Justice More.Greig Miranda and his wife appointed a caretaker, Shyam Debnath, to look after their cottage on Gorai beach. The cops found Devnath was allegedly letting it out for prostitution. Miranda was booked for being 'the owner and knowingly allowing his cottage to be used as a brothel and earning a livelihood out of a prostitution racket'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11777974", "title": "Singles too can have fun on Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "Valentine's Day doesn't have to be reserved for couples only. If you're flying solo this Feb 14, you can enjoy in your own special way. Here are a few ideas to inspire you to have fun and make your V Day a memorable one.Get adventurous Instead of sitting and crying about not having a boyfriend, celebrate this Valentine Day in a different way. Depending on where you live, book yourself an activity with your friends - anything you've never done but have always wanted to try. You'll have fun and feel great having done something different. Not having a Valentine's Day date will be nowhere on your mind.Pamper yourself Make today all about you. Don't let anything distract or worry you. Start your day with yoyr favourite breakfast. Next it's time for some pampering. Opt for a mani-pedi or something more indulgent like a massage or body scrub. Post-pampering, you can head for a movie or a lavish dinner with wine with your girlies or go out shopping.A weekend getaway Grab a few of your closest BFFs and hit the road. Plan to spend a night or two at a swanky hotel downtown and celebrate you V-Day a different way. Book a few rooms, bring some wine and snacks and have an impromptu party to reconnect and prove that the 14th isn't just a day for couples to get all the fun.Cocktail party Host a cocktail soiree for all your equally single friends (male and female alike). Have everyone dress up (choose a theme to make it even more fun), choose a signature cocktail to serve along with some bite size appetizers and have fun with all your besties. Make sure you have some great music on hand to get people moving. There's nothing better than a living room dance party with all your closest friends.Valentine's DayValentine's SMSValentine's Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11786972", "title": "UT dithers on covered area, residents fume", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Confusion prevails among hundreds of residents planning to build or renovate their houses as UT administration sits on taking a clear decision on the allowed covered area. Contradicting its own concept of deemed approval of building plans after a month; the urban planning department is holding back approval to private houses in the city since June 2011.Pointing out that the floor area ratio (FAR) in the city is probably the highest; the heritage committee had last year recommended withdrawal of relaxation given in 2008. The administration, however, has still not been able to take a decision on the issue or convey the exact status to the applicants. UT finance secretary V K Singh told TOI that the matter is being processed and a final decision will be taken shortly.\"I had submitted my building plan in August 2011, but even after being cleared by the estate office, the architecture department is not giving it a nod. I have met the chief architect several times and sent written representations, but to no avail,\" said owner of a six-kanal plot in Sector 9D.\"The upper plan approval committee has been dilly dallying on approving the building plans. My house in is Sector 9 and it is not a heritage zone. Even if the FAR is reduced, it should not be applicable on the applications that have already been submitted to the estate office,\" said another applicant, who had submitted his plan in July 2011. \"UT is also violating its concept of deemed approval of building plans in cases where no objection is conveyed to a house owner in a month's time,\" said Amarjeet Randhawa, a resident of Sector 49.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785855", "title": "Experts to supervise RRI work", "text": "PATNA: Hundreds of railway employees will be deployed at Patna Junction and Rajendra Nagar Terminal from Tuesday to carry out route relay interlocking (RRI) work. The new system will further improve safety of the railways on tracks.A team of experts will personally supervise the work on the spot, said ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha. According to him, the Patna-New Delhi Rajdhani Express (12309-12310) will continue to originate from Patna Junction itself for the convenience of passengers. There is no change in the scheduled arrival and departure of this train during RRI work to be carried out from February 7 to 12, the CPRO said.According to sources, 12351-12352 Danapur-Howrah Express will terminate at Rajendra Nagar Terminal instead of Danapur on February 9, 10 and 11 while it will originate from Rajendra Nagar Terminal on February 10, 11 and 12. Besides, 16309-16310 Patna-Ernakulam Express will originate from Rajendra Nagar Terminal instead of Patna on February 10, sources said, adding Patna-Mathura Express will originate from Danapur instead of Patna on February 11 and 12. Sources said that 12393-12394 Patna-New Delhi Sampoorna Kranti Express will originate from Danapur on February 10, 11 and 12 instead of Rajendra Nagar. However, it will originate from Patna Junction on February 7, 8 and 9 for New Delhi. Similarly, Patna-Purna Express will originate from Danapur on February 12 while Rajendra Nagar-Indore Express will originate from Danapur on February 10. The 12141-12142 Patna-Mumbai Superfast Express will originate from Patna Junction on February 8 and 9. However, it will originate from Danapur on February 10, 11 and 12.Meanwhile, divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha on Monday said that the railways had made necessary arrangements for the smooth run of passenger trains during RRI work from different places under the division. The railways, however, cancelled the run of two Delhi-bound passenger trains -- Magadh Express (12401) and Jansadharan Express (12388) -- on Monday only from Patna Junction due to their late arrival at Patna from Delhi end, Ambastha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789990", "title": "Cee Lo Green believes Rihanna is 'aggressive\u2019", "text": "Cee Lo Green likes Rihanna because she is \"aggressive and sexually liberated\".The 'Forget You' hitmaker toured with the pop star on her 'Loud' world tour last year and Cee Lo says Rihanna attracts a huge lesbian community to her concerts because of her sexually charged performances, which he also enjoyed.He said: \"I was touring with Rihanna, and I didn't realise that she has a very particular following. You know what I'm saying?\"Let me be specific. Rihanna has a large lesbian community that comes out to see her shows. 'Cause she does a lot of girl-on-girl kind of stuff.\"It's very racy and sexually charged. And I like that. I like aggressive and sexually liberated women. It's hot to me.\"Cee Lo had to quit the tour before it finished in order to focus on his role as a coach on reality TV show 'The Voice' and he has become obsessed with the trademark huge chairs he and the other judges sit in for the programme.He said: \"I definitely enjoy the chair. It's nice and squishy. When the show ends, I think I'll have my chair dipped in bronze and keep it. Nobody else should be allowed to sit in Cee Lo Green's chair.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786537", "title": "Delhi first to issue e-stamp papers of all amounts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has decided to bring non-judicial stamp papers of Rs 500 and below under the ambit of e-stamp process. The decision was taken in a cabinet meeting on Monday to check frauds and weed out touts.Chief minister, Sheila Dikshit stated that Delhi will become the first state to issue e-stamp papers of all denominations. The complete switchover to e-stamp mode will prevent fraudulent practices in this field, she added. The city government had shifted to e-stamping of non-judicial stamp papers of denominations of Rs 501 and above from April, 2008.Presently, e-stamp collection per month is around Rs 200 crore. The annual sale of the physical non-judicial stamp papers is about Rs 60 crore. By bringing e-stamp papers of Rs 500 and below under the ambit of e-stamp mode, the government will save a huge amount on account of payment of printing charges. Dikshit added that e-stamp papers are tamperproof and a secure electronic payment gateway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790486", "title": "Back to Basics", "text": "The ladies of Chennai are one gregarious lot. You'd be hard pressed to find a reason why they wouldn't live life to its fullest.At this recent get-together held at a chic restaurant, the beautiful women waltzed in, dressed in a mix of some stunning Indo-Western wear. Each one of them painted a picture of elegance and class as they walked the ramp, much to the delight of their cheerleaders who hooted, hollered and let out wolf-whistles to welcome these girls in style. Keerthana dazzled the onlookers with her gorgeously draped sari while Anita Ratnam beamed with the radiance of a dancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785910", "title": "Nitish downplays 'rivalry' between JD(U) &amp; BJP", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar tried to downplay the clash between his party JD(U) and the BJP in UP poll arena and said that the two parties, ally in Bihar, are just fighting separately. \"Don't read much into it,\" he said on Monday when asked about his deputy and BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi campaigning in the same constituencies where he already had stumped.\"Since there is no alliance in UP, we are contesting separately and have different agenda. The parties have right to make campaign programmes for their leaders,\" the CM said while avoiding a direct reply.While Nitish downplayed the incident, the leaders of both the JD(U) and the BJP were unanimous in their feelings that all was not well between the two allies apart from the UP polls. \"It's not necessary to have alliance (with the BJP) in every state. I am doing my job and they are doing theirs,\" Nitish quipped.But a section of the JD(U) is not ready to leave the issue lying down. Party spokesman and MLC Neeraj Kumar on Monday fired a salvo against the BJP. Kumar, who is camping in Siddharathnagar and Gorakhpur in UP, made a frontal attack on some BJP leaders of Bihar and warned them of serious consequences for their \"anti-JD(U) utterances.\"Angry over the reported statements of two BJP MPs -- Shahnawaz Husain and Hukumdeo Narayan Yadav -- during the campaign in UP, Kumar said, \"These leaders have spoken unkind words about our party and leaders. If this is their stand, we will take on them in the Lok Sabha polls.\"Husain denied the charge outright. When contacted, he said that he never said such things and as a matter of fact the BJP's seats and vote percentage have increased. \"During my UP campaign, I said the BJP and the JD(U) have perfect alliance in Bihar and at the Centre. We have absolutely no differences,\" the BJP spokesperson said and added that due to some reasons the two parties could not enter into an alliance in UP this time. In 2007, the JD(U) had seats adjustment with the saffron party. Yadav, the MP from Madhubani, however, could not be contacted for his reaction or clarification.JD(U) national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary also sought to downplay the BJP-JD(U) relations in UP elections. He said that in election such things happen between different parties, but it does not mean that their relations get soured. He also referred to sharp differences between the two parties over the Narendra Modi episode a couple of years back when Nitish in a fit of rage had cancelled the dinner he was to host for the BJP leaders and also returned the cheque to the Gujarat government which was meant for Kosi flood victims.\"After the poll-related utterances and animosity, the two parties will function in Bihar cordially,\" said a BJP leader on condition of anonymity. He claimed it was not only the BJP leaders, but also the JD(U) leaders were also belching fire at the saffron party. Even JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav is speaking against the BJP, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11785887", "title": "Cops recharge fishermen's mobiles", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: To maintain coastal security, 11 police stations in Alappuzha have started recharging mobile phones of fishermen who work for the coastal vigilance committees (CVC). Police have instructed fishermen to be on the look out for strange vessels and people and alert them if they suspect foul play.Ambalappuzha circle inspector P V Baby said that they have received funds from police headquarters for this initiative. \"We provide a top of Rs 200 each for 22 fishermen who are a part of CVC. The amount is valid for a period of three months across various service providers. Fishermen can submit their names and we will select the final 22 from our list. We also list their full details, contact number and area,\" said Baby.Of the 76 coastal vigilance committees in the state, 11 of them are in Alappuzha. Aroor, Kuthiyathodu, Pattanakad, Mararikkulam, Arthunkal, Alappuzha North and South, Punnapra, Ambalappuzha, Trikkunnappuzha and Kayamkulam police stations recharge the mobile phones of the fishermen.State coastal security chief Jacob Job told TOI that the police department started this initiative to ensure the strong participation of fishermen as they can spot anything odd along the coast. Coastal police stations also allot the money in advance, he added.\"We are getting a good response and fishermen are keen to provide latest information to us,'' said Kuthiyathodu circle inspector P Sivankutty.Government set up coastal vigilance committees in 2009 after 26/11 attacks in Mumbai. Revenue officials, panchayat president and representatives of the police, fisheries, harbour engineering, port, Matsyafed are members of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785613", "title": "Civic polls: Senior citizens to march for voter awareness", "text": "PUNE: A group of senior citizens in the city will walk to various parts to create awareness about voting.A statement from the group said that seven long marches will be conducted from different historical places in the city to seven polling booths. The rallies will be conducted at 3 pm every day. The first rally will take place from Agakhan Palace on Tuesday, while the second will be conducted on Wednesday from Omkareshwar temple. On February 13, the last day, a public rally will be held at Shaniwarwada.\"Many educated people do not vote. So the rally will appeal to the citizens to exercise their franchise,\" said Satish Rajmachikar, organizer of the group.Medha Jatar, another organizer, said that the rally will also people to hold candidates accountable for the works done by them. \"We will ask candidates to sign a charter of demands. We will appeal to voters not to vote for those who refuse to sign it,\" she said.These senior citizens have joined hands with various organisations in the city including Samartha Bharat, Sajag Nagarik Manch, Pune Nagrik Sanghatana, Parivartan Bharat, Swaroop Vardhini and India against corruption.Schedule of the marches :DatePlaceFeb 7Agakhan Palace to Bund GardenFeb 8Omkareshwar temple to Mahratta ChamberFeb 9Mahatma Phule chowk to Alka Talkies chowkFeb 10Vivekanand Statue, Satara Road to ParvatiFeb 11Shinde Chhatri to Nivedita GardenFeb 12Karve Statue to Savarkar MemorialFeb 13Sarasbaug to Shaniwarwada", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785788", "title": "CIMP placement a big success", "text": "PATNA: In a clime of job uncertainty and difficulty generally being faced in getting placement, Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) has succeeded in providing employment scope to all the students of this year's batch of graduates who would pass out in April.At a function held on the campus on Saturday, education department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh, in the capacity of chief guest, said that it was a remarkable achievement on the part of the CIMP. He added that this institute, with its improved credentials, was destined to emerge among the best institutes in the eastern region. Singh also appreciated the singular work performed by the institute's placement cell.CIMP founder V Mukund Das said that even the first batch of the graduates had gained international placement, despite gloomy market scene. While the institute's Students' Guiding Centre was providing free coaching for CAT to minority community students, the centre called 'The Beautiful Mind' was also helping students of weaker sections, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786693", "title": "Bruised baby's mom sold for 2lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mother of the battered baby battling for life at AIIMS has been tracked down. But Munni's story too is agonizingly painful - dumped by her criminal husband in Bihar, lured to Delhi by pimps to be finally sold her off to another man in faraway Rajasthan. Her heart-wrenching tale has blown the lid off a well-oiled inter-state trafficking ring that straddles the west to the country's far-east. She didn't abandon her children on her own, but was weaned away from them by the vagaries of fate.Delhi Police, which traced Munni to Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan, said she was tricked into a second marriage and her children changed hands through the intricate trafficking network. They are yet to track down her two other children - a boy aged five and a girl, three-and-a-half-years old.Sold as a virgin for a mindboggling amount of Rs 2.2 lakh, their second marriage got stuck just three days later. The couple suddenly realized they had been tricked. The woman was no virgin, but a mother of three. And she too had been separated from her three children despite tall promises. When Munni enquired about her kids, she was assured by the pimps that they were in safe custody. This even as her youngest daughter was battling for life at a city hospital.And on Monday, the jigsaw was finally falling into place with the arrest of two other women - Laxmi and Kanta Chaudhry. Laxmi was the woman from Mohan Garden who had claimed that Munni had dumped the child with her and fled. Kanta, a resident of Kotputli in Haryana, was instrumental in selling off Munni to a man in Rajasthan. And it was Laxmi again, who had handed over the baby to Rajkumar who in turn passed her on to the 15-year-old teenager.Another woman Saroj (resident of Haryana) who had introduced Laxmi to Kanta, and one Shankar who had coaxed Munni to come to Delhi from Muzzafarnagar are yet to be nabbed. Another kingpin Rajkumar too is on the run.\"We are treating Munni as a victim and not as an accused. Her three children from the first marriage were handed over to separate persons. The mother was tricked into marriage by the accused who assured her that they were taking good care of them and she could reunite with them if her second husband agrees. This makes her a victim of circumstances,\" said Chhaya Sharma, Deputy Commissioner of Police (South).Sharma said Munni, daughter of a Railways employee, was married to Mohammad Shah Hussain in 2006 at Muzzafarnagar, Bihar. But Hussain took to crime and a few years later ran away from home after cops turned the heat on him.In July last year, Munni began receiving calls from Shankar, a key player in the inter-state trafficking racket. Initially, she spurned Shankar's advances. But he persisted with promises of marriage and employment opportunities in Delhi.An apprehensive Munni then said she wanted to meet Shankar's relatives. \"It was then that Shankar introduced Laxmi to Munni. Laxmi told her that she was young and can get married to someone in the capital,'' said Sharma. It was then that Munni accompanied Shankar to Laxmi's residence at Uttam Nagar in August last year.Laxmi tried to send the children to madrassas and hostels in the capital, but managed to impress on Munni that only marriage can bring her financial stability. It was at this stage that Saroj sprung into the picture in a carefully planned script.Saroj said she would marry her off to her cousin in Rajasthan. She claimed her cousin's wife had passed away and he too had children of his own. \"Saroj and Laxmi coaxed Munni to hand over her children to them in Delhi. They argued once she convinced her new husband, she can always stay with her children,'' said DCP Sharma. The gang produced fictitious \"family members\" of both sides - people whom cops claim are integral part of the gang. And this how she was lured into a trap and sold off.The police said they have leads on Munni's other child and she will be brought to the capital from Muzaffarnagar. \"But the boy's whereabouts are not known. We have also sent teams to Sidharth Nagar in UP in search of Rajkumar. The Rajasthan police have lodged cases against Rajkumar and Kanta Devi in similar cases at Alwar.At AIIMS, doctors said the two-year-old baby is on ventilator and is showing no signs of improvement. The baby has undergone a DNA test to determine her paternity.Dr Deepak Agarwal, neurosurgeon with the hospital, said, \"The baby is not breathing properly. That is why she is on ventilator. Forensic experts have conducted the DNA test. We confirmed that she had human bite marks on her body.\"At AIIMS, doctors said the two-year-old baby is still on ventilator and is showing no signs of improvement. Forensic experts have conducted the DNA test to determine the baby's paternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11786847", "title": "'Punjabi industry set to grow'", "text": "LUDHIANA: In 2010, Jimmy Sharma's Punjabi movie 'Mar Jawa Gur Kha K' became a hit and he shifted base to Mumbai. It was then that the real struggle started, says the 26-year-old.He said he managed to land a role in 'Dekho Ye Hai Mumbai Real Life', where he is working opposite Preeti Jhangiani . Before that releases, his Punjabi movie 'Rahe Chadi Kalan Punjab Di' is scheduled for a release next month. It stars Shakti Kapoor , Sharad Saxena and Prabhleen Sandhu.Jimmy feels Punjabi film industry is now finding its pace and will grow in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11786039", "title": "Here nobody cares for the final resting place", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Public protest is mounting against the district administration's plan to open more public burial and burning grounds in all panchayats. Even though most panchayats had identified land for the purpose, many of them have not been able to start the construction work due to protests from the residents.Then intervention of local-level action committees and political groups has also vitiated the scene. Protestors are citing environmental reasons to oppose the move. District collector P B Salim said that though society as a whole agrees to the move, it is being thwarted by a few countable number of persons. He urged the public to be more tolerant. According to the data available with the district administration, the district has 42 public graveyards including four in the corporation limit. As per the government order, the district should have at least 80 crematoriums as the district has 75 panchayats, two municipalities and one corporation.Apart from protesting public, the apathy of local panchayats also is cited as a hurdle for the construction of burial and burning grounds.The projects are opposed by a few who own land near the area identified for the burial grounds, said the district collector. The issue demands immediate attention as the absence of graveyards create problem for the poor, especially for those who do not possess own land for performing the last rights of their kin, Salim said. The number of crematoriums in Kozhikode district two years ago was only 19. We could increase the number to 42 by forcing the panchayat authorities to take action, he said. Altogether 11 panchayats have prepared project proposals for the setting up of graveyards. However, the process is delayed owing to public protest.The action committees opposing the move say the land prices in the region might go down due to this. Besides, the action committee members fear that the remains of human body would pollute soil and air. However, the authorities say they would construct concrete vaults and take other measures to prevent environmental pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11785372", "title": "Man held for killing mother", "text": "GONDIA: Fifty-year-old Prabhudas Naik from Sawari village killed his 70-year-old mother Ratabai on Sunday as the latter failed to prevent his wife from deserting him. A drunkard Prabhudas used to trouble and abuse his wife under influence of alcohol. Fed up of this Prabhudas's wife abandoned him and had started living with her parents.On Sunday she had come to Naiks' place to attend a funeral but went back after the rituals were over. On hearing this, Prabhudas became furious and doubted that Ratabai must have allowed his wife to go. This enraged Prabhudas who hit his mother on head with a stick. Ratabai could not sustain the blow and died on the spot. Gondia rural police later arrested Prabhudas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11785813", "title": "Narlikar to be chief guest at LU's convocation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indian cosmologist, Dr Jayant Vishnu Narlikar will grace Lucknow University's convocation ceremony scheduled on February 25. The decision was taken at the university Executive Council (EC) meeting held on Monday. Confirming the same, university spokesperson, Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"It's an honour for the university to have Padma Bhushan Dr Narlikar as our chief guest on the convocation day.\"Among other developments in the university, the strike called by LU employees' union was called off. As per the Prof Mishra, university vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra had a meeting with the university officers including all deans, registrar, finance officer and discussed the issue. He then formed a committee comprising of all deans; director, legal cell, and director, information for publication and public relations. \"The team spoke to the employees' union and it was agreed as earlier that the realistic demands of the employee's will be met. In fact, the university is already working upon it,\" said Prof Mishra. He added there were some other demands of the employees, which was said to be looked upon.On Sunday, the university made it clear that they have already placed an order for the employee's uniform and have sanctioned Rs 20.8 lakh for the renovation of their houses. Besides, the university is working towards the assured career promotion (ACP) of the employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11786238", "title": "UP polls: Muslim women \u2018cast\u2019 their mark", "text": "LUCKNOW: The political sop of minority quota has failed to cut ice with the Muslim women voters in Uttar Pradesh who say they will judiciously exercise their vote. Most of these women seem to understand the political pulse and say their vote would not be influenced by any religious or family decree, or the assurances made by the parties.Instead, it's the issues like women education, upliftment and security that weigh heavy on their minds. Sehba Hussain, who heads Better Education Through Innovation (BETI), demands right to survival, development, protection and growing participation of Muslim women in various spheres.Disillusioned with the quota-based politics, she says politicians should adopt a holistic approach rather than a communal one. \"It is difficult to understand the new found system of fatwas which is nothing but a mere misinterpretation of the holy Quran,\" says Hussain. She urges Muslim women to strive for a qualitative life instead of the quantitative. Hussain is confident that Muslim votes will play a significant part in UP election and adds that it is evident from the ways political parties are trying to woo the community.On her part, Hussain says she will vote for a candidate who is not corrupt. Sabika Abbas, a class 12 student of La Martiniere Girls College and a first-time voter, is also against quota-based politics. \"Quota only helps the white-collar and elite Muslims, where does a commoner go?\" Her idea of empowerment is removal of fundamentalism and male domination in the Muslim society followed by education. Sabika says educated Muslim women should not care about the fatwas. \"I expect the elected candidate not to have a communal approach because when I vote as a citizen of India, I want the candidate to work like the citizen of India and be secular,\" says the first-time voter. However, not all voters have an independent mindset.According to TOI-IPSOS survey, 88% first-time voters consult their family members to decide on the party they would vote for. A similar trend has been witnessed in the case of not-so-literate Muslim women. \"I will vote for the party my family is voting for,\" says Reshma, who works as a domestic help. She adds that the MLA of her area asks the people of the locality to vote for a particular symbol and they follow it. \"Every single vote is important. It's absolutely foolish on the part of some who take the polling day as just another holiday,\" said Sabra Habib, Emeritus professor of Russian In Lucknow University.Talking about the sugar-coated words that flow before the elections, she added, \"the pre and post picture of election should never be different, which I'm sad to admit, happens all the time.\" Sabira requested not to put Muslims in adifferent set because they are not the only ones suffering. The issue is about all those who are below the poverty line. Ruqsana, principal, Karamat Girls College, says, \"People who lack a vision of their own follow in the footsteps of others.\" She feels it is the duty of the government to ensure the safety of women and give them opportunities to pursue their careers.About Congress's announcement of the 4.5% sub-quota for minorities, Ruqsana says if they really want to give then the percenatge of quota should be more. According to the Sachar Committee report, the presence of Muslims has been found to be only 3% in IAS, 1.8% in IFS and 4% in IPS. Parveen Talha, ex-member of Union Public Service Commission, feels that lower Muslim participation in electoral politics is a drawback. Talha condemns the quota-based politics and adds that Muslims haven't realised that they are used as a vote bank. \"Instead of pleasing a community, the political parties should fulfil the commitments they've made earlier. Get rid of the casteism is what I wish to tell them flatly,\" says Talha in an aggressive tone. \"Why are the Muslim women targeted as weak and not the educated ones? As far as empowerment is concerned, what about educating the male members who are the so-called decision makers and the more responsible ones,\" she asks.Nusrat Raza, a PhD scholar, says the voting criterion of Muslims is completely disturbed. \"The quota only increases the competition for Muslims. Think beyond quota.\" And, she has no hope from the politicians. \"I'd be wasting my time if I expect anything from these political parties. Before pointing at each other, every party should first get rid of casteist politics,\" she says. Perhaps, it's time the Muslim community starts looking beyond the quota politics and turn its focus on bigger issues concerning them. At least, Muslim women are beginning to think on these lines.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785290", "title": "Jyoti's parents cry foul over absence of govt aid", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is another instances when government has failed to recognize a distinction. City girl Jyoti Amge who featured in Guinness Book of World Records as the smallest girl/woman in the world is latest to get government cold shoulder.Father of this diminutive girl Kisan rued that both central and stage governments had failed to recognize his daughter's distinction. Kisan, who runs a small transport business, stated that they had demanded some financial help to his dwarf daughter for her education but there was no response from the government's side. \"We hail from lower middle class family. After people abroad began asking for Jyoti's appearance, I had to leave my business to accompany her. We then met MLAs in the region for help, but none of them came forward. In fact, we even met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar but failed to get even a penny,\" he said.Kisan said Pawar gave him a letter asking officials to provide some help for Jyoti, a former student of Jingle Bells High School at Hiwri Nagar. \"However, when I reached Mantralaya, they showed me the door stating that they had no provision of providing any assistance to Guinness record holders,\" he said.Her mother Ranjana pointed out that they expected help from at least city MP Vilas Muttemwar and tried their best to contact him. \"We even explained our plight to state food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe and minister of state for public health Varsha Gaikwad. They all made promises. We are fed up now approaching the politicians who have no value for the citizens who bring laurels to the country,\" she claimed.Justifying Jyoti's move to pursue higher education from open university, her father stated that they had no other alternative as his dwarf daughter was in high demand abroad. \"We get much respect in foreign countries and they also pay us well, unlike Indian government. She remains abroad for nearly eight months in a year to participate in various reality shows and therefore could not attend regular classes.\"Kisan added even during her SSC exams she had an assignment and therefore skipped two papers. She later cleared the exam as private candidate, he said. YCMOU Nagpur division director Subhash Belsare endorsed Jyoti's parents demand that a policy decision to provide help to such persons get education be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11785602", "title": "Students leaf through UK varsities", "text": "BANGALORE: For those in search of quality education on foreign shores, the Education UK exhibition had much to offer.The day-long event organized by the British Council on Monday witnessed 58 UK universities under one roof. Students who thronged the venue got access to information on courses and life in the UK. The expo turned out to be a one-stop-shop for all UK-related queries.Not just students, working professionals too flocked to the fair looking for suitable courses for further studies. \"I am looking for MS in finance. UK is known for this specialization and I have zeroed in on a few universities there,\" said 21-year-old Vedant Rungta, an analyst.Universities offering MBA courses for freshers were also around. \"Most UK universities seek work experience of at least five to six years to qualify for an MBA programme. But there are some with MBA for freshers as well. I have filtered three such universities,\" said Sahana N from Dr Ambedkar Institute of Technology.\"With more and more international schools mushrooming in Bangalore, the trend of stepping abroad has become common. The exhibition has delegates from several universities and students can talk to them directly,\" said L Dhanasekaran, head education UK, British Council.This year's exhibition also had the provision of online registration and over 1,000 from across Bangalore registered. \"We have students from Christ University, Bangalore University, Alliance University and engineering colleges as well. As far as popularity of courses is concerned, MBA is selling well,\" said Dhanasekaran.The expo also saw seminars on student visas, biotechnology, engineering, MBA and MSc. The exhibition was held in Bangalore after Hyderabad and Chennai. The next stop will be in Pune on February 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785965", "title": "Family car rally on February 12", "text": "PATNA: Lions Club of Patna Favourite has decided to organize a family car rally combined with a treasure hunt from Patna to Maner on February 12 with the motto 'Stop honking'.Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh and senior SP Alok Kumar will jointly flag off the rally at Dak Bungalow crossing in the morning. The winners of the car rally will be felicitated at a function here on February 14.\"A car rally and a treasure hunt format are being combined to give maximum fun to participants,\" said Sumita Sahi, president of the club, here on Monday.Around 40 teams are expected to participate in the rally. There are two categories - the first one is for women, where both the navigator and the pilot would be women. The other one is the general category where anyone can take part.\"Since it is a family car rally and also a treasure hunt, we are allowing two kids to accompany each team,\" said Sahi.After completing the treasure hunt (designed in a way that it would not take more than 10km), the rally format would be based on TDS (time, distance, speed) format with maximum average speed of 35km per hour.Winners in the general and women category would get a cash prize of Rs 10,000 each. Besides, there would be 14 more prizes.\"The funds raised by the car rally would be utilized for social service initiatives of the club,\" said Namrata Singh, rally coordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785881", "title": "Overlooked BJP hopefuls pause before reacting", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP has achieved a breakthrough in forging an alliance with the MGP in its quest for power, but party leaders are waiting to gauge the extent of rebellion within its ranks as some discarded hopefuls have not reacted immediately.While BJP MLA Vijay Pai Khot and former MLA Prakash Velip are keeping their cards close to their chest, a few others are poised to seek their supporters' opinion to decide the future course of action. \"I have not decided anything as yet,\" Khot said.On if he would seek his supporters' views about his political future, Khot who had almost lodged a toehold in the Congress party, declined to comment. BJP MLA Ramesh Tawadkar has been offered the ticket for the unified Canacona constituency.Velip held a meeting of his supporters on Monday evening, but they were all tightlipped about the deliberations. The Quepem seat has been allotted to MGP after the BJP forged an alliance on Saturday and Prakash Arjun Velip has bagged the ticket.A few other BJP hopefuls said they are consulting their supporters. \"We will wait for a couple of days to make our stand clear,\" Vithu Morajkar, BJP scheduled caste (SC) morcha state president said. Former MLA Rajendra Arlekar has received the nod over Morajkar for the Pernem segment reserved for SC candidates.Morajkar who was an aspirant from Pernem constituency said he was an active party worker for the past four and half years. \"I waited eight months for the ticket in Pernem, and I can wait for another week,\" he said.Another BJP leader and former chairperson of Mormugao municipal council Manish Arolkar said he will convene a meeting of his supporters.\"I am a people's person and will decide the future course of action after eliciting my supporters' views,\" he said.Arolkar said he was promised a party ticket by party leaders in Vasco during the last election. Another MMC councilor Carlos Almeida was included in the first list of candidates announced by BJP on Sunday night.Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira, who was nudged out by zilla panchayat member Michael Lobo for the BJP ticket in Calangute segment said he will hold a meeting with his supporters and \"decide the issue shortly\". Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11786874", "title": "Ratings up, Obama eyes second term", "text": "WASHINGTON: Boosted by rising US jobs figures, president Barack Obama's approval rating has hit the magical 50% mark and he has opened up a double-digit lead over his likely Republican opponent in November, a poll showed on Monday.The poll by the Washington Post and ABC television found Obama reaching the 50% barrier - seen as a critical threshold for an incumbent seeking reelection - for the first time since Osama bin Laden was killed.Earlier Obama had told NBC that he deserved another term. He was responding to a question on his remarks before the 2009 Super Bowl in which he had said that he will be a one-term president if the economy does not improve by then. \"If I don't have this done in three years, then it's going to be a one-term proposition,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787154", "title": "Police get custody of Ravanan for three days", "text": "CHENNAI: An Alandur magistrate's court on Monday allowed central crime branch (CCB) sleuths to take M R P Ravanan, a relative of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's former aide Sasikalaa Natarajan, into custody for three days to question him in a cheating case. The Coimbatore rural police had arrested Ravanan in another case on January 28.Ravanan was brought to the court at 11am and the magistrate, Balasubramanian, postponed his verdict post-lunch. However, the case was dragged until 4pm and finally the magistrate gave his ruling.Earlier, Ravanan's counsel filed a petition against granting police custody. \"As police had questioned him earlier, there is no need to inquire him further. After the magistrate granted police to question him, I filed a petition requesting that one of his counsel be present with Ravanan during police inquiry. The magistrate dismissed the petition,\" counsel Ganesan said.The CCB had booked Ravanan (52) and his associates Sathya and Raja on charges of cheating, criminal intimidation and criminal breach of trust based on a complaint from R Krishnamurthy, managing director of Tirupur-based R K Imay Property Developers' Pvt Ltd.Krishnamurthy's complaint said he paid Ravanan Rs 1 crore for sand quarrying licences in the Trichy and Karur areas but the latter failed to deliver and threatened him with dire consequences when asked to return the money.Ravanan was expelled from the AIADMK as part of a state-wide exercise to cleanse it of people considered close to Sasikalaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11786984", "title": "Plenty of frills &amp; thrills when flamenco dancers take stage", "text": "MUMBAI: On Tuesday evening, Cross Maidan will get a taste of Spain. Visitors to The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival will get to view the country's energetic dance genre, flamenco , through a troupe of five flamenco dancers in frilly, flamboyant costumes that are characteristic of the dance.The performance has been choreographed by dancer Behnaz Khusrokhan Bhandare, director of the Ole Flamenco Dance Troupe. Bhandare was attracted to flamenco while doing a world dance course in Denison University . Subsequently, she went on to several dance companies in New York , and has been practising the form for ten years.She has also studied advanced flamenco in Seville, Spain, at the Christina Heeren Foundation. The 30-minute performance , starting at 7.30pm, will be performed by an all-female group with members Iratxe Pazos, Neha Kudchadkar , Riddhi Chedha and Shehzeen Kassum , who have been practising for the event since last December.\"It's a very passionate form of dance and you have to see it to truly enjoy it,\" says Bhandare who was a ballet dancer for 18 years before learning flamenco. \"The Ole Dance Troupe is the only Mumbai-based group of flamenco performers ,\" says Sanjukta Wagh, dance curator for the festival . \"It will be interesting to see a group of young performers doing the authentic traditional form, especially after its recent popularity in India through representations in Bollywood films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790087", "title": "Nigar and Gauhar Khan's sister pact", "text": "Nigar and Gauhar Khan don't care if they display their sibling rivalry on TV, only because they are secure in their relationshipCAUSE Parents often set this lifelong, and emotionally exhausting race off. When a parent shows more love, gives more attention, or is unable or unwilling to monitor what goes on between the kids, the connection between siblings can suffer. Unwittingly, but sometimes quite cussedly, family members compare you and the rest of the brood. And guess what? No two people are alike so someone's got to suffer in this comparison. \"The sibling is usually the closest individual approximately of one's age whose accomplishments are easily visible because of proximity and with whom comparisons can often unwittingly happen,\" says Dr Anuradha Sovani from the Department of Applied Psychology, University of Mumbai.Nigar points out that she always felt squashed because she was the middle one among five. \"Gauhar is the youngest and mama's favourite. But we need to realise that a parent is a human being and all five fingers are not the same. Over time, I learned to stop expecting mom to understand,\" she says. Gauhar acknowledges that the attention was divided unfairly and appreciates that her sister has not held the grudge.GROW UP As you grow older, use your own brain to resolve the issue. When working hard to express individuality, use it to your advantage by understanding that you don't have to internalise comparisons.There are, after all, advantages to learning how to resolve your problem with your sibling. You can learn conflict resolution only when faced with a conflict and sibling rivalry provides a safe and supervised place to practise this. The second important lesson that this rivalry teaches is that the world is not fair.Besides, relationships do evolve (or take a turn for the worse if problems are not addressed). \"There is a four-year gap between us,\" says Gauhar. \"When I was younger I was overprotective about her. Then I realised she has to have her own experiences and learn from them. Now we communicate like friends.\" Nigar agrees that both have let go of that period. \"I wanted space and she felt the need to protect me. But now sometimes there is a role reversal and she needs my advice.\"The first step to managing anything lies in identifying it. \"Acknowledge the feeling rather than suppress it and suffer guilt,\" says Sovani. \"Once you can come to terms with the 'why', try to achieve what you think you lack in. If your sibling is sociable, learn the skill, rather than envy him/her for their social circle. No point pining for the reward that accrues from their strengths without trying to acquire the strengths.\"Counsellor Varkha Chulani says emotional education is critical. \"We need to relearn the core attitude that there is no need to put yourself down and elevate the other person, or vice-versa. Challenge the dialogue in your head and unlearn that each one is not good enough in itself.\"If you have tried everything and your sibling can't let go of the negative feelings, there is cause for concern. Rational jealousy is one thing but excessive jealousy is a symptom of an emotionally disturbed person. \"If it gets unhealthy, distance yourself and protect your own sanity,\" says Chulani.This does not mean you should stop extending empathy. \"Treat it like healthy competition,\" says Gauhar. Remember you love each other. \"It's important to introspect and rationalise. There is finally no right or wrong. But if you value your relationship, you have to not let your ego get in the way,\" says Nigar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11784516", "title": "Man who threw acid on Goregaon woman arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Monday arrested two associates of Pinto Shaikh, accused of planning the acid attack on Arti Thakur, which took place at the Goregaon railway station last week.The two, Feroz Ayub Memon (23), alias Papa, and Mohammed Feroz Zubair Shaikh (19), alias Mannu, were caught at a guest house near the Haji Malang dargah in Kalyan.While the acid throwing was done by Papa, Mannu is accused of procuring it from an industrial estate in Dahisar. In all, four arrests have been made in the case so far.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said Papa and Mannu have been handed over to the Government Railway Police ( GRP), which last week arrested Pinto and his mother, Manju Shaikh. The police said a unit led by inspector Gopika Jagirdar, and assistant inspectors Rauf Shaikh and Sanjay Joshi raided the Kalyan guest house.The acid attack on Thakur, who works for a private firm in suburban Goregaon, took place as she was punching coupons at the Goregaon railway station. This was the third assault on her.she was first attacked in November 2011 in Malwani. The second attack occurred in December. On both occasions, her face was targeted, the weapons being a blade and a barber's razor; the assaulters are yet to be identified.Manju, who has a criminal background and is a drug addict, told the police that she gave a supari to Papa for carrying out the acid attack.The police, unaware for days about the motive behind the attack, were shocked to learn that a sex angle was involved.A police source said Manju was a lesbian and wanted a relationship with Thakur, who was a tenant in Manju's house. \"Secondly, Pinto wanted to marry Thakur, but later started an affair with another woman. Manju wanted Thakur to be married to her son so that she could fulfil her lesbian needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11785892", "title": "HC seeks records from govt in 2 days", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of the Patna high court presided over by Justice Navin Sinha on Monday directed the state government to place all records concerning the appointment of secondary and senior secondary teachers in schools before the court within two days.The petitioner in the case, Ranjit Kumar and others, had alleged that the state government, through an ad issued by Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on August 28, 2011, had called for applications for the appointment of secondary and senior secondary teachers in the schools across the state. The minimum qualification for taking the related examination was simple BA or BSc, not BEd as stipulated under the National Council for Teachers Education Act, 1993.Advocate S N Pathak, who appeared on behalf of NCTE, said, \"The minimum qualification fixed by the state government was not in consonance with the NCTE Act as well as the NCTE regulations of 2011, 2003 and 2009.\" Pathak said the state government's action was tantamount to appointing untrained teachers on the said posts.It may be mentioned here that the Union government had earlier relaxed rules for the appointment of elementary teachers in the state on the request of the state government as it was finding it difficult to fill up the huge vacancies in view of shortage of qualified candidates. The defence lawyer had cited this point in this case too.Senior lawyer Chitranjan Prasad Sinha appeared for the petitioner, while Lalit Kishore represented the state government.After hearing the pleas of both the sides, the court directed the state government to place all records of the said examination before the court and also asked the petitioner's lawyer to submit the letter having provision of relaxation of qualification.The court fixed the next date of hearing in the case on February 8. The said examination is scheduled for February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11787108", "title": "HC sacks woman panchayat president over counting fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has stripped a woman panchayat president of her post after it was brought to the court's notice that counting officials were coerced into ordering recount of votes in violation of all rules and that they were threatened by husbands of the two main candidates.AIADMK's Rama Ramesh, who was elected president of Eramalur panchayat in Tiruvannamalai district, became the first local body chief to lose her post after the poll-related irregularities were brought before the court through a petition. The election was held on October 19, 2011 and counting took place on October 21.A division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice PPS Janarthana Raja, partly allowing the plea of Meeradevi Tharani Venthan, however, refused to declare her winner, as the counting of votes was not completed and that several 'doubtful' ballot papers were damaged during the scuffle between the two main candidates.The petition claimed that out of the 991 votes polled in six wards, Meeradevi secured 473 and Rama got 468. However, after abusing and assaulting counting officials, Rama's husband Ramesh got an on-the-spot order for re-counting. In the end, Rama was declared winner with 470 votes, as Meeradevi was shown to have secured only 467 votes.Challenging the outcome, Meeradevi filed a petition seeking to declare Rama's election invalid and herself as president of the panchayat. In his detailed counter, the returning officer narrated how a fight broke out between the husbands and how Ramesh snatched 'doubftul votes' from him and crushed them. The counter said the counting officials feared for their lives, as the situation was volatile with tension mounting around the counting centre. Protesting abuse, counting officials even struck work for more than 90 minutes, before they were constrained to order re-counting.The bench, noting that they would not venture into adjudicating disputes over facts, said the election officials could order re-counting only on specific request in writing and not otherwise. In the absence of such a procedure, the entire counting and declaration should deemed to be incomplete, it said, adding, \"the returning officer has not followed Rule 62 of Tamil Nadu Panchayats (Elections) Rules and has suo motu decided re-counting, that too under pressure from the candidate. In our opinion, such a re-counting done in contravention of the provisions cannot be sustained in the eye of law.\"Declaring Rama's election as illegal and setting it aside, the judges pointed out that even the state election commission was of the view that the only course open to them was to conduct repoll. They then asked the commission to order repoll and ensure that none of the earlier officers was deployed for poll work.The petition claimed that out of the total 991 votes polled in six wards Meeradevi came on the top. Rama's husband Ramesh got an on-the-spot order for re-counting. In the end, Rama was declared winner with 470 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789795", "title": "Success Mantra", "text": "Eti Agarwal, last year's all-India ISC topper (98.75%), offers tips to students on how to handle last-minute exam stressThe clock is ticking for students who are all set to take the ISC Board examination starting from February 13. With just a week left, stress levels are likely to be high. The number of sleeping hours must have gone down and students wouldnt let go of their books. Although before the exam, every student experiences this sense of fear, this is not the right approach for preparation. That is why at this point of time I only concentrated on revisions without letting the exam pressure build up.One should understand that it is not the effort, but the quality that matters. The emphasis should be on learning to strike a balance between subjects. Practical subjects like accounts and mathematics need continuous practice and theoretical subjects like commerce require a thorough understanding of the concepts.I never attended any coaching classes. The guidance that I received was from my school teachers. Personally, I believe that 80% of ones success depends on a students effort, 10% on the strategies students use to tackle exams and the remaining 10% on guidance, either through schools or coaching institutes.When I was preparing for the exams last year, in the afternoon, I made sure to sleep between half-an-hour to one hour. This kept my energy level high.While studying, I used to take a 10-minute break after every two hours. During this time, I always interacted with people around me. This helped me concentrate better whenever I got back to studying.All that is required to crack the exams is sincerity, determination, time-management and self-confidence. My advice to all students appearing for the ISC exams is to remember not to make half-hearted attempts and that there are no shortcuts to success.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786321", "title": "SBH manager held for swindling Rs 75 L", "text": "HYDERABAD: A State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) manager, who had siphoned off Rs 75 lakh worth fixed deposits (FD) belonging to a customer, was arrested by the Madhapur police on Monday.Police arrested T Madhavi Prasanna, 45, of Nizampet, who was the manager of SBH branch at Mindspace Raheja near Hi-Tec City.In October 2011, AS Ravi Kumar, SBH general manager, Hyderabad, had lodged a complaint against Madhavi for stealing Rs 75 lakh FD amount belonging to a customer, Madhapur inspector K Srinath Reddy said.\"Since then, she had been absconding and based on a specific alert, we arrested her from her relative's house in Alwal on Monday,\" the inspector added.According to police, prior to her posting at Mindspace Raheja branch, Madhavi worked at the bank's Chengomul branch in Ranga Reddy district. \"While working at Chengomul, she borrowed Rs 15 lakh from several farmers, who approached her for loans. As the farmers were putting pressure on her to return the money, she resorted to the fraud,\" the inspector said.To clear her debts, Madhavi had stolen Rs 75 lakh belonging to a customer, V Sai Prabhakar. As per her plan, Madhavi transferred the amount to various bank accounts belonging to her friends, relatives and withdrew it later. \"She used the money to clear debts and for some real-estate deal in Mumbai,\" the inspector said.The fraud came to light when Prabhakar approached the bank in October 2011 asking for transfer of the money to another branch in Kukatpally. When the bank staff intimated him that the money was no more there, he lodged a complaint with the senior staff. An internal inquiry revealed that a fraud was committed by Madhavi. She was immediately suspended and a police complaint was lodged. After the fraud came to light, Madhavi vanished and police finally arrested her on Monday. \"We are yet to recover any money and the process will begin soon,\" the inspector said.Cases were slapped against the former bank manager under sections 406 (Criminal breach of trust) and 409 (Criminal breach of trust by banker) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). She was produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11785644", "title": "Clash on CNT Act in Dhanbad", "text": "DHANBAD: Opponents and supporters of the Chotanagpur Tenancy Act 1908 confronted each other in town on Monday forcing the district administration to impose prohibitory orders near Randhir Verma Square, close to the deputy commissioner's office.For the past 10 days, there is no transaction of land in the district registration office following a government decision to strictly enforce the provisions of the act. Lands belonging to Scheduled Tribe, Scheduled Caste and other backward castes cannot be sold to members of other castes.The opponents of the act on Monday formed an organization, Astitva Andolan, which got the support of leading builders and developers of colonies. They held a meeting at the zilla parishad grounds and later marched to Randhir Verma Square, where they were stopped by police led by DSP S R Singh.Singh allowed a four-member delegation to meet the deputy commissioner and submit a memorandum to him. Deputy mayor Neeraj Singh, who led the delegation, demanded the act be scrapped as it was 104 years old. Bachcha Singh, a former urban development minister, who also addressed the meeting,said, \"The act was the need of the hour when the British had framed it and population of tribals was restricted to some particular areas and now with globalization and expansion of the social structure, people of all states and castes are staying everywhere.\" He regretted a person of Indian origin could become prime minister and president in Mauritius, Fiji, Trinidad and Tobago and Guyana , but coul not buy land in Jharkhand. It is discriminatory, he alleged. The agitation has given a call for Dhanbad bandh on February 10.Jharkhand Kranti Morcha president Pawan Mahto, who had contested last year's municipal elections, led another demonstration at Jharkhand Maidan, asking the government to strictly enforce the act. The act supporters took out a motorcycle rally from Binod Bihari Mahto Chowk and terminated at Jharkhand Maidan.Mahto said the interests of tribals, Dalits and OBCs should be protected and land belonging to the communities should be retained at all cost. People coming from other states are purchasing land of these communities at cheaper rates and constructing palatial buildings and townships. Manoj Mahto, a city corporator, who also demanded that the \"loot of tribals\" should stop and those violating the act should be detained under the National Security Act. \"Those grabbing the land of the poor should be arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11785873", "title": "Poll panel to meet on Cong manifesto", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Election Commission on Tuesday would conduct a hearing on Congress allegedly violating the panchayat election code of conduct by accusing chief minister Naveen Patnaik and 13 ministers of corruption in its poll manifesto.The commission has served notices to the Congress and the BJD to send their representatives at 12 noon to put forth their cases, official sources said. The BJD had moved the commission against the Congress' manifesto, released on January 28, on grounds that it was offensive, contravened the model code of conduct and demanded the election body to direct Congress to withdraw the manifesto.The Congress, while responding to a notice served by the commission, on February 3 said it had not violated the poll code as the allegations against Naveen and 13 ministers were not new and repeatedly raised by different parties in the past before various constitutional authorities and legal forums. It also maintained the manifesto did not assassinate the character of any individual, political leadership or party. Congress spokesperson Arya Gyanendra said the party would attend the hearing and present its case. BJD general secretary Narendra Swain said contents of the Congress manifesto clearly violated the model code for the ensuing rural elections and the ruling party would press for action against Congress during the commission's hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11790606", "title": "RBI warns against fake emails, calls", "text": "MUMBAI: Stating that gullible investors have fallen prey to frauds by individuals impersonating as RBI employees, the apex bank said it never contacts people through unsolicited phone calls or emails asking for money or any other type of personal information.\"Many residents have already become victims and have lost huge sums of money by falling for such fictitious offers. The public is advised to register their complaints with the local law enforcement agencies,\" the Reserve Bank said in a statement.It further added: \"The RBI never contacts the public via unsolicited phone calls or emails asking for money or any other type of personal information.... does not maintain/give money/foreign currency or any other type of funds to individual or opens accounts for/in the name of individuals\".The central bank urged the public to remain alert and not to fall prey to frauds or scams perpetrated by individuals who impersonate as employees of the RBI.The bank's latest advisory comes as a follow up to similar warnings issued by it in the past cautioning the public to be aware of such fraudulent schemes, including by means of Internet.The Finance Ministry has also in past few months cautioned against any such attempts to defraud the public.In today's statement, RBI said it does not hold any accounts of individuals and none of its employees call up people about lottery winnings or funds received from abroadIt further said that RBI does not send any emails intimating award of lottery funds or such other instruments and nor does its not send any sms, letter or email to communicate such fictitious offers of lottery winnings or funds received from abroad.\"The only official and genuine website of the RBI is (www.rbi.org.in) and the public may be careful and not get misled by fake websites with similar addresses beginning with 'Reserve Bank', 'RBI', etc., along with fake logos,\" it said.In case of any suspicious calls of emails, it has asked the concerned people to inform local police or cyber crime authority about such frauds.\"The RBI has, on several occasions in the past, cautioned the members of public not to fall prey to fictitious offers / lottery winnings/remittance of cheap funds in foreign currency from abroad by so-called foreign entities/individuals or to Indian residents acting as representatives of such entities/individuals,\" it said.Describing the modus operandi of the fraud, RBI stated that the fraudsters send attractive offers to gullible public through letters, e-mails, mobile phones, SMSes, etc. To lend credence to such offers, the communication is often sent on or from letterheads or websites that appear to be like that of some public authorities like the RBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11787487", "title": "CRPF firing claims one for defying signal", "text": "RANCHI: A suspected criminal was killed near Tamar Talab on Tamar-Arki road on Monday when a CRPF patrolling party opened fire on the SUV which he was driving. Two others in the vehicle, however, fled.The CRPF personnel opened fire on the red SUV, having registration number of Odisha, as the driver ignored the security force's order to stop for checking.Ranchi (rural) SP Asim V Minj said the deceased had been identified as Rohit Kumar Prajapati, a resident of Gumla district. \"Early in the morning, the SUV was seen at the Arki check post. The driver did not stop there and almost dashed a policeman on duty and fled.\" The officer on duty at the checkpost informed the next checkpost, but the driver again managed to flee.\"Then the CRPF post and patrolling party of Bundu was informed about the SUV. As the vehicle once again tried to flee near Tamar Talab (about 50 km from Ranchi), the CRPF personnel opened fire injuring Prajapati who was on the driver's seat,\" said Minj.After the firing, the driver lost control over the vehicle and entered the nearby agricultural field. Before the CRPF personnel arrived near the vehicle, two other men sitting in the SUV managed to flee. Prajapati succumbed to injuries on way to hospital.The SUV was in the name of coal trader Vinod Kumar of Rourkela in Odisha. The businessman had already informed the Odisha police about the theft of the vehicle. \"I spoke to the coal trader who was in Kolkata and he confirmed that his vehicle was stolen,\" said the SP.Bundu DSP Naushad Alam said police recovered some cartridges from the vehicle. Local police are investigating the case. \"We are yet to get the details of the deceased and his antecedents. At present, it will not be correct to say if he was a criminal or a Maoist,\" said Alam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11785459", "title": "Collapsed building papers were in the name of Khandelwal's wife", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police have confirmed that the papers of the collapsed building at Chikhli Layout are in the name of Pramod Khandelwal's wife Pratibha and are likely to book his wife after confirming some more documents.Police said that the NIT authorities are ready with the reports except of the materials used for construction. \"Samples of the cement and other materials used for the building have already been sent. The reports are awaited. Soon, a meeting will be convened with NIT officials to determine further line of action,\" said senior police officials.Last week, a seven-storey building, owned by Pramod Khandelwal, collapsed killing 17 persons and injuring 16 others. It took five days for cops to retrieve the bodies from the debris. Kalamna police have arrested Khandelwal and have also booked contractor Dilip Nandanwar and architect Sudarshan Sahoo.Though the debris has been almost removed, it has been learnt that two persons - Sandeep Umathe and Shripad Pendam are still missing. Cops said that the missing list was made by a labourer contractor.\"Even the family members are not claiming about the missing people. We are trying to find out their addresses and will check their residential areas too,\" said Kalamna police.Senior police officials are planning to convene a meeting with NIT officials soon to determine the role of Pratibha Khandelwal in the case, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11787261", "title": "Citizens form 31-km long human chain in support of girl child", "text": "KARNAL: The anti-female foeticide campaign launched by a woman IAS officer on September 6 last year received a shot in the arm on Monday, when hundreds of citizens came out on the roads to form a 31-km long human chain to propagate the message of save the girl child.Raising slogans in support of the girl child and promising support in the fight against female foeticide, people formed a human chain that stretched across the main markets, various sectors, the bus stand road, railway road and Meerut road here in the morning.More than 50,000 school students from a number of educational students from the district, 70 organizations including various welfare associations and NGOs, besides senior citizens, freedom fighters and the national integration medical association participated in the event. The activists carried posters and flowers in their hands. The roads of the district resounded with slogans like \"Beti nahi bachaoge toh bahu kahan se laoge\" (\"If you don't save the daughters, from where will you get the brides?\") and \"Bandh karo ye atyachar\" (\"Stop this crime\").Kishan Lal, one of the shopkeepers said that it was for the first time in the history of the district that such an endeavour had been undertaken against a social evil like female foeticide.The district has registered improvement in sex ratio from 813 last year to 849 this year after the launch of the campaign against female foeticide. The state has a skewed sex ratio of 826 girls for every 1,000 boys in the age group of 0-6 years.Neelam Kasni, the IAS officer who started the campaign said that the human chain was planned in order to reach out to the masses which was a part of save the crusade. Kasni, who is deputy commissioner, Karnal said from the overwhelming response received from the general public they were hopeful that the campaign would go a long way in improving the sex ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789855", "title": "Abir Chatterjee joins the injury club", "text": "Guess what actors P riyanka, Payel, Subhashree, Dev a nd Nusrat have in common? Well, each met with an accident while doing a Raj Chakrabarty film (\"Chirodini Tumi Je Amar\", \"Ley Chakka\", \"Challenge\", , \"Dui Prithibi\", \"Shatru\" respectively).And now, joining the injury club is Abir Chatterjee. The actor recently hurt himself while shooting for Raj's \"Kanamachi\". \"I really don't know why each time my lead actor gets injured on the sets! My shoots have become jinxed. If the trend persists, I wonder how many actors will show interest in my films,\" said Raj, who has just returned from Bolpur having finalized shooting locations for \"Kanamachi\". Giving one a peek into the Abir chapter, he added, \"We were canning a chase sequence with Abir in North Kolkata, when he fell down while running. It happened twice in a row and Abir told me later, 'Amake ekta knee cap toh diteh parte?',\" laughed Raj, adding, \"But despite injury, Abir continued with the shoot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11786600", "title": "Failure to give jobs to more gas-hit invites objection", "text": "BHOPAL: Entrepreneurs running their units from industrial sheds, built in Govindpura close to a decade after the gas tragedy, are flouting norms. Even, the record of the government agencies is no better in this regard. The office of Gas Relief and Rehabilitation Commissioner (GRRC) shot off letters to the concerned departments questioning the legitimacy of the present occupants for their failure. The office feels that the basic purpose of providing employment to gas victims is not being served. It is another matter that none of the departments have responded to the missive.Gas Relief and Rehabilitation Commissioner (GRRC) M K Varshney said, \"We are consulting with the respective departments and hope the gas victims' rights will be upheld.\"In 1994, the Department of Industry and Hast Shilp Vikas Nigam (HSVN) and the Union ministry of textiles had leased out the sheds to entrepreneurs with the proviso that they would provide employment for gas victims.According to a survey, just 365 gas victims have found employment in these work-sheds built with the fund of some Rs 25 crore meant for gas victims. Sheds of varying sizes were allotted to provide employment to a minimum of 600-800 gas victims or their family members.Seventeen of these sheds are under the Hast Shilp Vikas Nigam (HSVN) while eight are under the Union government's ministry of textiles. And of the remaining 118 sheds, allotted to private entrepreneurs by state department of industries, 22 sheds lie unutilized.Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udyog Sanghathan (BGPHUS) convener Abdul Jabbar said, \"The basic objective of providing employment opportunities to gas victims has been ignored and the government agencies themselves are at fault.\"Interestingly, the government had converted 73 sheds for housing the rapid action force (RAF) in 1992, which remained under the control of RAF for the better part of a decade.HSVN G M Ramakant Chatervedi said, \"Training is being imparted to about 120 persons including gas victims too. HSVN has about 24 sheds.\" District Industries Centre General Manager Mohan Chaturvedi could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11786458", "title": "Residents plead for space as cabs invade Moulsari Avenue", "text": "GURGAON: A sense of insecurity looms over residents of Moulsari Avenue in DLF Phase III who are plagued by unchecked illegal parking of office cabs within their residential block ever since the traffic police prohibited their parking in green belts and service lanes in the Cyber City area. Residents claim that the vacant plots in the adjoining blocks are being used for parking by these cab drivers all through the day as well as at night. The BPO cabs ferrying employees of Udyog Vihar and Cyber City parked illegally are eating into the already constricted road space because of which the narrow road connecting the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway with Mehrauli-Gurgaon Road has been witnessing frequent traffic jams during peak hours.The residents of Block V, U, W and Moulsari Avenue of DLF III have been repeatedly complaining about the inconvenience and traffic snarls on this stretch, but they have no relief. The construction of pillars of Rapid Metro on this stretch has reduced the width of the existing roads considerably, and the peak-hour traffic moving towards DLF Phase III and MG Road often finds bumper-to-bumper snarls on the stretch. \"This is one of the most beautiful areas of the city but certain problems have been increasing the inconvenience of the residents. The illegal parking of BPO cabs is a big mess here. Moulsari Avenue is used by commuters going from the expressway towards MG Road and vice versa,\" said Neeta Chopra, a resident of Moulsari Avenue.The residents of the blocks located behind Cyber City have been complaining of increasing insecurity and traffic jams because of the illegal parking.Sandeep Khullar, another resident of Moulsari Avenue, said. \"The taxis and cabs from Cyber City are being parked in the vacant plots of our colony and that is a big security concern for all of us. For women it is very unsafe to walk down to Moulsari Arcade as many taxi cabs are always lined up along the roadside. We hope the authorities concerned do something about the problem as early as they can.\"When contacted, DLF officials that they have directed guards to disallow the parking of cabs along Moulsari Avenue as well as the adjoining blocks. \"A quick response team (QRT) has been chasing these cab drivers and they are always on the move. Guards have also been keeping a check on illegal parking by these cab drivers. Moreover, we have no jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785857", "title": "A home with a phew", "text": "PANAJI: The construction boom has left this once pristine fishing village a choc-a-bloc mess of civic woes Benaulim, a much-visited beach destination about 5km from Margao, is grappling with civic woes thanks largely to the massive boom in construction. Information procured from the panchayat office shows that to date the village is home to 5,424 residential houses (apartments) and bungalows and about 94 multi-dwelling projects. This is not inclusive of the myriad shops and commercial establishments that also call it home. Inevitably, the once pristine fishing village is a crammed locale for its 20,000-odd residents, a population that's almost double the 2001 census figure.\"The constructions that have mushroomed all over the village (many in less than two years) are a burden on the infrastructure and have left us grappling with poor water supply, erratic power supply and a growing garbage menace,\" says resident Geraldine Fernandes.Agrees another local, Rudolph Barretto: \"The multi-housing projects, guest houses and hotels are the main source of our garbage problem. There is no garbage disposal system and even if there is, it has not been implemented properly.\"While the panchayat has placed four bins in front of its premises these are barely enough and garbage dumped in fields and open spaces are a common sight. People are also seen burning mixed wastes.Recently, in an effort to tackle the menace, the Benaulim Villagers' Action Committee ( BVAC), a group of locals fighting the village's various causes, roped in waste management consultant Clinton Vaz to conduct awareness programmes in five of the village's 10 wards \"where panch members were interested\".Says Vaz, also a resident of Benaulim, \"We have started waste collection in these wards and in the coming months hope to cover the entire village. Whatever is recyclable is disposed, but unrecyclable wastes are still a hitch. The panchayat is still to identify a site for composting pits.\"Sarpanch Carmeline Fernandes says, \"While some panch members have initiated awareness programmes in their wards, the rest are not bothered to help their people. The panchayat has a shredding machine given by the government, but even though we have written to the state to demonstrate how the machine works, this has not happened. We have now requested the government to take away the machine. As for a place to put up a composting pit, people don't want to part with their land as the rate (of land for selling purposes) is very high; so there is no land currently available. The search is still on.\"She adds, \"Benaulim can develop and problems can be solved, only when the people stop fighting in groups against the panchayat and fight against the root cause of the problems with the panchayat. Unity is the only key to all solutions. The projects which have come up are issued NOCs by the TCP and not by us. The villagers should clarify and put forth the problems before us and try to solve the problem, rather than blaming us for everything. If the department concerned helps us out timely, all these problems will be solved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11789674", "title": "We do not deal with Pakistan through lobbyists: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has said that it is not engaged in business with Pakistan through lobbyists and is looking forward to talking to Islamabad after the latter completes internal review of its ties with Washington.\"I don't have any knowledge of the letter one way or the other. But I will tell you that we don't do our business with Pakistan through its lobbyists,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said when asked about a letter written by a lobbyist urging the US to tender an apology to Pakistan for the November 26 NATO raid that killed 24 soldiers.\"We do our business with Pakistan through our representatives in Islamabad and throughout the country, as well as through the Pakistani embassy here,\" she said.\"I think you know where we are with Pakistan, which is that we are trying to be respectful of the time that Pakistan has asked for to complete its internal review, and then we look forward to talking to the government about where it wants to go on those aspects of our relationship that have been put on hold for the period,\" Nuland said.But, there is an ongoing level of communication between the two countries.\"So we maintain very strong communication on other issues. All of our civilian programs are going forward. So it is simply this issue of where we go on some of our security and counterterrorism issues that are pending the internal review on the Pakistani side,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11786720", "title": "Sibal moots 5-point agenda to boost social science research", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an attempt to rejuvenate social science research in the country, HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Monday proposed a five-point agenda, including instituting 10 annual awards and introducing National Social Science Research Innovation Centre and ICSSR fellowship schemes to attract talents.To be called Amartya Sen Awards in the line of Bhatnagar Awards, Sibal said that unlike science there is no comparative recognition to quality studies in social sciences. \"We propose to institute 10 annual awards to recognize advancement of knowledge in social sciences. I hope that due recognition to social scientists and their contributions would spur thousands of aspiring scholars in the future,\" said Sibal.Stating that social science is crucial for sound policy decisions, the minister proposed a research innovation centre to be established by Indian Council for Social Science Research (ICSSR) to identify innovative research methodologies in frontier areas of knowledge and assist in building a network for carrying forward the research interests of institutions, scholars and teachers.Addressing an international conference on social science - organized by ICSSR - the minister said a panel was set up to suggest raising research activities as adequate social research is critical for a country like India where social sector investment is vital for development.\"ICSSR could take the lead to develop a Social Sciences Knowledge and Research Network as an open source, virtual assembly of research papers of quality. This network could host peer reviewed research papers and PhD theses in social sciences, both priced and free, depending on the choice of the author,\" Sibal said.The functioning of the ICSSR, he said, has been reviewed by an eminent group of social scientists. The committee's suggestions are intended to be taken forward in the 12th Plan. He also underlined the need for greater research in areas such as agriculture and defence. And, the government would persist with funding these research institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11786673", "title": "Pak can\u2019t afford another war over Kashmir: Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani on Monday described Kashmir as a cornerstone of Pakistan's foreign policy, but called for a need to resolve the dispute \"through diplomacy and dialogue\" as his country \"cannot afford wars in the 21st century''.Gilani was addressing a gathering in Islamabad to mark Pakistan's Kashmir Solidarity Day that has been observed since 1990 to keep the issue in public discourse and call for implementation of UN resolutions on J&K; and a plebiscite in the region.\"Four wars have already been fought over the issue of Kashmir and the region remains a flashpoint. However, in the 21st century, we cannot afford any more wars,\" Gilani said. He also said that Pakistan wants to resolve the matter through \"dialogue, diplomacy, prudent policy and national consensus\".But he maintained that Pakistan remains \"committed to continue moral, political and diplomatic support to the people of Kashmir''. \"The whole nation, including all the political parties, is united on the cause of Kashmir,'' he said. Gilani referred to his meeting with PM Manmohan Singh in Maldives in November and said the two sides had agreed to discuss all core issues, including Kashmir.He said his cabinet had approved the Most Favoured Nation ( MFN) status for India with consensus. \"The decision was meant to hold trade talks,'' he said. But he reiterated that his government would never compromise on national interests.Gilani said cross LoC trade between Pakistan Occupied Kashmir and Jammu &amp; Kashmir since 2008 had reached around Rs 15 billion (Pakistani ), but it \"does not mean that we will back out from the Kashmir issue''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786515", "title": "Numaish visitors \u2018block\u2019 sales of shops outside", "text": "HYDERABAD: Owners of shops at Moazam Jahi Market and surrounding areas are waiting for the Numaish to conclude. With visitors to the exhibition using the space in front of their stores to park their vehicles for long hours, sales have taken a major hit. The drop is sales was anywhere between 30 per cent to 50 per cent as their shops remained blocked by visitors' vehicles, reveal shop owners.The exhibition entered its final week on Monday. \"People leave their cars here at around 5 pm and return only around 10.30 pm. Sometimes I even have to send someone to look for the car owner so that they can be asked to remove it,\" said Masood Ali, owner of Hanky Panky restaurant in Hussaini building. Talking about the impact on business, Mahboob Khan, manager of Liberty Tea Company in Nampally said, \"The damage is over 30%. There is no way for our customers to even see the shop, let alone enter it.\"This problem has been persistent from so many years now, that some shop owners decided to take matters into their own hands. An employee of Bilal Ice Cream at MJM said that they allow only their customers to park in front of their shop. However, a few others like MG Ahmed, proprietor of Pentel Stationery shop, have accepted this as a lost cause, \"The actual timing of our store is till 9 pm. But due to all these cars blocking the store, we now close at around 7.30 pm itself on weekends. By the time Numaish gets over, the affect on sales will come up to around 50%.\"Apart from the mad rush, another major reason behind people parking cars in front of these shops is the fact that \"big\" cars (sedans and SUVs) are not allowed in the car parking area near 'Ajanta' gate no. 2 to the Exhibition Grounds. The parking attendants refuse to let any big cars into the parking area and direct them to park either in the buildings across the road or on the street itself. These attendants even direct people to park cars right in front of the \"No Parking\" boards and charge them Rs 50 for it. While traffic police man the entrances to the exhibition at all times to make sure traffic is not disrupted, they say that fines and challans haven't stopped people from parking their cars on the streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11788924", "title": "Om Puri blows away smoking allegations", "text": "Om Puri who now describes himself as controversy's favourite stepchild, landed himself in the soup again on Saturday when he was accused of smoking at the Patel Memorial International College in Patiala.Speaking for the first time on the controversy Om says, \"Am I a mad man that I'd openly smoke in a public place, and that too an educational institution? Grant me with more common sense than that, please. I don't know why I'm being targeted in this way time after time.\"So what are those allegations of smoking at the college?\"Have you seen the photograph where I am shown smoking, suuposedly in a college? Do you see any sign of the college in the picture? That picture was not taken in the college. It was taken at the Principal's bungalow where I took a smoke to relax. I didn't know mediapersons would be present at the Principal's place. When I saw them there I requested them not to take my picture when I was smoking. But they did. And now they claim it's in the college.What do I do? The more I recoil from controversy the more I get into.\"Sounding a wee persecuted Om says, \"I am being thrust into one controversy after another during the past two years. Before that there was not a hint of a controversy anywhere in my life. Now after the book that Nandita (his wife) wrote I can't seem to take one step without creating a hungama .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11786311", "title": "Water Board to sent mobile alerts to consumers", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of several grievances on non-receipt of water bills, wrong meter reading and water tariff hike, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has decided to send meter reader's name and mobile number to consumers' mobile phones to redress their grievances.Speaking to the media here on Monday, HMWS&SB; managing director Adhar Sinha said, \"In view of several complaints on bills to the metro customer care (MCC), we decided to send the meter reader's name and mobile number to consumers along with bill alerts on SMS. For this, the consumers have to register their mobile numbers by calling MCC: 155313 or facebook.com/hmwssb.The Water Board has also launched a software 'Bill Monitoring System' (BMS) for monitoring bills submitted by general managers to the finance wing. The new automated system will effectively reduce manual work, better tracking and transparency in processing of bills.Replying to a query on revenue after the recent water tariff hike, the official said, \"Nearly 95% consumers have paid their water bills. We paid Rs 20 crore power dues to CPDCL. We have asked GMs to clarify doubts of citizens on water tariff hike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "madanapalle/hyderabad", "code": "11786395", "title": "Woman pleads for mercy killing of son", "text": "MADANAPALLE/HYDERABAD: The Chittoor district court on Monday admitted a petition filed by a 61-year-old woman for euthanasia (mercy killing) of her 36-year-old son C Janardhan, who has been lying in a vegetative state for the last 15 years.Presently, Janardhan is being looked after by his mother Lakshmamma in their small house in Danduvaripalle village in Kothapalli panchayat of Madanapalle rural mandal. Janardhan met with an accident on May 5, 1997, when he was knocked down by a lorry near Bangalore on his way back after applying for a visa to go to Australia, where he got a job as an aeronautical engineer. He was in coma for five years and recovered partially, but has been in a vegetative state since then.Janardhan's case was presented before second additional district judge Sumalatha, who postponed the case to March 3 after hearing the views of Sambasiva Reddy, the counsel representing the petitioner. Lakshmamma filed a petition in the legal services authority cell for the mercy killing, praying for Janardhan's 'right to die'.The woman said she could not see her son suffer any further and was not sure as to who would take care of him after her death. Lakshmamma said her husband Chandrappa had died eight years ago out of frustration and helplessness after the cruel fate confined his son Janardhan to bed.She said the widow pension of Rs 500 and some more money she earns from Podupu Lakshmi group was not enough to take care of his medical expenses. She also said how her poor husband had to sell their only one acre land to meet the medical expenses of Janardhan.She said her son could not speak and his both legs and hands became paralyzed because of the head injury he had suffered in the accident. \"Though I am taking care of him with great difficulty, I am worried about his future,\" she said in her petition.However, the judge said that financial constraints and inability to look after somebody cannot be the reason to terminate a life. \"This is unacceptable. No one has a right to take a life. We are still premature to accept euthanasia as it may have very dangerous consequences on the society,\" the judge said.Sumalatha issued notices to the district collector, AP Vaidya Vidhana Parishad chairman and local area hospital superintendent asking them as to why they should not extend medical support to Janardhan. The matter was posted to March 3.Meanwhile, legal experts said right to life is a fundamental right. As per Article 21 of the Constitution, \"No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty except according to procedure established by law\", pointed out an expert. Psychologists said the subject of euthanasia is very complex. \"There cannot be mercy and killing. Both don't go together,\" a psychologist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11785577", "title": "Civic polls: Interactive web maps to show voters polling room", "text": "PUNE: If you are struggling to find your polling booth, the new web-based 'dynamic polling maps' should come in handy. The maps, available on or , will not just direct voters to the polling stations, but will also show the room where they are supposed to cast their vote.The initiative is a part of the election management programme (EMP) of the election commission of India and has been introduced for the first time in the country for the upcoming civic elections in Maharashtra. It not only intends to make polling user-friendly but also aims to keep a watch on the voting system by making it more interactive for users. With the addition of voter list, the site should be ready for use before the election day i.e. February 16.\"Site users should get the most from it, so we have tried to reach up to last level of voting i.e. the polling room,\" said Aditee Vaidya, who has developed the mapping system.Vaidya said that information such as polling booths, voters' lists, returning officer, personal contacts, nearby hospitals and police stations will be available in the map. The system will be used for all the 10 municipal corporation elections, including Pune.\"The work of uploading polling locations has been done while the job of uploading voters' lists and bifurcated lists as per the polling room is underway. The complete maps will be available for voters on the polling day,\" Vaidya said.Nearly 26 lakh Puneites will cast their votes on February 16 for 76 panels i.e 152 wards.\"The site can be accessed from desktop PCs, laptops and mobiles,\" said Kartik Upasni, one of the co-developers of the site.The PMC has planned over 2,200 polling booths in the city. Most of these booths have been established in the government and semi-government organisations. A few societies have been selected where polling booths will be established.Dhananjay Khadilkar, another developer of the site, said that the polling maps have been superimposed on google maps to make them dynamic (interactive). \"Facilities such as way to the route, provided in google maps, will be available on the dynamic map. One needs to access the site and click on maps. The map will show the route from the 'current location' to the polling room.\"EOM/pk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "hambran road", "code": "11786908", "title": "A foundation in Shetesh's name", "text": "HAMBRAN ROAD: Monday was a sombre and emotional day for the Sharma family of Model Town Extension, as it was the birthday of their son, Shetesh Pal Sharma, whom they lost in an accident on December 14, 2011.Though he was not among them, the family celebrated his 23rd birthday with students of a vocational training centre for visually-challenged on Hambran Road and sought peace for their departed son's soul. Shetesh was killed in an accident in the UK, where he was studying MBA.The family has also decided to start a foundation for orphans in his memory.The family reached the vocational centre in the morning and spent some time with the kids there. Gagan Sharma, who manufactures heavy machinery, said the hurt of losing his son still raw. \"He was a very loving soul and was also loved dearly by us. Unfortunately, we lost him. Since it was his birthday on Monday we decided to celebrate it with these kids, hoping that they would bless my son's soul.\"Gagan further said the family has registered a Shetesh Pal Sharma Foundation in his memory that would take the responsibility of caring for orphan kids right from their childhood and provide them shelter and basic education till Class X.\"We will always keep Shetesh alive in our memories,\" Gagan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11785900", "title": "Bypass for MC Road on the anvil", "text": "KOTTAYAM: It seems that finally a solution to traffic snarls on MC Road has been arrived at. Revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan on Monday has said that a bypass for the MC Road is under active consideration of the government. \"We have directed the engineers to study the possibilities. The traffic woes on MC Road can be tackled if MC Road is connected through a bypass that can connect a place before Manipuzha to a place after Ettumanoor,\" he said.The project is likely to be implemented under the Kerala State Transport Project. The minister said that since the stretch from T B Junction to Central Junction falls under NH 220, the KSTP has to find an alternate way to connect MC Road without entering the town limits.He said the town will get a new road connecting Manipuzha to Baselios College Junction. \"We have held discussions on Monday. Once the Erayilkadavu bridge is constructed the distance from Manipuzha to the junction will come down to 2.5 km,\" he said.The minister held discussions with district collector Mini Antony, district police chief C Rajagopal, district panchayat president C Rajagopal, municipal chairman Sunny Kalloor and ADM T V Subhash on these proposals.From March 1, traffic will be restructured on an experiment basis. Long-term projects to revamp the traffic system in the town will be executed in a time bound manner. The meeting also decided to find out the number of goods carriers entering the town every day.Five points have been spotted for the survey which will be conducted for three days from 6am to 8pm. Renovation of signboards and cleaning of footpath was also decided in the meeting. Conversion of overhead electric lines to cables will also be done in K K Road.New initiatives-Survey to check the number of goods carriers entering town-Signboards to be renovated and footpaths spruced up-Overhead electric lines to go underground on K K Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11785885", "title": "Excise raids continue in state", "text": "PANAJI: Bicholim excise department officials seized liquor worth 2,100 on February 4. The liquor consisted of 10.5 bulk litres of Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) and 14 bulk litres of country liquor. It was all seized from a shop and a case of illegal possession and sale has been registered.Quepem excise department seized 17 bottles of IMFL from a grocery store in Ambaulim. A case of illegal sale has been registered. Till date, Quepem excise officials have seized liquor worth 43,145 informed said.Forty-three bulk litres of liquor worth 2,850 were seized from Sattari. Sources told TOI that four cartons of beer and nine bottles of IMFL were seized from Keri-Sattari on February 4.A case was booked in Tiswadi where three bulk litres of liquor worth 600 were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11787127", "title": "No obsession to be PM: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "VARANASI: Rahul Gandhi echoed the words of his sister Priyanka Gandhi on Monday saying he wasn't \"obsessed\" with becoming the prime minister, and that he is intent on \"transforming UP\" and won't leave until he meets the objectives he has set for the state.Wearing a stubble, Rahul took on the entire opposition - from BJP's LK Advani to BSP's Mayawati and even Baba Ramdev. \"All the political leaders in India have an obsession with prime ministership. This is not Rahul's obsession. I have another obsession,\" he said, adding that his obsession is UP.Continuing in his imperious-sounding third person vein, the Amethi MP said, \"Rahul Gandhi yahan se nahin hatega. Jab tak UP khada nahi hoga, Rahul Gandhi gaon mein, jhopadi mei khada milega (Rahul Gandhi won't leave the state until UP stands on its own feet. Until then, you will find Rahul Gandhi standing in villages and in shacks).\"Asked about corruption, Rahul said, \"When I mentioned a constitutional status for Lokpal in parliament, I saw L K Advani laugh.\" He said his idea was fundamental to the idea of India but the opposition rejected it because it was \"Rahul Gandhi's idea or Manmohanji's ideas\".In his nearly 40-minute press conference, the first since he began campaigning, Rahul said, \"Chunav mein result Congress ke liye solid ayega (Congress will get a solid result in polls).\" The people of UP, he said, are looking up to Congress because they believe that other parties have been fooling them for the past 22 years.The Gandhi scion also stressed that the Congress wouldn't go for post-poll alliance with any party if it failed to get the numbers. \"Once Congress stands (on its feet in the state), whatever happens in UP politics, Congress will defend it.\"Rahul fired away at Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav. \"I respect Mayawatiji, Mulayam Singhji and all other leaders. But, Mayawati has not gone to people to understand them.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 201 2Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore/chennai", "code": "11785647", "title": "Court dismisses Ravanan's bail petition", "text": "COIMBATORE/CHENNAI: The district judge court has dismissed the bail petition of Ravanan on Monday. The government pleaders have argued that the case is in the initial stage and police have planned to arrest two more persons in the case. Ravanan and his accomplices used a knife and other weapons against the complainant. The police want time to seize the weapons and feel that since he has political influence, he may tamper with the evidence. The Coimbatore crime branch police will take him under custody.Senior advocate B Mohan, who appeared for Ravanan, claimed that he was innocent and had been implicated in false cases. Since police had already got his statement, they don't need to have custody of him, he reasoned. Principal district judge N Authinathan however dismissed the bail petition.On January 27, Ravanan, a relative of Sasikalaa Natarajan, was arrested by Coimbatore crime branch police. He is being held under charges of wrongful confinement, extortion and kidnapping for ransom.Meanwhile, an Alandur magistrate's court in Chennai on Monday allowed central crime branch (CCB) sleuths to take M R P Ravanan, a relative of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's former aide Sasikalaa Natarajan, into custody for three days to question him in a cheating case. The Coimbatore rural police had arrested Ravanan in another case on January 28.Ravanan was brought to the court at 11am and the magistrate, Balasubramanian, postponed his verdict post-lunch. However, the case was dragged until 4pm and finally the magistrate gave his ruling.Earlier, Ravanan's counsel filed a petition against granting police custody. \"As police had questioned him earlier, there is no need to inquire him further. After the magistrate granted police to question him, I filed a petition requesting that one of his counsel be present with Ravanan during police inquiry. The magistrate dismissed the petition,\" counsel Ganesan said.The CCB had booked Ravanan (52) and his associates Sathya and Raja on charges of cheating, criminal intimidation and criminal breach of trust based on a complaint from R Krishnamurthy, managing director of Tirupur-based R K Imay Property Developers' Pvt Ltd.Krishnamurthy's complaint said he paid Ravanan Rs 1 crore for sand quarrying licences in the Tiruchi and Karur areas but that the latter failed to deliver and even threatened him with dire consequences when asked to return the money.Ravanan was expelled from the AIADMK as part of a state-wide exercise to cleanse it of people considered close to Sasikalaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11786549", "title": "Corp moves to tackle lifestyle diseases", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: City residents daunted by lifestyle diseases are in for special care from the corporation. 'Snehasparsham', a project formulated by the corporation to combat lifestyle diseases, will be officially launched in the first week of March.The Rs 20-lakh project will be implemented in all the 100 wards of the city.The rising incidence of diabetes, hypertension and cholesterol has spurred the corporation to come up with this initiative. \"Sprouting of fast-food corners and unhealthy lifestyle have lead to an increase in the cases of lifestyle diseases among people in the city. With this new initiative, the corporation is aiming at bringing down the rate at which such diseases spread,\" said corporation health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha.A special medical team will be constituted to implement the project. The team will have a dietician, pharmacist, doctor and a junior public health nurse. Detection camps will also be organized at primary health centres functioning at various wards, every month. Urban centres will be used for organizing camps in wards which do not have a primary health centre. \"At present the urban centres are used for conducting immunization programmes. The residents of a ward will be checked for diseases. If any lifestyle disease is detected, the patient will be referred to the health centre concerned in the respective wards,\" said health officer Dr Sreekumar.The patient will be supplied with medicines for a month.The medicines and treatment will be free of cost. The corporation is now recruiting qualified dieticians on a contract basis. After a month, the team will revisit the ward and monitor the progress of the patient. The project was envisaged in the budget of the last corporation council. \"The recruitment process is almost over. The medical team can be finalized by the end of this month. The project will officially begin in the first week of March,\" said Pushpalatha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-07"}
