{"city": "None", "code": "17646041", "title": "Bringing home to school", "text": "Is a school only about teachers and students? Not so at Presidency School. The Bilekahalli institution believes parents and the child's home play a vital role in school matters too. This explains programmes like Home School Connect and Home Room Period which open a window to the child's home. Here parents, teachers and students get to connect with each other and know one other better.Every week, one child is picked as Star of the Week in the connect programme. So Monday morning sees the child put up a chart in class with all his/- her details \u00e2\u20ac\u201d family members , hobbies , favourite dishes and so on. Photos and illustrations liven up the chart. Through the week the chart remains on the wall and all the classmates and teachers get to check it out. In other words, the child is made to feel like, well, a star.This is done from the KG classes to class V. \"Even a quiet child gets to be in the limelight for a whole week. This gives them encouragement,\" says Rajashree Chaudhari, a teacher. In the KG classes, the star child's parents can also come to class, interact and build a rapport with the child's classmates and teachers. Teachers get to know a lot about the child's background, likes and abilities. This ensures faster bonding , says teacher Roopa Arun. Teachers also try to link lessons with the chart, so the child feels special.The Home Room Period (HRP) is a 30-minute morning slot for non-academic activities. Here the teacher interacts with the students in a very informal way. Thought for the day, word a day, headlines and attendance apart, the teacher also follows up on assignments and why some child has not been able to complete it. Teachers solve problems between students, resolve fights and so on. It is a relaxed time when students may talk about what they did over the weekend or their vacations. \"This period establishes a comfort level with the class teacher. It works better in the higher classes where a concrete bonding with teachers takes place,\" says Roopa.Another window to the home is the online newsletter and website. Every event that is held, the interschool and intra school competitions, charity events, club activities, group events results, winners, photos are put up. Information about upcoming events, external exams, Olympiads and so on are put up. Says Rajashree, \"Parents love to see their child's name on the newsletter, even if it is in third place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648519", "title": "Jayam Ravi wraps up schedule", "text": "'Nimirndhu Nil' is the upcoming movie that stars Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul in the lead roles directed by Samuthirakani. The team which started a long and hectic schedule close to a month before have completed the schedule.Jayam Ravi tweeted today \"End of schedule for #nimirndhunil sorry haven't been in touch guys.. Hectic shoot.\" Actor Jayam Ravi is for the first time donning dual roles. He is donning the role of a 24 years old young man and the role of a 48 aged old man.Jayam Ravi had earlier mentioned that it would be a long and hectic schedule with the team and wouldn't be really busy with the shooting. ' Nimirndhu Nil ' is a romantic-action entertainer and showcases Jayam Ravi as a discipline young man, who changes his attitude towards society due to certain problems faced by him.Produced by Vasans Visual Ventures, the film is a Tamil - Telugu bilingual with music by GV Prakash. Nimirndhu Nil is being made simultaneously made in Telugu as well with Veppam fame Nani as the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644518", "title": "Mundkar not entitled to land beyond permissible area: HC", "text": "PANAJI: A mundkar, having a dwelling house, lost his claim before the high court of Bombay at Goa over another structure, where he used to run a flour mill, on land belonging to the same landlord.Dismissing the letters patent appeal by Nagesh Bodke, a division bench comprising justice A P Lavande and justice U V Bakre observed, \"Admittedly, the mundkarial residential house of the appellant is situated in the property bearing survey no. 55/0 in the village and the suit premises, connected with the business of the appellant, is situated at a distance of about 500 metres away from the residential house, in the property bearing survey no. 54/3.\"The court noted that the proper interpretation would be that all the structures referred to in Section 2 (i) of the Mundkar Act as forming part of the dwelling house have necessarily to be situated within the area of 300 sq m or 5 m around the house of the mundkar in case of panchayat area and within the area of 200 sq m or 2 m around the house in case falling outside such area.\"It is, therefore, clear that the appellant would not be in a position to purchase the land beneath the flour mill since the same is beyond the permitted area,\" the court held.Bodke's lawyer V A Lawande argued that the business premises was part of the dwelling house and hence Bodke was a mundkar here too. He pointed out that as per Section 2 (i) (ii) of the Mundkar Act, the dwelling house also includes the cattle shed, stable, pigsty, workshop or such other structure connected with the business or profession of the mundkar.In 1992 Vasudev Poi and another had sought Bodke's eviction from the flour mill. Bodke maintained that he was a mundkar at the flour mill premises. In 2005, the mamlatdar decided the case in favour of Bodke holding that he is a mundkar at the flour mill premises as it is a part of the dwelling house. The deputy collector and administrative tribunal held that Bodke is not mundkar of the business premises. Subsequently, Bodke appealed in the high court. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17648551", "title": "BJP to announce candidates' list", "text": "MANGALORE: The Bharatiya Janata Party will announce names of candidates to at least half of the 224 assembly constituencies by January 15, 2013 and the remaining names will be out in two other lists a month after that, said DV Sadananda Gowda, former chief minister. The party has embarked on an exercise to collect opinions and suggestions of party workers in all 30 districts across Karnataka and their feedback will reach the state unit of the party by December 30.Five teams of party seniors, one of them headed by DV Sadananda Gowda, is touring the state for this opinion gathering exercise. These teams as directed by the state unit will submit their findings to the leadership, Gowda told reporters here on Sunday. \"The district unit of BJP has gone a step ahead in this exercise by hold confabulations of all concerned at the assembly constituency level in addition to district and prominent workers,\" he added.Asserting that confusions in the BJP have ended on December 9 with the Haveri convention that saw his bete noire BS Yeddyurappa start the Karnataka Janata Party, Gowda said coming assembly elections will see straight fight between the BJP and the Congress. \"The JD(S) and KJP will be relegated to the fringes,\" he said, while acknowledging the distinct possibility of KJP causing damage to BJPs bid for re-election to office in the assembly polls.Congress that is waiting to cash in on BJPs internal bickering will have to first set its own house in order, Gowda said, accusing principal opposition of shying away from legislative debates on issues of crucial importance to the state in recently concluded session at Suvarna Vidhan Soudha. \"They have exhibited sense of abdication in not attending the debates or participating in the passage of 19 important bills adopted in the session,\" he said.On the issue of initiating action against party elected representatives who attended the Haveri convention, he said report has been sent to the central parliamentary board for their advise. \"Some of these representatives are in touch with us and have requested that disciplinary action against them be deferred for they participated in the event under pressure,\" he said, adding all these factors will be weighed before issuing show cause notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17647718", "title": "Punjab Agricultural University to hold its annual convocation.", "text": "LUDHIANA: To commemorate its Golden Jubilee Year, the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) will hold its Annual Convocation on December 17 in the Pal Auditorium.According to the information given by the university authorities, Professor Abhijit Sen, Member of Planning Commission, Government of India, will grace the occasion as the chief guest. During the annual convocation, 392 degrees and 15 gold medals will be awarded to the students. Besides, Certificates of Appreciation will be bestowed upon the former Vice-Chancellors of the PAU.In addition to this, seven members of the faculty of the PAU will be conferred with different awards. The students of the university are on a high as after the Union agriculture minister, President and Prime Minister now they will be able to get their degrees in the presence of the member of the planning commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644117", "title": "Low production puts paid to Orange fest", "text": "NAGPUR: Legislators from across the state participating in the winter legislative assembly session here are missing the city's winter as well as its famed oranges. The weather gods do not seem to be in their favour this year on both counts.The annual 'orange festival' organized by the Orange Growers Association with active support from the state agriculture department and the Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board had become a ritual from last 4-5 years during the winter session. The two departments have been promoting the festival to help orange growers get higher prices for produce and also bring quality fruits to consumers without the middlemen.However, this year's adverse weather conditions like untimely and heavy rains severely affected the 'Ambia-bahar' crop, which brings fruits from October to December end and reduced the orange production to just 20%. Though it did affect the farmer severely due to drastic reduction in overall produce, it did bring good prices due to less supply and more demand in the market.\"The overall ambia bahar production was just about 20% this year. But farmers with good quality fruits did get a good price of about Rs25-27,000 per ton and earned good profit. They sold the orchards to traders, mainly from Kerala, who paid a good price. Hence, we do not have enough fruits this year to hold a fair,\" said Manoj Jawanjal from Katol, an organic orange grower and secretary of the Nagpur Orange Producers Association.Jawanjal says that the orange festival's aim of bridging the gap between farmers and consumers and fetching a good price to farmers through the festival has already been achieved.However, a group of farmers are organizing a small grain fair (mainly rice) in front of the agronomy hall of College of Agriculture, opposite Nagpur University library, on December 17.However, people as well as legislators are missing the orange festival. The concept of selling oranges in corrugated boxes has worked well. It has completely replaced the practice of transporting the fruit in wooden boxes, plastic crates or simply dumping them in the rice husk has disappeared. This is a good sign for both producer and consumer as the former gets good price while the later gets good quality.The state government has in fact been promoting such orange fairs at other places too. In past few years such fairs at Pune, Mumbai and Bangalore have been extremely successful as government supported farmers by giving them free space for stalls and one-way freight for transportation of produce.Second story -Farmers demand state schemes to promote, protect orange farmsNagpur: Tired of the indifference of the state government towards Vidarbha, the orange growers associations from Vidarbha are demanding immediate implementation of various government horticulture schemes in western Maharashtra for farmers in this region too.They are angry over the apathy shown by the state government towards local farmers, but they are particularly hurt that despite having the winter legislative assembly session in the city the associations' voice is never heard.Vidarbha farmers have been getting false promises every year, they said. \"We cannot take it any longer. A pomegranate grower in western Maharashtra gets all kinds of subsidies as well as compensation of Rs50,000 per hectare for the 'telya' disease. In 2009, in the santra parishad at Warud, union agriculture minister promised to give 75% subsidy on drip irrigation and Rs50,000 per hectare compensation for disease. Three years later, we have not got a penny,\" said Ramesh Jichkar, director of Maharashtra Orange Growers Association (MOGA).Vidarbha has seen a big change in orange cultivation in the past decade or so. The area under orange has seen a steady decrease in Nagpur division, with a steady rise in area under the crop in Amravati division. This is reflected in the orange production in both these divisions.Ten years back, Nagpur division covering Nagpur, Wardha, Chandrapur, Gadchiroli, Gondia and Bhandara districts had 60,000 hectares under orange while Amravati division covering other five districts of Vidarbha- Amravati, Akola, Buldhana, Washim and Yavatmal - had 50,000 hectares. But, land under orange in Nagpur district in Narkhed decreased due to depletion in groundwater table. Later, Kolshi of white fly followed by severe attack of phytophthora fungus brought the areas under orange in Nagpur division to half at 30,000 hectare.Now, area in Amravati division has grown to 70,000 hectares, a rise of 20,000 hectares due to spread of the crop in areas like Paratwada, Chandur Bazar and some parts of Buldhana district, where the fruit was not grown until a decade ago.Nagpur Orange Producers Association secretary Manoj Jawanjal says, \"Looking at such drastic change in crop pattern, weather conditions, pest attacks and other natural calamities, there is a strong need for a new policy on orange. Otherwise too, there is no policy for orange growers whereas similar policies exist for other crops in western Maharashtra. Though state horticulture minister Vijay Kumar Gavit and agriculture minister Radhakrishan Vikhe Patil have been promising us many things, nothing has happened on the ground level,\" he said. The region needs implementation of the 'citrus estate' concept immediately to save the orange grower from further woes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17644978", "title": "CMIA organises seminar on service tax", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Chamber of Marathwada Industries and Agriculture (CMIA) organized an interactive seminar on service tax jointly with the office of the Commissioner Central Excise and Customs and Service Tax here on Saturday.The seminar was aimed at imparting basic knowledge in service tax especially in view of the recent changes which have taken place in the service tax law.CMIA is supported by the Marathwada Association of Small Scale Industries and Agriculture (MASSIA) and Aurangabad Zilla Vyapari Mahasagha (AJVM).CMIA representative Abhay Kolte presented the issues/suggestions related to service tax and the Aurangabad commissionerate answered queries raised by industriesThe seminar aimed at facilitating assessees and trade by creating awareness on the new provision of service tax. Central excise, customs and service tax commissioner Kumar Santosh said the commissionerate has implemented 'SEVOTTAM', a single window system based on the BIS standard, IS-15700:2005, to help all stakeholders. \"Basically, defined services will be provided in a time-bound manner. The commissionerate will take forward suggestions made by the industries to the central government,\" he said.Additional commissioner Dinesh Pangarkar explained the modalities of filing online service tax returns. He also explained the difficulties faced by the department while assessing returns and appealed to assessees to exercise caution while filing returns. He also explained the penal provisions of service tax and the rules. He appealed to the industries and trade fraternity to comply with the service tax provisions which have been made effective from July 8 this year.Additional commissioners S P Mishra, R V Prathamesh and Chunaram also interacted with the participants. Other officials of the Aurangabad commissionerate, central excise, customs and service tax were present for the seminar.CMIA president Sunil Raithatha, former president Mukund Kulkarni, vice-president Milind Kank, secretary Munish Sharma and executive committee member Saurabh Bhogale, representatives of Vinodrai Engineering, Yeshshree Group of Companies, Rucha Group of Companies, MAHYCO, Sab Miller, Grind Master, LUPIN, Sterlite, Wipro, Aurangabad Electrical, Marathwada Auto Compo, Atra Pharmaceuticals, Savera Pharmaceuticals, Ajanta Pharma, CIPET, Garware, Harman Phinochem and LAPL Automation were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "tokyo/minamisouma city (fukushima)", "code": "17645261", "title": "Abe\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s win in polls set to boost Japan-India ties", "text": "TOKYO/MINAMISOUMA CITY (FUKUSHIMA): When Japan's conservative Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP) chief Shinzo Abe's tenure as prime minister was cut short in 2007 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for health reasons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d India seemed to have been deprived of the main course after a scrumptious appetizer. As the lower house elections in the country would have it on Sunday, the time for that elusive main meal has come now.Known for his 'emotional connect' with India, Abe seemed set to be sworn in as the new PM with the LDP-led coalition winning an absolute majority in the House of Representatives.As PM in 2006, Abe had stunned many by predicting that Japan-India relations had the potential to overtake Japan-US and Japan-China ties . \"Abe had outlined a bold vision for Japan-India ties and his coming back should be a great opportunity for the ties to rapidly expand,\" strategic affairs expert C Raja Mohan told TOI here.During his a visit to India in 2011, Abe had told a gathering at the ICWA, \"India's success is in Japan's best interests and Japan's success is in the best interests of India.\"Abe's comeback couldn't have come at a better time for India. For one, he has taken a much more pragmatic view of Japan's nuclear policy in the face of the Fukushima accident than his predecessor Yoshihiko Noda who wanted to phase out nuclear power completely by 2030. Instead of shunning it altogether, he has asked to let reactors considered safe reopen. This has led to hope that talks with India could resume peaceful uses of nuclear energy.Abe won despite the popular sentiment against nuclear power. \"Our focus should have been on renewable energy but Abe is a short-sighted man,\" mayor of Minamisouma city, Katsunobu Sakurai, said. Minamisouma was one of the worst affected areas on the Pacific coast by the March 2011 earthquake-tsunami and its nuclear fallout.Abe's hawkish stand on China (he recently described Japan's position on Senkaku islands dispute as too reserved) is not going to harm India either at a time when the focus of the world has shifted to the Asia-Pacific in the face of Beijing's growing assertiveness in the region.It remains to be seen though how quickly Abe can move to implement some of the controversial issues on his agenda, like his intent to rebuild ties with the US by \"exercising the right to collective self defence\". He wants Japan to be able to militarily defend its allies who are attacked by tweaking the interpretation of Japan's constitution, if not the constitution itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17645584", "title": "TMC-Cong clash over road project", "text": "MALDA: Trinamool Congress and Congress supporters clashed in Old Malda on Sunday after some people prevented state ministers Gautam Deb and Sabitri Mitra from attending the stone laying ceremony of a road. Police had to lathicharge to control the situation.North Bengal development minister Goutam Deb and minister in charge of women welfare, Sabitri Mitra, were heading for Old Malda to lay the foundation stone of a 22-km road project between Popra and Gazole when Deb's car was stopped at Narayanpur.Protesters, allegedly Congress men, with black flags and posters wanted Deb to leave because the local Congress MLA wasn't invited to the event. While the way was cleared for Deb's convoy, they refused to let Mitra's car pass. Soon a tussle broke out between them and Trinamool supporters with Mitra.Local Congress MLA Bhupendranath Halder said, \"Central funds are being used for the project. The foundation stone laying event was announced last night. But I wasn't invited.\" He denied the agitators were Congress supporters.Deb said, \"The incident proves Congress doesn't want development.\"Minister shown black flag while Trinamool Congress and Congress supporters were involved in a clash at Old Malda. The venue of Minister's programme soon turned battlefield and police resorted to lathicharge to control the situation.Goutam Deb, Minister in Charge of North Bengal Development was to lay foundation of a 22 km road from Popra, Old Malda to Ranigunj, Gazole. Rs 2.87 crore was sanctioned for this road. Deb along with Minister in Charge of Women's Welfare Sabitri Mitra accordingly started from Malda to reach the spot around 1.30 pm. There was few meters distance between the convoys of two ministers. First, when the car of Deb reached Narayanpur, about 3 km from the venue, people stopped his convoy with slogans \"Goutam Deb go back.\" They protesters had black flags with them and introduced themselves as Congress supporters. However, the security men soon managed the situation and the convoy started off within minutes.But when Mitra reached the spot, the protesters were increased and her car was stranded. Some TMC workers who accompanied the Ministers came down and soon the squabble started. The situation went almost out of control when a huge force from English Bazaar as well as Old Malda Police Station reached the spot. They resorted to lathicharge and controlled the situation.The agitators claimed that this road was the result of local Congress MLA's tireless persuasion. But he was not invited in today's programme. Local Congress Panchayet Prodhan was also ignored. Local Congress MLA Bhupendranath Halder said, \"The construction work is being done from the fund of Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) of central govt. But the work was assigned to Uttarbanga Unnayan Parshad instead of Zilla Parishad. TMC is resorting to corruption over the tender process. Last night all on a sudden it was announced that today would be laying foundation programme. I was shocked to realize that I was not even invited.\" However, he denied of the Congress supporters' involvement in today's agitation. \"They were common people who protested spontaneously. Had there been a programme of Congress, gathering would have been much more.\"On the other hand Deb said, \"Today's incident proves that Congress never wants any developmental work in the state. I feel pity for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17644783", "title": "Asha wins Neerja Bhanot Award for empowering women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A lady with ironic spirit to fight for women's right, Asha Manwani, 55, was awarded with Neerja Bhanot Award and Rs 1.5 lakh by Gen V P Malik, former chief of Army staff, Indian Army at U T guesthouse on Sunday. Asha was awarded for her \"grit and determination in helping women after having faced hardships in her life\".\"I would like to use the award money for making shelter for women and children who has been left by their families. I wish I could keep them with me but I have a small house,\" said Asha.Hailing from Ajmer, Asha runs a small NGO, \"Lakshta Mahila Sansthan\" in city. Talking about his own story, she said, \"Since Day 1 of my marriage I was tortured by my ex-husband. But I did not let that stop me a?? instead I channelized all the harassment that I faced to empowered others like me.\"With complete lack of support from her family front, Asha decided to fight for herself alone. \"I went running from pillar to post for registering my case for maintenance from my husband, but he refused despite court orders. While I am fighting for my rights, my husband even tried to kill me and compel me to take the case back but I did not give in. I vowed to make him pay.\"Thanks to the repeated visits to the court for hearings, Asha has become conversant with legal procedures even though she studied till Class VI. Her daughter Kanta is also following her mother's footsteps. She said, \"I am proud of my mother. I refused to get married when my future in-laws demanded dowry.\"From 1988, Asha helped countless women in getting \"streedhan\". She has sometimes joined families out of court, helped women get a divorce and also helped women and children get shelter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644556", "title": "State frequently made to pay for cops' high-handedness", "text": "A south Mumbai resident is incarcerated overnight in a lock-up for enquiring with police about her complaints; a motorist is taken to police station for not producing his license; women are arrested after sunset in contravention of laid-down procedures; senior citizens are illegally detained for around 36 hours. Over the last one year, a number of cases exhibiting police high-handedness have come before the Bombay high court, earning the men in khaki raps on the knuckle and the state compensation bills for police excesses.Bhulabhai Desai Road resident Veena Sippy's only fault was that she often enquired with police about the status of her complaints against her neighbour, a television actor. In April 2008, cops charged her with breach of peace and use of abusive language under the Bombay Police Act and placed her in a lock-up for a night without informing her ailing mother at home. The offences were bailable, which meant police could have immediately released Veena on bail.To justify the arrest, police told the high court that Veena was abusive and habitually filed complaints. The court, however, chastised the police for flouting rules. \"The illegal detention of a woman in Azad Maidan police lock-up in this fashion shocks the conscience of this court. This is a case of not only gross breach of the directions issued by the Supreme Court, but (also) a gross and flagrant violation of the fundamental right of life and liberty,\" said a division bench headed by Justice Abhay Oka. In March 2012, he asked the state to pay Rs 2.75 lakh in legal costs to Veena.The verdict has remained the benchmark in illegal detention and wrongful arrest cases since then. Last week, the high court asked the state to pay damages of Rs 15,000 to Bhiwandi resident Kadar Solanki for illegally detaining him in police station for a few hours. Solanki's error was not producing his license at a nakabandi and seeking time from a police officer to travel home and get it. Earlier this week, the state was directed to pay Rs 10,000 to city businessman Rajinder Sethi, whose car was hauled away to police station from his locked premises without an FIR.In two other cases recently, the division bench of Justice Oka and Justice Sambhaji Shinde indicated that the state will have to provide compensation. One of these pertained to an elderly Aurangabad couple's \"illegal\" custody for 36 hours by Navghar police. The second related to the arrest of a Matunga woman after sunset in violation of proper procedures.In an instance, when the state cited difficulty in recovering the compensation amount from the concerned police officer since he had retired, the court retorted: \"The state cannot deny responsibility (for police action). It allows such police officers to continue till superannuation, then it has to bear the consequences.\"Noted criminal lawyer Niteen Pradhan argued in the elderly couple's case that it boiled down to police not following proper procedures. \"If the police had followed proper norms as laid down in the Criminal Procedure Code and by the Supreme Court, the couple could have applied for bail and would have been released,\" said Pradhan. \"Instead, they were in illegal custody, which is a violation of the fundamental right to life and liberty guaranteed under the Constitution.\"Times ViewRecent cases could be the iceberg's tipCops and the state government have come in for some harsh words - and penalties - in the recent past for a rash of cases of police excess. But that does not seem to have changed things. Probably not too many cases reach the judiciary and get redress, which emboldens cops from going on with their ways and scares people from complaining against these excesses. The system, in many ways, still seems rooted in the colonial era and nowhere is it more evident than in the working of the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17642570", "title": "Big step towards financial stability, say hockey stars", "text": "BANGALORE: Ace drag-flicker VR Raghunath and mercurial striker SV Sunil have reasons to cheer.The Karnataka duo is delighted after having bagged lucrative deals at the Hockey India League auctions in New Delhi on Sunday.Raghunath, who beefed-up the Indian defensive wall at the Champions Trophy in Melbourne recently after the axing of his fellow drag-flicker Sandeep Singh, was bought by Sahara Uttar Pradesh Wizards for a whopping $76,000 (Rs 41.40 lakh) after a intense bidding war.\"It is unbelievable, said Raghunath \"I never expected that I will end up getting so much. I was only expecting $50,000. It's a great thing ever to happen in Indian hockey. It will be a fantastic experience to play as there will be legendary players from around the world... There will be 85 Olympians and 10 international captains coming here to play,\" he added.With more than 102 international caps, Raghunath believes that the emergence of the league is set to boost the players' financial stability. \"With this our hockey players will be financially stable. It's a good initiative by the Hockey India. It will revive Indian hockey,\" said Raghu who played in the German league in 2007.Stylish striker Sunil got a handsome $42,000 (Rs 22.86 lakh) from Delhi after a bidding war with Punjab. \"I am delighted that I have been able to command a good price,\" Sunil said. \"I hope this new league will benefit Indian hockey and its players,\" he added.Meanwhile London Olympian SK Uthappa was bought by Uttar Pradesh Wizards for $25,000 while Nithin Thimmaiah, who showed promise during the Champions Trophy, was sold to the same franchise for $27,500.\"I am happy. I got much more than I expected,\" said Thimmaiah. \"I got a chance to play in Australia and I proved my worth. Now that I have got another chance and I will definitely prove myself again,\" Thimmaiah added.Uthappa said the tournament would serve as a learning curve for the youngsters. \"Playing alongside the legends with great coaches and support staff with you can only help us improve our skills,\" the striker said.Meanwhile uncapped Indian midfielder MB Aiyappa went to Mumbai for $21,000 (Rs 11.43 lakh). Another Karnataka player, Ignace Tirkey, fetched a whopping $31,000 (Rs 16.87 lakh) from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649615", "title": "Amala Paul's film enters Oscar race", "text": "Amala Paul starrer 'Colour of Sky' (Akasathinte Niram), written and directed by Bijukumar Damodaran, has been selected in the top 282 films in the Oscar list in the best picture category. The film, which stars Indrajith and Amala Paul, also has Prithiviraj and veteran actor Nedumudi Venu essaying important roles.This is the first Malayalam film to receive such an honour. ' Colour of Sky ', a film about the relationship of man, nature and life, was screened at California, Laemmle Theatre at Fallbrook on November 2-8 as part of its Oscar qualifying run.Besides this, the movie was selected to the 8th Eurasia International Film Festival, 48th Chicago International Film Festival USA, South Asian Film Festival, Vancouver, 43rd International Film Festival India, Kolkata International Film Festival and 17th International Film Festival, Kerala.This is also the very first Malayalam film to compete for Golden Goblet award at the 15th Shanghai international film festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17644044", "title": "No frivolous, personal-in-nature RTI queries: Central information commission", "text": "LUCKNOW: In response to a query under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, the the Central Information Commission (CIC), New Delhi, denied it had any 'frivolous or personal-in-nature' applications available in the records. This is against statement of chief information commissioner (CIC) Satyanand Mishra at a seminar on RTI, organized in the city recently, in which he said, people had not understood the basics of the RTI Act, and that many applications received by the central information commission (CIC) were personal in nature, adding that information should be sought in public interest. In response, RTI activist Urvashi Sharma moved the commission which denied receiving queries frivolous or personal in nature.The applicant had sought information about all applications available in CIC, at any other office affiliated to it by way of complaints, appeals, RTI applications or by any other source, that were personal in nature. The information was also sought about the \"frivolous RTIs that were filed to hog the limelight\".In response to the query, the CIC denied that it ever got any such application. The chief public information officer (CPIO) of CIC Pankaj KP Shreyaskar said \"no such information in this regard is available with the commission.\" It contradicts the claims made time and again that 70% of the information filed under RTI seek personal information. The RTI activists expressed concern over such projections as they discourage RTI-users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai/kolkata", "code": "17643283", "title": "Despite Singur, Tata still eyes Bengal", "text": "MUMBAI/KOLKATA: The outgoing Tata Group chairman, Ratan Tata, has indicated that Singur may not be a closed chapter for the biggest Indian multinational group. Singur was a \"great disappointment\" but Tata group may still go to West Bengal, hints Tata, while talking to mediapersons in Mumbai.\"Need not be Tata Motors. We have time until the court decides this, the plant is still there. Whether it is Tata Motors or something else,\" he said in an interview. He was asked about his recent statement that some day Tatas will go back to West Bengal considering the fact that Tata Motors had to shift to Gujarat after a bitter experience in Singur. Ratan Tata had not ruled out the possibility of an automobile plant in Bengal in future during his last visit to Kolkata in September. \"Who knows may be some day we will have a Tata Motors factory somewhere in Bengal and hopefully we will be welcomed,\" he had said after the annual general meeting of Tata Global Beverages in the city earlier in September.Reacting to the comment of Ratan Tata, state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said the matter is subjudice but the state government has always wanted industry in Singur. \"We have said several times that there should be an industry in 600 acres and the remaining 400 acres should be returned back to the farmers. This was the stand of Mamata Banerjee during the Singur movement as well,\" he added.Speaking about Singur, where Tata Motors had set up a factory to manufacture the world's cheapest car but had to quit in the wake of protests over land acquisition a few years ago, Tata said, \"It was a great disappointment, because we went to West Bengal, in a leap of faith thinking that that part of the country was being ignored industrially. I had regards for Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee (the then chief minister). I thought the plant we had could have created eventually 7,000-8,000 jobs.\"Tata said when the protests took place at Singur he was a little confused and confounded initially, whether it was a real problem or not. It just escalated and escalated and he figured this was not the place where they could be.\"So it was a great disappointment for me on all those grounds and I think Buddhadeb would have liked me to have stayed there and offered the plant protection. But you can't run a plant on police protection. There has to be a police protection. There has to be a removal of the hostilities one way or another. So it was a disappointment for me,\" he said.Tata, who will step down as chairman of the group on December 28, said he had a great affinity with eastern India because it has not partaken in the growth and prosperity of the rest of the country. \"If there is something that I could do to be involved with in eastern India, I would welcome that. You see, I lived in Jamshedpur for six years, very close to Kolkata and I used to be in Kolkata of and on. Bengali people are very nice people. So I have an affinity, don't speak the language, that part of the country and to see something happen there would be quite a thrill for me,\" he said.Building the cancer hospital in Kolkata, in itself, Tata said has been a thrill for him because lives can be saved in that part of the country. \"It is something that I feel very proud that I have been able to do,\" he said.Tata-talkOn Buddhadeb's role: \"I had regards for Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee (the then CM). .... I think Buddhadeb would have liked me to have stayed there and offered the plant protection. But you can't run a plant on police protection. There has to be a police protection. There has to be a removal of the hostilities one way or another.\"On his action: \"When the protests took place at Singur, I was a little confused and confounded initially, whether it was a real problem or not. It just escalated and escalated and I figured this was not the place where they could be.On reasons for disappointment: \"Because we went to West Bengal, in a leap of faith thinking that that part of the country was being ignored industrially. I thought the plant we had could have created eventually 7,000-8,000 jobs\"On Singur's future: \"Need not be Tata Motors. We have time until the court decides this, the plant is still there. Whether it is Tata Motors or something else.\"On eastern India: \"If there is something that I could do to be involved with in eastern India, I would welcome that.\"On his Bengal affinity: \"I lived in Jamshedpur for six years, very close to Kolkata and I used to be in Kolkata of and on. Bengali people are very nice people. So I have an affinity... don't speak the language.... that part of the country and to see something happen there would be quite a thrill for me\"On setting up cancer hospital in Kolkata: \"Building the cancer hospital in Kolkata, in itself, has been a thrill for me because lives can be saved in that part of the country. It is something that I feel very proud that I have been able to do.\"Bengal govt reacts :\"The matter is subjudice but the state govt has always wanted industry in Singur. We have said several times that there should be an industry in 600 acres and the remaining 400 acres should be returned back to the farmers. This was the stand of Mamata Banerjee during the Singur movement as well.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Partha Chatterjee, commerce and industries minister, West Bengal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644259", "title": "93 tola gold recovered from interstate robbers", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch sleuths have made the biggest recovery of the year by seizing around 93 tola gold from an interstate burglars gang last week. Three persons have been arrested, including a notorious burglar from Rajnandgaon in Chhattisgarh, for their involvement in cases of house breaking in the city and outside.The crime branch recovered 57 tola gold from a financial institution, from where the robbers had taken a loan against the stolen jewellery. Rest of the gold was recovered from the houses of the robbers and various other hiding places.The cops hit luck during the investigation of a burglary at Jaripatka at the residence of Rajkumar Motwani in February 2012. The gang there had an intriguing modus operandi. They would use a gas-cutter to make a hole on the door or shutters for the burglars to sneak into the premises.The burglars had taken every possible precaution not to get caught, including not trying to dispose off the gold immediately. They had immediately given away some gold to their Bhilai-based accomplices. Later, in July, the gang approached the financial institution for a gold loan instead of trying to sell off the jewellery. The gang got Rs14.50 lakh from the gold loan.The first break for the crime branch about the gang came at Motwani's place. Following a tip-off, crime branch had nabbed Motwani's servant Sunil Kumre. Motwani is a merchant at Kalamna market. During interrogation, Kumre admitted to having provided information to his accomplice and accused in the case Narsingh Verma, whom he had befriended while working at Kalamna market.Verma was holed up in the city to avoid Rajnandgaon cops. He contacted his aides in Chhattisgarh and one of the accomplices sent gas-cutters and other equipments before the gang swooped down on Motwani's place. Police said two gang members fled to Chhattisgarh after the theft and are yet to be nabbed.After netting Kumre and Verma, police also rounded up the landlord of the Chhattisgarh-based criminal. Rajendra Bawne, Verma's landlord, had helped the gang mortgage the gold. The police have also seized a camera and two bikes used by the burglars.Senior police inspector Madhao Giri of crime branch said the gang has also confessed to a foiled attempt at a bank at Kalmeshwar. The gang has also been quizzed about a theft at Rana Pratap Nagar, where a jewellery shop was looted by burglars through a hole made in the shutter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17644054", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation to offer shelter homes,150 bonfire points this winter", "text": "LUCKNOW: Homeless people in the city who used to stay in temporary camps until last winters can now hope to spend the nights in a much better accommodation with the LMC offering nearly 23 shelter homes this year. Last year, only a couple of them were operational, but now all of these shelters are ready to accommodate nearly 1,900 homeless people.Zone-1 comprising areas like Hazratganj, Lalbagh, Aminabad and Kaiserbagh would have seven shelter homes, zone- 2 covering Aishbagh, Raja Bazaar, Rajajipuram would have five homes, zone- 3 including Aliganj and Mahanagar areas would have three shelter homes and zone- 4 with Indiranagar and Gomtinagar areas would have five shelter homes. Similarly, zone- 5, which covers Kanpur Road, Tedhi Pulia etc would have two homes, while zone- 6 comprising Thakurganj, Chowk and Hardoi Road would have one shelter home.These homes would be provided with drinking water facility, washrooms, kitchens and blankets for the people. Also, there would be 2-3 attendants in each of these shelters. An LMC official said, \"We are making every possible arrangement so that people feel comfortable in these shelter homes. We are providing contact number of our health officer, and he can be called at any time during medical emergencies.\" As per a survey done by LMC about 10 months ago, there were roughly 5,000 homeless people living in the city. These included rickshaw pullers, labourers from nearby villages, masons, workers etc.These homes have been opened about three days back and would accommodate homeless people round the year. LMC has spend close to Rs 3.30 crore on these shelter homes out of which approximately Rs 2.20 crore has been granted by the Centre, while the rest has been arranged by LMC through its revenues. The agency has deployed more than 50 staff for attending these homes. Normally these homes are located near bus stations, railway stations, hospitals, auto stands and police pickets etc.The civic body is also planning to provide bonfires at pre-decided 125 points in all the six zones. An official confirmed that they will start putting logs in the next 2-3 days at all these points. \"Normally we increase 15-20 points every year. We put about 50 kg wood at every bonfire daily,\" added the official. The agency has spent close to Rs six lakh in the first round of providing wood at these points. Last year, it had spent about Rs 30 lakh on arranging bonfires in the city. This year the amount may increase by Rs 3-5 lakh, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644450", "title": "Health dept to screen girls' food habits", "text": "KOCHI: The Nutritional Research Centre (NRC) under Directorate of Health Service (DHS) has decided to launch a one-year programme to screen the food habits of girl students from 30 schools in Palakkad and Wayanad districts and provide advice to correct the faults in food habits. The programme was designed in the wake of study reports that 27% of girls studying in the higher secondary schools in the state are anaemic.As per the programme, girls studying in classes six to eight in the selected schools will be given proper advice to correct their food habits. \"We will screen all the girl students in these schools and provide them with tips for correcting food habits. Teachers and parents also will be given instructions to ensure that these students follow the correct habits,\" said an official associated with the project said. \"We will evaluate the progress once in three months,\" said the official.Last year, NRC had conducted a survey among 750 girl students in 140 schools in 14 districts in the state. \"As per the survey, 27 % of girl students suffer from anaemia,\" an official with NRC said. \"We could find that poverty is not at all a reason for this condition. Most girls skip the breakfast due to various reasons ranging from 'dieting' to lack of time due to busy study schedules,\" she said. \"Adolescence is the apt time to change their food habits,\" she added.In another survey conducted by NRC during 2011-12 among 2,040 girl students in five colleges in Thiruvananthapuram, it was found that 34% of the girls there suffer from anaemia and malnutrition. It was the agencies which were engaged in organizing blood donation camps in drew the attention of NRC officials to the issue. When they conducted blood donation camps in colleges, they found that many of thegirls were ineligible to donate blood as they were underweight.That was reason for conducting the survey which revealed that only up to 20% of the students meet the recommended dietary allowance (RDA).##Kochi: Here is a nourishment dose for girl students from the health department in the state. The Nutritional Research Centre (NRC) under Directorate of Health Service (DHS) has decided to start a year-long programme to screen the food habits of girl students from 30 schools in Palakkad and Wayanad districts and provide advice to correct the faults in food habits. The programme was designed in the wake of study reports that 27% of girls studying in the higher secondary schools are anaemic.As per the year-long programme, these girls studying in 6 to 8 standards will be given proper advice to correct their food habits. \"We will screen all the girl students in these schools and would provide tips for correcting food habits. Moreover, teachers and parents also will be given proper instructions to ensure that these students correct the faults in the food habits,\" sources associated with the project said. \"After constant monitoring, we will evaluate the progress they made once in three months,\" she said. The details including health history and body mass at the time of birth also will be used for the project.Last year, NRC had conducted survey among 750 girl students in 140 schools in 14 districts in the state. \"As per the survey, 27 per cent of girl students suffer from anaemia,\" an official with NRC said. \"We could find that poverty is not at all a reason for this condition. Most girls skip the breakfast due to various reasons ranging from 'dieting' for turning beauty to busy schedules for homework,\" she said. \"Adolescence is the apt time to change their food habits,\" she said.In another survey conducted by NRC during 2011-12 among 2,040 girl students in five colleges in Thiruvananthapuram, it was found that 34 per cent of the girls there suffer from anaemia and malnutrition. It was the agencies which were engaged in blood donation that drew the attention NRC officials to the issue. When they conducted blood donation camps in colleges, they found many of the girls are ineligible to donate blood as they are underweight. That was the trigger for starting surveys. Survey also revealed that only up to 20 per cent of the students meet the recommended dietary allowance (RDA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17645133", "title": "Forensic dept faces staff crunch", "text": "HYDERABAD: Staff shortage and poor budgeting are proving to be stumbling blocks for the Andhra Pradesh Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL) in dealing with numerous cases eventually leading to backlogs and delay in solving crime, officials said.The APFSL was established in 1974 by merging the scientific units of the CID of the police department and chemical examiner section of the medical and health department. It is the first and only laboratory in India to establish advanced technology-centric sections like DNA, computer forensics, biomedical and forensic engineering. But years of neglect and lack of new equipment has posed a huge hindrance for the APFSL, officials said. \"We are one of the premier institutions in the country which helps the police, judiciary, CBI and many other government bodies in solving cases for more than three decades. But shortage of staff has become a major problem and the meagre budget allocated to us is another big hindrance,\" said Sharada Avadhanam, deputy director of the forensic science laboratory of the AP Police Academy.Elaborating on the need for funding to modernise APFSL so that it can cope with the growing number of cases each year, Avadhanam, who will take over as the director of the laboratory in September next year, said that the institution badly needs more brains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17642866", "title": "Authority calls tenders for 4 more foot-overbridges", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has floated tenders for four more foot-overbridges (FOB) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d between Sector 14 and 15 on Udyog Marg, connecting the green belt with Sector 15A, between Sector 62 and 63 near Fortis Hospital, and on Master Plan road-II near DPS. Ten spots had been proposed for FOB construction. The Noida Authority had identified these over a year ago as they recorded massive footfall.The Authority officials said work will begin on the projects on priority. Officials indicated that in case work is delayed on the bridges, the consultant company will have to pay a heavy penalty. The work is expected to finish in six months.The FOB between Sector 14 and 15 is estimated to cost 109.35 lakh, and the one at 15A Rs 119.54 lakh. According to sources in the Noida Authority, the two FOBs will not have escalators. The FOB near DPS is estimated to cost Rs 157.51 lakh, while the one between Sectors 62 and 63 is pegged at Rs 166.28 lakh.In June last year, the Authority had drawn up a list of 10 spots that face major traffic congestion. The Authority will soon commission the construction of FOBs at the remaining spots, including Khoda T-point, the intersection between Botanical Garden Metro station gate and Sector 29, at Sector 82 near the DSC turning, Phase-II near the collectorate and the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.Meanwhile, work is under way for construction of an FOB at the intersection between Sector 15A (gate number 1) and the Dalit park on the opposite side.The city has only one operational foot-overbridge in Sector 18. \"The problem with the Sector 18 FOB has to do more with the pedestrians than the construction of the FOB. A number of people can be seen sprinting across the busy road between Sector 18 and GIP as it takes less effort,\" said a senior official. Authority officials said they would work in close coordination with the traffic police to promote the habit of crossing roads through FOBs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644694", "title": "College girl dies, 6 others injured as car hits median on ECR, overturns", "text": "CHENNAI: A 20-year-old college girl died and six of her friends, all students of MOP Vaishnav College, were severely injured when their car hit a median and turned turtle on East Coast Road early on Sunday.The accident took place when they were taking a drive after a Saturday night party. An investigating officer said the driver lost control of the vehicle while negotiating a curve.\"Ridhi Ladhani, 20, was driving the car when it hit the road divider near Vettuvankeni,\" the officer said. Aakriti Dhingra, who was sitting in the front seat next to Ladhani, died on the spot when the vehicle slammed into the median at high speed and overturned. The car was completely wrecked.Dhingra, a resident of Village Road, Nungambakkam, and her friends had gone to Ladhani's house on ECR for a weekend party, the officer said. \"After spending some time in Ladhani's residence, the girls, all third-year BSc (electronic media) students, decided to go for a drive,\" he said.The vehicle was moving too fast for Ladhani to safely manoeuvre past the bend, the officer said. The car, a hatchback, collided with the median and rolled over twice, careening wildly across the road before coming to a halt on its roof.Dhingra suffered grievous injuries and was declared dead when a 108 ambulance arrived at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17643864", "title": "Police bust inter-district gang in Faizabad, 3 held", "text": "FAIZABAD: The police on Sunday busted a gang of an inter-district criminals involved in more than dozen incidents of robbery and loot. Since a fortnight certain daring incidents of robbery and loot took place at various spots of Faizabad district, these incidents include looting of jewellers and other businessmen.The special team of Faizabad police under SP (city) Subhash Singh Baghel was successful in nabbing the three main members of the gang while they were going hit their new target in Ayodhya.Among those arrested include Phul Chand Yadav, Pramod Varma and Hanuman Maurya, the police claimed them as the main members of the gang while rest of the members are yet to be arrested. Cops have recovered jewellery items, mobile phones and cash, which were being looted in different incidents of robbery by this gang.Talking to TOI, Subhash Singh Baghel said that the special team of police is working round the clock to arrest each and every member of this gang, which has created a terror in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645576", "title": "Govt apathetic to tram track woes", "text": "KOLKATA: Three years of wait for a mere 3km stretch of tram tracks to be concretised. Yet, there is no hope for commuters or motorists who use Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road.Leave aside concretisation, Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC) does not have the money to even relay the tracks with cobbled stones. The only solution, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) lays the major thoroughfare with bitumen.\"Two months ago, we sent a proposal to the state government that funds for concretization of the 3km stretch from the Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road-Lenin Sarani intersection to the Elliot Road-AJC Bose Road crossing be released. But we are yet to get a reply,\" said a CTC official.This is not the first time, however, that the CTC has sent such a proposal to the state government. It was first sent three years ago to the Hooghly River Bridge Commissioners, which had sanctioned funds to the CTC for the concretisation of tram tracks in 2007. According to a CTC official, 45km of the of city's 57km tram tracks have already been concretised.\"The work started in 2007 and in two years, we completed work on 45km of the tracks. This 3km stretch was not part of the initial plan. But since 2009, we have been submitting proposals to the state government so that this stretch can be concretised. But all requests have fallen on deaf ears,\" the CTCofficial said.Under pressure from local residents, the CTC had made some basic repairs of the stretch from the Lenin Sarani to the SN Banerjee Road crossings before the Pujas. \"We spent Rs 70 lakh for this repair,\" said a CTC official. But concretisation of the entire 3km stretch will cost Rs 18 crore, which has no sanction in the CTC's budget.So, commuters who use the 3km stretch have no option but to suffer the bone-rattling ride. Not only is the short journey on tram routes 22 and 25 painful for commuters, tram drivers sometimes refuse to be assigned on this route for fear of derailments. With scores of yawning gaps between the rails, at least 15 derailments take place every month, said Mohammed Afzal, a tram driver on Route 25 between Gariahat and BBD Bag. And, if the track is not concretised immediately, the situation will go from bad to worse, admitted a CTC official.But the civic body and the state transport department do not appear too bothered. Soumitra Bhattacharya, the officer on special duty overseeing the KMC roads department, said the civic body had repaired the roads along the tram tracks from time to time. \"We will take up the repairs if funds are allotted,\" a KMC roads department official said.However, a CTC official maintained that mere repairing of the tracks would not solve the problem. \"It will be a sheer waste of public money. What we need is immediate concretisation of the tracks,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649056", "title": "Salman injures himself at an award show", "text": "Salman injures himself at an award show Much like his celebrity dance partner from Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, Isha Sharwani, choreographer-turned-actor Salman Yusuff Khan is prone to mishaps.He recently fell down from the parapet at an award show and was rushed to the Kokilaben Hospital. He was at the show to promote his debut film. Even during Jhalak... , Salman had fractured his arm. Says a source, \"Salman is a brave guy. At the hospital, he was taken for an X-ray and CT scan. Luckily, he didn't have any internal injuries, but has sustained multiple bruises.\" We wish him speedy recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "the bangalore water supply board has launched an ambitious plan to reduce water leakage from the prevailing 37% to 16%, reports aparajita ray. for citizens, the benefits go much beyond statistics", "code": "17646008", "title": "BWSSB set to plug water leakage by half", "text": "The Bangalore water supply board has launched an ambitious plan to reduce water leakage from the prevailing 37% to 16%, reports Aparajita Ray. For citizens, the benefits go much beyond statistics: the plan will improve water quality , promise supply to new areas and also lead to regularization of illegal connections, boosting the board's finances. BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta says: \"This project will help us regularize all unauthorized connections, understand the consumption pattern and estimate the losses which have to be capped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17642718", "title": "Yasin Merchant makes round four", "text": "MUMBAI: Yasin Merchant of Khar Gymkhana playing to a scratch handicap showed his class by notched up another fluent win over Aness Jumani (+45) of Radio Club by a 2-0 margin in the third round of the PJ Hindu Gymkhana Wilson Jones All-India Open Handicap Snooker Tournament, at the gymkhana's billiards hall.The former two-time Asian snooker champion, Yasin touched top form and cruised to a comfortable 111-41, 82-49 victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643155", "title": "Cave-in hurts woman, son", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old woman and her two-year-old son were critically injured after the fifth floor terrace of their building collapsed on Sunday afternoon and they took a fall to the ground.The incident was reported from Shastri Park area of northeast Delhi about 2pm.Shehnaz and her son Faiz were rushed the hospital by neighbors. A case has been registered against the absconding contractor at New Usmanpur police station regarding the allegedly illegal nature of the construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17642489", "title": "IPL-style auction brings big bucks to hockey", "text": "NEW DELHI: The yet-to-start Hockey India League became the sport's most lucrative tournament in the world on Sunday, when its five franchise owners liberally opened their purses at an IPL-style auction, the first ever in hockey, in which players were sold for amounts unheard of in the sport.Indian captain Sardar Singh was the most sought after player and went to the Delhi Waveriders for Rs 42.5 lakh, a big jump from his base price of about Rs 15 lakh.The biggest surprise of the day was drag-flicker V R Raghunath's winning bid of Rs 41.4 lakh by Sahara UP Warriors, way up from his base price of Rs 7.6 lakh.The inaugural HIL will run from January 16 to February 10 next year. Never before has such money being offered in this sport for a mere four-week stint.Even the most lucrative European leagues only offer about $25-30,000 (Rs 13-16 lakh) for a six-seven month stint. In HIL, players will probably take home about twice that amount in less than a month.There were plenty of similarities between HIL and Indian Premier League player auctions.There were the familiar 'marquee' players on offer and there was a salary cap - Rs 3.5 crore - imposed on owners. Indian hockey stars were most demand with teams needing 14 domestic players compared to 10 foreign players in each side.Dutch stalwart Teun De Nooijer became the league's most expensive player, taking home Rs 47.61 lakh. Initially, UP had bought De Nooijer for Rs 35.96 lakh but as he is a marquee player, he is supposed to receive 15% more than the highest-drawing player in the team, in this case Raghunath.\"I am really excited to be here for the auction. I didn't know what to expect as this is the first time that hockey players are being auctioned.The league itself will be very good for young Indian hockey players and hope it's the turning point for the sport,\" De Nooijer, one of three HIL brand ambassadors, told TOI.The other two brand ambassadors, Sardar and Jamie Dwyer of Australia, were also top draws. Dwyer was bagged by Jaypee Punjab Warriors for Rs 32.69 lakh but will take home Rs 42.6 lakh because of his marquee player status.\"It feels good to be appreciated for your performances. I was a little late in arriving so couldn't keep track of the proceedings but was delighted by my eventual price.I am sure the other boys in the team are keeping a close eye on the proceedings at the auction,\" Sardar said.Top drag-flicker Sandeep Singh, though, was sold only at his base price of Rs 15.15 lakh, probably suffering due to the luck of the draw as he was the last of the marquee players available. By the time Sandeep's name came up, Mumbai Magicians were the only team without a marquee player and they picked him at the base price.The biggest surprise of the day was Indian goalkeeper and captain of the 2012 Olympic team, Bharat Chettri, initially going unsold in spite of his base price of just Rs 10.10 lakhs.He was finally picked up for Rs 10.35 lakh by Punjab Warriors from the reserve list. Compatriot P R Sreejesh went to Mumbai Magicians for Rs 20.7 lakh.\"It is of course disappointing that Bharat (Chettri) initially went unsold in the auction. He is our ex-captain and I can't comment on what the teams were thinking when they decided not to pick him,\" Sandeep said.Among the other top buys, German midfielder Moritz Fuertse went to Ranchi Rhinos for Rs 41.14 lakh. The Ranchi team also snapped up England's Ashley Jackson for Rs 39.77 lakh.Some of the other top Indian players on the day were forward Danish Mujtaba who was sold to Delhi Waveriders for Rs 34.32 lakh, Gurvinder Singh Chandi (Delhi, Rs 27.24 lakh), S V Sunil (Punjab, Rs 22.88 lakh) and Gurbaz Singh (Ranchi, Rs 19.6 lakh).Big Gainers VR Raghunath Rs 41.4 lakhs (BP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 7.57 lakh) Manpreet Singh Rs 33.2 lakhs (BP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 5.03 lakh)The Disappointments Bharat Chettri Rs 10.34 lakhs (BP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 10.09 lakh) Sandeep Singh Rs 15.13 lakhs (BP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 15.13 lakh)Bargain Buys Taeke Taekema Rs 13.6 lakhs (BP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 13.6 lakh) Luke Doerner Rs 11.97 lakhs (BP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 10.88 lakh)Teams: Delhi Waveriders, Jaypee Punjab Warriors, Mumbai Magicians, Ranchi Rhinos and Uttar Pradesh Wizards Salary cap: Rs 3.5 crores per team Total players in each team: 24 (Indian 14, Foreign 10) Tournament duration: January 16 to February 10, 2013 Player contract duration: Three yearsFinal squadsDelhi Waveriders: Sardar Singh (Marquee player), Yuvraj Valmiki, Oskar Deecke, Gurvinder Chandi, Lloyd Norris Jones, Matt Ghodes, Danish Mujtaba, Akashdeep Singh, Md Rizwan Sr., Simon Child, Talwinder Singh, Imran Khan, Gurbaj Singh, Bipin Kirketta, Md Rizwan Jr., Andrea Mir Bel, Rupinder Pal Singh, Rahul Shilpkar, Surender Kumar, Taeke Taekema, Hans Raj, Vikramjit Singh, Nicolas Jacobi, Primin Blaak Total spending: Rs 3.28 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17647736", "title": "Rajya Sabha adjourned as SP creates uproar demanding reservation for Muslims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party on Monday forced adjournment of Rajya Sabha for half an hour demanding reservation for Muslims in education and government jobs.When the House met for the day, Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) said he has given a notice for suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue.The conditions of Muslims, he said, was worse than dalits and so there should a constitutional amendment to provide for reservation to Muslims.As SP members rushed into the well of the House, Chairman Hamid Ansari said, \"Please raise in Zero Hour.\"Standing near the podium, they raised slogans demanding implementation of the Sachar Committee report.The Rajinder Sachar Committee, appointed in 2005 by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , was commissioned to prepare a report on the latest social, economic and educational condition of the Muslim community of India. It had concluded that the status of Indian Muslims are below the conditions of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.\"Please don't come into the Well. This is not allowed,\" Ansari said. \"Please go back to your places,\" he pleaded with unrelenting SP members.He then adjourned the House for 30 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645260", "title": "Punjab's land encroachment probe: Panels to submit report by January 31", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to review the situation where the government land was under unauthorized possession in rural and urban areas, the Punjab government constituted two Cabinet sub-committees comprising five cabinet ministers each to deal with the issue.These committees have been asked to submit their reports along with recommendations to tackle with this situation efficaciously besides suggesting concrete steps that such situation does not recur in future, positively by January 31, 2013.The sub-committee to review unauthorized possession of government land in urban areas comprises local bodies minister Chunni Lal Bhagat, food and civil supplies minister Adesh Partap Singh Kairon, finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa, education minister Sikander Singh Maluka and PWD minister Sharanjeet Singh Dhillon.The committee to review situation where government land was under unauthorized possession in rural areas consists of tourism minister Sarwan Singh Phillaur, health and family welfare minister Madan Mohan Mittal, irrigation minister Janmeja Singh Sekhon, revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia and panchayat and rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647801", "title": "Neethaane En Ponvasantham is for women", "text": "Gautham Vasudev Menon has treated twitteratis with his latest tweet, \" Neethaane En Ponvasantham is a movie for the women\". Commenting on the response that the film has received across the globe, the ace director says that in his career spanning 12 hits, his films had takers from across the quarters, with the exception being his latest offering, Neethane En Ponvasantham , which has struck a chord with women.The film has got a lot of positive and encouraging response from the audience especially women and the reason seems to be character of Nithya (played by Samantha). It's not very often that a movie stresses a lot on the female audience like Neethane En Ponvasantham and it has struck the right chord among the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644590", "title": "North Goa zilla panchayat prays for funds, functions, functionaries", "text": "PANAJI: In the absence of funds, functions and functionaries, the zilla panchayat bodies in Goa are unable to function and achieve objectives of part IX of the Constitution in the true spirit.This is the plaint of the North Goa zilla panchayat (NGZP), which in its recent memorandum to the director of panchayats has pleaded for more powers and funds.NGZP chairperson Jayesh Salgaocar, who has signed the memorandum, has demanded 17 functions to the ZP body. The main among these include the sanction of development grant of 50 lakh as general fund to each ZP member, additional grants of 50 lakh under octroi to each member, provision of staff on vacant posts and creation of new posts and allotment of office premises to the NGZP.The NGZP has also demanded cancellation of ceiling on estimated cost of works, transfer of the district rural development agency to the ZP body, provision of funds under the national rural employment guarantee scheme and pension scheme for all ZP members.Other demands include sanction of free water connections and Sulabh toilets to each ZP member under central government scheme, sanction of electrical fixtures to each ZP member and bringing under the ZP, poverty alleviation schemes, natural calamities, cultural activities and rural libraries.In addition to the demands, the NGZP also mentioned the various difficulties it is facing. For example, since the ZPs came into existence in Goa, the recruitment rules and regulations for ZP staff have not been framed and this is causing lots of difficulties to ZP staff. Also, there is acute shortage of clerical staff for the ZP technical section for typing work and maintenance of office records.Stating that the government has \"neglected\" the ZP bodies in Goa, Salgaocar has justified this by citing the recommendations of the second finance commission in 2005. He has reminded that the government has still not implemented the recommendation that the government should assign 2% state own revenues to Panchayati Raj institutions to meet expenditure of ZPs which have no taxation powers.Salgaocar has also reminded that the government has also not honoured the \"statement of conclusion\" signed by former chief minister Pratapsingh Rane and former union panchayati raj minister Mani Shankar Iyer for the effective implementation of the objectives of the 73rd Constitution Amendment Act 1992.Salgaocar has even appealed to the chief minister \"to play a visionary role to become a champion of decentralization by implementing the assurances given in the budget speech 2012-13 at page 31.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645531", "title": "Centre seeks states' help on chit funds", "text": "KOLKATA: The corporate affairs ministry on Sunday made it clear that ground is being prepared to take action against mushrooming chit funds and Ponzi schemes in different states. Minister of corporate affairs Sachin Pilot has sought cooperation from the state investigating agencies on this. \"There have been cases of financial frauds in states like West Bengal where some companies, chit funds and Ponzi schemes have taken away hard-earned money of small investors. Our primary objective is to protect small investors,\" he said.Pilot was interacting with the members of MCC Chamber of Commerce and Industry.TOI had earlier reported that over 62 major chit funds with net worth of at least Rs 100 crore are operating in Bengal. The combined assets of these companies would be close to Rs 15,000 crore. Most of these companies are operating in villages and luring public by announcing attractive returns. Recently, the Reserve Bank of India had raised concerns over the flouting of norms by chit funds in West Bengal.Meanwhile, the corporate affairs ministry is planning to launch an awareness campaign among the investors of these financial schemes. \"Centre is looking into the issue, we would also encourage state governments to take necessary action against these firms. These firms are currently misusing the loopholes in law,\" Pilot added. He also highlighted that states like Assam , Sikkim , Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh are facing similar issues.On corporate frauds, he said that the new Companies Bill, to be tabled before the Parliament, will ensure that more powers be given to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) to tackle such frauds.\"In order to avoid corporate frauds, SFIO will be given more statutory powers. There will be better tie-ups between the investigating agencies at the state and Centre, I-T department and information technology ministry with the SFIO,\" he added. said while addressing MCC Chamber of commerce meet here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643174", "title": "MCD engineer slapped 3-year jail term for taking bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced an MCD junior engineer to three years in jail for taking bribe to clear an alleged illegal construction in 2005.While awarding jail term to MCD official Y S Chauhan, special judge Pradeep Chaddah also imposed a fine of Rs 2 lakh on him for taking Rs 20,000 as bribe from complainant Mangat Ram Khatri who is building a house in Rohini, the CBI told the court.\"The entire city of Delhi bears signs of illegal unauthorized constructions. Where two and half floors are permitted, four to five floors have come up with the blessings of MCD officials,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17646612", "title": "DGP mum over arrest of Samjhauta blast accused", "text": "INDORE: Director general of police (DGP) of Madhya Pradesh, Nandan Dubey, on Sunday refused to comment on arrest of Dashrath Chaudhary-an accused in Samjhauta blast\u00e2\u20ac\u201d from a village in Ujjain district by National Investigating Agency (NIA).Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh has raised question over state police saying that Samjhaurta blast accused Dashrath Chaudhary was hiding in Madhya Pradesh for long time but police were unable to trace him and NIA arrested him. Singh has doubted the intention of state police for not acting against the 'saffron terrorist.'DGP who was in the city refused to make any comment when he was quizzed about the arrest by NIA. He just said 'no comment'.It is to be noted that NIA has arrested another accused of Samjhauta blast, 32-year-old Rajendra Choudhary alias Dashrath alias Samunder Singh, son of Vikram Singh from Piplauda Bagda village near Nagda in the district on Saturday.Rajendra is the resident of Depalpura of Indore district, and he is alleged to have planted one of the bombs that exploded Samjhauta express, killing around 68 people in February 2007. The investigating agency earlier has announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh on his head.In the Samjhauta blast case, NIA had earlier arrested Kamal Chouhan from Depalpur and Lokesh Sharma from Mhow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644346", "title": "Piyush, Chandra, Naman shine in state Table Tennis meet", "text": "PATNA: Piyush D Gandhi of Patna defeated Naman Kumar 9-11, 11-5, 11-8, 11-6 in the men's final of 74th Bihar state table tennis championship held at Madhepura.However, Naman avenged his defeat in the junior boys' singles final by beating Piyush 11-9, 11-6, 11-8, 11-5 and repeated his performance against the same opponent 11-9, 8-11, 11-7, 11-7 in the youth boys' singles final.Chandra clinched the women's trophy defeating Saikia Parveen 11-9, 8-11, 11-9, 10-12, 13-11 and made it a grand double after taming Riyanshi Gupta 11-9, 12-10, 11-9 in the youth girls' singles final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644976", "title": "To gain focus, BCs pitch for a sub-plan", "text": "Andhra Pradesh has been a pioneer in implementing reservations in educational institutions and public employment for backward classes since 1970. From the beginning, the BCs were categorised into four groups-A, B, C, D-within the overall quota of 25 per cent for them. The socially and educationally backward castes among Muslims were included in BC 'E' category in 2007 and a quota of four per cent was earmarked for them over and above the 25 per cent reservations for existing BC groups. Currently, a total of 144 BC castes are included in the list, including 54 castes in the A category with seven per cent quota, 28 castes in group B with 10 per cent, one caste in C category with one per cent, 47 castes in D group with seven per cent and 14 Muslim castes in E category with four per cent quota.The backward classes, excluding the Muslims, constitute 44.5 per cent of the state's population, including 50.7 per cent in Telangana region, 43 per cent in Rayalaseema and 39 per cent in coastal Andhra. This makes BCs the single largest group of populationas well as voters spread all over the state. Studies and surveys have shown that only 10 per cent of the BCs have benefited from reservations, welfare schemes and other development initiatives in the last 42 years. Out of the 144 BC castes in the state, no single caste has secured its share of development in any sector in proportion to its percentage of population. This is the case with all BC castes and groups in terms of their share in politics, economy and development.The development and welfare benefits have reached hardly 10 per cent of BCs belonging to not even 10 individual castes. In the case of these 10 BC castes, one per cent of the families could have reached a level equivalent to the level of 10 per cent of the upper castes. But for 90 per cent of the top 10 BC communities and the remaining 90 per cent of other BC communities, the conditions have remained bad and, in most cases, deteriorated in the last two decades. There are only 30 to 40 BC castes whose condition maybe similar to the backward sections of scheduled castes.Overall, the condition of the BCs in the State with regard to education, employment, income generation, property holdings, and level of development in different sectors such as agriculture, industry, trade and commerce, market and overall economy as well as gains in politics, level of participation in decision-making etc, remains much below the state and national average and in relation to upper castes. In this backdrop, a number of BC organisations came together to draft a \"Backward Castes Special Plan\", which was released in August 2011. The drafting committee headed by Prof K Murali Manohar made a strong plea for introduction of Backward Class Sub-Plan (BCSP) on the lines of SC/ST Sub-Plans. The draft plan was submitted to Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh by state BC welfare minister Basavaraju Saraiah.The drafting committee suggested that the BCSP should form part of the five-year plans of the Union government as well as state plans. The plan strategies should have an in-built focus and a special emphasis on the development of BCs in their approach. In principle, out of the total plan outlay of Union and state governments, a proportion equal to the percentage of BC population should be set apart for the BCSP. However, to start with, the central and state plan outlays should earmark at least 27 per cent (the same percentage of OBC quota followed in education and public employment) of the funds for BCSP component and it should be reflected in the budget of all development departments as an inbuilt component. Over the next few years, this component should gradually grow to reach the figure equivalent to the proportion of BC population.The draft recommends that the developmental needs of the BCs should be identified according to the order of priorities and in the process, the nomadic and denotified tribes and castes and the most backward castes (MBCs) should get top priority in budget allocation. Focus should be laid more on different sectors with special strategies to cover the operations of productive castes, service castes and other castes with separate programmes of development to suit their needs and aspirations. Every caste in the BC category should get its due share in the budget in proportion to its population and also according to its level of backwardness and needs.(The writer is a member of legislative council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17646711", "title": "Industry sector in state raises demand for an exit policy", "text": "INDORE: Industry sector in the state want the state government to act on framing an exit policy for those units that want to quit owing to various reasons. As per the existing norms, there is no such exit route and hence affected units face a host of troubles.Industries want that there must be an amendment in labour laws as it was quite old and acting as a deterrent for industrial growth of the state. Above all, the industries want that in case the state government wants to take an industrial unit to court to settle certain issue, it must first discuss the same with the industrial association before going to court.The issues were discussed at a day-long marathon meeting, which was held jointly by Association of Industries MP (AIMP) and Laghu Udyog Sangh in Indore on Sunday.Talking to TOI, Ashok Badjatya, president, AIMP, said, \"Interpretation of laws by the state government and the centre both must be pro-active one. Also, there must be an amendment in the old labour laws in view of lack of labour which was marring the industrial growth of the state.\"Pithampur Industries Association president Gautam Kothari, who was also present on the occasion, said the state government must have an exit policy in place to facilitate those industries that have become sick due to many reasons and thus were willing to quit. AKVN (Indore) managing director Manish Singh said the AKVN is facing fund crunch. It has been sanctioned the fund, which is small in quantum keeping in view the requirement for the development of infrastructure of industrial places. Hence, we are concentrating on roads first.\"The industries associations from places like Pologround, Sanwer Road, Dewas, Ujjain and Satna attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649366", "title": "Siddharth Vasudev to enter Amrit Manthan", "text": "Director Kut's Amrit Manthan on Life OK is throwing in interesting twists one after the other.Post the two months leap; the next big track will kick start with the entry of Siddharth Vasudev, who enters the show as the new male lead.Sources inform that Siddharth who gained popularity through Zee TV's 'Kasamh Se' will enter the show as the new male lead. He will play the role of a rich and powerful man Rukdraksh Singh who will be introduced on the show post two months leap. The story will focus on the entry of Rudrakash and his friendship with Amrit (Adaa Khan) and Yug ( Karan Mehra) post the leap. Siddharth has already started shooting for the show.When contacted, Siddharth said, \"Yes, I have already started shooting for the show and it's a very interesting character. However, it's too early to reveal anything on my role. The production team is very co-operative and it's a good team to work with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17647707", "title": "14,000 websites hacked till Oct: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 14,000 websites have been hacked by cyber criminals till October this year, an increase of nearly 57 per cent from 2009.While the number of websites hacked in 2009 stood at 9,180, it grew to 14,232 in 2011 and in the first 10 months of this year itself it has already crossed the 14,300-mark.About 16,126 websites were hacked in 2010, while 14,392 websites were hacked in the year 2012 (till October), as per the information tracked and reported by Indian Computer Emergency Response Team ( Cert-In).To check hacking and cyber crimes, the government has conducted six cyber security mock drills since November 2009 to assess preparedness of organisations to withstand cyber attacks, minister of communications and IT Kapil Sibal had said in Parliament.He had said ministries and departments have been advised to carry out their IT system audit regularly to ensure robustness of their systems.A total of 294 websites belonging to various ministries and government departments were hacked in the January-October 2012 period.During May-June, 2012, Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks were launched against a number of government websites by various hacker groups. A DDoS attack is an attempt to make a machine or network resource unavailable to its intended users.Sibal said there is, however, no proposal to establish an autonomous institution on cyber security.Further, he stated that according to National Crimes Record Bureau (NCRB) a total of 696, 1,322 and 2,213 cyber crime cases were registered under the IT Act and cyber crime related IPC sections in 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively.A total of 1,184 persons were arrested for cyber crime under the IT Act, while 446 people were arrested under IPC section of cyber crimes in 2011.A total of 157 cases were registered for hacking under IT Act in 2011, while 65 persons were arrested for the same. For loss/damage to computer resource/utility, 826 cases were registered and 487 persons arrested.Likewise, 496 cases were registered for obscene publication/transmission in electronic form and 443 persons were arrested.Under the IPC sections of cyber crime maximum number of cases were registered for forgery (259) in 2011 and 277 people were arrested for it. For criminal breach of trust/fraud, 118 cases were registered and 129 people arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643056", "title": "Congress factional feud deepens as poll year arrives", "text": "JAIPUR: Will there be lasting peace between Ashok Gehlot and CP Joshi? Such a hope seems to be in vain if the recent few incidents are any indication. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot and the Union minister for road transport and highways C P Joshi are at loggerheads for quite some time. Although the Gehlot government has completed four years and the assembly polls are just one year away, animosity between the two factions seems deepening as both the camps are sticking to their stand of troubling each other.The \"no-holds-barred\" session at the PCC headquarters in Jaipur on Saturday in front of party general secretary Mukul Wasnik is the latest testimony to the fact that the two senior leaders are leaving no opportunity to settle scores. Congress ex-MLA Sanyam Lodha and sitting MLA Raghu Sharma, in the presence of Joshi, Gehlot and Wasnik, leveled serious charges of corruption and nepotism against Gehlot apart from blaming him for the Gopalgarh incident. Proximity of the two leaders with Joshi is a known fact and the party insiders say that the onslaught against Gehlot could not be possible without the consent of Joshi.Several incidents of the recent past highlight the unending fight for one-upmanship between the two leaders. Gehlot recently extended the term of Shiv Charan Mali as chairperson of the Rajasthan State Sports Council. Among several \"achievements\" of Mali, the most noticeable is the fact that he has consistently robbed Joshi of a sound sleep. Joshi is the president of the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA).Joshi was elected as RCA boss in 2009. He had jumped into cricket purportedly to improve its affairs as it was worsening thanks to the growing differences among various factions when Lalit Modi was part of it. However, the very purpose of Joshi's advent to cricket has been defeated. The prestigious SMS stadium in Jaipur is no more hosting international or domestic cricket matches due to stalemate between the RCA and the sports council regarding financial dues that reportedly RCA owes to the council.The issue has been pending for quite some time but its fallout has been realized maximum in the recent past. And the deadlock is largely attributed to the differences between Mali and Joshi. Mali was appointed sports council chairperson in December 2009 after he withdrew his candidature for the post of RCA president against Joshi. Mali's tenure ended recently but Gehlot bestowed generosity on Mali by extending his tenure.The \"unwarranted\" delay in flag-off of the double-decker train between New Delhi and Jaipur was also seen as a fall out of animosity between Joshi and Gehlot. The flag-off took place in August after a delay of several months and railway officials described it as a delay due to technical reasons. However, insiders said that the delay was largely due to lack of coordination between Joshi and Gehlot camps. The deep divide between the two leaders also came to the fore during a recent event in Udaipur during launching of a four-laning project. Joshi loyalists alleged that the Gehlot camp roped in the entire state machinery to make sure that the event didn't get too much publicity and remained confined to Udaipur region only. The delay in completion of the Jaipur-New Delhi national highway expansion project is another outcome of the simmering feud between the two leaders. Gehlot recently wrote bluntly to hand over the project to state government whereas Joshi shot back stating that the expansion work was hampered due to delay in land acquisition as state government was not cooperating.In 2008, Joshi was seen as a possible candidate for chief minister's chair thanks to his loyalty to Rahul Gandhi . But he lost the assembly polls paving way for smooth ascension of Gehlot as chief minister for second time. However, Joshi too has left no opportunity to unsettle Gehlot, whose fate hung in balance till recently when Congress high command firmly decided to continue Gehlot as chief minister largely due to his government's welfare schemes and also the measures taken to please the Muslim community, who were on the threshold of falling apart from Congress thanks to police firing at Gopalgarh in which 10 Muslims were killed.Although the party high command has put to rest the speculations about change of guard in the state, the party's state unit is struggling to keep flocks together. In the coming assembly polls, the Congress will be pitted against several odds including the possible anti-incumbency and allegations of non-performance. However, the high command has maintained silence although the state leaders and party followers are worried as lack of unity and poor coordination between the two camps has the potential to dent serious damage to party prospects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644733", "title": "Police, p'yats squabble delays disposal of morgue bodies", "text": "PANAJI: Although a new larger morgue is being readied for Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, there is no guarantee that it would help put right the existing problem; provide adequate space for all bodies brought to the GMC morgue.The reason being most of the time, GMC morgue cabinets remain occupied by unidentified bodies being not disposed on time as police and civic bodies wrestle over the matter of disposal.The police inspector attached to the respective police station has to assume responsibility for an unclaimed body found in his jurisdiction, and though he may be willing to do his duty, many a time he is left helpless for alleged lack of cooperation from the village panchayat.\"There is clear instruction from the collector to the police that a body has to be disposed off within 15 days, but it is rarely done,\" a doctor from the forensic department said, seeking anonymity.The village panchayat has to bear expenditure for burial or cremation of a person who has died in the village if the body remains unclaimed.Some police officers, however, complained that most of the time, village panchayats are just not willing to shell out money. A police officer claimed that the Curca-Bambolim panchayat has been \"the most adamant\" and till date, has not paid him expenditure incurred for disposing four bodies.\"I have written several letters to them over the past few months but they have not paid me till date,\"said a police officer, even as he claimed that it was the prime responsibility of the panchayat to give at least 1000 per body, and arrange for a hearse van.When contacted, sarpanch Ghanashayam Vernekar, however, claimed during the last panchayat meeting, they had passed a resolution and some money was sanctioned to be paid to police.He was unable to spell out how much amount was sanctioned and how much they paid per body. At the time of writing this article, there were two bodies attached to Agasaim police station, lying at the morgue but coming under the domain of Curca-Bambolim-Talaulim village panchayat.The police officer also complained that Curca village panchayat only pays 750 per body while actually they need to give 900 per body like other panchayats.A body of a Russian national, Tatiana, 27, has been lying in the morgue ever since March, 2010.Anjuna police inspector Vishwesh Karpe said he was helpless as there has been no response from the Russian embassy. \"We have written six to seven letters to them but they are yet to trace relatives of the deceased,\" he said.He also complained that most of the time, delays also occur as a result of non-cooperation by the civic bodies, especially panchayats.\"If they arrange things on time we can dispose off bodies immediately,\" he added.The GMC morgue has been compelled to hold bodies for a longer duration as police fight with civic bodies to compel them to adher to their civic responsibility.The head of forensic medicine, Dr Silvano Sapeco, claimed that they are constantly after respective police stations to take the bodies.The existing capacity of the morgue is 62 (cabinets) while at any given time 35- 40 cabinets remain occupied with 35-40 unidentified and unclaimed bodies and sometimes from medico-legal cases.When all cabinets are full, the department is left with no option but to keep new bodies in the morgue without the cabinet facility. \"As a precaution, we have to post an attendant there, when a body is not kept in the cabinet, lest rats do not eat parts of the body,\" said a forensic department official.Forensic and Toxicology department receives on an average five -six bodies for autopsies whereas various hospitals send eight-ten bodies in connection with non-police cases everyday.Sometimes, there are requests from individuals to keep a body in the morgue till the final rites are arranged for. The new morgue will have 200 cabinets and certainly be bigger than the existing one. But it won't matter if police and civic bodies do not resolve their issues over disposal of bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17646577", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI was rejected even for the role of a junior artist\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Vijay Sethupathi, the man who got noticed with the recent hits Pizza and Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kanom may earn in lakhs after his success. But ` 250 was his first salary in films. Vijay tells us his story.What were you doing before Pizza happened? \"I was a junior artist before my debut. I was part of the 'atmosphere' in crowded scenes. You can spot me in the crowd in M Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi in the boxing sequence. Later, I did a small role in Pudhupettai. I have played the role of the hero's friend in a few films. All I wanted was to just be a part of the shoot. My father is a civil engineer. I knew nobody in films. I was a below-average student right from school. I was not interested in either sports or extra-curricular activities. I didn't know what I was going to do. After working as an accountant for three years, I got bored with that job. I wanted to try films then. I have been in films since 2004.\"With no background in films, you must have struggled... Nothing is easy in cinema. I used to leave my photos with production companies. Even assistant directors didn't receive them. I was even rejected for the role of a junior artist in a film. I was replaced by somebody else at the last moment in many roles. But nothing stopped me from trying for an opportunity. I was determined to become a hero at least in serials. After repeated trials, I got my first opportunity as a hero in Thenmerku Paruvakkatru.How did Pizza happen? I used to regularly leave my photographs in the film institute. I got to work with Karthik Subburaj in many of his short films and then he approached me for Pizza.What transformation have your recent hits brought in? I am able to listen to stories. Earlier, I didn't have this freedom... of knowing the script. But now I can. Now the audience has come to know that there is hero called Vijay Sethupathi in Tamil films. My dream is to work on interesting films which can later be termed as a Vijay Sethupathi collection.There are rumours about you demanding a big sum now... I demand stories not money. I was paid reasonably for Pizza and NKPK. But for such brilliant scripts I didn't expect money.What kept you going during your early struggle? The photographs that were clicked by Balu Mahendra. I like posing for photographs. Once, I approached the legendary director to take some photographs. He did it despite me being a nobody at that time. Those pictures kept reminding me that I can become a hero one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644382", "title": "HC hauls up police for wrong arrest in murder", "text": "MUMBAI: In a recent judgment discharging a Peddar Road resident accused of murdering her mother-in-law and sister-in-law, the Bombay high court observed that the evidence presented by the police was not even sufficient to frame charges against her. The woman, Rupal Gandhi (46), spent three months in jail after being charged with murder in 2010.On November 14, 2010, Rupal's mother-in-law Champagouri Gandhi (80) and sister-in-law Ila Gandhi (62) were brutally attacked at their residence. While Ila died after being strangulated, Champagouri, who suffered head injuries, died in January 2011. Rupal was arrested after the co-accused and a servant with the family, Ramchandra Gomane, told the Gamdevi police that he committed the crime at her behest. The motive was said to be a property dispute. Rupal was granted bail only in February 2011.Rupal filed her first discharge application at the Sewri sessions court and this was rejected in October 2011. She then filed an appeal in the high court which in April this year quashed the lower court order. It remitted the matter back to the sessions court for fresh hearing. However once again, the sessions court rejected the application. Rupal then filed an appeal in the HC.The HC, in its order passed on Tuesday, refuted Gomane's alleged confession statement. It observed that his statement was not legally permissible as he had refused to give it before a magistrate and, as such, repeatedly disowned it. The court also said that the fact that Rupal was whispering to Gomane when they were on their way to the police station cannot brand her as a conspirator. \"The statement of deceased (Champagouri), recorded by signs in presence of witnesses, has not implicated the daughter-in-law,\" the court said.The cops had earlier submitted that Rupal had given instructions to Gomane about the offence over the phone. Refuting this evidence, the court observed, \"So far as phone details are concerned, the accused No 1 (Gomane) was an employee in the family and naturally, was in constant communication in respect of the duties assigned to him for taking care of the family members.\"The court also mentioned that Rupal's advocate had made allegations that the earlier investigator had falsely implicated her for extraneous consideration.Speaking to TOI, Rupal said that she had to face a nightmarish ordeal after being falsely implicated for two years. \"It was a tough time for our family. The tragedies of the deaths were also a huge blow. My husband and son always knew about my innocence and supported me throughout. So did my brother-in-law and his family. No one believed that I could do such a thing,\" she said.She also stated that the families were close knit and would look out for each other. Her brother-in-law's family and hers would take turns to deliver food to the two women who lived on the ground floor. Even on the night of the incident, she had sent food with the servant. \"Even after I was released on bail, my family, relatives and neighbours did not change their attitude towards me. However, what deeply saddened me was that my friends deserted me and were not there at the time of need,\" she rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17644306", "title": "Schoolchildren rally against female foeticide", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Hundreds of school children, businessmen and intellectuals under the banner of Mahavir Seva Mandal (MSM), a reputed social organization in Nalanda district engaged in various social and welfare works, took out a 'Beti Bachao' (save girl child) rally which passed through the main thoroughfares at Biharsharif on Sunday.Dr Avdhesh Prasad, a senior physician and the director of MSM, said the percentage of the female child is falling in many states of the country and there are states like Haryana and Punjab where the gap between the male and female population has touched the danger level and in Nalanda, the ratio of female is 990 against 1,000 male according to the last census report which cannot be termed as a healthy ratio. Dr Prasad also said though action is taken against medical practitioners found engaged in sex determination tests and those involved in female foeticide, these practices were still going on unabated.He said the custom of dowry, responsible for the menace of female foeticide, needs to be rooted out. To realize this goal, communities should stand up against it.Dr P K Choudhry, Dr Jawahar Prasad, Dr Santosh Prasad, social activists Mazhir Alam, Chandramani Panday, Manju Prasad and Alka Choudhary were prominent among those who spoke against female foeticide on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644427", "title": "Maintenance charges go up in city apartments, villas", "text": "KOCHI: With electricity rates going north and flats increasingly dependent on water supplied by tankers and bore wells, residents of flats have been forced to shell out 10% more on maintenance charges this year.Many of the city apartment associations are gearing to hike monthly maintenance charges next year as common facility costs have gone up following the one-hour power cut introduced by the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB). Most of the city apartments bank on generators during power cuts. Apartments have also been asked to reduce electricity consumption during peak hours by 25%.Flat owners said that the cost for operating a 200kv diesel generator for an hour comes to over Rs 1,250. So apartments have to spend an additional amount of over Rs 37,000 every month since the introduction of the power cut.The maintenance charge varies depending on the electricity charge for common facilities in apartments, the source of water and the number of workers employed. While the average monthly maintenance charge in the city comes between Rs 1,000-2,000, some have been even charging over Rs 2,500.\"We hiked the monthly maintenance charge this year after a few years. We will have to increase it again in next financial year as the salary of staff and electricity bills have gone up,\" said Joy P Joseph, secretary, Willington Apartment Owners Association, Thevara.In the meantime, some apartment and villa associations have begun charging an additional amount every month, apart from the monthly maintenance charge, to meet unexpected expenditures such as maintenance of broken water pipes and others. \"We have been paying Rs 300 additional every month apart from the monthly maintenance charge of Rs 1,250,\" Lilan Bhatt, who lives in a villa complex at Elamakkara, said. While some associations charge for facilities such as swimming pool, gym, jacuzzi and pool table, others are provide these facilities free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644082", "title": "Telangana overshadows Congress session", "text": "HYDERABAD: A one-day brain-storming session to rejuvenate the Congress party with newer ideas and strategy to strengthen itself ahead of the 2014 state elections fell flat as T-Congress leaders ensured the Telangana issue overshadowed the main event highlighting growing fissures within the ruling party.Completely ignoring calls of the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president Botsa Satyanarayana to look beyond Telangana issue and rather infuse fresh ideas to counter the rising clout of YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy and other opposition, the Telangana issue time and again disrupted the proceedings.Half an hour into the session, Ponnam Prabhakar, Member of Parliament from Karimnagar, demanded the meeting should start condoling the deaths of Telangana activists whom he described as martyrs.Botsa heard him out but chose to ignore his calls and instead asked the audience to observe a minute of silence for all those who lost their lives in various agitations and natural calamities including the victims of Nilam cyclone, only to get a rude shock.The one-minute silence was disrupted with the deafening chants of 'Jai Telangana' which left senior Congress party leaders, including AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad staring in disbelief.\"The issue of division of the state has become a sour point apart from it impeding the development of the state. I appeal to the party high command to solve the issue at the earliest,\" an annoyed Botsa said.Political parties in the state are divided in their opinion on the formation of Telangana and a decision in this regard is supposed to be taken during a all-party meet in Delhi on December 28.When Ponnam's turn came in the afternoon, he again raised the issue and demanded a minute's silence exclusively meant for the Telangana martyrs.Kiran sounds poll bugleThe Congress has implemented a number of welfare schemes in the state and if party workers can highlight these properly, it can easily win the 2014 election, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said during the brainstorming session on Sunday. AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and Kiran Kumar called for greater coordination among leaders and urged partymen to begin their campaign in districts during the one-day brainstorming session held to find newer ideas to battle its political opponents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645465", "title": "Police surgeon moots sexual assault crisis intervention centre", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Dr Sherly Vasu, head of the department of forensic medicine, Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH) has mooted the setting up of sexual assault crisis intervention centres across the state to help the victims of sexual assault.A police surgeon who had performed autopsy on around 50,000 bodies during her three decades of service as forensic expert Sherly said a crisis intervention centre is a must in a state like Kerala which witnesses an increase in sexual assault cases every year.According to crime statistics with the police department, the state has reported 343 sexual harassment cases from January to September, 2012. Number of molestation cases and rape cases reported during the period are 2,798 and 715 respectively. The state had registered 1,132 rape cases, 3,756 molestation and 573 sexual harassment cases in 2011.The comprehensive intervention centre can be similar to the one set up by the Bangalore-based Vydehi Institute of Medical Sciences, which provides hospital basis crisis intervention service for sexual assault victims who are unsure of filing cases. The victims always think of committing suicide to get rid of the mental agony. On such occasions, a crisis intervention centre can play a pivotal role in the life of victims. The centre would provide free counselling and support services to victims and their families,'' said Sherly. The centre would provide privacy to victims, facilities for emergency medical aid, medico-legal examination and evidence collection including forensic evidence and follow up care ,'' said the police surgeon.She said trained nursing assistants at the centres would ensure that victims get the needed medical care and undergoes forensic examination. \"They would also provide legal aid to file complaint to ensure that the victim gets justice. The major highlight of such a centre is that the victim can register complaint with police any time as the lab attached to the intervention centre will provide all the evidences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644998", "title": "Is Cyberabad the new crime capital?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cyberabad police, who boast of having successfully conducted several world class events like World Badminton Tournament and CoP-11, have miserably failed in controlling crime.In the past four months, 20 persons have lost their lives in the attacks by thieves in the Cyberabad commissionerate. These chilling incidents indicate that thieves are striking at will and killing, on an average, one innocent person every week. There has been a rash of burglaries in the last few days at Tarnaka, Nagole and Hayathnagar and a coldblooded murder of an aged woman at her house in Vanasthalipuram before being robbed of her jewellery.With a population of 70 lakh people, spread over 3,600 square kilometers, the Cyberabad commissionerate records the maximum number of FIRs in the state and has earned the dubious distinction for having become the crime capital of AP since its inception in 2003.While interacting with the senior officials at his farewell meeting, former Cyberabad commissioner Prabhakar Reddy himself admitted that despite putting in a lot of effort, he failed to control chain-snatching incidents. The situation on this front continues to be alarming, but the worrisome fact is the increase in severe property offences like murder for gain and robberies.Murder-for-gain cases pose a severe challenge as the Cyberabad police have been able to crack only a few of them. Police are yet to crack the sensational murders of housewives in Neredmet, Nacharam, Ghatkesar and LB Nagar. In all these cases, the offenders gained the confidence of their victims by posing as couple on the lookout for a suitable rented accommodation or thirsty people asking for some drinking water.Police suspect that no organised gangs are involved in these offences, as the fingerprints at these crime scenes do not match with those in the record bank. A senior police official of Malkajgiri, who has been supervising the probe, said the criminals are coming from other states or neighbouring districts. \"Immediately after committing a crime, they leave the city and lie low for some time, which is making it difficult for us to track them,\" the official said.Police stations like Rajendranagar, Shivrampally, Medipally, Hayatnagar, Vanasthalipuram, LB Nagar, Neredmet, Malkajgiri, Kushaiguda, Alwal, Jeedimetla, Kukatpally, Miyapur and KPHB have been recording violent crimes, like murder for gain, robberies with disturbing regularity.When contacted, Cyberabad DCP (crimes) Rangareddy said they are trying their best to solve these cases. \"As on Friday, 10 special teams of Cyberabad police are outside the state looking for the offenders. Some of the teams have gone to Mumbai, Kolkota and Bangalore trying to track down the offenders. Our property recovery rate is also good at 72% and efforts are on to increase it significantly,\" the DCP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645578", "title": "Archer shares the story of his life", "text": "KOLKATA: It was an evening of sighs and laughter, of surprises and discoveries as Lord Jeffrey Archer , one of the world's favourite writers, took time off to spend an hour and a half with his readers in the city over an exclusive chat.As with his books, which have straddled the bestseller lists for four decades now, he took everyone through the ups and downs of his life that had just one constant - stories and more stories. The septuagenarian author is due to be out with his third novel in the Cliffton series in March. The good news is that India will see the book before the rest of the world does, he revealed as the audience went into a thunderous applause.The programme, Journey of My Life, was jointly organized by the Calcutta Park Street Round Table 34, Calcutta Sterling Round Table 106 and Association of La Martiniere Alumni (Alma), in aid of education for underprivileged children. Archer singlehandedly held the attention of his audience as he revealed that he had set out to be a politician, but the turn of events was such that he took up the pen to pay off his debts. And hence came his best-selling debut novel, 'Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less'.\"I read in the media today that my book was an instant success but it was not so. It actually sold only 3,000 copies globally and my wife thought that I should rather take up a regular job,\" he revealed.Though it is as a writer that we know him best, Archer has also been a parliamentarian and an athlete. Letting the audience take a sneak peek into his life he said: \"I am up at 5 am every day and I start writing at 6 am. I write constantly for two hours and take a two-hour break. This goes on till 10 pm, when I finally retire for the day. I must also tell you another secret, I still handwrite all my novels and I do 14 drafts before I give them for printing. Each draft is handwritten because I am not technology savvy.\"The author of bestselling novels like 'Kane and Abel', 'First Among Equals' and 'A Matter of Honour' thinks that India has the largest number of readers, where at least 250 million people read English books. \"In Delhi, I met a 13-year-old boy who has read all my books and this can only happen in India,\" he said.This is one of the main reasons why his books are first published in India and then elsewhere. \"There is one more reason. If I don't give you the books first, you will still have it on your footpaths within 48 hours of their release in the US or the UK, thanks to piracy. It amazes me, this zest for reading in this country,\" he said.Archer revealed that R K Narayan is one of his favourite authors just as Charles Dickens, Hans Christian Anderson or Jane Austen is. \"I like stories and anyone who is able to make me turn the page is my favourite.\" Asked where he gets his ideas from, Archer said: \"I just sit with the pen and paper and follow an idea that dawns on me like God's gift from above. I don't know where the words would take me, but finally am left surprised at the end.\"At every turn, the audience was in splits. Take for instance when Archer shared this anecdote about how he appeared alongside Mickey Mouse on a TV show. While the latter was celebrating an anniversary, he was trying to promote 'Kane and Abel' on the morning show.Archer laughed with the audience as he said that he enjoyed the way England \"battered\" India in the ongoing cricket series and how he preferred Test cricket to 20-20, \"which is a nuisance\". \"I love to see Laxman or Dravid batting our men through days of Test cricket,\" he said. On a lighter vein, he said his uncherished dream will be to become the transport minister of India, \"so that I can figure out why cars are parked on the wrong side of the road and why the slow and fast moving vehicles move on the lanes in which they are not supposed to move.\"As a member of the audience asked him about that unfortunate episode of his life where he had to court imprisonment, he said: \"You will have to take certain risks in life. If you have the centre-stage one day, you are bound to be down below too. You have to be prepared for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17649511", "title": "Cops plan film on chit funds companies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The crime branch will make a short documentary to sensitize people about illegal non-banking financial companies(NBFCs). The film will feature a host of financial management companies like Seashore, Ashore and Saffex, whose irregularities were exposed recently.\"We will also describe their misdeeds through print. Still visuals and photographs of the accused arrested earlier would be displayed in public to caution people about them and other fraud companies,\" ADG(Crime Branch) BK Sharma told TOI.The necessity for an effective campaign against chit fund companies was discussed at a meeting of a state-level coordination committee for the protection of public deposit, which comprised members of the finance department and the Crime Branch. The committee will convene meetings every three months to take stock of the activities of NBFCs and devise a mechanism to curb unscrupulous practices.The economic offences wing(EOW) of the Crime Branch has registered at least 30 cases against several fraud companies in the past six months for embezzling public deposits after giving them false promise of high return. Senior functionaries of the companies were arrested and their bank accounts frozen. \"In the last meeting, we have decided to issue a toll-free number to help people inform EOW about fraud chit fund companies,\" Sharma said.Besides sensitizing public, police have decided to train their own personnel about the legal aspects and investigation procedures while dealing with such complaints. The Crime Branch, in association with the Reserve Bank of India(RBI), will organize a training programme here on December 21 to teach nearly 40 police officers on prevention and detection of financial frauds.The EOW has also decided to bring two bankers on deputation to assist investigating officers crack cases relating to banking fraud. \"We recently hired a chartered accountant for the EOW. Now we will urge the RBI to get two bankers (group-B and C) on deputation for effective investigation,\" the senior police officer said. Adding teeth to EOW, the state government last month posted a DIG-rank officer to monitor investigation process. DIG Rajesh Kumar is likely to join the EOW office here on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643450", "title": "Man shoots at waiter who refused to eat leftovers, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A drunk customer opened fire on eatery staffers after one of them refused to eat his leftovers in Connaught Place early Sunday morning, police said.The main suspect, Rajesh, has been arrested but two others accompanying him are on the run. The site of the shooting is barely 300 metres away from both Connaught Place and Barakhamba Road police stations.Rajesh, a small businessman, is a resident of Uttam Nagar in west Delhi. A .32 bore pistol was recovered from him. His Santro has also been impounded.It was around 5.30am when Rajesh and two of his friends, Vishal and Sahil, arrived at Jain Eatery. They ordered food which was served in their car. They were reportedly consuming alcohol.Police said when the accused had finished eating, they spotted a waiter, identified as Monu, clearing dishes. They called Monu and asked him to eat a paratha lying on one of their plates.Monu, in his statement, said the trio was livid when he refused to eat the paratha and were trying to force him to do so. Monu ran away and informed his colleagues and an argument ensued.Eyewitnesses said when the eatery staff objected to their behaviour Rajesh whipped out a pistol and opened fire. While witnesses said two rounds of bullets were fired, police said only one round was fired on the spot.Monu had a close shave as he ducked to avoid the bullet. Within seconds people gathered on the spot at the sound of gunfire. As the staff raised an alarm, two policemen arrived. Seeing the policemen, the accused drove away in their car, a senior police officer said. It was constable Dharmveer who chased and nabbed Rajesh. However, Vishal and Sahil managed to escape.Eatery manager Dharmpal Singh, who has worked there for 35 years, said the eatery near Shivaji stadium stays open till late hours and reopens at 5am. The accused arrived around 5.30 am, he said.Police have registered a case of attempt to murder under Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Arms Act. Rajesh was produced in a court and remanded in police custody.A medical examination has established that Rajesh was under influence of alcohol. Police are investigating how he procured the weapon and are trying to trace his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644558", "title": "NCP may seek judicial probe to keep SIT at bay", "text": "MUMBAI: In a politically strategic move, the NCP has decided to submit a proposal for a high-level judicial probe into the multi-crore irrigation scam in the state to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Although Chavan declined comment, a senior Congress minister told TOI on Sunday that the NCP had sought legal opinion on entrusting the probe to a panel set up under the Commission of Inquiry Act to end the week-long stalemate over the scandal in both houses of the state legislature.The minister pointed out that six public interest litigations against deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare were pending before the Bombay high court, while leader of opposition Eknath Khadse is in the process of filing two more PILs on gross misuse of power and corruption in the irrigation department.\"The NCP fears that the court may order setting up of a special investigation team (SIT) or entrust the probe to the CBI as urged by the petitioners. In that event, the NCP will be at the receiving end. To avoid such a situation, the NCP itself will propose a judicial probe. If the proposal is accepted, then it will inform the court accordingly. In that event, the chances of setting up a SIT will be lower,'' the minister said.Ajit Pawar had quit the government on September 26 on moral grounds in the wake of a series of reports in TOI on rampant corruption, irregularities and massive cost escalations in key irrigation projects in the Vidarbha region. Chavan had then ordered a high-level departmental probe against 45 senior officials of the irrigation department led by its secretary D P Shirke. While Shirke was shunted out immediately, show-cause notices were served to the 45 engineers. The main charge against Pawar was that the cost escalations were uncalled for and that the water resources department had illegally given a huge mobilization advance to contractors of his choice.However, on November 28, when the white paper on the status of irrigation projects was presented to the cabinet, Pawar was seemingly given a clean chit with the department justifying cost escalations and mobilization advances. A week after the white paper was submitted, Pawar was re-inducted into the cabinet as deputy chief minister.Since then, opposition members have been gunning for a probe by a special investigation team and demanded that the government file a first information report against Pawar, Tatkare and officials of the water resources department for corruption. While the winter session of the state legislature began at Nagpur on December 10, BJP and Shiv Sena members have successfully stalled the proceedings in both houses to press for their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644537", "title": "Indian girl Sherin Catherine in line for Oscar nomination", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sherin Catherine, 24, who wrote the lyrics of two songs for Rupesh Paul's 'Saint Dracula', is all smiles. The songs 'I Be Here' and 'I Have Secrets' written by her and composed by Sreevalson J Menon have made it to the list of 75 songs chosen for nominations in the original song category for the 85th Academy Awards 2012. Surprisingly, this is her maiden effort.It was last year when she noticed the Facebook notification searching for young talents to write lyrics for the movie 'Saint Dracula 3D'. She contacted the administrative team of the movie and was asked to send in a few of her original writings in prose. A month later, she was offered the opportunity to write the lyrics of two songs for the movie.\"It took me three months to finish writing two songs for the movie. The songs were rewritten four to five times since then. Sreevalsan J Menon, the music composer, and myself would dedicate hours on teleconferencing, getting the lyrics right. He would sing the songs over and over again on phone and I would be correcting the lines accordingly. After a span of one and half years we finally emerged with two amazing songs,\" Sherin, currently pursuing her doctorate in Cognitive Science from IIT-Gandhinagar, said.Sherin, who is from Kottayam, feels this contention for nomination has changed her life. \"Of course, I enjoy the fame. And it makes me want to think serious about writing as a career. I have got few offers in hand already. Parents, friends and folks seem to be happy. This is one of the happiest moments in my life.\"The young writer is planning to come out with a collection of short stories in Malayalam early next year. \"I want to take writing more seriously now. Reading was always my inspiration. I read and got inspired to write. It is good to read. Even better to write,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643363", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 speed cameras to pin down night violators", "text": "NEW DELHI: Be careful the next time you speed down the city streets at night, unmindful of the traffic rules due to low traffic police presence. To crack down on speeding and traffic light violators, traffic police are buying \"red speed\" cameras that will be placed at crucial intersections. While cops are not disclosing the location of these intersections in a bid to catch violators unawares, these are expected at points where many violations occur regularly.The cameras will work round the clock and a tender will be floated this week, said an official. Delhi Police will initially procure a dozen such cameras \u00e2\u20ac\u201d costing Rs 1 crore apiece \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and based on their performance, more cameras will be bought for other intersections. Three such cameras were placed earlier in 2005 and around 20,000 violations have been recorded this year.\"The new cameras will be on all four arms of the intersections and will cover each lane,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The cameras, despite their limited use at the moment, have managed to detect 19,373 violations till November 15 this year, of which 5,674 were prosecuted for stop line violations. Another 1,832 were booked for jumping the red light while 5,674 were found speeding. About 5,964 were booked under more stringent sections of dangerous driving and in 436 cases, the violators were booked for both speeding and dangerous driving, states traffic police records.Cops say that they will observe how these cameras aid their traffic enforcement at night and several more will be bought over a period of time. \"Most of the speeding and traffic light violations take place at night, as well as during holiday season. Such violations also occur during non-peak hours as police presence is generally low,\" said a senior traffic cop.Earlier this year, police had started booking violators found speeding under more stringent sections of dangerous driving, which has a provision for jail term as penalty. Cops had decreed that while those found driving at 20 kmph or lesser than the prescribed speed limit will be booked under speeding, those found racing at even higher speeds will be booked under dangerous driving and issued court challans. This is punishable with Rs 1,000 fine and up to six months in jail as per traffic rules.This decision is similar to the decision to push for jail terms for drunken driving that was started in August 2010. \"Recently, several cases of fatal accidents have been a result of reckless over speeding; hence the crackdown,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17648842", "title": "Six trains connecting Dhanbad to different parts of the country will remain cancelled", "text": "DHANBAD: Six trains connecting Dhanbad to different parts of the country will remain cancelled from January 1 to 5 and routes of 14 other trains running through the town will be changed to facilitate route relay inter-locking. According to railways officials here, Patna-Dhanbad Intercity Express and five other trains will be cancelled during the period.Dhanbad-Allepy Express linking Dhanbad to Alphuza in Kerala will originate from Bokaro and terminate there, Dhanbad-Firozpur Satlaj Express will start and end at Parasnath station. Dhanbad-Jamshedpur Subernrekha Express will start from Sindri, Dhanbad-Howarah Black Diamond Express will originate from Asansol, Dhanbad-Pune Dikshabhumi Express will start and end at Gaya and Dhanbad-Jhargram Express will run from Chandrapura station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635399", "title": "Sonam Kapoor's clothes on auction for charity", "text": "Actress Sonam Kapoor , known for her stylish and uber cool dressing, announced Saturday that she will auction some of her clothes online for charity this Christmas .She will auction her clothes on her friend, stylist Pernia Qureshi's online fashion boutique, Pernia's Pop-Up Shop. The proceeds will go towards Smile Foundation, an NGO which works to support poor children.\"Pernia and I wanted to do something for children this season. So we thought it would be great if I give like 50 pieces from my wardrobe and the proceeds go to Smile Foundation,\" Sonam told IANS.The actress wants this money to be used to provide education to children.\"Pernia wanted to associate this with charity and I wanted to do something for education. This will go towards Smile Foundation to educate kids,\" she said.Sonam has been involved in charitable acts earlier as well. But this is the first time she has announced to give away some of her clothes.\"Pernia and me really believe in this. It is a great idea for people to go and check it out. We are waiting for the traffic for all the social networking sites to come there,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17645201", "title": "Was Nurse Jacintha Saldanha chided on email?", "text": "LONDON: In one of the suicide notes left behind by nurse Jacintha Saldanha, who was found dead days after a hoax call to a UK hospital treating Prince William's pregnant wife Kate, she criticized \"aspects of the hospital staff\", and singled out two individuals for blame, the Daily Mail reported on Sunday.Although the hospital has insisted that no senior member of staff blamed Jacintha for falling victim to the prank and provided her with support, it is understood she may have been reprimanded by colleagues through email, it said.The hospital has declined to comment on the notes, saying senior staff had not seen copies.It is believed the original notes are now in the possession of Scotland Yard , which has produced transcripts for the family. Sources close to the family said their relationship with the hospital was strained as senior managers had not provided the \"facts\" they had asked for.Another friend of the family was quoted as saying that Jacintha may have tried to commit suicide more than once in the 72 hours between the prank and the moment her body with injury marks on one of her wrists was discovered by a colleague. \"She may have tried to kill herself more than once \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that's why there are three notes,\" the friend told the paper. In her final letter, Jacintha is believed to have asked to be buried in her home village of Shirwa, near Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644787", "title": "Rowdy killed in Tambaram", "text": "CHENNAI: A 32-year-old man accused of murder was killed in Tambaram on Sunday.Police said Raghu, 32, of Tiruvallurpuram in Tambaram was walking in a narrow lane, a few meters away from his relative's house, when two men started following him. Seeing one of the men taking out a sickle, Raghu ran. But the two men chased Raghu, attacked him and then fled the scene. Police suspect Raghu was murdered due to previous enmity .Raghu was accused of murdering a Sivali alias Sivalingam, another repeated offender, in 2009. After Raghu came out of prison, he left Tiruvallurpuram and moved to Nagapattinam, fearing an attack.On Sunday morning, he came to Tiruvallurpuram to visit his family, when he was murdered. Police suspect the involvement of Sivalingam's gang in the murder.A case has been registered. Raghu's body has been sent to Chromepet Government Hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644241", "title": "3 firms shortlisted for CCTV project", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has short-listed three companies for the ambitious project to install a network of CCTV cameras across the city. State home department officials said Bangalore-based Wipro , Sai Info and AGC are competing for the Rs 864-crore cover plan. \"'We will open tenders as early as possible,\" said an official.Of the 31 interested companies which had taken the request for proposal (RFP) \"to design, supply, commission and implement\" a CCTV surveillance network, a few fell out of the race as the scrutiny committee found the bids did not come in time. Others were not technically up to the mark, said officials.The cover plan for Mumbai appears to have attracted only a handful of IT companies. Sources said the Tatas owned CMC, Bangalore-based Wipro, American technology giant IBM, Shiv Nadar's HCL and Mumbai-based Rolta showed interested in the project. The companies could not be contacted for comments individually.The bidding process was restarted in September-end. Though dozens of companies picked up the RPF, certain clauses in the contract deterred CCTV installation experts like Schneider, Siemens, Honeywell and Johnson Controls from participating.One of the main criteria was that bidders should have revenues only from IT/ITES-related business and that consortiums are not allowed to participate.Typically, such projects require the combined abilities of IT, telecommunications, infrastructure and project management. The clauses have also restricted the participation of telecom companies, said sources.The delay in implementing the project, coupled with inflation, will escalate the project's cost. Potential bidders were also concerned about the limitation of liability as there is an unspecified quantum of penalty for not meeting the service level agreements.The CCTV proposal has been delayed ever since the panel probing the 26/11 attacks recommended installation of security cameras in Mumbai. The last time the government called for an expression of interest (EoI) for installing 6,000 cameras, the process ran into hurdles after doubts over the credibility of a consortium that had bid for the project. The government appointed a panel to look into the row, invite fresh tenders and avoid mistakes it made in previous tenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17644222", "title": "13th SSB battalion to be awarded on December 20", "text": "MOTIHARI: With the seizure of charas worth Rs 13 lakh near Veriharwa BOP on the Indo-Nepal border on Saturday, the 13 Battalion of Sashastra Seema Bal has seized smuggled goods including narcotics and fake currency notes worth around Rs 7 crore in 2012.The 13 Battalion of SSB deployed in East Champaran on the porous Indo-Nepal border stands first in the matter of seizure of foreign goods compared to other SSB battalions deployed on the Indo-Nepal border and Indo-Bhutan border.The commandant of 13th Battalion of SSB, Vikram Singh Thakur, said this battalion has been selected as the best battalion and on December 20, the Union home minister will award it at a function in New Delhi for its outstanding work. The 85 km porous border in East Champaran district is being guarded by SSB jawans.The border has become the main route for cross-border smuggling of foreign goods, narcotics, firearms, fake currency notes, foodgrains and fertilizers.Customs sleuths and SSB jawans are working round-the-clock to check infiltration, smuggling and other anti-national activities, yet smuggling of narcotics and firearms has increased so much that the home ministry team headed by home secretary Raj Kumar Singh has discussed the matter with officials and asked them to check it. However, despite the seizure, the SSB jawans have not been able to arrest a single kingpin or active member.Spurious liquor factory: A police team headed by SP B K Sinha raided village Balha under Chakmaisi police station recently unearthed a spurious liquor manufacturing factory.Police seized huge quantity of illicit liquor manufacturing materials and machines from the spot. The owner of the factory, however, managed to escape. Earlier, the police conducted raids at several places in the district including Khanpur, Tajpur and Kalyanpur and seized several bottles and canes of countrymade and foreign liquor. Police arrested some persons in this connection. The SP said the operation against those engaged in this trade would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647269", "title": "Katrina refuses to shoot without her hairdresser", "text": "It's rare, though not exceptionally so, for Bollywood stars to stand by their loyal staff members. Akshay Kumar's Man-Friday Nitin has been with him for 20 years. And Salman Khan's bodyguard Sheroo has been a part of the star's inner cirle for 15 years.Katrina who admits she has learnt the ropes of career management from Akshay and Salman has also been busy cultivating a core group of trusted staffers whom she needs to be around, specially since she has no family member to depend on in Mumbai. Among them is her hairdresser Promila whom the star trusts for much more than just her hair.Recent reports that Promila had been \"sacked\" by Katrina had made the actress so incensed that she decided to put an end to all speculation on the staff reliability issue. Henceforth Promila gets to do her hair in every film, come what may.To rewind a bit...Katrina Kaif's long-standing hairdresser Promila Hunter is part of her core group of trusted staffers. When recent reports, prompted by Promila's absence from the team associated with Dhoom 3 , suggested that Promila has been sacked the actress was deeply wounded and angry.Vowing to never allow her staff to be a victim of dismissive gossip, Katrina has now decided to ensure that Promila does her hair in every film. This, one hears, would be stipulated in Katrina's contracts\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmuch to to relief joy and gratitude to the veteran hairdresser.Says a close friend of Katrina, \"The speculation about Promilaji no longer being a part of Katrina's inner circle started because the hairdresser had been changed in Dhoom 3 . This was taken to mean that Promila was no longer working with Katrina, when in fact a new hairdresser Meera from London had been brought in because Katrina's hair needed a special kind of treatment in Dhoom 3 where during stunts the tresses don't look distressed. They needed a hairdresser who does shampoo and conditioner ads.\"Apparently the speculation about her hairdresser's sacking made Katrina see red. \"She is not prone to losing her temper. But when reports of Promilaji's dismissal came out Katrina was openly upset. Promilaji has worked with the likes of Rati Agnihotri in the past. That's how senior she is. To read that she has been dismissed, left Katrina very angry,\" says the friend.The actress has now decided that Promila would be doing her hair for all films. And this would be stated in her contracts. Says Katrina's friend, \"In Mumbai there are some people in Katrina's life who are her family away from home. Promilaji is one of them. You don't sack family.\"In fact Katrina who made a guest appearance in Promila Hunter's first production has urged the lady to start another production where Katrina would play a major role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17644807", "title": "Maruti Suzuki told to pay customer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The district consumer disputes redressal forum relied on a report of PEC University of Technology, Chandigarh to hold Maruti Suzuki India Ltd guilty of deficient services and imposed a fine on the company.The forum took the help of PEC University of Technology, Chandigarh to ascertain a technical problem in a car. After inspection, the forum directed the company and its dealership, Berkley to replace the gear box of the vehicle and pay the inspection fee charged by PEC.The complainant, Gurdeep Singh of Sector 12 bought an Alto car from Berkeley automobiles, Industrial Area, in October 2010. He said the engine made a whistling sound whenever the car was driven at a speed of 40 to 50 km/hr in the fourth or fifth gear.\"I lodged many complaints with Berkeley in November, 2010. After a road test, officials said the sound was common in all cars of this model. Dissatisfied with the explanation, I lodged a complaint with Maruti. Company officials came to check the car. They admitted there was sound in the vehicle but said they were unable to rectify the fault,\" said Singh.In its written statement, the opposite party denied the existence of the problem of whistling sound in the engine. They said no abnormality was observed during servicing of the vehicle and minor adjustments were made to the satisfaction of the complainant.To settle the issue, the forum referred the matter to the PEC director on May 24, 2012 to find out if there was a manufacturing defect in the car or not. A special committee tested the vehicle for nearly 10 km and submitted its report on September 7, 2012.The forum cited the report of the expert committee to hold the opposite party in the wrong and stated that they should have acted swiftly to replace the defective part, which they failed to do. According to the forum, this amounts to deficiency on their part.The forum has directed the opposite party to replace the gear-box and pay Rs 22,472 to the complainant as assessed by PEC as inspection fee. Besides, the company was directed to pay Rs 20,000 to the complainant as compensation for mental agony and Rs 7,000 to cover litigation cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17649722", "title": "Indians shine in 2012 as Advani, Aditya hog limelight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pankaj Advani became the youngest Indian sportsperson to win eight world titles while Aditya Mehta was conferred with the prestigious Arjuna Award as Indian cueists rounded off a successful year with quite a few titles coming their way at the international level.Advani, the 'smiling assassin' of Indian cuesport, hogged the limelight when he claimed his seventh World Billiards Championship title after defeating defending champion and seasoned Englishman Mike Russell in the Time format final.His other world title had come in the IBSF World Snooker Championship back in 2003.The win was all the more special for the 27-year-old cueist as he had made the tough choice of picking the World Billiards Championship over International Snooker Championships due to a clash in the dates of the two tournaments.Advani became the first Indian to have qualified for the world's richest pro-snooker tournament -- International Championships -- which was held in October this year in China but missed out on the tournament due to the World Billiards.\"I took a tough decision earlier this year to play both Billiards and Snooker at the highest level, and I am glad that I have been able to maintain top form in both the forms.\"This victory like every other shall be treasured yet has its own special meaning given the unique challenges I have faced this year. This win is a testament that if you follow your heart, nothing's impossible,\" said Advani.Advani said his World Billiards triumph was a \"special\" one as he had to wait for three years to regain it.\"It's a special win for me. It's been a long wait for me, I waited for three years. To be able to keep your motivation level high, to win against a great player like Mike, it's a huge thing for me and I'll cherish the moment,\" he said.Advani also turned professional in Snooker this season and immediately made a mark by defeating the likes of former world number one Steve Davis and John Higgins , besides some other higher ranked players.Advani, the only player in the world to win a Professional World Title in Billiards while participating in the Professional Snooker Circuit in the same year, had earlier successfully retained his national billiards title with an impressive 5-0 win over Bhalchandra Bhaskar in January.The quiet yet hungry teenager from Bangalore also went on to win the 11th English Billiards title in the Asian Championship in April when he defeated Thailand's Thawat Sujaritthurakarn 6-3 in the summit clash.Other notable performer of the year passing by is the India's No.1 snooker player Aditya who received the Arjuna Award in recognition of his outstanding achievements in the field of cuesport.It was as many as seven years ago in 2005 that a Billiards &amp; Snooker player last bagged an Arjuna award and Aditya said that this honour would bring the game back on the country's map.\"It's been a dream come true for me. We have seen all the greats from our sport going ahead and winning this laurel. I always wanted to be a part of something special. After a long time, a cueist has been selected for this honour and I hope this (award) will help our sport,\" Aditya had told PTI.The Mumbai cueist had made everyone take notice of him earlier this year when he had stunned Advani in the final to become only the third Indian ever to clinch the Asian Snooker Championships in Doha.The 27-year-old had brought the Asian championship trophy home after a gap of eight years.Aditya also successfully defended his national snooker title when he outclassed IBSF World No 3 Kamal Chawla 6-2 in the final in February.He also became the second Indian after Advani to qualify for the world's richest pro-snooker tournament Venue Stages in China and reached the main round of the championship.In the women's section, another Bangalorean, R Umadevi suprised all and sundry by claiming her maiden World Women's Billiards Championship title, beating World No 13 Eva Palmius in April. The 47-year-old defeated Palmius, from Isleham, 2-0 at the Cambridge Snooker Centre, England.She also went on to win the National 8-Ball Pool Championship when she defeated compatriot Meenal Thakur 2-0 last month.Others, who also made their presence felt on the green baize, were Shivam Arora and Arantxa Sanchis.In June, Bihar's Shivam and Maharashtra's Sanchis won the men's and women's titles respectively in the National 6-Red snooker tournament.Veteran Devender Joshi reached the semifinals of the Asian Billiards Championship while Maharashtra cueist Dhruv Sitwala entered the last-four stage of the Time Format in the World Billiards Championship in Leeds.Also, West Bengal's Sourav Kothari won the East India Open Snooker championship held in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645158", "title": "Disco timings :Two sub-inspectors face action", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two sub-inspectors were sent to Police Lines, Sector 26 with immediate effect for failing to enforce instructions for disco owners to open discotheques only till 2am on Saturday night. SIs Baljinder Singh and Hans Raj were posted at the Sector 26 police station. Two discos under their jurisdiction were found open till 3am instead of 2am against instructions issued by the Chandigarh police.According to orders issued on December 14, the discos were allowed to remain open till 1am on weekdays and 2am on weekends. Police officials said SI Singh and Raj were attached with two PCR vehicles but PCR personnel told senior officials that discos were not closed at 2am and the sub inspectors did not take action against the disco owners. Timings were changed after three incidents of assault reported outside the discos during the past one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643346", "title": "Now, pay Rs 500 fine if caught littering at stations, in trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: You will now have to pay a fine of up to Rs 500 if caught littering on railways stations or in trains.After the failure of several awareness campaigns, requests and sign boards to convince travellers to keep platforms and trains clean, the Railway Board has decided to prosecute offenders with a fine of up to Rs 500.Throwing garbage , urinating, bathing, defecating, washing utensils and clothes, feeding animals or birds on railway premises \u00e2\u20ac\u201d station buildings, platforms, rail tracks and trains -- will be punishable according to a circular issued by the Railway Board to its zonal heads on Friday.Putting up posters or writing in train compartments or railway premises will be treated as an offence according to the notification issued under Railways Act, 1989. Any one caught defacing railway property will also be penalized, a senior railway official said.According to the new rules, authorized vendors and hawkers will have to make arrangements to keep waste baskets or containers for collecting litter and ensure its proper disposal.To implement the fresh measures, railways has authorized the station master or station manager, any official not below the rank of ticket collector (TC) or any official asked by railway administration to keep an eye on passengers littering on platforms and trains to punish the offenders.The Board has also directed general managers of zonal railways to widely publicize the new rules and penal provisions.\"We had put up display boards and launched cleanliness campaigns appealing for passengers' cooperation to keep platforms and trains clean. But this did not help much. So now, we have decided to implement provisions of the Railway Act and penalize those found littering,\" a senior railway official said, adding that the provision of fine will be implemented properly. \"We are hoping this will yield desired results,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644553", "title": "Cancer patient dies after CT scan", "text": "MUMBAI: A cancer patient died at the state-run GT Hospital soon after undergoing a CT scan on Saturday evening. Relatives of Bhiku Tambe (54) alleged that he died of an infection caused by the dye, injected before carrying out the scan. A probe has been ordered into the incident.Tambe, unaware that he had cancer, was admitted to St George Hospital on December 4 with a complaint of breathlessness. Doctors suspected respiratory distress and advised a pulmonary CT angiography. Since St George does not have this facility, he was taken to nearby GT Hospital. Tambe, however, violated the norm of travelling in an ambulance supposed to be provided by the hospital, and went in a taxi with a relative. His relative alleged that he collapsed within minutes of the scan.Tambe was rushed to the casualty of GT Hospital, which did not have vacant beds. Doctors there sent him back to St George Hospital, where he was declared dead at around 6pm on Saturday. JJ Hospital dean Dr TP Lahane said, \"We have instituted an inquiry to see why the doctors had not sent the body for post-mortem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17643134", "title": "Jonathan Trott helps England grind it out on Day 4", "text": "NAGPUR: England edged closer to a historic series win by ending Day Four of the fourth Test in a position of relative safety on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in PicsAt stumps, they were 161-3, with Jonathan Trott batting on a dogged 153-ball 66 as the visitors carved out a lead of 165 runs. India had, in the morning, declared at 326/9, four short of England's first-innings total.Already 2-1 up in the series, the England batsmen were clearly looking to play out time on this dull Jamtha pitch, and all the onus was on India's bowlers to somehow try and manufacture a result in their favour.With pride at stake, Team India were expected to be aggressive with their strategizing and with England three down for 94, they sensed an opening.But Jonathon Trott survived a probing spell from Ishant Sharma to complete a determined half-century. Along with Bell, Trott steadied the innings as the dull pitch blunted India's efforts.Now, with a day to play, a draw seems the most likely outcome, though India will be hoping for a miracle.While batting in the morning, India's tail seemed to lack intent. Later, when England's openers were batting, there were no fielders in attacking position to put them under pressure.The low, slow pitch seemed to frustrate India and it appeared as if they were waiting for the rival batsmen to make mistakes. The defensive approach cost India whatever initiative they had gained on Day 3.When they batted, both Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha didn't show any urgency. Ashwin refused singles and didn't go for big shots either, leaving everyone wondering about India's tactics.England, naturally, were all too happy to let the Indian innings stretch.They placed the fielders deep for the ninth-wicket pair and after a crawl of 12.5 overs, India managed just 29 runs. At that point MS Dhoni surprisingly declared the innings.Alastair Cook , after scoring tons of runs in the series to put his team ahead, played with the sole purpose of hanging on to the series lead.With the Day Four pitch offering nothing to the bowlers, all that the batsmen needed was to be patient. The opening pair of Cook and Nick Compton batted out 29.5 overs, scoring just 48.India had their moments when Kumar Dharamsena gave Cook out caught behind when the batsman had actually missed the ball, and Compton too fell to a dubious LBW decision from Rod Tucker.Kevin Pietersen's weakness towards left-arm spin was again exposed as he was cleaned up by an arm-ball from Ravindra Jadeja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17643997", "title": "Sunni conference asks Muslims to shun violence", "text": "MUMBAI: The 22nd annual ijtema (congregation) of Sunni Dawat-e-Islami at Azad Maidan ended with prayers and a resolve to peacefully fight violence and injustice and abjure superstitions. Scholars, from India and abroad, asked people not to get misled and follow the tenets of Islam as prescribed by the Quran and the Prophet.Orations, devotional poetry and slogans filled the air even as thousands from Mumbai and the suburbs swelled the ranks of guidance seekers. Young scholar Dr Waqar Azmi, chief adviser on equality issues to former British PM Tony Blair , slammed those who killed innocent people in the name of Islam. \"Evil has taken over the hearts of those who maim innocent children, blow up houses and kill people. It is our duty to help purify those dirty hearts,\" he said. A section of Muslims had gone astray as they had left the Prophet's message behind, he said. \"We must illuminate the hearts of those misguided too,\" said Azmi, the youngest person to have received Order of the British Empire (OBE) honour from the Queen at 30.Earlier, at a session exclusive for women, Allama Qamruzzaman Khan Azmi, secretary general of World Islamic Mission, asked women to shun superstitions and impart moral values to children. \"Your lap is children's first school. It is you who can prevent children from turning violent,\" he said. Quoting Quranic verses and instances from the Prophet's life and his companions, the senior scholar said that women must actively get involved in shaping the character of their children.Question-answer sessions were held and Mufti Nizamuddin Misbahi, chief Mufti (one who gives fatwa) at Islamic University Ashrafiya Mubarakpur, answered several queries. Misbahi said killing unborn babies was unforgivable and the perpetrators would meet Allah's wrath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "17644194", "title": "Tiger kills woman in Dighori forest", "text": "BHANDARA: A woman, who went into Dighori forest in Bhandara district to collect firewood, was killed by a full grown tiger on Saturday afternoon. The deceased Chhaya Deshpande (28) hailed form Manegaon village in Lakhandur taluka.Chhaya, along with some other women, had gone to Dighori forest to collect the firewood when a lurking tiger pounced on her. As she cried for help, the other women who accompanied her ran from the spot. But Nanda Kathane, a member of the group, started shouting loudly to drive the tiger away. But the beast attacked Nanda. She, however, braved the assault with the help of a bamboo basket and saved her life. After some minutes the tiger retreated but dragged Chhaya's lifeless body to some 30 meters.Deceased Chhaya is survived by son and daughter. Range forest officer CJ Mahakalkar informed that the forest department announced a compensation of Rs2 lakh to Chhaya's family. Rs10,000 were given for performing last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17644870", "title": "Medical camps for schools a farce?", "text": "MADURAI: Despite the health and family welfare department of the state government emphasising to conduct medical check-ups in all government and government-aided schools, thrice in a year, health officials are not evincing interest in visiting the hospitals as stipulated by the government.All the students should be screened and their medical records should be maintained for future reference and follow-up. The students should be provided with required treatment and medicine, whenever there is a need. In case the student needs speciality treatment, he or she should be referred to a nearby speciality hospital.The check-ups are aimed to prevent childhood diseases which lead to serious illnesses that affects students' education and development.While majority of the schools in the city are visited by the medical team at least once in a year, there are many schools in rural areas, where the camps are not conducted even once in a year. A 12th standard student studying at the Alanganallur Government Boys Higher Secondary School said that a medical check-up was conducted two years back when he was studying 10th standard. \"My sons are studying in the government middle school in Kottaimedu village in Alanganallur taluk. No medical camp is conducted in the school,\" said S Arumugam, a father of two of Kottaimedu.Similarly, a 10th standard boy of government high school in Peraiyur block said that no medical camp was conducted in the school last year. No camp was conducted when dengue was prevalent in the entire district.Though school children healthcare programme is in place, it is hardly followed, said an assistant headmaster of an higher secondary school run by the Madurai Corporation. The system is in place for early detection of diseases and treatment for the students. But due to the poor implementation, the purpose of the system is not served, she said. The doctor used to visit the school only once in a year for medical check-up. The camp would be conducted merely for namesake, she added.A headmaster of a corporation middle school said that the medical team, which visited only once last year, has done nothing worthwhile. They just distributed some vitamin tablets randomly, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647713", "title": "I am here to stay: Salman Yusuff Khan", "text": "Choreographer-turned-actor Salman Yusuff Khan, who is making his silver screen debut with Remo D'Souza's \" ABCD - AnyBody Can Dance\", says he wants to do good work and is here to stay.\"I am working super hard and putting in every bit. I want to do quality work and will stay in the industry. I am open to doing any kind of role, but it has to be a good one,\" Salman told IANS.\"ABCD - AnyBody Can Dance\" releases Feb 8 next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17648817", "title": "NRHM team to visit state today", "text": "RANCHI: A team of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) will visit Jharkhand on a three-day tour starting Monday to discuss next year's programme implementation plan (PIP) in the state. The funding of the PIP is done by the Centre which sends teams to know the status of the plans before releasing the money. after which they will give the nod for the funding of these plans and also the total fund required for these plans.Director in-chief (health) P Chandra said the team would visit headquarters of all five divisions - South Chaotanagpur, North Chotanagpur, Kolhan, Palamu and Santhal Pargana. \"Every year, we prepare and discuss the PIP after which we start working on various health programmes. First, we prepare the block health action plan which will be compiled and then the district health action plan will be prepared.The team members will review these action plans and also suggest if some changes are required. Once the suggestions are incorporated, a final drafting of the health action plan will be done,\" he said. The six-member team will visit the five divisions and have discussions with local health officers and workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17642872", "title": "Kerala Volleyball C'ship: Wayanad, Thiruvananthapuram champions", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: In a stunning upset, Wayanad men, loaded with Kerala Police stars, beat defending champions Ernakulam in straight sets 25-21, 25-19, 25-22 in the final of the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship at Sulthan Bathery floodlit stadium on Sunday.In the women's event, Thiruvananthapuram retained their title beating Kozhikode in a four-set match 25-19, 23-25, 25-23, 25-17.Wayand captain and setter Manu V was thrilled after the surprise win. \"I feel great to lead such a side. We are winning the state championship for the first time and it's a nice feeling,\" said Manu.Ratheesh KS and Praveen were the stars for Wayanad and they were well supported by Hafeel KP. Ernakulam's Tom Joseph, Vibin M George and Kishor Kumar were off-colour in the summit clash as they surrendered the match in less than an hour.In the women's final, Kozhikode women, all charged up after their brilliant victory over Kollam in the semifinal on Saturday, put in their best effort. But that was not good enough to beat a formidable Thiruvananthapuram.Crowd-favourites Kozhikode, comprising mainly of MG University players, levelled the score three times at 5-5, 8-8 and 9-9 in the first set.But Jomol PJ, match winner for Thiruvananthapuram in the quarterfinal and semifinal, rose to the occasion and earned a crucial two-point lead through her serves to make it 12-10 in defending champions' favour.Kozhikode counterattacked and reduced the lead to just one point at 19-20 but Thiruvananthapuram's Bijina NP held her serve and bagged the first set for her side.Kozhikode women surprised everyone with their performance in the second set and denied Thiruvananthapuram any chance to take the upper hand in the first half of the set.Thiruvananthapuram fought back to make it 19-16 but Kozhikode's Sruthy Johny and their setter Aswathi E were equal to the challenge and clinched the set to make it 1-1.Kozhikode were racing to snatch the third set too with a twelve-point lead at one stage, but Thiruvananthapuram made a dramatic comeback through Tiji Raju and Jomol and levelled the score at 23-23. Captain Alphonsa MJ scored two points with her cheeky drop shots and stole the set from Kozhikode girls.Kozhikode could not recover from the shock of losing the third set and made many unforced errors in the fourth set.Alphonsa, Tiji and Thiruvananthapuram's veteran Sheeba PV combined well in the fourth set to take a four-point lead at 20-17. Jomol showed her brilliance again in the final moments and held her serve till the end to take the set and match.Thiruvananthapuram's coach Prajisha MK was very excited after their 11th title in the past 12 years. \"We came here to win and we did it again. Jomol and Tiji were exceptional throughout the event and it's a big moment for us,\" said Prajisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17664876", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor: Not without my hoodies", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor seems to have taken a liking for hoodies of late. While the sweatshirt with a hood is a favourite with Hollywood celebs, especially the likes of Ryan Gosling and Ryan Reynolds , apna desi hunk is not lagging behind.Ranbir has been spotted wearing his favourite Barcelona hoodie on most occasions... from gym launches to airports. Flaunting his loyalty towards the famous Spanish football club, the actor was even spotted wearing a Barca jersey while playing a charity football match with Chelsea fan Abhishek Bachchan in Mumbai. Hats off to the hottie for making casual look 'cool'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17644396", "title": "Priest killed, friend hurt in mishap", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A young Parsi priest was killed and his friend seriously injured while riding a bike on the Palm Beach Road early on Sunday.The deceased, Kaiwan M Dastoor (22), resided in Dadar's Parsi Colony while his injured friend, Cherag Soli Desai (20), is a TYBCom student of Viva College in Virar. Desai is in the ICU of MGM Hospital in CBD Belapur.According to the CBD police, the two youths were riding a bike a little after 4am from Vashi to Belapur on Sunday. The fatal mishap occurred at 4.10am when the bike approached the main traffic junction at Killegaothan in CBD. \"A vehicle has crashed into the motorcycle and then sped away in the cover of darkness. We have registered a case of rash and negligent driving against the unknown driver,\" said an officer at CBD police station. An FIR has been registered under the IPC sections 279, 304 (A), 337, 338, 427 and under the Motor Vehicles Act sections 184 and 134.The body of the deceased was badly smashed by the unknown vehicle; and he suffered multiple fractures, including skull injuries. Cherag escaped with injuries on his face, hands and upper torso, along with internal bleeding.When asked what the two youths were doing so early in the morning on Palm Beach Road, an officer said that possibly the two friends had come there to enjoy a bike ride on the smooth road. They were reportedly together for a function at Dadar Parsi Colony in Mumbai on Saturday night.At MGM Hospital, Cherag's father Soli Desai told TOI: \"I was away in Nashik on Saturday. My son had only told the other family members in Virar that he is going to Dadar Parsi Colony for a programme. So we really don't know how they came to Navi Mumbai after that programme in Dadar.\"Desai said his son has suffered face and chin fractures, and also internal blood clots in the lungs. He has also been put on multiple ventilators in the ICU to regulate his breathing.Palm Beach Road is a \"killer stretch\"In the past four years, there have been over 300 mishaps, killing over 50 persons. This year, 10 have died in 50 accidents on the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17645416", "title": "Half marathon: 82-year-old wins in sr group", "text": "RAIPUR: Acing all others in the fray 82-year-old Manguram from Khamariya became the champion in the senior citizen category in the half marathon in Naya Raipur to mark the occasion of Vijay Diwas.Over 8000 participated in the Half Marathon on Vijay Diwas, a day celebrated to mark India's military victory in Bangladesh. The unprecedented participation was result of the untiring efforts of the state government, Chhattisgarh Olympic Association and the Indian Army, joint organizers of half marathon.The marathon had nine categories including men, women, children, senior, differently abled and so on. Ritu Paul became the women champion winning Rs 1 Lakh for her feat.In the wheel chair category Mahendu kumar came first. While Arvind Kumar won the men's category and ensured he sustained his reputation as a five time winner of Chhattisgarh Half Marathon. The half marathon was flagged of by Governor Shekhar Dutt from the International Cricket Stadium in Naya Raipur. Captain Bana Singh, recipient of Paramveer Chakra, several veterans and family members of the martyrs of the 1971 Indo-Pak war were also felicitated by the Governor.Chief Minister Raman singh , minister for culture and tourism Brij mohan agrawal, sports and youth welfare secretary K Subramamaniam , Brig. Baldev Mahta of Chhattisgarh Orissa Sub Area (COSA), Raipur Mayor Kiranmayee Nayak were among those present on the occasion and Chhattisgarh Olympic Association president Baldev Singh Bhatia were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "17643136", "title": "Discoms, HPGCL play blame game", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Following continuous power failures in Gurgaon and Panchkula on Saturday and Sunday, a blame game has started between the power distribution and generation companies.Gurgaon residents witnessed around 10 unannounced power cuts since Saturday morning till Sunday morning. Similarly, Panchkula residents faced around eight unannounced power cuts, forcing some of the industries to opt for captive power to complete the production targets.For the past two days, Haryana recorded an average electricity supply of around 4000MW. However, the demand goes up to around 5000MW in the night. The demand and supply gap of around 1000MW is the reason behind power cuts, said V K Gupta, an office-bearer of Haryana Power Engineers Association, a unit of AIPEF. With the winter setting in, the distribution companies have recorded a substantial fall in demand for power during day time while the consumption goes up in the night time as people switch on heaters, he said.Officials in electricity distribution companies - Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) and Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) - blamed Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) for not providing the generation schedule in advance. They also blamed Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam (HVPN) for forcing unannounced power cuts. \"We don't get their production scheduled in advance. Had we been getting the schedule in advance we would have planned the short-term purchase through open bidding. Since we don't get information in time, we are not able to make arrangements through spot buying as bidding is open for two hours in the morning,'' a DHBVN officer said.HPGCL officials, however, blamed Discoms' failure in assessing the demand during winters for the power cuts. They also denied any kind of mismanagement or power shortage as far as generation is concerned.\"So far as power supply during peak load hours in the morning and evening is concerned, depending upon requirement the Discoms have to make the arrangements. Except for emergency breakdowns, which cannot be predicted, we release our production targets and schedule on weekly basis,'' said a director of HPGCL. Devender Singh, chairman-cum-managing director of DHBVN and UHBVN admitted the power cuts but blamed it on some \"operational'' and \"functional'' issues. \"We have taken a number of measures to ensure smooth supply in future,'' he said. Anurag Aggarwal, CMD, HPGCL and HVPN, too, maintained that situation will improve in future. ,\"Since Central Electricity Regulatory commission banned over-drawing of power during peak hours, the state load dispatch centre is forced to impose cuts, which is beyond our control,'' Aggarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644389", "title": "Work on hawkers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 zone yet to begin", "text": "PATNA: The proposal of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) for creating 15 hawkers' zone in the state capital is still pending as the urban development and housing department has assigned the task of two pilot projects -- at Rajvanshi Nagar and Kankarbagh -- in this regard to the Department for International Development (DFID), a UK-based agency.A DFID official, who did not wish to be quoted, said, \"PMC could not provide us any land to develop the plan. The city roads and footpaths are heavily encroached and the DFID has no power to remove encroachments. It is the duty of PMC and district administration to provide us place to start the project.\"Urban development minister Prem Kumar had, in July, announced that the state government would create vending zones for the street vendors as per the National Policy on Urban Street Vendors, 2009. He had cited the example of Motihari where the construction of vending zone was going on.The DFID official said the PMC had provided them a plot at Rajvanshi Nagar while the one at Kankarbagh was yet to be sanctioned. It was supposed to develop two pilot projects, at Rajvanshi Nagar and Kankarbagh. But the land allotment issue slowed down the whole process.However, a PMC official said, \"PMC is not the nodal agency. So, we are not responsible for the delay in the project. The DFID has been made the nodal agency for setting up hawkers' corners and PMC has already allotted them land at Rajvanshi Nagar. They could have started their project there.\"He also apprehended that the hawkers were doing brisk business on the prominent city roads and would certainly not leave their respective places if they were not given proper place for doing business.But the DFID official argues, \"The PMC officials were supposed to carry out the digital survey of the proposed area. This step includes taking images and signature of the residents of the locality stating that they don't have objection to the setting up of the vending zone which PMC officials failed to provide.\"The 15 identified vending zones are near GPO roundabout, in front of planetarium, Income Tax roundabout, Rajvanshi Nagar, near Heart Hospital and Shivaji Park at Kankarbagh, Sheikhpura, Bailey Road, Krishna Nagar, Indira Nagar, Krishnapuri Park, Bahadurpur Housing Colony and near Hindi Sahitya Sammelan Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644756", "title": "RTE in areas of conflict", "text": "The Right to Education Act (RTE) mandates that every child has the fundamental right to free and compulsory elementary education in India. March 31, 2013, is the deadline set for full implementation of the Act. However, several challenges need to be overcome, especially to provide education for children in areas of conflict.In the Indian context, three regions experience varying degrees of conflict - Maoist-affected areas, Jammu and Kashmir and the Northeast. 'Development Challenges in Extremist Affected Areas,' a report of an Expert Group of the Planning Commission (2008) indicated that 182 districts in 20 states are affected by Maoist insurgency, while J&K; and NE have been facing strife for many years now.A two-day National Consultation on Education in Areas Affected by Civil Strife was held in the Capital recently. \"Although there have been challenges, it is heartening to see the efforts made by the community, government and civil society organisations in enabling children to continue schooling. The importance of community participation , making schools 'Zones of Peace' and focusing on special groups like orphans and internally displaced children are some lessons that need to be shared and scaled,\" said Urmila Sarkar, chief of education, Unicef-India office.The consultation was inaugurated by MM Pallam Raju, minister of Human Resources Development , and was jointly organised by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), National University of Educational Planning &amp; Administration (NUEPA) and Unicef. The consultation discussed the issues and challenges of implementing RTE in areas affected by civil strife with a focus on advancing quality education with equity.The most vulnerable group in areas of conflict is children. \"Any kind of emergencies - be it natural disasters or civil strife - affects their homes, upsets their daily life, availability of food, education and health, among other factors. They are at risk to injuries, disease, malnutrition , and recruitment to the armed forces, sexual abuse, and so on. They are caught between competing ideologies and their education suffers,\" said Sanjeev Rai, national manager, education , Save the Children India.Focusing on the critical need for quality education in these areas , Dhir Jhingran, RTE National Co-ordinator , RTE Monitoring Cell, NCPCR, said: \"There is a need to have a different cadre of teachers to engage with children affected by strife. We need to prepare this cadre that will understand the children's particular needs and promote learning through quality teaching. We need to review and revamp pre and in-service teacher training for teachers in these areas.\" Expressing similar views, Venita Kaul, director, Centre for Early Childhood Education and Development , Ambedkar University, Delhi, reiterated that teachers must be given incentives to encourage them to work in areas of conflict.When it comes to implementation of RTE in conflict areas, one must keep in mind that there is conflict within and outside the school. One has to understand the roots of violence through research . According to Sarkar, there is a need to have state-level dialogues to understand the context and develop effective policies. \"We also need to learn from good practices. In Nepal , all parties involved in the conflict discussed and came out with a code of conduct. Schools were promoted as peace zones,\" she added. Over 100 representatives from central and state government , civil society organisations, media, UN agencies, academicians and community members participated in the consultation, a culmination of a year-long work of a National Steering Committee convened by NCPCR, NUEPA and Unicef.Key recommendationsSchools need to become inclusive spaces and examine the violence within the schools, that comes from discrimination in various forms Harmonise different teacher cadre, ensure appropriate remuneration and facilities, security, psycho-social care for teachers Issues of child protection, health and psycho-social care need to be addressed Effective multi-layered child tracking system a must Community participation and role of school management committees and gram panchayats critical in ensuring schooling for children Need to build a cadre of community mobilisers/facilitators who can work both with community and the system Promote engagement of youth as mobilisers, role models &amp; champions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17645226", "title": "Why Pakistan won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t act against JuD chief Hafiz Saeed", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik's failed bid in Delhi to neutralize Jamaat-ud Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed's role in the 2008 Mumbai attacks appears to be part of the government's policy of appeasement of rightwing forces, which influences the thinking of people across Pakistan and spreads hatred against India.The Pakistan government's cautious approach towards Saeed-led extremist elements is well understood. Over the past two decades, these forces got entrenched in Pakistani society without any resistance from the state. In fact, observers link the massive accumulation of power by hardliners with the state's overt and covert support.\"However, it all changed with 9/11 that shrank space for religious extremism as instruments of state policy,\" said analyst Amir Mateen. But, by then, intolerance and religious fanaticism had entered into the bone and marrow of the Pakistani society, he added.Aware of JuD's strength back home, Malik adopted soft approach towards Saeed citing lack of evidence against him, which could stand up to legal scrutiny. \"If India had provided hard evidence against Saeed, nobody could've stopped Pakistan from acting against him,\" Malik said during his three-day visit to India.But circumstances in Pakistan indicate that it was not easy for Malik to act against Saeed. At a single call, he can pull thousands of supporters out on the streets in Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkwa.JuD's influence over government's decision-making can be judged from the recent backtracking of the Punjab government when it had to drop the idea of renaming Lahore's Shadman Chowk after freedom fighter Bhagat Singh, who was hanged there in 1931, due to the group's strong opposition to the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644095", "title": "CPI (Maoist) marks PLGA anniversary with mass contact programmes", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time since the PLGA (People's Liberation Guerrilla Army) came into being, the Central Military Commission of the CPI (Maoist), facing heavy offensive from the government for over a year now, asked people to propagate the Maoist cause and counter the government's campaign against them in a political manner rather than going for armed action.The party, which usually calls a \"bandh\" to commemorate the anniversary of PLGA - set up on December 2, 2000 -- in a statement issued on November 30 decided against calling a bandh this time and asked for more mass contact programmes. The party had, in fact, warned against bandh being called in the name of Maoists. Till last year, bandhs were called in Maoist-dominated areas to show the underground party's might and popularity.The movement has lost a number of its top leaders like Kishenji to the crackdown by government forces in the last two years. This seems to be the obvious reason for the underground party to adopt a change in tactics.For the first time in 12 years, the party's call was for \"conducting meetings, rallies and demonstrations on a large scale in each and every village to propagate the political aim of the people's war waged by the PLGA and to defeat 'Operation Green Hunt'. The statement was issued by Deoji on behalf of the Central Military Commission of the CPI (Maoist).The Maoist party claims that the mass contact programmes are meant to counter government measures like setting up \"400 fortified police stations in the four tri-junctions - AP-Chhattisgarh-Maharashtra, AP-Chhattisgarh-Odisha, Chhattisgarh-Jharkhand-Odisha and Odisha-West Bengal-Jharkhand, speeding up preparations from drone (UAV) attacks and concentrating on annihilating leadership on the field\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17644877", "title": "Sub-court rejects adheenam\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea against possible takeover", "text": "MADURAI: The principal sub-judge has rejected a petition filed by the head of madurai adheenam, arunagirinatha guru gnanasambanda desikar against the case filed by the hindu religious and charitable endowments (HR&CE;) department.The commissioner of HR&CE; department had filed a case seeking the removal of Desikar from his post as the 292nd pontiff of the adheenam for violations under the Tamil Nadu HR&CE; Act.According to it, Desikar had allegedly sold two properties belonging to the mutt at a lower price in the year 1995.Besides, he had formed a trust along with Nithyananda without obtaining approval from the HR&CE; department.In the petition, the commissioner also sought direction to take over the charge of adheenam, until a new head is appointed.Seeking a stay on this case,Desikar filed a petition before the judge. When the matter came up for hearing before the judge on last Thursday, the judge adjourned the matter to Saturday for disposal after hearing arguments of both the sides.On Saturday, the judge took up the matter and passed orders rejecting the adheenam head's petition and adjourned the matter to January 17, according to government pleader A Tamilselvam.Meanwhile, another petition filed by Nithyananda raising objections over the original suit, filed by Madurai adheenam was also rejected by the principal sub-court, the government pleader said.In his suit, Madurai adheenam has demanded that Nithyananda and his followers should not be allowed to enter into the Saivite mutt.He also prayed that the sub-registrar of Madurai South should be directed to cancel the registration of the trust that was formed in collaboration with Nithyananda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17649447", "title": "Capital Hospital changes ICU admission norms", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Capital Hospital will hold treating doctors accountable for shifting patients to ICUs contrary to the prevalent practice of patients' attendants organizing such transfers after being referred by doctors. The step was followed by the death of a hospital employee waiting for intensive care on Friday.Hospital's chief medical officer Dr Sudarshan Das said if a doctor refers someone to ICU, he or she will coordinate with the ICU in-charge to ensure that the patient is shifted there.\"Without coordination among doctors, there are chances of a communication gap in the ongoing practice of patients doing the running around,\" the CMO told TOI.After a ward attendant, Ramrup Sethi, of the hospital died on Friday, members of the Class IV employees union had alleged that he was denied a bed in the ICU though at least two other patients coming to the hospital later than him were admitted to the ICU.\"During preliminary inquiry, we found that the treating doctor referred the employee to the ICU. But at that point of time when attendants of the patient checked with the ICU staff, there was no vacancy in the five-bed facility. Subsequently, two beds fell vacant. But the ICU in-charge could not realize that the employee was in a queue and allotted it to two other serious patients,\" the CMO said.To avoid reoccurrence of such a situation, the hospital has proposed certain procedures to the health department, Dash said.The CMO added that whenever a patient is referred to the ICU of the hospital, its log will be marinated in the ICU so that critical patients in queue can be identified readily.Similarly, the treating physician will then and there coordinate with the ICU to ensure critical patients treated by them get a bed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649218", "title": "Tiny stroke could bring on Alzheimer's", "text": "The blockage of a tiny blood vessel in the brain can alter behaviour, even bringing on dementia and Alzheimer's in the long run, says a new finding .\"I am afraid that tiny strokes in our patients contribute- over the long term- to illness such as dementia and Alzheimer's,\" said Patrick D. Lyden, study co-author and head of neurology, Cedars-Sinai Medical Centre in Los Angeles .\"This data shows us, for the first time, that even a tiny stroke can lead to disability. Better tools will be required to tell whether human patients suffer memory effects from the smallest strokes,\" added Lyden, the journal Nature Neuroscience reports.\"It was surprising that blocking one small vessel could have a discernable impact on the behaviour of a rat,\" said Andy Y. Shih, who completed this work as a postdoctoral fellow in physics at the University of California , San Diego .Working with rats, Shih, now assistant professor at the Medical University of South Carolina and colleagues, used laser light to clot blood at precise points within small blood vessels, according to a statement issued by the University of California , San Diego.When they looked at the brains up to a week later, they saw tiny holes reminiscent of the widespread damage in the brains of dementia patients, as seen during autopsy.These micro-lesions are too small to be detected with conventional MRI scans, which have a resolution of about a millimetre. Nearly two dozen of these small vessels enter the brain from a square mm of the brain surface.\"It's controversial whether that sort of damage has consequences, although the tide of evidence has been growing as human diagnostics improve,\" said David Kleinfeld, professor of physics and neurobiology, who led the research group.To see whether such minute damage could change behaviour, the scientists trained thirsty rats to leap from one platform to another in the dark to get water.The rats readily jump if they can reach the second platform with a paw or their snout, or stretch farther to touch it with their whiskers.Many rats can be trained to rely on a single whisker if the others are clipped. If they can't feel the far platform, however, the rats will not budge.\"The whiskers line up in rows and each one is linked to a specific spot in the brain,\" Shih said. \"By training them to use just one whisker, we were able to distill a behaviour down to a very small part of the brain.\"FDA-approved drug memantine, prescribed to slow one aspect of memory decline associated with Alzheimer's disease, was found effective in making the rats more alert and active.The brains of rats that received the drug found fewer signs of damage, and the rats were also better able to negotiate gaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643012", "title": "CM makes announcements for police; lack of facilities at commissionerate and at other levels unnoticed", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister, Ashok Gehlot announced to increase the strength of police constables from 45 to 60, however, many posts in Jaipur police commissionerate are still lying vacant. Gehlot made the announcements at the Rajasthan Police Academy function on Saturday including opening of a police training institute in Bharatpur, but said that the police still lack the basic wherewithal.Likewise, many police stations across the state are working with a strength of only 15-16 policemen. Some of the cells introduced by the commissionerate are being run by merely one or two police officers.According to sources, the posts of three deputy commissioner of police (DCP) including DCP (East), DCP (West) and DCP (Crime) have been lying vacant for months. Similarly, the posts of 11 assistant commissioners of police (ACP), 39 inspectors and nearly 300 sub-inspectors are lying vacant under the Jaipur police commissionerate. In the Jaipur police commissionerate there is also a scarcity of at least 1,200 constables.Some of the retired police officers also said that in a scenario where the state government aimed to increase the strength of a police station to 60, it should also be considered that many police stations have a minimum strength of less than 15 policemen.\"In many police stations in the state there is a staff of less than 15 policemen. Posts have been lying vacant for years. In Jaipur itself except for Manak Chowk, Kotwali, Malviya Nagar, Shipra Path, Sanganer Sadar and Ashok Nagar the majority of police station are short-staffed,\" said a senior police officer.A retired director general of police said, \"Be it any state government, Congress or BJP, it has been seen that the government starts economizing when it comes to give something to the police department. Every department is getting financial aid for infrastructue facilities, however, when it comes to police, nothing much is given for modernization.\"Sources added that commissioner of police, BL Soni and other authorities had verbally and official sought the required wherewithal including the filling of the vacant posts, however. they got only assurances.Soni when contacted said, \"Many posts which have been lying vacant for a long time would be filled soon. We have been intimated by the senior authorities that we will certainly get the required postings on the vacant posts within some time. I feel increasing the strength of the police station is desperately needed and it would make police more efficient,\" Soni added.Many of the cells including cyber cell, missing cell, theft and burglary, IT and communication are yet to start working properly due to lack of manpower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17649452", "title": "Splash of colors at Bokaro Competition.", "text": "BOKARO: The painting competition organized in town on Sunday witnessed record number of participants with more than 16,000 students from 140 schools display their art and creativity. The drawing competition organized annually by Sakha Sahyaog Suraksha Samiti in Majdoor Maidan, Sector-IV amazed everyone. The chief guest, CEO, Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), Anutosh Maitra, inaugurated the function.President of Jharkhand Chatra Morcha (JCM), Basant Soren, chairperson of Chas Municipal Corporation (CMC), Ganga Bhalotia and other dignitaries of the town were also present at the event. On witnessing the huge turnout of students, Maitra appreciated the samiti members for organizing such a mega event.\"It is one of the biggest drawing competitions of the state. The huge number of students participating in it is a record in itself,\" said Soren.The children, according to their age, were divided into five groups by the organizers. They sketched on different topics. The students of Class IX and X were asked to draw a scene where a person was lying injured on a road which was enveloped in fog. Class VII and VIII students were asked to draw a scene where deprived people are seen sitting in front of the fire during winter.Students of Class IV to VI were asked to sketch a girl while she is skipping with the help of a rope. The kids of Class II and III were asked to draw a picture of two parrots sitting on a branch of a tree. Nursery to Class-I children were free to draw as they like.Khusi Kumari, a Class VII student, said \"I like participating in drawing competitions. Although I draw well, I would say the competition was tough with so many students participating in it.\" The competition ended within three hours. The results will be announced in January by a panel of judges comprising drawing teachers from five different schools.General secretary of the samiti, B K Choudhary said the competition is organized every year and is the biggest drawing competition of the district. Children enjoy participating in it and wait for the competition eagerly. \"The number of participants has increased this year. Students from all schools whether government, private or BSL-run-schools have participated in the competition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644409", "title": "Italy minister visits naval guards in Kochi, expresses faith in Supreme Court", "text": "KOCHI: The Italian government on Sunday expressed faith in the Indian legal system, days after it had resented the 'delay' in delivering the judgment on a plea requesting the Supreme Court to quash the FIR filed against two marines for allegedly killing two fishermen off the Kerala coast.Speaking to reporters here after meeting the marines Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Gironi, Italian defence minister Giampaolo Di Paolo said, \"We respect the Supreme Court of India. We are confident that the case will be solved according to national laws, international justice.\"The marines, now on bail, have been put up in a city hotel. Earlier last week, Italy had summoned India's ambassador in Rome and expressed \"strong disappointment\" over the delay in delivering the judgment by the SC on its plea to quash the FIR registered by the Kerala police in the February 15 murder case. Italy had contended that the SC had not ruled on the case even three months after the hearing had ended.Di Paolo, who arrived by a chartered aircraft from Herat, a province in Afghanistan said, \"I came here to meet the two Italian marines. They are in active duty. It is my responsibility to come here. They are still on a mission. They are supporting a mission.\"To a question on whether the marines would make it to Italy to celebrate Christmas with their family, the minister said, \"Nobody more than India knows the values of festivities. For us Christmas is our biggest festival. We are confident that the Indian people will understand this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645095", "title": "Over 50% quota possible in Haryana, state backward panel member says", "text": "Amid confusion over Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led government's in-principle acceptance of 10% reservation for five castes, including Jats, Haryana Backward Classes Commission member Jai Singh Bishnoi has claimed that there was no legal hurdle in extending the quota beyond 50% in Haryana. In an interview with Sukhbir Siwach , Bishnoi explained the complexities and history of Jat quota issue.Question: Can reservation in government jobs and educational institutions be extended beyond 50%?Answer: As per para 810 of the SC judgment delivered in 1992 in the Indra Sawhney case, more than 50% reservation can be given in extraordinary situations. Such reservation can be given keeping in view the residents of far flung areas, population living away from the mainstream and in special conditions.Q: If over 50% quota can be given, then why is there so much confusion?Tamil Nadu has already given 69% reservation while on the similar lines Rajasthan has also decided to give 54% reservation. No confusion should be spread on this issue with false information.Q: Don't you think reservation to more and more communities would eliminate the importance of existing quota for certain castes?To safeguard the interests of castes already enjoying benefits of reservation, we have made provision for additional 10% reservation to five castes -- Jats, Bishnois, Jat Sikhs, Rors and Tyagis -- in OBC category.Q: You will be able to satisfy all sections of the society by extending job quota to more and more castes?It is the commission's aim to provide justice to all sections of the society to uplift the social stature of all castes. The commission will conduct fresh survey to provide 10% additional reservation for weaker sections in four more castes Punjabis, Baniyas (Aggarwal), Brahmins and Rajputs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648107", "title": "'Ishkq In Paris' to release in 2013", "text": "Preity Zinta's comeback film \"Ishkq In Paris\", which has been getting delayed for various reasons, will see the light of the day next year.\"For all of you asking ' Ishkq In Paris ' will release in 2013. We got delayed finishing it due to my director falling sick. Besides that it looks great,\" Preity tweeted Sunday.Whatever may have been the reason for its delay, the actress is quite positive about it.\"Sometimes we have no control over life and destiny! I believe things happen for a reason. 'Ishkq In Paris' gets more special to me now,\" the 37-year-old further posted.' Ishkq In Paris ', an Indo-French project, is Preity's first production venture, where she plays a half-Indian, half-French girl who falls in love in one of the most expensive cities in the world.Directed by Prem Soni, it also features French actress Isabelle Adjani and newcomer Rhehan Malliek", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645926", "title": "DPS Mathura Road organises MunqsMun \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 2012", "text": "DPS Mathura Road organised a three-day event MunqsMun-2012. Around 400 delegates from over 35 schools of Delhi and NCR participated. The event provided a platform for debate and negotiation. The event consisted of six committees. The delegates debated upon different agendas and reached significant solutions and formed resolutions.The closing ceremony started off with a singing performance by the school choir. After which school principal MI Hussain addressed the gathering. The chief guest for the day was Ashok Chandra , chairman DPS Society. Modern School, Barakhamba Road and Ryan International School, Mayur Vihar was awarded with 'best delegation' awards and numerous other individual awards were given away. MUN co-ordinator Neelam Mainrai gave the vote of thanks. Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Vasant Vihar celebrated its 33annual day on December 7.The chief guest Revered Swami Nikhilananda blessed the occasion with his presence. The programme was a blend of culture and tradition portrayed by the school students in a showcase of dance and drama. School principal Dr AK Bose presented the annual report encapsulating the major events and achievements of the Vidyalaya in the session 2011-12.Meritorious students were felicitated for their excellent academic performance. Students of St Froebel Sr Sec School, Paschim Vihar took out a rally on 'Save the Girl Child' in collaboration with International Association of Lions' club (distt- 321 A3). They looked confident in different professional attires depicting their prominence in the making of society and in building of a great nation like India. GD Goenka Public School, East Delhi celebrated its annual day on December 7. The function commenced with the lamp lighting ceremony by the chief guest Arvinder Singh Lovely (minister of urban development, revenue, local bodies , Gurudwara elections and administration ). The senior students presented a ballet Aprajita Tumi. This was followed by reading of the annual school report. Achievers, both individuals and teams were honoured by the chief guest and guest of honour.Administrator, Indian Foreign Services, Reena Pandey also attended the function. Naresh Kumar, member of the school management, proposed the vote of thanks. DPS Noida, under the aegis of DPS Society , organised the All India inter-DPS heritage festival 'Itihaas Ke Jharokhey Se' on December 7. Twenty schools from Delhi/NCR participated in 'Festive Rasoi ' in which they selected a regional or religious festival of India and the special cooking took place on the occasion. The highlight of the event was the release of 'Book of Ideas' , a compilation of the research based project work of students on various types of sarees. Another initiative taken by DPS Society was a programme 'Adopt a monument' , a project aimed at conserving and preserving the national monuments. The competitions were adjudged by eminent judges in their respective fields. School chairperson Dr Sharda Nayak, chairman DPS Society Ashok Chandra and principal Kamini Bhasin were also present. Army Public School, Delhi Cantt celebrated its 22annual day and prize distribution ceremony. The chief guest for the day was Lt Gen Subroto Mitra, SM, VSM, GOC Delhi area. School principal Usha Saini presented the annual report showcasing the achievements of students in various fields. The guest of honour, Pushpita Mitra, President AWWA, Delhi area, felicitated the academic and co-curricular achievers.The chief guest honoured the sports stars of the school. Pratap house won the overall best house trophy. It was followed by a cultural programme 'Stutya', a tribute to woman. Other dignitaries present were Maj Gen Rajbir Singh,VSM* patron school; Brig SK Sharma, school chairman and Maj Gen NC Arora, VSM, Commdt, Base Hospital. Amity International School, Vasundhara , Sec-1 celebrated its annual function on December 7. Dr Amita Chauhan, chairperson, Amity Schools; members of Chauhan family and heads of Amity Institutions presided over the function. The school orchestra Crescendo's mellifluous composition held the spectators spell bound. School principal V Balachandran stressed the importance of 'Value based education' in today's fast paced life. The annual report was read by school head boy and head girl.The guests of honour for the day were Nawal Kant Tiwari and Shree Dutt Sharma. The highlight of the evening was the cultural programme, India- Ek Virasat. The grand finale 'Sankalp yeh lekar aaye hain......' stole everybody's heart. Balvantray Mehta Vidya Bhawan, Lajpat Nagar presented a cultural extravaganza as part of its annual day celebrations . The chief guest for the occasion and guest of honour was Renu Sharma (deputy director education) and Dr Baldev Mahajan, Ashok Arora, AK Tripathi and Ms Kharabanda. School manager, headmistress, staff and students welcomed the guests. The event commenced with the lamp lighting ceremony followed by a dance drama on harmony.A theme based fancy dress show was followed by Dilli Nama, Hindustan ke Dil ki Daastan presented by school students. The 7volume of the school newsletter 'Expressions' was also released. Annual retreat for the Christian students of Rosary Sr Sec School, Kingsway Camp was organised by the Young Christian Students (YCS). Resource persons for the senior section were Fr Santosh (Parish Priest, Palam Vihar) and Fr Jose (Parish Priest, Punjabi Bagh). They made the children aware of the talents and values gifted to each one of them and gave them the opportunity to recollect their experiences with God. For the primary section, the resource persons were Nissan George and Johnson Joseph. The theme was 'I'm your loving God!' The day ended with the holy mass offered by Fr Stephen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17642647", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi concede lead as Fallah strikes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra might have come to Delhi as underdogs for their Ranji Trophy Group B match, but their discipline on the field has stood out. Perhaps that's what one needs to do on a pitch that aids seamers.Twenty minutes before stumps on Day Two here at the Roshanara ground, Maharashtra got the desperate hosts stretching after having restricted Delhi to 193 and earning a three-run lead on a day that lost two hours of play due to a wet outfield.The visitors resume the third day with both their openers at the crease and a lead of six runs already on the board. With two innings completed in two days, the match is tantalizingly poised for a result if weather permits.Ask Delhi's coach Vijay Dahiya or Maharashtra's lead seamer Samad Fallah - who finished with figures of 5/67 from 29 overs- and they would say all a player needs to do in conditions like this is to be disciplined. For Delhi, it was young left-hander Vaibhav Rawal who dug in to score 65 in a 281-minute stay.\"We have been much more disciplined. We did well to contain them and their 193 runs came of 77 overs. Vaibhav scoring at slow rate didn't bother us,\" said Fallah, who had taken a fiver on this ground two years ago.That's where Delhi has fallen behind in this match. \"We have conceded 40-50 runs too many, trying to do too many things and they were more disciplined. Vaibhav did what could have been done best on this track. It's just that the other batsmen couldn't stick it out,\" said Dahiya, clearly not amused by the lack of application of his batsmen.He has every reason to be unhappy. If the team needed Parvinder Awana to get them a lead against Karnataka in the last game, this time it was up to the last three batsmen to get close to Maharashtra's 196 from 167/7.And this after the likes of Mithun Manhas (28) and Punit Bisht (18) had got themselves in. Delhi would like to bring in some of their opponent's discipline to keep them breathing in the competition.Fallah, who had kept the batsmen under pressure after cleaning up the four top-order batsmen, was ably supported by rookie Nikti Dhumal.Playing in his first season, the seamer nipped out dangerous lower order batsmen Sumit Narwal and Pradeep Sangwan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648766", "title": "Kim Kardashian 'hurting beau Kanye West's career'", "text": "Kim Kardashian is dragging down boyfriend Kanye West's career, sources have claimed.The rapper's majorly successful career survived interrupting Taylor Swift at the VMAs and insulting a sitting President during a Hurricane Katrina telethon, as he had a hit with his next album, 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy', which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart.However, according to Confidenti@l, a source has revealed that West's popularity is waning and he has become tainted with too many appearances on 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians', pictures in the celebrity weeklies and a girlfriend unwelcome in the world of high fashion.Once gracing the pages of VMAN and GQ, the 35-year-old's face is now splattered all over whatever Kardashian is promoting.\"His personal life is overpowering his music,\" the New York Daily news quoted an industry source as saying.\"Every time he plays, people are wondering if Kim is going to be there. It's not a good thing for him, especially if he wants to be taken seriously,\" the source said.The 32-year-old TV reality star is also affecting West's income. The rapper was offered several opportunities to host New Year's Eve parties in Vegas and Miami but only if he would bring Kardashian. West declined the offers.\"Kanye was actually offended by the offers,\" the source said.In the beginning of their relationship, West tried to put his foot down when it came to appearing on the Kardashian family's shows, but the source claims that his socialite girlfriend \"gets upset so he caves in\".According to one ticket broker, sales for West's upcoming show at Revel in Atlantic City are \"not close to being sold out\", but the latest sign that the public is turning against West was when a massive portion of the audience walked out during his performance at the Dec. 12 Hurricane Sandy benefit concert at Madison Square Garden - and collectively dissed his kilt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644422", "title": "When teachers did a flash mob", "text": "KOCHI: It's like a scene straight out of the Bollywood hit Taare Zameen Par: Teachers painting along with young students in the school. While some pick up the brush to paint nature, others take sketch portraits with crayons even as curious students try to catch a glimpse of their favourite teachers at work. Within moments, the children and teachers were seen sharing jokes as they scanned and compared art works of each other.This Taare Zameen Par moment was recreated by students and teachers of Global Public School as part of the art appreciation event. Other than students and teachers, non-teaching staff were also seen participating in the event for an hour even as a rain fell on the school campus.Though the idea came as a bit of a surprise for teachers, who have so far limited themselves to books and classroom teaching, they admitted that the activity was helpful in building a stronger relationship between students and teachers. \"Art is a medium of self -expression and everyone is encouraged to sit together and paint. This helped teachers and students interact better and to develop a bonding between the two,\" said Shamim Mohamed, the head of enrichment programmes in GPS.The teachers are excited about involving in such activities with students, which also help them relive their student days and ensure that they have good fun in the process. On Children's Day, teachers had put up a special treat for students. \"The teachers came together like a flash mob dancing to the popular 'Appangal embadum' song. This was followed by various performances by teachers, ranging from classical to the now in vogue Gangnam style. We also had a cricket match between teachers and students. The whole event was filled with fun and frolic,\" said Priya Pramod, a teacher. While flexibility, relaxation and excitement are the fringe benefits, playing and painting with children changes their whole attitude towards life and they understand the need to bring a balance between academics and extra-curricular activities.The activities don't end with teacher participation.On Diwali night, teachers joined hands with parents to dazzle students with a diya dance, dhandiya performances.( Do you have an innovation in your school that is worth emulating? If so, mail us at timesreporters@gmail.com).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17643112", "title": "A lot can be learned over a cup of coffee with fellow citizens", "text": "GURGAON: With an aim to spread awareness about the preamble to the Constitution of India, and its underlying responsibilities among citizens, We, the People, an NGO, has initiated a chain of discussions in the city. The idea was to help citizens derive meaning and action in the visionary document.On Sunday morning, Gurgaon residents from different walks of life gathered at the unique 'Citizen Cafe' and discussed what the Preamble mean to them and narrated their experiences in their fights for justice, and their work for social equality.Vinita Singh, founder trustee, We, the People, told TOI: \"The aim is to bring together people from varied professional backgrounds, including teachers, students, RWA members, retired persons and make them ponder over their role and responsibilities as citizens.\" She said the programme is intended to make citizens think, put them in touch with others who want change and move them to action.\"For this, we have used the Preamble of the Constitution of India as the main anchor, which makes citizens aware of their rights and responsibilities and facilitates their learning by actually engaging in action on the ground,\" she said.Another participant, Uma Arora, says \"It was an interesting opportunity to understand what meaning we can derive from %our Constitution and citizenship and also how we can practice it in our lives.\"Gauri Sarin, who encouraged other participants do their bit in bringing positive change, said, \"The most interesting part of the entire session was when participants shared their stories of how change has been possible when citizens owned up their responsibilities.\" The cafe is part of a pan-India initiative called 'Constitution Connect' with more than 20 such Citizen Cafes taking place across 7 cities from November 26, the day the constitution was enacted, to January 26, the day it was enforced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17645085", "title": "Head constable fined 750 for slapping, attacking advocate", "text": "COIMBATORE: A head constable of the city armed reserved police was slapped a fine of Rs 750 by the chief judicial magistrate court here on Saturday for assaulting an advocate over a petty quarrel in June 29, 2010. Advocate K Kalaiarasan and head constable Muthu Palaniappan had a heated argument after their bikes were about to clash at Pappanaickenpalayam in the city on June 29, 2010.The head constable allegedly assaulted the advocate and stabbed him with a sharp object. Palaniappan was arrested by the Race Course police and was later let off on bail. Kalaiarasan was admitted at a private hospital. Advocates in the city boycotted the court at least for 15 days demanding action against the head constable.Based on the victim's complaint, an FIR was registered against Palaniappan under sections 75 (i) ( c ) of Tamil Nadu City Police Act, 323(voluntarily causing hurt) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of Indian Penal Code. But the lawyers demanded that police invoke section 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation with weapon) of IPC against Kalaiarasan.Meanwhile, Kalaiarasan filed a writ petition before the Madras high court which transferred the investigation to CB-CID from Race course police. Later, the CB-CID filed a charge-sheet against the head constable under section 506 (ii) of IPC.Chief judicial magistrate K V Senthur Pandian found the head constable guilty under section 324 IPC and slapped a fine of Rs 750 on Palaniappan. The head constable was acquitted on all other charges.However, Kalaiarasan plans to appeal against the lower court judgment. \"I will appeal before the Madras high court against the judgment,\" Kalaiarasan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647586", "title": "I was close to getting married a long time ago: Salman", "text": "Salman Khan , whom the whole world wants to see getting married, has revealed that for him marriage is jinxed and he hopes that the jinx continues.\"No, I think about not getting married. I was close to getting married a long time ago. But it didn't happen and since then it has not been happening,\" Salman said during an interview.\"It is jinxed and I am very happy. I hope this jinx continues. I am very comfortable in my own space now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "narwana", "code": "17645081", "title": "Fog claims 8 lives in Haryana", "text": "NARWANA: Winter's fog this year claimed its first victims in Haryana in the wee hours of Sunday when eight devotees on their way to Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda were killed and nine others injured in an accident caused by low visibility near Narwana in Jind district. The dead included two women and two minor girls.Seven of the deceased belonged to Chandigarh and one victim hailed from Kaithal in Haryana.The devotees had started off from Chandigarh and were headed for Dera headquarters in Sirsa for the Sunday satsang.According to police officials, the accident occurred at around 5 am when the Tata Magic tempo in which the devotees were travelling collided head-on with a Swaraj Mazda Canter near Dhakal village in Jind district on Chandigarh-Hisar road. The tempo was bursting at the seams with 17 people on board.Officials said that there was thick fog in the area and the accident was apparently caused by poor visibility.Residents of Dhakal village rushed to the spot on hearing the loud smash-up and victims' screams.Rohtas Singh, a resident of Dhakal village, said that he along with other villagers extricated the victims from the mangled remains of Tata Magic.\"The impact was so huge that the Canter ripped apart the tempo and its occupants were trapped in the remains. We had to pull the remains of tempo with the help of ropes and rushed the injured to Narwana civil hospital,\" Rohtas said.Narwana DSP Rameshwar Singh said, \"One of the devotees died on the spot while six others succumbed to injuries on reaching the civil hospital in Narwana.\"Ten other injured were referred to the PGI in Chandigarh where Aarti, a nine-year-old girl, lost her battle with life.The deceased have been identified as Sonam, 15, Rajbala, her husband Ved Pal, Phulo Devi and her husband Pala Ram, Zile Singh, Krishan Kumar and Aarti. The nine-year-old was a class II student in a government school in Chandigarh.The Tata Magic was being driven by Monu, son of deceased Ved Pal, who is critically injured and admitted to PGI along with seven others.The DSP said that the Canter's driver is absconding and the police have registered a case against him.Meanwhile, Dera Sacha Sauda spokesman Aditya Insaan told TOI, \"We have already requested the followers not to travel in overloaded vehicles or in the early morning in the winters due to fog.\"Killer stretchDhakal villagers said that the three-km-long stretch between Dhakal and Hatho village on NH-65 has been infamous for accidents. On December 5, a Hisar judge Pradeep Kumar, too, had died just one km away from the spot when his car collided with a jeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17648536", "title": "Pedalling through nature's paradise", "text": "MYSORE: Participants of the fifth edition of India's longest cycling event, Tour of Nilgiris (TFN) reached the Palace City on Sunday. The cyclists, who began their expedition from Bangalore, will reach Ooty via Mysore and Kodagu. The Tour of Nilgiris, organized by Ride a Cycle Foundation, is based on a format developed in France ( Tour de France ) where cyclists cover an average of 100 to 180 km a day in eight days. There are 85 riders from India and abroad are testing their endurance under various weather conditions.Co-founder of Tour of Nilgiris Sridhar Pabbisetty said over the years, TFN has gained lots of popularity among the cycling community. Currently, people from across the globe are taking part in the event.\"TFN hopes to promote eco-tourism through an environment-friendly way of travelling. Ever since Tour of Nilgiris came into existence in 2008, the cycling community across the country has been consistently growing. It is an opportunity for all of us to try different aspects of cycling. There are slew of single-day rides that put a cyclist's skills to test. But Tour of Nilgiris remains the only multi-day road cycling tour in the country that attracts the highest caliber of cycling talent,\" he claimed.The participants will cover nearly a thousand kilometres through three wildlife sanctuaries of Bandipur in Karnataka, Wayanad in Kerala and Madumalai in Tamil Nadu. These magnificent mountains, with their spectacular scenery and varied flora and fauna, contain some of the greatest biodiversity on the planet. This will turn into a life changing experience for cyclists, he said.\"With ever-increasing cycling enthusiasts coming in, we too seek and embrace new challenges and frontiers. TFN-2011 brought new exciting elements to an already successful tour. Apart from that, the last edition featured competitive time trial sections throughout various stages, which pushed cyclists to display their craft and grit,\" Pabbisetty said.Naveen John and Bjorn Suetens from USA and Anjali Bhalinge won the 15-km competitive sections on the first day. The race started from Halagur and ended at Malavalli.Shridhar said most of the bicycles used in the event are custom-made to provide good riding experience. Cyclists will be riding to Kodagu on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17644617", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa to back Cong to topple Shettar government", "text": "HUBLI: The Congress has received support from an unexpected quarter: Former chief minister and now KJP president BS Yeddyurappa said he is ready to join hands with the party to dismiss the Jagadish Shettar government.\"BJP has no moral right to continue. Shettar's is nothing but a coalition government run by the BJP and KJP. I will support the Congress which is seeking the government's dismissal,\" Yeddyurappa said. On Saturday, the Congress submitted a memorandum to governor HR Bhardwaj on the issue.Reacting to former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's statement that the BJP is clean at present because some tainted leaders, including Yeddyurappa, have left the party, the latter said: \"Let KS Eshwarappa and Gowda build the party and bring it to power again with their clean image.\"Also reacting to chief minister Jagadish Shettar's statement that party made him CM, not any individual, Yeddyurappa maintained that all the people in the state know who made him CM. \"If he feels he became CM due to party wishes, I wish him good luck,\" he said.Yeddyurappa said he's not aware why the BJP is not taking any action against his supporters in the partyhe will not make any effort to topple Shettar's government.\"I challenge the BJP president to take action against MLAs who shared the dais with me in the recent Haveri convention I don't know why BJP is not taking action against our supporters, instead giving misleading statements of taking action,\" the former CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644086", "title": "Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal stay on cop's posting", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) has stayed filling up the post of Antop Hill police station senior inspector after the previous incumbent, Siraj Shaikh, challenged his transfer. Siraj was shunted to the control room.MAT member S Radhakrishnan has stayed a fresh appointment till December 18, when the police chief's office will submit the department's say. Siraj was transferred by the police chief Satya Pal Singh last month, after the former's orderly constable Abdul Shaikh was caught accepting a bribe of Rs 6,000 from bar owner Karuna Shetty.In his complaint to the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Shetty alleged that Siraj would raid bars and levy fines even though they adhered to norms. Shetty alleged that Abdul demanded Rs 5,000 per month for Siraj and Rs 1,000 for himself.On October 11, Abdul was caught red-handed accepting a bribe from Shetty. \"Although Shetty made allegations against Siraj, but we failed to establish Siraj's involvement and hence we gave him a clean chit.\" said an ACB official. Four days later, Siraj was abruptly transferred to the control room for bandobast duty. \"My transfer is illegal. I am not against my transfer, I will follow the orders but this abrupt transfer just after a constable is trapped shows me in bad light. My promotion is due,\" said Siraj.According to Siraj, Shetty has framed him on behalf of Arun Panicker against whom cases are registered at Antop Hill police station. Panicker has denied any wrongdoing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17644967", "title": "Hospital introduces new coronary technique", "text": "AURANGABAD: For the first time in Marathwada region, a private hospital has introduced the Fractional Flow Reserve (FFR) technique. This technique is helpful in determining whether any procedure like angioplasty is required or not for the treatment of borderline coronary artery disease. Cardiologist at Kamalnayan Bajaj Hospital in the city, Ajit Bhagwat announced this at a press conference on Saturday.Although the technique is not new, Bhagwat said it was not available in the region. \"Kamalnayan Bajaj Hospital is the first centre were heart patients can undergo the check and take further decision on the line of action. It is a widely accepted scientific procedure that complements the angiography procedure,\" he said.With FFR, unnecessary heart operation could be avoided or in cases were the surgery was needed the doctors could get scientific data of the affected part. Patients can avoid unnecessary procedures like angioplasty or bypass surgery for borderline lesions, Bhagwat said.According to him, the doctor inserts sensors into the heart of the patient and measure the pressure of blood flow before and after the blockage. Based on the ratio of blood pressure at two different points, the doctors decide the intensity of the affected part.\"In angiography such decisions are taken with the help of visual graphics. But the images may sometimes give unclear picture and it becomes difficult to take right decision. But, in FFR the doctors come to know about the specific artery,\" he said. The technique was complementary to the angiography procedure, he said. \"It is a simple diagnostic procedure that could be done in ten minutes. Moreover, the cost involved in it is also very affordable. It takes Rs 15,000 for FFR,\" he said.Bhagwat also said that six patients were so far treated with the help of the new technique. Out of these six patients, it was found that two patients were not in need of heart surgeries. In rest of the cases, where surgeries were unavoidable, the doctor got crucial information of the affected part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17648981", "title": "Tickling Ranchiites' Funny Bone", "text": "RANCHI: Only two women can stroke the head of a man - the mother and the wife. When the mother strokes a man, his hairs grow, but when the wife does, the result is hair fall.Jokes like this and more had the audience roar in laughter at the Times of India's \"Hasya Hungama\" organized here on Sunday.The event was organized to mark the rise of Times of India in Jharkhand and also to promote and preserve the use of Hindi in cultural conscious.With renowned satirists like Pradeep Chaudey, Arun Jaimini, Suresh Awasthi, Shalini Sargam, Surya Kumar Pandey and Mahendra Ajnavi on stage, the event got off to a rollicking start.Arun Jaimini had the audience in splits when he pulled up assembly speaker C P Singh, the chief guest, for being late to the venue, saying \"programme toh start ho gaya par inauguration nahi hua, ye to aisa hi ho gaya jaise phere ho gaye par jaimaal nahi hua\" (The programme has begun without inauguration. It appears as if the marriage has been solemnized without the bride and groom exchanging garlands).Taking potshot at the Prime Minister and Congress leader Digvijay Singh, Jamini requested those present to keep their phones on \"Manmohan Singh mode\" and their hands on \"Digvijay Singh mode\", saying, \"Kripya apne phone Manmohan Singh mode me kar lein or apne haath Digvijay Singh mode me rakhein jisse ve lagatar chaltein rahein\" (Kindly keep your phone in Manmohan Singh mode and hands in Digvijay Singh mode so that they can be active always) much to the applause.He also rued lack of time and patience among today's youngsters because of rise of social networking websites, which has led to loss of laughter. \"Logon ka aamne-samne baith kar bat karma jaise khatam sa ho chala hai jisse jeevan me hasya ki kami hoti ja rahi hai (As laughter vanishes from one's life, people nowadays forget interacting with people face-to-face),\" he said.The kavi sammelan was organized by The Times of India is association with Vasan Eye Care, Surya Eastern Mall, Jaypee Cement. The Royal Retreat and Black Dog were the hospitality and beverage partners respectively. The State Bank of India, Toplink Toyota, Bank of India , Cambride Institute of Technology, Punjab National Bank , Premsons Motor, Priya Electronics and Indian Spices are also association with the kavi sammelan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "17645402", "title": "Railways to adopt PPP mode for modernization: Bansal", "text": "SANGRUR: Union railway minister Pawan Bansal said on Sunday that public private partnership (PPP) mode would be adopted for modernizing and upgrading the railway infrastructure.The minister, who was in Sangrur and Barnala districts of Punjab to lay the foundation stones for new railway projects, said that Rs 1.10 lakh crore would be generated through PPP mode for implementing the revamping plan.\"Railways is failing in mobilizing the required funds through internal sources. The annual plan for the ongoing fiscal has been cut short by over Rs 4,000 crore and the plan outlay has been reduced from earlier Rs 60,100 crore to Rs 55,900 crore,\" he said.Bansal, who belongs to Tapa town of Barnala district, said, \"The railways has chalked out ambitious plans for doubling the tracks, electrification, laying of new railway lines and manufacture of coaches in the next five years. All this will be done on PPP mode.\"Bansal said that railways will need about 30,000 more coaches in the coming years and for this, all the states have been asked to provide land on which railways will set up coach factories.\"Both Punjab and Haryana have already shown keen interest in the plan,\" said Bansal.He said that presently, there are 14,000 unmanned railway crossings in India and the railways is inching towards making these manned in a phased manner.Bansal said that the Kolkata-Ludhiana and Delhi-Mumbai freight corridors will be completed during the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645986", "title": "Human rights cell", "text": "Jamia Millia Islamia has set up a human rights cell at the university in order to advance the cause of human rights. The university already runs a Masters programme in human rights studies under its department of political science.Students can be part of the cell by participating in research activities and building database of all the human rights violations across the world. The database, once ready, will be available to researchers across the globe. On the setting up of the cell, Najeeb Jung, vice-chancellor, says, \"While we have been witnessing a number of human rights violations, not just around us but all across the world, we thought that one of the tasks a university ought to engage in is to use its expertise and build an archive or database of all such violations.Once we have such a database, not only will it help us systematically understand violations and their nature but will also lead to further research and policy recommendations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644080", "title": "Mecca blast: NIA looking for Rajender\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s aide", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the arrest of right-wing activist Rajender Chaudhary in Ujjain, National Investigating Agency (NIA) sleuths claim Rajender alias Samunder along with one Amit planted bombs on the premises of the Mecca Masjid in 2007, which claimed nine lives and left 58 people injured. Five others died in subsequent police firing on angry protesters.NIA officers are likely to seek custody of Rajender after showing his formal arrest in the Mecca Masjid blast case in the next fortnight to know more about the conspiracy and Amit.Rajender Chaudhary alias Samunder alias Pehlwan was reportedly a close associate of the late Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Sunil Joshi. During investigation, NIA sleuths discovered that Rajender was one of the eight hand-picked people by Sunil Joshi, who had facilitated a meeting with controversial RSS senior leader Indresh Kumar in 2005, credible sources in NIA told TOI on Sunday.The sources said: \"Sunil Joshi took eight persons, including Ramji Kalsangra, Lokesh Sharma, Pragya Singh Thakur, Rajender Pehlwan from Madhya Pradesh to Jaipur in Rajasthan. On November 1, 2005, Sunil Joshi, Ramji, Lokesh Sharma and others met Indresh Kumar at Gujarati Samaj Athithi Garh, where Sunil Joshi along with others had checked in under fictitious names of Manoj Singh and Kripal Singh.\"After the meeting with Indresh Kumar, Sunil Joshi had allotted specific tasks to his eight associates, including Rajender. Ramji and Lokesh Sharma were tasked with procurement of arms and ammunition, while Rajender and Amit were supposed to plant bombs at designated places.After the blast at the Sanket Mochan Mandir in Varanasi in 2006, on the directions of Sunil Joshi and Swami Aseemanand, Ramji, Sandeep Dange and Devendra Gupta bought four mobiles and 11 SIM cards. The SIM cards, which were bought by submitting fake documents, were used in executing the Mecca Masjid and Ajmer bomb blasts. Finally, it was at the residence of Bharath Bhai, an accused in the Mecca Masjid blast, Aseemanand called all the eight and planned the conspiracy in retaliation to blasts at Hindu temples.\"Rajender and Amit visited Mecca Masjid and planted bombs at the place of worship. We are still on the lookout for Amit. We need to probe where the duo stayed in Hyderabad besides find out who provided them the logistics. Once formalities in the Samjhauta Express case are completed, we will seek Rajender's custody to get specific details about the Mecca Masjid blast,'' the NIA officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645059", "title": "Another gangster held in serial stabbings case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police have arrested a historysheeter and member of Amraiwadi's Lakda gang - Suresh Koshti - in connection with the serial stabbings case of November. However, another gang member, Arun Chauhan, who was responsible for stabbing five persons at random in the city, still remains at large.This is the second person to be arrested in this case. A juvenile member of this gang was arrested earlier. He had driven a bike down the city's roads with Chauhan riding pillion. Chauhan had stabbed five persons in Amraiwadi to establish his credentials in his gang.Chauhan's stabbing spree had proved fatal for Ambalal Patel, 52, a schoolteacher who was standing by the roadside, talking to his friend Kalidas Patel. The two bikers drew close to them, Chauhan got down and stabbed Ambalal from behind. Ambalal bled to death before he could be taken to hospital.City police officials had learnt that Chauhan is hiding in Maharashtra and is in regular touch with Koshti. \"We were on the lookout for Koshti. After keeping his house under surveillance, we caught him on Saturday and also seized a country-made revolver,\" said an Amraiwadi police official.\"Koshti has told us that just three days back he was given the pistol by another gang member, Miten alias Lala,\" said the official. \"On that very day Miten, had been arrested by Naroda police for ferrying IMFL into the city illicitly. A consignment of 22 crates of IMFL was seized from him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17645077", "title": "Shiv Sena alone can curb anti-social forces: Uddhav Thackeray", "text": "AURANGABAD: Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday told party workers that \"dilution of saffron power\" would lead to an increase in terrorist activities in the Marathwada region. Expressing concern over the recent reports of terrorist connections in the region, he said Shiv Sainiks should ensure that anti-social forces do not flourish. The Sena was the only party in the region which could restrict such forces, he claimed.Addressing party workers, Thackeray said he would kickstart his political campaign from Aurangabad in the new year. He directed the party workers to finalise the date and venue for the first meeting of the campaign. \"I will also visit small villages during my campaign. I remember how the party had captured the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation. We will perform well in the coming elections. It is a herculean task to lead the party, but with the support of the people, we will come back to power in the state,\" he said.Thackeray said he has decided to give his entire life to fulfilling the dreams of his father, Bal Thackeray. \"My father wanted to see the prosperity of the Marathi manoos. He also wished for social equality. I promise to convert his dreams into reality. This can only be possible with the help of all Shiv Sainiks and the inspiration we derive from my father,\" he said.Remembering his father, he said, \"We have not met Shivaji Maharaj but we are fortunate enough to have seen a person like Bal Thackeray. And I am all the more fortunate to be close to this great personality. I always feel he is around us,\" he said. He recalled that the last time he had visited Aurangabad, he had to leave in a hurry as his father was not keeping well.Commenting on the water scarcity in Marathwada, Thackeray said the state government was not putting enough efforts to solving the issue. He also blamed the government for the irrigation scam. \"Be it Vidarbha, Marthawada or any other region, the state government has failed to deliver,\" he said.MP Sanjay Raut, who also spoke, said the party workers should merge their dreams with those of Bal Thackeray and work for the common goal.MP Chandrakant Khaire said, \"We will not let a single opposition MLA or MP win the coming elections. People in the region have faith in you.\" Aditya Thackeray and other senior partymen were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17649232", "title": "Pakistan misled India, never detained Hafiz Saeed in 26/11 case: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan had never detained or arrested the 2611 mastermind and Laskar-e-Taiba (LeT) chief Hafiz Saeed in the Mumbai attack case as repeatedly claimed by the country at every bilateral forum. Saeed was, in fact, detained in connection with some old cases in which he was subsequently given clean chit by Pakistan's courts.It was revealed when Pakistan shared documents, including FIRs relating to Saeed's detention, with India during its interior minister Rehman Malik's visit to New Delhi last week. The papers show that Islamabad had clearly been spreading lies about Saeed's innocence in 2611 saying the country has no \"evidence\" against him.Nailing Pakistan's lie, Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Monday shared the relevant details in Rajya Sabha and said Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik appeared to have been \"misinformed in the matter (of Hafiz Saeed).\"The documents shocked the Indian establishment when it came to know that Saeed was actually arrested in some old cases. The papers showed how Islamabad had been virtually misleading New Delhi over Hafiz Saeed.Giving his statement in the upper house, Shinde said, \"During my talks with him (Malik), he stated that if we desire, he will give us the FIRs and the judgments pertaining to the three occasions when Hafiz Saeed was arrested and let off by courts. When we pursued this matter, they gave us papers pertaining to the detentions of Saeed in 2002 and 2009\".He further said, \"From the papers given to us, it is clear that the detentions of Hafiz Saeed in the aforesaid cases were for other reasons and not for his role as a conspirator in the 2611 Mumbai terror attacks.\"The Indian home minister also mentioned how Malik had been telling New Delhi time and again that Pakistan had arrested Hafiz Saeed thrice and that on each occasion, he (Saeed) was let off by courts for the lack of evidence.\"We had been given to understand by the interior minister of Pakistan that Hafiz Saeed was arrested on the charges of being a part of the conspiracy for the 2611 Mumbai terror attacks,\" said Shinde.The Indian home minister's remarks clearly show that Islamabad had been telling lies to New Delhi over the issue. Officials here believe that it might have been done deliberately as Islamabad does not want to take action against Saeed, who is a key figure in the country's ISI-LeT nexus for waging proxy war against India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17647872", "title": "Parliament disrupted over quota bill, Muslim reservation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both Houses of Parliament were disrupted on Monday as Samajwadi Party (SP) members voiced their protest over the bill on reservations in government job promotions for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and implementation of the Sachar Committee report on minorities.Ahead of the Rajya Sabha vote on the controversial quota bill, SP member Ram Gopal Yadav in the Upper House called for implementation of the Sachar Committee report which recommended reservation for Muslims.Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari asked him to raise the issue during zero hour and let the question hour run smoothly.But SP's Naresh Aggarwal asked its members to gather near the chairman's podium, following which the chair adjourned the house for half-an-hour.Similar scenes were visible in the Lok Sabha , where SP led by its chief Mulayam Singh Yadav raised the issue of reservation in government job promotions.SP members rushed towards the speaker's podium, raising slogans against the bill and disrupting question hour.Speaker Meira Kumar appealed for peace and told the SP it would be given time to raise the matter during zero hour.Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath also tried to pacify SP members but the protests continued. Finally, the speaker adjourned the House till 11.30 p.m. and then till noon.While the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has been pressing the government to pass the bill, the SP has issued veiled threats saying it could reconsider its outside support to the ruling United Progressive Alliance (UPA) if the bill is passed.Parliament has been disrupted frequently over the issue since the winter session started on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644253", "title": "Centre pushes Nagpur Municipal Corporation to improve property tax system", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has not yet realized the importance of the property tax system. The civic body's second highest income comes from property tax.Taking cognizance, the Central government has decided to improve the NMC's property tax system. If everything goes according to plan, the city's property tax system will become online.The Centre's ministry of urban development (MoUD) has launched the capacity building for urban development (CBUD) project under its ambitious Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme.The project aims is to improve and computerize the entire property tax system. The Centre selected only six cities in the country. Fortunately, the city is among the selected six. The other cities are Chhindwara, Cuttak, Dehradun , Haridwar and Puri. The Centre will execute the project by appointing a private agency which will play the role of a consultant.According to the details available on MoUD's website, the expression of interest has been floated and consultancy firms have been invited for the project. According to the details mentioned in the expression of interest, the agency will lend technical support to the selected civic bodies to computerize the property tax system. Besides, the plan is to widen the tax base, computerization of property tax records, introduction of online property tax assessment, and consumer redress mechanism.Interestingly, the agency will also lend technical support in identifying under-assessed and un-assessed properties to increase revenue and bring about transparency. The NMC has failed to ensure assessment of all properties and also revaluation of the existing properties since many years. Many properties are said to be under-assessed.The Centre, in the expression of interest note, said the fundamental to strengthening of municipal revenues is improvement of the system of levy and collection of property tax. This is the major source of revenue for urban local bodies. The system is expected to contribute up to 60% of the total tax revenues in majority of the urban local bodies. \"However, fiscal role of property tax has lately declined much below the 60% level in the total tax revenues of urban local bodies primarily due to inefficiency in ensuring total tax compliance and the lack of an efficient and taxpayer friendly assessment, collection and dispute redress system,\" the Centre said.The city is spread over 217 sq km area and comprises a population of 25 lakh. Due to inefficient assessment, the number of property taxpayers is 5,33,884. Besides, the revenue from property tax is only around Rs 110 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17649175", "title": "First exam passes peacefully", "text": "RANCHI: The first mains examination of the Jharkhand State Staff Selection Commission (SSC) went off peacefully on Sunday. As many as 6,646 candidates, who had cleared the preliminary test earlier, appeared in the examination.The examination was peaceful except for two cases of impersonation. Sahay said, \"Two cases of impersonation had been found at Oxford Public School and Bridgeford School.\"Four centres were made in the state for the exam, all in Ranchi.SSC Chairperson C R Sahay said, \"The four centres were at Doranda College, Oxford Public School, Bridgeford School and Cambrian Public School.\"The examination was held in two shifts. The first shift was from 10am to 12 noon for languages and the second one from 2pm to 4pm for general studies. Admit cards for all the students were sent through post and were also available online so that they do not have to face any problem, said Sahay.The SSC examination was held for the first time in the state and Sahay was happy about the fact that it was peaceful.\"We have been preparing for the examination for months and we introduced new system of correction of forms of candidates if there was any mistake. I am happy about the fact that the examination is peacefully over,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17644715", "title": "'Microbe led to mass extinction 251m years ago'", "text": "LONDON: A humble microbe, instead of a devastating meteorite or a catastrophic volcanic eruption, wiped off over 90% of the species on Earth 251-million-years ago, scientists believe. According to prevailing theory, the mass extinction at the end of the Permian period was triggered by volcanic eruptions over a vast area of what is now Siberia , which led to a dramatic rise in greenhouse gas emissions.However, according to Daniel Rothman of MIT, the scenario just doesn't fit the facts.From his analysis of an end-Permian sediment sample from China, Rothman says carbon levels surged much too quickly for geological processes to be at work. Microbes can generate carbon compounds that fast.As his group analysed the genome of Methanosarcina - a methanogen responsible for most of biogenic methane - they found that it gained this ability 231m years ago. Methanosarcina needs large amounts of nickel to produce methane quickly. The team discovered that nickel levels spiked 251m years ago in the sediment samples. This suggests Methanosarcina did trigger the extinction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17642516", "title": "Shaheen back on Facebook, wants to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmove around without fear\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Palghar girl Shaheen Dhada has reactivated the Facebook account she disabled last month following a row over her comment on the region-wide shutdown in the wake of Bal Thackeray's death. The doughty youngster announced her return on the site with a new photo\u00e2\u20ac\u201dher face no longer draped in a dupatta\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand the words \"I am back..!!\".Keeping the promise to restore normalcy in her life, the 21-year-old has reactivated her cellphone number and is readying her two-wheeler to travel through the lanes and bylanes of Palghar. For nearly a month, even these simple freedoms had eluded her.Shaheen uploaded the photograph on Facebook at around 8am on Saturday. The picture was marked by the absence of the dupatta that veiled her face frequently since her arrest on November 19. \"I am back and dying to roam around Palghar's streets. Now I want to move around without any fear,\" she told TOI.Her return to Facebook on Saturday elicited several comments.Within minutes, three friends welcomed her back. One friend, Ankit Upadhyaya, commented, \"Back with a bang...Gr8\". To this, Shaheen replied: \"Yaaah.\" To others' greetings, Shaheen responded with thank-yous. Within hours of the account's reactivation, six people sent her friend requests. All of them she accepted.A self-confessed Facebook addict, Shaheen expressed delight at reconnecting with the world after a month. Though she loves commenting on city news, she told TOI that she will be more careful now about what she posts on her account. On Sunday, she did not use the account.Shaheen and her friend Rinu Srinivasan were arrested on November 19 by police on the complaint of the local Shiv Sena unit after Shaheen lamented on Facebook the region-wide shutdown on the day of Thackeray's cremation and Rinu 'liked' the comment. Police hastily applied the stringent IPC section of 295 (a) against them for hurting religious sentiments, but later changed it to IPC section 505 (2).The nationwide outrage over the arrests forced police and the state to backtrack. Transfer orders were given to two senior policemen and a Palghar court magistrate too was moved out. Not soon after, as the Supreme Court questioned the legality of the arrests, the state director general of police and the government decided to drop the charges against Shaheen and Rinu.The continuing support for Shaheen is evidenced by the two-dozen Facebook profiles in her name, like 'Shaheen Dhada Official' and 'Support Shaheen Dhada'. Called to share their experiences with students and faculty, Shaheen and Rinu will travel to Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, on December 21-22.But for now, Shaheen is waiting for the closure report in her case and for the police security outside her house to be lifted. \"It feels like ages since I left home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644250", "title": "Irrigation white paper has 'outdated, misleading' stats", "text": "MUMBAI: Lies, damned lies and statistics.The controversial white paper on irrigation projects produced by the state water resources ministry is littered with outdated, confusing and allegedly misleading statistics. Data pertaining to over half a dozen major projects are at least a decade old and widely differ from information submitted by the ministry to the state assembly eight months ago.Most projects are in drought-prone Vidarbha region. A senior department official said the white paper seems to have exaggerated the irrigation potential and actual land which came under irrigation.A detailed analysis of the two-volume report released by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on November 29 shows old data was used to boost figures of land under irrigation.The discrepancies are glaring, as in the case of the Wan project in Akola district of Vidarbha. The white paper boasts that the irrigated land due to this project is 14,428 hectares. It also admits that this figure is for the financial year 2003-04.However, the programme estimate booklet presented in the budget session of the state assembly early this year, is silent on the irrigated land and shows it as 'nil'. \"Even if the figures in the white paper are correct, it is misleading to give data which is a decade old,'' sources said. The department has to give updated figures every year, they added.In the Upper Wardha project in Amravati district, the white paper shows a total irrigated area of 36,119 hectares till 2007-08. On the other hand, the programme estimates booklet pegged the figure at 31,760 hectares in 2010-11. \"This is a total farce. The white paper relied on five-year-old data. Moreover, the figure in the estimates booklet shows a smaller area under irrigation,'' department officials said.The Arunavati project in Yavatmal district is another where major discrepancies have been found.The white paper pegs the land under irrigation at 10,229 hectares, although the programme estimates booklet gives a figure of 670 hectares as on 2009-11.Differences in expenditure figures have also been found in the Pench project in Nagpur. While the white paper said only Rs 293 crore was spent till March 2012, the estimates booklet pegged it at Rs 323 crore till March 2011.The length of the right bank main canal of the Gosikhurd national irrigation project also varies in the two government documents. The white paper puts its length at 99 km while the estimates booklet shows it at 107 km. TOI had reported how the white paper claimed the quantum of land brought under irrigation by the Gosikhurd project was 5,279 hectares, but the programme estimates booklet puts the figure at 1,582 hectares. Similarly, the white paper claimed expenditure on the Gosikhurd project was Rs 6,073 crore, but the programme estimates booklet puts the figure at Rs 6,609 crore.Interestingly, the white paper does not reveal the actual figures of land under irrigation in western Maharashtra. It only gives the irrigation potential (where canals are ready, but water hasn't reached fields) these projects have created.The target irrigation potential of many projects in western Maharashtra is pegged on a lower side in the programme estimates compared to the white paper.\"If figures in the programme estimates booklet are wrong, it will be a fit case for breach of privilege in the assembly,'' the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649101", "title": "JLS, One Direction collaboration on cards", "text": "Music bands JLS and One Direction will collaborate for a charity event soon.JLS members include Oritse Williams, Marvin Humes, J.B Gill and Aston Merrygold, and One Direction members are Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik.\"I've already said to Niall and Liam I'm looking forward to getting a track written together. It could happen next year,\" the dailystar quoted Williams as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644088", "title": "'50% Indians go for Rs 1.5-3.5k range hotels while e-booking'", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifty per cent of bookings done by Indians for hotels within the country are for three-stars with tariff in the range of Rs 1,500-3,500, a study has found.\"The affordable average price point and the online availability are key reasons for travellers opting for this category of hotels,\" said the survey conducted by goibibo.com, an online travel portal. The report, which was culled from data collected over a month from more than 75,000 Indian users, also looked at qualitative aspects a customer expected from a hotel. \"The important elements that travellers look forward to from a hotel are extra beds, kids' area and food preferences,\" it said. On the other hand, unhygienic bathrooms, uncomfortable bed mattresses and external noise were factors that distressed customers the most.When it came to cities and the number of online hotel booking transactions witnessed by each, Bangalore topped the list, followed by Mumbai and Hyderabad. \"A higher number of online booking transactions have been done for Bangalore as more travel business deals happen over there. And because more online transactions are done for Bangalore, the visibility of hotels there is much higher, followed by Mumbai and Hyderabad,\" the survey said.Other than these, the report also looked at hotel categories that received the majority of reservations from online customers. \"While leisure hotels were found to account for 56.41% bookings, business hotels were slightly behind at 43.59%,\" the study observed. Small &amp; medium enterprises (SMEs) and individuals outrivalled corporates to drive these bookings. \"This is because SMEs are the most price-conscious segment and see value in booking online,\" the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645205", "title": "NRI marriage, anti-smuggling Acts to be tabled in Punjab assembly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Short \"vacation marriages\" resulting from Punjab's puritan social mindset and preference of NRI grooms over the desi counterparts are set to find a permanent halt.Two legislations -- Compulsory registration of marriage act for NRIs and Punjab prevention of human smuggling act -- will be tabled when the Punjab assembly begins on Monday. The bills will put an end to trauma that has been faced by over 12,000 women in Punjab deserted by their NRI husbands since 1998.\"This first of its own kind law would tighten the noose of grooms against fraud marriages as it would be mandatory for NRIs to register their marriage, their full details of lives abroad and their address in India,\" Punjab NRI and public relations minister Bikram Majithia told TOI.The marriage bill, Punjab Compulsory Registration of Marriages Bill 2008, has taken four years after it was first passed, paving the way for registration of marriages solemnized in the state under the Anand Marriage Act, 1909.According to a recent overseas ministry report, a copy of which is with TOI, Punjab, Delhi and Andhra Pradesh reported the highest number of complaints in the country in 2011, from Indian brides against their NRI husbands. While 101 complaints were registered against spouses from Punjab, Delhi and Andhra Pradesh reported 74 and 42 cases respectively.According to another report by National Commission for Women (NCW), the maximum number of these complaints have been registered with grooms from Canada, US and Australia (in the same order).The second bill on smuggling Act, would make it compulsory for travel agents to register themselves with the competent authority of Punjab government. When the Act is enforced, Punjab would be the first state in the country to put an end to illegal practices of unauthorized travel agents.\"The smuggling Act would encourage youngsters to go abroad through proper and legal channel,\" said Majithia.FIRs against NRI grooms2011: 742010: 852009: 672008: 72(Under Section 498A of domestic violence)Punjab NRIsUK: 3,00,000US: 2,50,000Canada 2,78,400Malaysia: 1,00,000Africa: 1,00,000UAE: 70,000(Source: Ministry of overseas affairs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17642995", "title": "A father- son who fought '71 war together", "text": "JAIPUR: Eightyseven-year-old Mangliram Beniwal and his 60-year-old son Mahendra Singh Beniwal enjoy celebrity status at their Raghunathpura village in Jhunjhunu district. Everybody knows them as 'faujis' who participated in the 1971 Indo-Pak war and love to hear from them the stories associated with the war.On the occasion of Vijay Diwas on Sunday, TOI spoke to them as they are the only surviving father-son who had participated in the war in different capacities.The father gets charged up when asked to share his memories.\"I was at Air Force station, Ambala on security duty during the war. My son was with the artillery regiment and was posted nearly 25 km away from Ambala on the Indo-Pak border as the adjutant of his unit having the rank of Lieutenant,\" recalled Beniwal.\"We used to carry ammunition in civil trucks during night time. We had strict orders to drive with headlights of the truck off. Almost on everyday basis, I had travelled 50 km a day to provide ammunition to various units,\" he added.\"Irrespective of the fact that our moving trucks used to be within the target range of the Pakistani army, we had strict orders to continue moving. Many a times our trucks were targeted and we had a narrow escape,\" he said.He said that despite the fact that there were less means of communication, he and his son used to be in contact with each other on the wireless sets and also through their seniors everyday.\"The battle was on for almost eight days when I use to enquire about my son almost on everyday basis. Many a times I managed to speak to him through wireless.Mangliram said that government of Rajasthan and even Union government should bring the school children from various parts of the country in the villages of Jhunjhunu and Sikar to show solidarity against the soldiers who had fought various battles.\"It will also help them to inculcate the interest of joining Army among the youngsters,\" he added.Mangliram has two sons and a daughter and he is now enjoying life as a farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648848", "title": "Ravi and Rani's superhit-jodi in Saali Bada Sataweli", "text": "Bhojpuri film industry's hottest jodi, Ravi Kishan and Rani Chatterjee is ready for another hit. Ravi Kishan and Rani Chatterjee's pair has made waves with their scintillating chemistry in 'Jwalamandi'.Saali Bada Sataweli is their next venture. Rani is playing the role of Ravi Kishan's sister-in-law in the movie.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17644073", "title": "Centre is using CBI to blackmail Mulayam: Samajwadi Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav threatened the UPA government to withdraw his support, the party spokesperson on Sunday accused the Central government of using the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for arm-twisting it into supporting the quota in promotion bill.Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said here on Sunday: \"There is a conspiracy to trap the SP supremo in the CBI net for not extending support on the FDI and quota in promotions bill. The BJP is also hand in glove on the matter.\"\"To deal with Mulayam, the Centre had adopted a policy of blackmail,\" Chowdhury said, adding \"even some former CBI directors had admitted there was political pressure on the agency.\" On Thursday, former CBI chief US Mishra had said that during his tenure he faced a lot of political pressure especially in the disproportionate assets case involving BSP chief Mayawati and the Karim Telgi case.The SP spokesperson further said that the UPA was all set to disrupt the social harmony of the country for political benefits. \"They are using FDI to derail India's internal economy and now the quota bill will encourage disparity which will take its toll on the peace and tranquility of the country,\" Chowdhary said.Coming a day after Mulayam warned the UPA government that it should not take him for granted, the SP's latest allegations clearly indicate that despite not having the numbers, the party will go all out to oppose the bill when the Rajya Sabha votes on the issue, to make its stand clear to its constituencies - OBCs and upper castes.The bill was earlier slated to be tabled before parliament on August 22 but came up in the Rajya Sabha on September 5, 2012. Minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy quickly tabled the bill between adjournments forced by the BJP on the coalgate even as SP MP Naresh Agarwal and BSP's Avtar Singh virtually came to blows. The UPA then did not apparently press for passing the bill which was put off for the winter session.The SP was apparently banking on a repeat of the Monsoon session strategy to ensure adjournments in the House to prevent the Bill from being taken up. But Mayawati pre-empted their move when she went ahead to even take on the Speaker Hamid Ansari for the failure of the house to take up the bill. She accused the BJP and its supporters of deliberately creating an atmosphere in the house so that the bill was not taken up. The next day, the Speaker took a serious note of the conduct of SP MPs and directed them to leave the House.The SP, which has been supporting the UPA from outside ever since the UPA - II came into being in 2009, had abstained from voting on FDI like the BSP in Lok Sabha. However the tables got turned when the BSP,. which abstained from voting in the Lok Sabha, voted with the Congress in the Rajya Sabha. The SP however abstained from voting in the Rajya Sabha as well.Mayawati voting with the Congress in the Rajya Sabha was seen by the political observers as a result of some barter between the two on the quota bill. The picture got clearer on December 6 when responding to the BSP MP Mayawati in the Rajya Sabha, Kamal Nath assured the house that the government was all serious about tabling the Bill.The UPA is left with around 250 MPs in the Lok Sabha after the Trinamool Congress withdrew its support. It is surviving on support of 22 SP MPs and 21 Bahujan Samaj Party MPs. BSP chief Mayawati had threatened to withdraw support if Congress failed to table the bill and put it for voting in parliament. Voting on the bill in the Rajya Sabha is expected on Monday and later in Lok Sabha. The bill may sail through easily as Bharatiya Janata Party and other parties are supporting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644974", "title": "Another expressway to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport in the offing", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the PVNR Elevated Expressway improving connectivity to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport in Shamshabad from Masab Tank, the GHMC has decided to build another expressway on the Owaisi Hospital -Aramgarh stretch to reduce commute time to the airport. The Owaisi Hospital Crossroads-Aramgarh Crossroads stretch of the Inner Ring Road would be developed as an expressway. Generally, expressways are 150-feet-wide with good service roads, cement concrete kerb separators, footpaths and storm water drains on either side.The road stretch was partially expanded by R&B; department four years ago. Though the original proposal was to widen the road to 150 feet, it has not yet been expanded at some places as construction of the central median, storm water drain and footpaths were not completed by the R&B; department. tnnGHMC came up with the proposal due to increased traffic on the road as vehicles from Old City and other parts of the city merge at Chandrayangutta Crossroads and several road accidents were taking place due to lack of service roads. Mayor Majid Hussain along with local MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi, while touring the Old City a couple of months ago, had asked the officials to prepare proposals for the expressway. After a detailed survey in consultation with the R&B; department, the GHMC engineering wing has prepared estimates for the model expressway and pegged its cost at about Rs 41 crore. At some places like Sunny Garden-Chandrayangutta flyover and Madina supplying company-Amodi Garden, a central median has to be constructed, while at some places central dividers need to be adjusted. Storm water drains would be provided on both sides of the road on the entire stretch, the officials said.\"After expanding the road to 45 metres, service roads will be formed on both sides of the stretchwhich will be utilised by surrounding areas' traffic and the main carriageway would be utilised by the traffic towards the international airport or Aramgarh Crossroads,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh said. Officials said GHMC has widened the road from Rethibowli to Aramgarh with facilities like footpath and storm water drain. However, this expressway would have facilities like service roads, lighting and kerb separators for smooth flow of traffic.If the expressway experiment becomes successful, the corporation wants to take up more such roads in the near future, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643384", "title": "Metro to honour 200 smart card users", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro will honour top 200 users of its smart card in the past one year as it celebrates 10 years of its operations. DMRC has come out with a list of the top 200 Smart Cards numbers that have been used the maximum for the above period.\"These cards have utilized the maximum electronic value during this period,\" DMRC spokesman Anuj Dayal said on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644554", "title": "'Memorial to shift only after new site is announced'", "text": "MUMBAI: There is considerable ambiguity about the shifting of the Balasaheb Thackeray memorial on Monday, as promised by Matoshree, as the Shiv Sena is awaiting civic permission for an alternative site.\"We have not been told about an alternative location for Balasaheb Thackeray's samadhi. We can't remove the memorial until we know about the new venue,\" a key Sena functionary said on Sunday.Stating that the party would hold talks with municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on the new location on Monday afternoon, the functionary said, \"We will know about the final site for the samadhi by evening. Until then, there is no question of shifting the samadhi.\"\"There is no question of reneging on the assurance which Uddhavji has given to the state government and the civic body. We are only saying that the memorial cannot be removed in an absence of an alternative site.\"The Sena has shortlisted two to three venues at the park itself for relocation, like the Samarth gymnasium and the Bharat Scouts and Guides pavilion. The final decision will be taken by Kunte in consultation with Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray, the functionary added.Meanwhile, Sainiks poured in large numbers to pay their last respects at Shivaji Park on Sunday. On Monday morning, a pooja will be conducted at the cremation site and the removal of the temporary structure will be carried out by Sainiks themselves in the evening.The makeshift marquee will also be dismantled.\"It will be a month for Balasaheb's demise. We will visit Matoshree and at 10 am, a pooja will be conducted. The shifting will not be in the morning as there will be huge crowds coming in for a last darshan. Uddhav is expected to visit Shivaji Park to address Sainiks and the memorial will most probably be shifted in the evening,\" said a Sainik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17648901", "title": "Cycle ride of a senior officer lands labor officer in trouble", "text": "RAMGARH: Bicycle ride of a senior officer in the labour department has landed him in trouble. A probe has been initiated against labour superintendent Pradeep Robert Lakra for distributing 100 bicycles, meant for a government welfare scheme, at the office of a political body on Friday.Confirming the inquiry, deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal said the welfare scheme was for poor labourers. But the government function was organized at the office of a political party. This was in violation of government guidelines. \"Sub-divisional officer Deepak Kumar has been asked to inquire into the issue and find out in what circumstances, the labour superintendent organized an official programme at a political outfit's office,\" said Kaushal. The administrative initiative came a day after local a newspaper published a photograph of Lakra distributing bicycles to beneficiaries at the political outfit's office.However, Lakra said lack of space in the department forced him to shift the programme to another venue and there was no political motive in this. \"Programme venue for cycle distribution was changed following directives from senior officials,\" said Lakra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644438", "title": "Triple murder: Son killed stepmother, sisters", "text": "PATNA: The eldest son of Gopal Sharan Singh killed his stepmother and stepsisters at their house in Indrapuri locality under Patliputra police station area on Friday.\"My eldest son, Rinku confessed that he had killed Alina, Sonalika and Purnima on Friday,\" Singh, husband of slain Alina and father of the two deceased girls, told the police on Sunday.The triple murder case, which rocked the state capital on Saturday, took a new turn when Singh, on his return from Delhi on Sunday evening, held his eldest son responsible for the three murders.\"Singh accepted before the police that his eldest son Rinku told him that he had killed his stepmother and two stepsisters. Police on Sunday also seized the murder weapon, a hammer from the house,\" DIG (central range) Sunil Kumar said.\"Singh revealed that Rinku had been frequently visiting the Patna house since November 25. He came to Patna on December 13 for the third time during this period. It was clear that he was trying to conceal the strained relationships with his stepmother and sisters,\" the DIG quoted Singh as saying.\"Rinku might be apprehending that he would be deprived of the paternal property of his father as Singh was more concerned about his daughters than his two sons from the first marriage.\"Singh, during his police interrogation, said Rinku had come to Patna on December 13. He wanted Singh to visit his Delhi residence as no one from the family had ever made any visit since Rinku's son was born two months back.According to police sources, Rinku forced Singh to leave for Delhi on December 14. Singh left home after 12 noon and reached Patna junction around 1pm. Then he tried to get tickets for Delhi. Singh called Sonalika at 2pm, informing her that he was leaving for Delhi along with Rinku. When Rinku reached Patna Junction he took away Singh's cellphone and returned it to him only after they reached Delhi. Then Singh tried to call his wife and when he failed to get any response from her, he called Yogendra, a family acquaintance. Singh also said that late on Saturday afternoon, Rinku confessed to him that he had killed all the three members of the family.The Patna police team, which had left for Delhi on Saturday itself, raided the residence of Rinku in Kalka area but failed to find him. His wife could not tell anything about his whereabouts,\" the DIG said. \"As Alina and her stepsons did not have cordial relations, property dispute could not be ruled out as the reason behind the triple murder. Singh, too, never had a cordial relation with his wife,\" the DIG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644123", "title": "Centre's new project to help NMC improve civic services", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking lessons from the errors in implementation of JNNURM phase-I, the Central government has decided to launch Capacity Building for Urban Development (CBUD) project to help civic bodies in the state improve their civic services and overall work mechanism. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has proposed to accept the project and is likely to ink an agreement with the Centre very soon.NMC's JNNURM cell has already tabled a proposal seeking general body's approval for the project. Mayor Anil Sole has convened general body meeting, first since the new Maharashtra Municipal Corporations (MMC) Act came into effect, on December 20. As per the new MMC Act, it is mandatory for civic bodies to hold general body meeting once a month that too on or before 20{+t}{+h} {+o}{+f} the month.According to the sources, the Centre will implement the CBUD project for five years in 34 urban local bodies including NMC. As per the conditions of CBUD project, NMC will have to enter into an agreement with the Centre. The project will be implemented through an agency selected by the Central government which will bear all the expenses of the project.The main objective of the project is said to assist NMC in strengthening its policy, institutional reform and improve procedures. Besides, the project vows to improve skills in the areas of governance, planning, service delivery and municipal financial management. The project will primarily focus on capacity building of civic bodies for effective urban management and urban poverty monitoring and alleviation.During the implementation of JNNURM phase-I, Central government realized that despite setting time frame, urban local bodies failed to meet the deadlines. The inordinate delay in implementation led to cost escalation. This prompted the Centre to launch CBUD project to ensure effective implementation of reforms and help in minimizing setback in JNNURM phase-II.Though the NMC general body is likely to pass the proposal, heated discussion between the ruling and opposition parties cannot be ruled out. During the December 20 meeting, the opposition is likely to raise voice over poor implementation of JNNURM projects in the city, besides discussing other issues of public concern. However, the proposal to accept the Centre-implemented project is likely to be passed during the general body meeting as NMC is already doing very poor on reforms front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17644269", "title": "Six trains to be cancelled from January 1-5", "text": "DHANBAD: Six trains connecting Dhanbad to different parts of the country will remain cancelled from January 1 to 5 and routes of 14 other trains running through the town will be changed to facilitate route relay inter-locking.According to railways officials here, Patna-Dhanbad Intercity Express and five other trains will be cancelled during the period.Dhanbad-Allepy Express linking Dhanbad to Alphuza in Kerala will originate from Bokaro and terminate there, Dhanbad-Firozpur Satlaj Express will start and end at Parasnath station, Dhanbad-Jamshedpur Subernrekha Express will start from Sindri, Dhanbad-Howarah Black Diamond Express will originate from Asansol, Dhanbad-Pune Dikshabhumi Express will start and end at Gaya and Dhanbad-Jhargram Express will run from Chandrapura station.Howrah-Jaisalmer Express will run via Jhajha-Patna and routes of Shaktipunj Express linking Dhanbad to Jabalpur, Ranchi Intercity, Vananchal Express also have been changed.Meanwhile, work on expansion of the southern end of Dhanbad station started here on Saturday. The railways has sanctioned Rs 4.50 crore for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645535", "title": "Portrait of the Pandit as a pun-dit", "text": "KOLKATA: The stars of sitar maestro Ravi Shankar's galaxy came together in singing his praise at the Rabindra Sarobar open air on Sunday. And their portrait of the artiste showed not a classical guru, but a grinning mischief-lover. Shankar the naughty, Shankar the witty. On this evening, the pun-dit eclipsed the Pandit.Mamata Shankar recounted tales of her Kaka (uncle), the \"cordial, courteous, child-like\" maestro. \"I'm fortunate to have had such an uncle, and a father (Uday Shankar). It's only now that I realise what we have lost,\" she rued. Mamata narrated how the maestro would create something spectacular out of nothing. \"He didn't play music but played with it. He would divide us into groups and give us a word, 'Saraswati'. Then he'd ask each group to chant the name in various notes and octaves as he stood like a choir master and directed. The word thus became a concert on its own, like magic.\"Rabin Pal, a close aide of Ravi Shankar, regaled the audience with heartwarming episodes and experiences with the master. \"Just two months ago, guruji called to wish me on Bijaya Dashami. He said 'This is probably my last Bijaya Dashami.' He said he just felt like saying it, so he did,\" said Pal. He went on to recount where they first met, how Panditji would call him to various cities and not let him go. \"I had a return flight ticket but guruji wouldn't let me go. I kept telling him, the ticket will expire, but he wouldn't relent. Finally he allowed me to leave, but the ticket was of no use then. He smiled serenely and said, 'I am telling you to go to the airport, have faith.' I nervously reached the airport and as expected, I was told at the counter that I can't fly on that ticket. I sought to see the airport manager. The manager asked me my name and said, 'Oh, Ravi Shankar has sent you? Please go ahead.' That was when I realised this man can do anything,\" Pal said. He described the maestro as a loving, invaluable friend. \"Guruji and then President R Venkataraman were seated next to each other. He called me over and made me sit on his other side, and told me not to move.\"Bickram Ghosh and Tanmoy Bose described their long association with the master, the years of making music together and the time spent with him at his home. Bose, who in November performed with the maestro at what would be his last concert, remembered the mischief-loving Ravi Shankar. \"Guruji was a lot of fun to be with. Often, he would take us out on a 'boy's day out',\" said Bose.The two percussionists recounted together an incident which showed Panditji's light-hearted side. \"Guruji had told us the practice at dawn was sacred and instructed us to bathe before the riyaaz. But it was impossible for us to take a shower so early, so we just put on some hair gel and went to him. After a while, he said 'Ghora, (Ghosh) I know you haven't bathed, but why is your hair wet?' We defended ourselves emphatically, so guruji felt my skin and said, 'you're still warm, I can bet you haven't bathed' and burst out laughing.\" Ghosh, who played host at the event was organised by KIT, KMDA and Live In India group, praised Panditji's \"fantastic sense of humour\" and love for punning.Jaya Biswas, the 'first lady of sitar' and the maestro's student, also recalled Ravi Shankar's love for pun. \"I had told guruji, 'apni khub pun koren (you pun a lot). ''Ami pan (drink) kori? He admonished me,\" Ghosh recounted how the master, when asked how he played with words so well, had answered, \"You know why? Because I am a pun-dit.\" The master of ragas was completely devoid of raag (anger). \"I learnt discipline from him, but most importantly, learned how to control my temper,\" said Biswas. \"Uni Gandharvalok theke eschilen, abar sekhanei phire gelen (he came from the paradise of music and now he's gone back.)\"\"I've never seen anyone who loved Kolkata more. He had all magazines sent to him,\" said Ghosh. \"Not just magazines, he also kept a track of Tollywood,\" added Mamata.Ghosh thanked the master for putting not just classical music but also India on the global map. \"Whenever we would go abroad, people would hear 'India' and say, 'Oh, you're from Ravi Shankar's country, the land of sitar?'.\"Panditji's longtime accompanist Partha Sarathi Chowdhury, who met the master in 1970 at the age of 10, and musician Abhijeet Banerjee paid tribute to Panditji with a captivating concert. The experience was enhanced with the screening of the 1971 documentary on Shankar - 'Raga'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645253", "title": "Traffic diversions for Andhra Pradesh CM visit", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The authorities have issued orders to divert heavy traffic and light motor traffic along various routes on December 17, 18 and 19 in view of the chief minister's tour in the district. The diversions would be in place from 9 am to 12 pm and 2 pm to 7 pm on the 17th and from 8 am to 12 pm on the 18th and from 3 pm to 8 pm on the 19th.Heavy vehicles from Anakapalli to Vizag via NH-5 would be diverted off the National Highway at Lankellapalem and allowed to proceed via Sabbavaram, Pendurthy and Anandapuram. Traffic from Srikakulam (NH-5) and Vizianagaram (NH-43) would be diverted off the road at Anandapuram Junction and allowed to proceed on the Sontyam, Pendurthy and Sabbavaram route. The heavy vehicles coming in from Pendurthy would be diverted to Anandapuram via Sontyam and from Anandapuram to Sabbavaram.Traffic proceeding from Sontyam via Adivivaram into the city would be diverted from Adavivaram (BRTS road) to Hanumanthavaka junction in the city.Vehicles entering the city via Anandapuram, Pendurthy, Adavivaram route would be diverted towards Pendurthy and Sontyam junction. Traffic from Madhurawada (within the city) would be diverted towards Adavivaram via Hanumanthavaka junction. Vehicles going from Steel Plant would not be allowed to proceed towards the city. Traffic from Shiela Nagar proceeding towards the NAD Kotha Road junction would be diverted to Convent junction via Port road. Normal traffic proceeding along the highway towards NAD Kotha Road junction would be diverted towards Kancharapalem via Thatichetlapalem junction. All vehicles proceeding towards the city from Sabbavaram via Vepagunta would be diverted towards the Vepagunta-Goshala road to Hanumanthawaka junction. Traffic towards the highway from NAD Kotha Road junction would be diverted to Kancharapalem via Marripalem.Light motor traffic within the city limits would be diverted at various points depending on the schedule of the chief minister during the three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644467", "title": "Schools desperate for minority tag to avoid RTE", "text": "KOCHI: An inordinately large number of schools in the state is rushing to seek minority status to avoid the provisions of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, especially those related to admitting 25% students from disadvantaged sections and better pay for teachers.In 2012, 670-odd schools across the state were issued minority status by National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions (NCMEI). Records show that many schools sought minority status after the RTE Act was implemented in 2009. In 2011, it was 677 schools while between 2009 and 2010, around 1,100 institutions got minority status. In contrast, between 2006 and 2008, only 93 schools had applied for minority status and received it.\"In the past two years, many institutions from Kerala have approached the commission for minority certificate. If this is being done to circumvent the 25% reservation in the RTE Act, then personally I believe that it is unfortunate as there is no justification for a minority institution which takes benefit of the rights guaranteed to them under the Constitution, while denying the benefits that is guaranteed to the marginalized section under the Constitution,\" said NCMEI member Dr Cyriac Thomas.\"It is true that after RTE Act was implemented, more and more institutions have applied for minority certificate. This is mainly because RTE Act is not applicable to minority institutes. About 100 schools are still waiting to get minority status,\" said Kerala CBSE School Management Association president T P M Ibrahim Khan.To get minority status, many institutions have improvised their trust deed stating that \"the institution is run for the benefit of minority community\" and even changed their constitution. For a school to have a minority tag, it is also compulsory for it to prove that two-third members of its founding group and the current management are from the minority community.\"It is impossible for us to reserve 25% of seats for children from underprivileged sections and pay teachers fees as recommended by the government. Once we have minority status, we are exempt from the RTE Act,\" admitted Toc H public school principal, N M George. Toc H has recently applied for minority status and is optimistic about getting it.\"If we strictly implement the provisions of the RTE Act, then we will have to close down our schools. From the fees collected from students, we pay the teachers' salary and manage the school's functioning,\" said an official at Bhavans Kochi Kendra.It is not just CBSE and ICSE schools. Even private schools following the state syllabus have gone for minority status. \"Besides being exempted from implementing the RTE Act, a minority institution is insulated from government interference in matters of admission and appointment,\" said Kerala Private Secondary School Headmasters' Association president M Joseph.The RTE rules apply to only non-minority schools. With more than 40% private schools in the state being run by minority communities, experts fear that this would defeat the purpose of RTE Act in Kerala. \"By getting minority status, the schools ensure that there is no control over them and the very purpose of RTE Act is defeated,\" said noted educationist R V G Menon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644491", "title": "Man roughs up cop after bike is towed away, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A traffic constable was roughed up by a motorist over a spat on towing the latter's bike in Kandivli (W) on Saturday. The Kandivli police have arrested the motorist, Vivek Kinjavdekar (34), on charges of assaulting a public servant. He was released on bail on Sunday by a local court.Instances of attacks on policemen continue unabated despite the police commissioner's order that such instances would be taken very seriously.According to the police, Kinjavdekar is a resident of Charkop village and is unemployed. On Saturday, a towing vehicle took away his bike when it was found parked in a no-parking zone. \"Kinjavdekar was furious as his bike had been towed on many occasions in the past. He went to the Kandivli traffic chowky and lost his cool when he noticed that the seat of his bike was torn,\" a police officer said.Kinjavdekar met constable Dinkar Chakor from the chowky and demanded that the traffic police compensate him for the torn bike seat. He also inquired why his bike was being targetted by the traffic cops so often. An argument ensued between Kinjavdekar and Chakor. \"Kinjavdekar hit Chakor on his chest and tore his shirt. The constable fell to the ground,\" the officer added. Chakor's peers rushed to his aid and overpowered Kinjavdekar, before handing him over to the Kandivli police.Kinjavdekar was booked under sections 332 and 353 of IPC. He could not be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644471", "title": "Rehman Malik brushes off LeT, Saeed link to 26/11", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an extraordinary claim that should reverberate through both India and Pakistan, visiting Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik said Delhi had no cause to blame Hafiz Saeed and his terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba for attacks against India. \"Saeed was supposed to belong to LeT... But we banned LeT... Most LeT members have now joined the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP),\" he said.Speaking at a think tank here on Sunday, Malik suggested that the 26/11 attacks were because of India's intelligence failure and had no connection with the Pakistani establishment.The outrageous remarks may sound even more disturbing if they are read along with Pakistan's insistence that there is no evidence against Saeed.On David Headley being a double agent, Malik dismissed it airily, saying the US-born LeT operative visited India numerous times, set up business, made friends and conducted a reconnaissance with modern gadgets, and nobody had a clue, indicating some degree of collusion with Indian agencies.He said Headley was in \"touch with (Al Qaeda affiliate) Ilyas Kashmiri , who got Benazir Bhutto killed, and three Indians - Abu Jundal, Sabauddin Ahmed (whom he called Jabiullah for some reason) and Fahim Ansari - two of whom were arrested even before the attacks\". Continuing his tirade, Malik claimed that Abu Jundal had admitted to being a \"source\" for an \"elite Indian intelligence agency\" in his statement to the Saudi Arabian authorities after his arrest.\"If you put things together, there are three guys, one coming from the US, and he has money, he has got credit cards, he has moved all over, he had created franchise, he had created a social circle. All these should have come to the attention of some agencies. Now the agencies failed. Both here and in Pakistan. Why? Because there was no interaction between Pakistan and India,\" Malik said.Both Fahim and Sabauddin have been acquitted in the case and there is no record of Headley meeting them anywhere.However, Malik further used these arguments to obfuscate Pakistan's involvement in the attacks saying, \"So it is not a state sponsored drama, state sponsored action. It is action by non-state actors. Triangular nexus between Headley, (Ilyas) Kashmiri, the enemy of Pakistan, a Major (Maj Haroon) who deserted the Pakistan Army, having joined LeT and of course three Indians...\"Malik denied any infiltration (of terrorists) from Pakistan into India and went on to equate it with the migration across the US-Mexico border. \"There is no government hand in infiltration. (On the borders) there is an issue of migration. This is an issue affecting the entire region. Even other countries have faced it. On US-Mexico border, authorities built a high wall, but even that could not stop migration. There is tendency of migration in the region,\" Malik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17645020", "title": "Everesters decide to promote adventure sports in Himachal schools", "text": "MANALI: Everesters from Himachal Pradesh have united to introduce adventure activities in schools across the state and have decided to seek help from government to promote adventure sports. This was decided during the second annual general body meeting of Himachal Pradesh Everesters Association (HPEA) held in Manali on Sunday.Over 28 Everesters from different parts of the state participated in the meet and discussed issues regarding disaster management, protection of fragile mountain ecology and introduction of adventure sports in school curriculum. \"Veteran mountaineers gave presentation on various expeditions and discussed issues related to mountaineering and other adventure activities,\" said Col Prem Chand, president of association.HPEA general secretary Rajeev Sharma said that four more youths - Khimi Ram, Ashwani Kumar, Rajat and Kami Dawa - all from Himachal, have been selected for an expedition to Mount Everest in 2013. \"Another youth, Ajay Sohal, will be part of first ever Everest expedition by Lawrence School, Sanawar, next year\" he said.HPEA members also paid homage to veteran climber and twice Everest summiteers Subedar Amar Parkash, who is recipient of Shaurya Chakra. Homage was also paid to Ran Singh Lohia, senior ski, mountaineering and rescue instructor who was known as father of skiing in Himachal, Kulbhushan Chauhan, ski instructor and Chobe Ram Thakur, mountaineering instructor. All these veterans played an important role in promotion of adventure activities in Himachal and trained thousands of people from across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17645414", "title": "Villagers raise anti-police slogans", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Demanding immediate arrest of a man who had allegedly abducted a minor girl, the agitated villagers of Prithipur on Sunday staged a demonstration and raised anti-police slogans.They alleged that even after six days of the kidnapping, the police have failed to arrest the accused.The village panchayat also held a meeting in which villagers demanded speedy action by the police administration.\"This is clear cut inaction on the part of police. Six days have passed, but police could not nab the accused,\" said Seema, village sarpanch.Police on December 12 had registered a case against Aslam, 30, for allegedly kidnapping a minor girl on the complaint of the father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643713", "title": "Several trains originating from Delhi rescheduled", "text": "LUCKNOW: The winter chill might be yet to set in, but the dropping temperature has already started affecting the movement of trains due to fog at some of the routes. On Sunday, several trains originating from Delhi division were running late due to operational reasons. The affected trains pass through several railway stations of UP as well. More than a dozen trains were either re-scheduled or partially cancelled.The affected trains included 13484 Delhi-Malda Town Farakka Express, 14006 Anand Vihar-Sitamarhi Lichchvi Express, 13040 Delhi Jn-Howrah Janta Express, 12304 New Delhi-Howrah Poorva Express, 12502 New Delhi-Guwahati Purvottar Sampark Kranti Express and 12394 New Delhi-Rajender Nagar Sampoorna Kranti Express. These trains were re-scheduled.The trains which were running late by more than 15 hours included 14383 Malda Town-Delhi Farakka Express and 13111 Kolkata-Delhi Lal Quila Express. There were several other trains like 13039 Howrah-Delhi Janta Express and 12303 Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express running late by more than five hours in Sunday. Besides, some of the trains were also cancelled.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645182", "title": "Bhujbal assures maximum funds for Kumbh mela", "text": "NASHIK: Guardian Minister, Chhagan Bhujbal , assured the NMC delegation that he would try to secure as much funds as possible from the Kumbh Mela planning committee for Simhastha Kumbh Mela in Nashik in 2015-16.An NMC delegation led by mayor Yatin Wagh met the guardian minister on Sunday and presented a memorandum to him. The memorandum read that an action plan had been prepared by the various departments of the NMC on August 28, 2012, for civic infrastructure, facilities for the Sadhugram at Tapovan, transport, traffic management, water supply, sewerage facility, health services etc and that they needed funds for the same.The delegation said that considering the financial condition of the NMC, it needed more funds for developmental works.In the memorandum, the mayor requested the guardian minister to facilitate funds from the state and central government for the NMC. He also said that huge amounts were needed for land acquisition in various places in Nashik and lack of funds was making it difficult.Addressing the delegation, Bhujbal said that the planning committee for the Simhastha Kumbh Mela has approved of the action plan under the chairmanship of the chief minister.He specifically instructed the delegation to clean the Godavari at the earliest for the pilgrims and tourists.Addressing the NMC delegation, Bhujbal said that the planning committee for Simhastha Kumbh Mela has approved of the action plan under the chairmanship of the chief minister. He specifically instructed the delegation to clean the Godavari at the earliest for the pilgrims and tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644973", "title": "RTC bus rams into bike, one dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: A final year degree student died, while his friend suffered severe injuries when a speedingRTC bus rammed into their bike in Chandrayangutta on Sunday. Soon after the incident, angry locals damaged the bus by pelting stones at it.The victim was identified as 24-year-old Syed Sohail Ali from Jahanuma in Falaknuma. His friend Mohammed Ibrahim , 24, suffered severe injuries from the incident. Around 11.30 am, Sohail and Ibrahim, both final year students of Shadan Degree College, Khairatabad, were travelling on their bikefrom Falaknuma to Pahadesharif, the Chandrayangutta police said.At CRPF main gate, the bike collided with an APSRTC bus (AP 28 Z 4763)which was coming in the opposite direction. Ibrahim was riding the vehicle, while Sohail was sitting behind. After the collision the two were rushed to a nearby hospital. \"Sohail was declared brought dead at the hospital and Ibrahim is undergoing treatment. His condition is said to be critical,\" Chandrayangutta sub-inspector (SI) N Karuna Kumar said.Immediately after the incident, the bus driver abandoned the vehicle and fled from the spot. Locals soon gathered around the bus and started pelting stones at it. Windshields and window panes of the bus were damaged in the incident, but police quickly reached the spot and brought the situation under control by dispersing the angry mob.A case was booked against the bus driver under section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17648873", "title": "Projects off track, railways pass the buck on state govt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Close on heels of Centre slashing budgetary allocations for various railway projects in state twice this year, the fate of long-pending projects hangs in balance due to the abysmally poor show by the Rail Vikas Nigam Limited(RVNL), an enterprise created to undertake railway engineering works.Progress report of several RVNL-executed projects indicated how the nigam completely failed to expedite the much-awaited railway projects. The railways in 2005 entrusted RVNL with taking up projects like doubling of tracks between Khurda Road and Barang(35 km), Cuttack-Barang(12 km), Rajaathgarh-Barang(27 km), Jakhapura-Haridaspur(25 km), Angul-Sukinda(98 km) and Banspani-Tomka-Jakhapura(180 km), and laying new lines between Haridaspur and Paradip(82 km), Sambalpur-Titlagarh(182 km) and Raipur-Titlagarh(203 km) in Odisha, sources said. Earlier the works were being looked after by the engineering wing of East Coast Railway(ECoR).Official sources revealed that RVNL has so far made zero progress in Rs 950-crore Sambalpur-Titlagarh project, which was sanctioned in 2006-07. Though RVNL received a grant of Rs 80 crore for 2012-13, it has so far (between April and October) spent a naught. Scenario is no better for Angul-Sukinda project. The project was included in the budget in 1998-99 with sanctioned cost of nearly Rs 638 crore.RVNL has so far made only 2% physical progress in the project, revealed the factsheet (a copy of which is with TOI). \"Out of the total sanctioned budget, RVNL has managed to spend only Rs 68 crore in the last 14 years,\" said a railway officer.Similarly, much-needed Cuttack-Barang doubling (only 12 km) work is going on since 2005, casting doubts over its commissioning. The project, once commissioned, is likely to improve movement of trains between Bhubaneswar and Cuttack. The RVNL, up to October, 2012, completed only 76% work, the report said.The Haridaspur-Paradip project is another glaring example of RVNL's poor show. Though budgetary provision of about Rs 1,186 crore was made in 1996-97, only around Rs 198 crore has been spent till October. Sources said the project has made overall physical progress of only 16%.RVNL officers here defended the tardy progress and passed the buck to the state government and the ECoR for delay in land acquisition. \"Though requisite amount of money has been deposited with departments concerned, land acquisition is going on slowly. We can make progress if land acquisition is expedited,\" an RVNL officer said requesting anonymity.\"Land acquisition problem apart, some projects became stagnant due to termination of work contracts on technical grounds. Fresh tenders are being floated to expedite the projects,\" the officer said. While the engineering wing of the railways, which is also carrying out several projects in Odisha, has spent 95.74% and 83.86% during two previous financial years, the RVNL was able to spend only 25.21% and 16.24% respectively.The railways is handling projects like Khurda Road-Bolangir new line (289 km), Lanjigarh-Junagarh new line(56km), Talcher-Bimlagarh new line (154 km), Jharsuguda-Rengali doubling(25.6km), Sambalpur-Talcher doubling(174.11km) and Delang-Puri doubling(28.7km).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648299", "title": "21.12.2012: End of the world?", "text": "With the so-called Doomsday around the corner, youngsters in the city are rooting for partying rather than crying about it.Stop planning your career, don't bother buying a house, and be sure to spend the last days of your life doing something you always wanted to do but never had the time. Now you have the time, four days to be precise, to enjoy yourselves before... the end.The dreaded date will soon be upon us when the world will go dark. The Mayans may have predicted the end of the world and believers may even be going to pray. Many believe that in some way, shape or form, the Earth (or at least a large portion of humans on the planet) will cease to exist.Your view depends on whether you believe in a much-publicized but debunked interpretation of the Mayan calendar, or you don't. After all, the date is not likely to be repeated. And, so, all around the world people are getting ready to party. How could our city folk be behind? But the big question is what will Chennai be doing on 21.12.2012?Chennaiites are being given an opportunity to remember this day by letting their hair down. Party-goers and some disco-cum-lounges have organized dos, aimed mainly at drawing in the younger set.According to Lemuel Herbert, Associate Vice President and Area General Manager of a star hotel in the city, \"21.12.12 can be looked at as the end, or the beginning of a whole new world. We are the key and nemesis of ourselves. Whether tomorrow dies or not, we live on to party!\"The hotel will be organizing a 'Hennessy artistry' party on the day and many have already confirmed that they will be attending it. \"I will be there for sure. If the world ends, I don't want to be stuck at home. I might as well party,\" says Sumedha, a college student.Of course, it is not the only party in the city. Saurabh, a college student, is organizing a party at his beach house and has invited all his friends there to witness Doomsday. And, what is his idea behind the party? \"If we are going to go, we are going to go jumping, screaming and letting the future know that we existed,\" he says.Karthik has a different approach looking at Doomsday. \"It's supposed to be the end of the world and I want to dance till I drop \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whether I drop because of the exhaustion or the world ending. If I am going to die, then how does it matter what I died doing? All that will matter is that I was having a time of my life when I did.\"So the verdict is out. If it's going to be the end of the world, the city wants to party and party hard. If the world is going to end on December 21, 2012, partying is the better alternative than crying about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644406", "title": "Bapu letters, statute copy make a killing at Sotheby\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s", "text": "NEW DELHI: An anonymous bidder bought the letter written by Mahatma Gandhi in 1922 to Rabindranath Tagore's brother Dwijendranath at seven times its pre-sale estimate along with another while a rare copy of the Indian Constitution sold for nearly eight times its offered price to a private collector at a Sotheby's sale in London.\"The buyer of the Constitution copy is a private collector while an anonymous buyer bought the two letters related to Gandhi. Therefore, two separate buyers,\" a Sotheby's official said.The letter written by Gandhi from Sabarmati jail to Dwijendranath fetched 49,250 pounds at the Sotheby's sale of English Literature, History, Children's Books and Illustrations on Wednesday. It had an estimate of 5,000-7,000 pounds.After being lodged in the jail in Ahmedabad, Gandhi wrote the autographed letter rejoicing that his incarceration had come at a time when he felt fully prepared and expressing joy that \"India's wonderful calm at this moment is significant of her strength\". The limited first edition of the Constitution on stiff Whatman paper with an estimate 4,000-5,000 pounds sold for 39,650 pounds (hammer price with buyer's premium). The copy is signed by President Rajendra Prasad in English and Devnagari on the authentication page and also by Jawaharlal Nehru dated 1950 on the front free end papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644074", "title": "Mazagon JV gives self sweeping powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sensational twist to the controversy surrounding the formation of a joint venture between public sector unit Mazagon Dock Limited and Pipavav Shipyard, the JV has filed a Memorandum of Association giving itself sweeping powers, far in excess of what existing PSUs enjoy in defence sector. Among the plans of the JV is a bizarre claim to act as a broker in the business of warship and weapon making, which is illegal in India.According to sources and official documents, the MoA filed by the JV is in violation of the guidelines laid down by the defence ministry for formation of such JVs between PSUs and private sector. Besides, it has also gone far beyond what the MDL board had approved, giving rise to questions about who really controls the JV.The latest developments in the JV formation come even as vigilance division of the defence ministry is conducting an enquiry into the entire affair. The enquiry was ordered in the face of allegations that it is being formed in violation of detailed guidelines laid down by the defence ministry in February 2012 for such ventures.The move by the MDL board to go ahead with the JV despite the inquiry has itself surprised many within the government. TOI had reported on November 30 about the alleged violation of guidelines issued by the defence ministry, and the vigilance inquiry against it.Even as the MDL leadership is yet to reply to the vigilance queries, it went ahead with the JV formation and approved the MoA and Articles of Association for the JV named Mazagon Dock Pipavav Defence Pvt Ltd. According to sources, the MoA and AoA filed by the JV before the Registrar of Companies Maharashtra on December 3 was not what MDL board had approved, in a further twist to the controversial move.The MDL board approved the MoA for the JV as, \"To build surface warships, including implementation of appropriate technologies and reporting systems which are consistent with the current industry standards, procure and supply the required materials/equipment required for undertaking construction of surface warships.\"However, what was finally filed with the RoC Maharashtra was hugely different and sweeping in nature, bestowing the JV with an aim far bigger than what any other defence PSU has. The MoA now filed with the RoC says the company wants to undertake construction and design of warships to aircraft carriers, from seaplanes to flying boats, and also wants to act as a broker in the industry.Surprisingly, the MoA also declares the JV's intent to make armaments, weapon systems, surveillance communication equipment etc. This declaration defies logic, because the JV doesn't have government permission to build weapon systems, and it is supposed to be only for warship building.Further, the JV has also declared its decision to act as agent and broker in these businesses. The defence ministry doesn't recognize any brokers in the defence business, and it is criminal to be a middleman in the defence sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645704", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCloud\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s a super-cheap supercomputer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Werner Vogels is the CTO at Amazon, which has a major R&D; centre in Bangalore that works on both its online shopping platform and its pioneering cloud computing platform . On a recent visit to Bangalore, Vogels told TOI that the company had lowered its cloud computing rates 20 times since its inception , thanks to greater efficiencies and higher customer volumes . \"When we switched on the light in this room today, we did not think how much it would cost. Imagine IT becoming like that. You will see so much innovation if cost is not abarrier,\" said the man who is seen as one of those who helped make cloud computing a reality.You have said cloud is beginning to enable supercomputing-like applications. Where do you see this happening?Drug development is one area. Say you want to stop the behaviour of a cancer protein. You need a molecule to do that. But you do not know which of the 20 million molecules you have will work. With a company's regular processors, it could take up to two months to find a potential molecule candidate. But with the cloud, you can get enough computing capacity to do it in an hour. There is such a drug development work that his happening through Schrodinger (which develops software algorithms for pharma research) and CycleComputing (which executes big data work on the cloud). The cloud can dramatically reduce drug development time, which is very important for pharma companies.Any other applications?There's lots of seismographic work happening. Oceanographic institutes that study the bottom of the oceans have put sensors over all oceans. Every day, data from these sensors come into the Amazon cloud for researchers to work on them. Our cloud is used to create panoramic views of Mars from the images that the Mars Rover sends. It's also used to deep dive into each of the pixels in the images to understand what they represent. It was this that enabled them to identify a riverbed, which gave an indication that there was water once in Mars.You are saying these are not easy to do with traditional computing systems?No, it's not. Also, the cloud provides a collaborative environment , enables researchers from Nasa and many universities around the world to collaborate in real time.Cloud is popular with startups for its cost effectiveness. Are enterprises as enthusiastic ?Both here and in other emerging markets there's an acceleration in the enterprise segment . It's almost as if they're looking to counterparts in Japan , US, EU, realizing that if Shell, the New York Times and Washington Post are all running on this platform, it's probably okay for them to do it as well.They are looking for ways to more than save money; they want to be able to execute quickly, develop products quickly, and they do not want to wait to make the massive capital investments necessary for that. Take Eros Now, the internet streaming company in India, it's really interesting to see how fast they were able to develop their platform , in just a matter of months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12933677", "title": "Mammootty \u00e2\u20ac\u201c A lawyer?", "text": "We all know Mammootty as an 'ace actor' and 'superstar of the decade' for the Malayalam cinema, but very few of us know that Mammootty could have been a lawyer if not an actor.Yes, now known for his extravagant acting abilities and impressive dialogue delivery, Mammootty, was once determined to take law as his career. After completing his LLB from Ernakulam Law College, he even practiced law for two years at Manjeri.Although he was interested in sports and arts during his school and college years, he never thought of making a career out of it.He was first seen in the movie Anubhavangal Paalichakal, where he was part of a running crowd. He was not even credited for his role in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644335", "title": "Four chains snatched on Saturday evening", "text": "PUNE: Gold chains worth Rs 2.80 lakh were snatched in separate incidents in the city on Saturday evening.In the first incident at Warje-Malwadi on Saturday night, four men on two motorcycles robbed gold chains of a couple. The chains were valued at Rs 1.50 lakh. The incident took place around 11 pm on at Warje when the couple was returning home after closing their fish stall located nearby. A complaint has been lodged by Yashwant Dorkulkar (45) with the Warje Malwadi police station.Assistant inspector D D Salunkhe told TOI that Dorkulkar's stall is located in Warje Malwadi and he stays closeby. On Saturday, after closing his stall around 10 pm, Dorkulkar and his wife Kalawati cleaned the shop and set for their home on a motorcycle. \"After they travelled a short distance, a group of four men blocked their way. One of them came near him and snatched his gold chain. Dorkulkar's wife Kalawati tried to stop the man, but the three others stepped in and snatched her chain as well,\" Salunkhe said.The second incident took place at Sudarshannagar in Chinchwad on Saturday around 7.30 pm in which two motorcycle-borne youths snatched gold chain worth Rs 60,000 from an elderly woman. A complaint has been lodged by Suchita Narvekar (60) with the Chinchwad police station.Another incident took place in Shahunagar area of Chinchwad around 5 pm on Saturday. The complainant, Saraswati Nadar (33), was on her way home when two persons on a motorcycle snatched her chain worth Rs 70,000. The Bhosari MIDC police are investigating the case further.On December 9, two youths on a motorcycle thrashed a 40-year-old woman before snatching her two gold chains which are valued at Rs 52. The incident took place at Gondhalenagar in Hadapsar. Sunita Arjun Kharade has lodged a complaint with the Hadapsar police station.Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644629", "title": "Majaw: Soon Goa will be a memory", "text": "PANAJI: For a small community in Shillong , Christmas falls in May. For 40 years now, Lou Majaw, the mascot of Shillong's celebrated rock culture, has celebrated Bob Dylan's birthday, slinging on a guitar and belting out the iconoclast musician's fare. Some years, nobody turned up. It didn't matter to Majaw. Almost nothing does. \"I do this to make myself happy,\" he says. \"It's how I thank him for what he's done for me.\"At 65, Majaw still exudes an exuberance that would put artistes half his age to shame; at the Goa Arts and Literary Festival in Dona Paula, the silver-haired rocker is ubiquitous. \"It's beautiful being part of this,\" he says, gesturing towards a garden, where at various tables, intense conversations are in progress, the walls between writer and reader slowly being chipped down. \"It thrives on give and not on take; it's the spirit of sharing, which is enriching,\" he says.As a child growing up on the outskirts of Shillong, serenading litterateurs and poets isn't what he thought he'd be doing. \"I was born in a very poor family, and when I was three months old, my father went to meet his creator,\" he says. \"We couldn't see any meals.\" Later, at boarding school, he quickly developed a disdain for education. \"It was like donkeys braying and children listening,\" he says.Yet, it was there that he decided to be a musician. \"For the first time, I saw a guitar!\" he says. \"It was the most beautiful sight. And when I touched it, it was magical.\" Years later, in the 60s, he would first encounter his idol. \"I used to listen to Cliff Richard and Elvis,\" he recalls. \"Then one day, I heard Bob Dylan ,\" he exclaims, and then goes silent for a while. \"The moment I heard those lyrics, I knew: This was the real deal.\" Half a century later, his reverential attitude towards Dylan remains strong and is his spiritual disciple, though as a musician, his repertoire has expanded to other great songwriters. Has he thought of ever stopping the Dylan birthday celebrations? \"Hah!\" he exclaims, revolted at the thought of such an unspeakable idea. He continues, speaking slowly. \"It won't stop. When Lou Majaw dies, someone will carry the baton forward,\" he says.At Azad Maidan on Monday night, he will give Goa a taste of Dylan, as well as of himself. \"I will dedicate one of my songs, 'Oh most beautiful', to Goa.\" His eyes sweeping the concrete structures that have replaced the erstwhile green, he justifies his song lyrics-\"Goa is going,\" he pronounces, with the air of a sage predicting the end of the world, \"It will be not be the same. Soon, it will only be a memory.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17643212", "title": "Dull track deflates Ravichandran Ashwin", "text": "NAGPUR: Trailing 1-2 in the series, India had all to play for after fighting back on Day 3. However, only 14 wickets had fallen in the last three days and the wicket wasn't helping either batsmen or bowlers.Asked about India's muddled approach with the bat in the morning, Ravichandran Ashwin said, \"At eight down you don't have the best of abilities at 9, 10 and 11.So you can't really expect someone to smack Anderson over the top for a six or anything with such a sponge ball. All through this game the average has been 70-80 runs per session, so we were basically looking to take the singles.We got many three or four run overs. We were looking to eat into the lead and they bowled just 12 overs in that particular hour.\" With 161 runs on the board with only three English wickets down, the match seems to be heading for a draw.Asked what India were planning for the last day, Ashwin said, \"It is very hard to approach anything differently because you can't keep six or seven men around the bat and bowl and give away runs as well.\"As for the likelihood of a draw, which will hand England the series, Ashwin said, \"Stranger things have happened. I am not trying to be very optimistic but we have done it in India before, to get 6-7 wickets in a session.It is just about trying to get a couple of early wickets tomorrow.\" He said the pitch had not changed in character even after four days. \"Apart from the colour change that was indicated, nothing else has changed.\"Asked whether the Nagpur wicket was suitable for Test cricket, Ashwin remained diplomatic. \"I don't know (smiles). It is just another form of Test cricket. Test cricket has always got many draws and many victories over a period of time.I think it is one such game where all players have to get accustomed to such kind of wickets and try and squeeze in what best you can.\"The Trott incident, in which the batsman smacked a misfiring Ravindra Jadeja delivery, didn't please the Indian team. \"It was just that the shot he got away was a rolling ball. It just seemed to us as a little innocuous.When you talk about gamesmanship and sportsmanship, I think you should hold by yourself to expect the same from opponents,\" Ashwin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17647105", "title": "Rajya Sabha to vote on job quota bill today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rajya Sabha will on Monday vote on the controversial Constitution (117th Amendment) Bill 2012 that seeks to provide quota in promotion for SC/ST employees in government offices.While the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has been pressing the government to pass the bill, the Samajwadi Party (SP) has issued veiled threats saying it could reconsider its outside support to the ruling United Progressive Alliance (UPA) if the bill is passed.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had said in Lucknow on Saturday: \"If voting is done on the bill in the house, I will reconsider my party's support to the government.\"BJP vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters: \"The SP and BSP are hand-in-glove with the Congress. On several occasions, the two have jumped in to save the UPA government. The threat by Mulayam Singh Yadav is mere political posturing.\"Parliament has been disrupted frequestly over the issue since the winter session started on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17644214", "title": "Scientists find new technology to preserve fruits", "text": "RANCHI: Indian Institute of Natural Resins and Gums (IINRG) in Namkum has developed a specialized fruit coating formulation that increases shelf life, preserves moisture and protects fruits from germs.Scientists have successfully tested it on kinnow, a hybrid fruit that resembles orange and is mainly grown in northern India. Tests are being conducted on other fruits, including orange and apple, and vegetables like pointed gourd and brinjal.S K Pandey, a scientist at IINRG, said after successfully testing the formulation, which is made from lac, on kinnow last year, experts are now working to develop a similar formulae for other fruits and some vegetables.Scientists, when asked why separate preparation is needed for different fruits and vegetables, said it depended on the organic constitution of the substance and its physiology.\"There has to be a different formulation for every fruit. For example, kinnow and orange look almost the same and a common man may not differentiate between the two. But if we use the same formulation for orange as for kinnow, then it will not work. Similarly, we need to have different formulation for fruits like apple, which is consumed without removing the skin. In this case, we also need to get certificate from the food department to ensure that it is not harmful to the digestive system,\" said one of the scientists.The formulation for kinnow is now available for commercial use and any company or individual willing to make use of it can approach IINRG.\"The coating, which is water soluble and (has been) tested for food quality, increases shelf life of fruits and also preserves moisture. This helps in long-distance transportation of fruits and helps in getting a wider market. Farmers can wait for a longer period and sell only when they get good profit,\" said Pandey, adding that the coating, which acts as shield against germs, can revolutionize fruits and vegetables preservation process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645143", "title": "Get ready to snug as a bug in a rug", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though Sunday was not completely devoid of sunshine, the weathermen have predicted more chill could prevail in the region in next two-three days.The Chandigarh meteorology department predicted a sharp fall in day and night temperatures in Chandigarh and its neighbouring towns.\"Melting of snow in the upper Himalayan ranges and in hills of Himachal Pradesh would cause cold winds to blow in Chandigarh and nearby parts of Punjab and Haryana. In the next three days, the mercury would dip substantially, registering a significant drop in both day and night temperature,\" said Surinder Paul, director of Chandigarh meteorological centre.Met officials said they expect day temperature to fall by three to four degrees celsius, whereas the night temperature would fall by four to five degrees C.The residents are also advised to pull up their socks to brave foggy days ahead. Paul added they expect light to moderate rainfall to lash this region at regular intervals through the next week. The mornings would be foggy too during the coming days,\" he said. The city would be engulfed with dense fog during morning and evening hours by the last week of December.On Sunday, the maximum temperature was recorded at 22.3 degrees C and the minimum stayed at 10 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644360", "title": "Man held for robbing, threatening woman", "text": "PUNE: A criminal on police record, who was externed from the city, has been arrested for theft and threatening a woman inside her house in Parvatigaon by removing the regulator of an LPG cylinder.The police have identified the suspect as Nikhil alias Anna Sanjay Khomne (28) of Kothrud. The police have also booked Khomne's accomplice who is still at large. A complaint was lodged with the Swargate police station by Namrata Rahul Navgire (27) of Parvatigaon.Assistant inspector of the Swargate police station Y G Kadam told TOI that the incident took place around 5 am on Saturday when the complainant was at home alone.Khomne and his accomplice posed as policemen and forcibly entered Namrata's house. They pushed Namrata and threatened to kill her and her husband. They then searched the house and pocketed a gold chain worth Rs 10,000 which was kept on the table. \"Before leaving the house, Khomne removed the regulator of the LPG cylinder and ran away,\" Kadam said.Namrata quickly put the regulator back thus averting a major accident. She then approached the police. The police got a tip-off that Khomne would be at Shastri road on Saturday night. A trap was laid and Khomne was nabbed.During questioning, Khomne said he did so because of a money dispute with Rahul Navgire. The police have recovered a fake pistol from Khomne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "narwana (jind)", "code": "17644680", "title": "Khap leaders stick to their guns, start march to Delhi", "text": "NARWANA (JIND): The Sarv Jat Khap Panchayat (SJKP) on Sunday started its seven-day march from Narwana in Jind district of Haryana to Delhi demanding quota for the community in the OBC category.Over 100 members of three khaps led by SJKP president Nafe Singh Nain gathered in Narwana town and started their march towards Delhi saying that they will not backtrack from the agitation until they get an assurance from the centre government about the reservation centre and state government jobs as well as education institutions for jats.The SJKP had served an ultimatum to the state government earlier in March which expired on December 15. In response to their demand, the state government in principle had agreed on December 12 to provide 10% quota to Jats and four other castes by creating a separate special backward category and urged the khaps not to go ahead with the stir.Though 84 khap panchayats from Rohtak, Jhajjar and Sonipat and the all India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS) had welcomed the government's move, khaps from Hisar and Jind districts rejected it.SKJP spokesperson Sube Singh Samain said that they would reach Delhi on December 23 and block the road and rail connections to cut off supply of essential commodities like milk and vegetables to the national capital.He said that separate groups of khaps from Bhiwani, Hisar and Karnal are also marching towards Delhi simultaneously. Meanwhile, a meeting of the Jat leaders of various factions including those of SKJP, Rohtak Khaps and AIJASS with the Haryana chief minister is scheduled to be held in Chandigarh on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644155", "title": "Forces, Naxals exchange fire in Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: A posse of Central Reserve Police Force and Naxals had a brief gun battle at the forest of Kucher under Dhondraj armed outpost in highly sensitive Bhamragarh tehsil of Gadchiroli district on Sunday morning. CRPF force, along with district police, later seized 23 rucksacks, two Bharmar rifles, ammunition, explosives, several other Naxal literature, first aid material and medicines.It is learnt that CRPF, along with some district police personnel, had on Saturday undertaken a search and area domination exercise between Dhondraj and Laheri, a Naxal bastion. The stretch is also considered a crucial junction for anti-Naxal operations as this region serves as gateway to Naxal fortress 'Abhujmadh' from Maharashtra side.Naxals of Platoon 7 and local armed squad of Bhamragarh apparently opened fire on the CRPF men leading to gunfight. The Naxals retreated as the security forces retaliated aggressively.Inspector general of CRPF Nalin Prabhat said the ecounter site was densely forested and Naxals slipped away taking advantage of the tree cover. \"We feel the Naxals certainly have suffered casualties otherwise recovery of so many rucksacks, arms and ammunition would not have been possible. The forces had nearly got them this time,\" he said. The top cop, considered a master tactician for field operations, said there had been five encounters in the span of one month in which CRPF had cornered the rebels. \"In the same region, this is the second encounter since November,\" said the IG whose induction has given an edge to the operation in Gadchiroli.Apart from the arms and ammunition, the forces also recovered improvised explosive devices (IED), considerable quantity of gunpowder and tiffin boxes meant for manufacturing bombs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17645257", "title": "Hafiz Saeed vows to derail MFN status to India", "text": "LAHORE: The Defa-e-Pakistan Council (DPC) formed by Jamaat-ud Dawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed on Sunday launched a \"movement\" to oppose the move to grant Most Favoured Nation status (MFN) to India.\"On the pattern of a campaign against the reopening of Nato supply routes, today we announce the launching of a movement against giving MFN status to India,\" Saeed said addressing thousands of people who joined a \"peace march\" to the Wagah land border with India.Besides opposing the move to give India MFN status, the event marked the fall of Dhaka in the 1971 war that led to the creation of Bangladesh.During his address, gathered members shouted slogans in support of jihad.The DPC is an alliance of over 40 religious and extremist groups, including JuD, Jamaat-e-Islami and Jamiat Ulema-e- Islam-S, formed by Saeed after 24 Pakistani soldiers were killed in a Nato air strike last year.Saeed, for whom US offered a $10 million bounty this year, said his group will not allow Pakistan to become an \"Indian colony\" and claimed India had opened \"training camps\" in Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643628", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party backs anti-quota protestors", "text": "LUCKNOW: Arvind Kejariwal's Aam Aadmi Party has extended its support to the agitation of the general and OBC category employees, who are up in arms against the quota in promotion bill. The party in a statement said that it would seek to create a national dialogue and consensus on this potentially divisive issue.Party spokesperson, Manish Sisodia said that the party commits itself to the principled stand and refuses to be drawn into the cynical and short-sighted games played by the established political parties.\"The Congress has dithered and allowed itself to be blackmailed, while the BJP has maintained a strategic silence. Parties like SP and BSP have merely acted as pressure groups on behalf of one caste group or another. This is one more instance of how the political parties put its partisan interests above the national interest,\" Sisodia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17644192", "title": "Lack of co-ordination among government departments causing revenue loss", "text": "GAYA: Apparent lack of coordination among various government departments and agencies, besides causing revenue loss to the government also promotes illegal business which was evident in the aftermath of liquor tragedy as departments like excise, police, commercial- taxes, labour etc. had been looking the other way as the liquor mafia minted money at the cost of innocent lives and public expenditure.Officials, in low decibels agree with the shortcomings that led to the tragedy in which one dozen lives were lost.While trailing the liquor tragedy, the TOI stumbled on some facts that reflect very poorly on governance in the state. One such fact is that the commercial- taxes department is not aware of the total number of industries engaged in manufacturing business and allied activities. The other day commercial-taxes officials raided an aluminum factory allegedly engaged in clandestine aluminum business in Madrasa Anwarul Oloom premises off Swarajpuri Road. The commercial taxes officials found several anomalies pertaining to tax evasion. Confirming the raid at the aluminum factory, V K Dudani, joint commissioner, commercial taxes said the aluminum factory case will be properly disposed and penalty will be imposed.Asked if the aluminum manufacturing unit was registered with the industries department, he said he had been demanding the list of registered industries from the District Industry Centre (DIC) but the list has not been provided by the industries department.Asked if the commercial taxes department alerted other agencies like Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB), municipal corporation, police etc. about the unit, which as per RTI information given by the public information officer of the commercial taxes department was neither registered nor paying VAT, the joint commissioner replied in the negative.According to sources, involvement of BSEB and the municipal corporation in the context of the commercial- taxes department raid becomes important as it is important as several aluminum units across the state have been found melting stolen wires of the electricity board and almost all the stolen wires land in one or the other aluminum unit.Admitting it would have been proper to intimate other departments about the activities of the unit raided by the commercial- taxes department, Dudani said the department was acutely understaffed and as such there was problem even in the performance of our own job. He revealed he had several times sought from the I-T department the list of units earning over Rs 3 lakh profit but to no avail so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645483", "title": "105 days left to implement projects worth Rs 77 crore", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It will be an uphill task for corporation authorities to implement the developmental projects before the end of current financial year to avoid fund lapse. The corporation has only 105 days left for the execution of projects worth Rs 77 crore envisaged for the 2012-2013 financial year.The civic body would be able to begin the implementation process only after getting approval from the district plan committee. The corporation has envisaged around 1,500 projects for various sectors. Of these 1,200 are drawn up for the current fiscal. The corporation has earmarked 43% of the total fund for infrastructure development, 52% for the service sector and the rest for production sector.According to corporation officials, the civic body had utilized 64% of planning fund during the 2010-2011 and 54% during the 2009-2010 financial years. Road projects may take time due to various procedures involved in inviting tender, getting approval and frequent strikes by contractors. If the civic body fails to execute the projects on time then it would result in the lapsing of Rs 19 crore earmarked for road construction and Rs 98 lakh for road renovation. Another major sector that would be affected will be the maintenance of buildings as only a few contractors are ready to take up the work.The failure of filling the vacancy of a health officer also resulted in the rejection of proposals worth Rs 2.1 crore submitted by the corporation to the district medical officer. The chances of Rs 9 crore, earmarked for the development of scheduled caste, getting lapsed is also high because of the shortage of officials for the implementation of projects.M Mohanan, council party leader and public works standing committee chairman said the civic body has converted many projects as two-year schemes to avoid excessive fund lapse. \"The fund will be utilized in prime sectors such as drinking water, housing, introducing metering facility for streetlights, installation of high-mast lamps, construction of grand stand pavilion at the stadium and land acquisition for the development of eight roads,\" he said.\"It will be testing time for us. We have decided to prepare a project implementation calendar to ensure the implementation of projects on time to avoid fund lapse,\" said corporation mayor A K Premajam.Opposition leader M T Padma said the civic body has not envisaged many new projects. \"The opposition has already requested the civic authority to complete the execution of projects in the stipulated timeframe.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644330", "title": "Man kills friend over cellphone", "text": "MUMBAI: Sudhir Raval (28) was arrested on Sunday for bludgeoning his friend to death following an argument at Ghatkopar. Raval was inebriated at the time of the incident.\"Raval wanted Gupta's phone but when he asked him Gupta didn't respond. This sparked an argument between the two. In a fit of rage, Raval picked up a tile and smashed it on Gupta's head. Gupta sustained grievous injuries and died before he could be admitted to the hospital,\" an officer from the Saki Naka police station said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "17645626", "title": "16 hurt in clash", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE: Sixteen supporters of both Trinamool Congress and CPM were injured in a clash during the Raghunathpur High School managing committee election at Daspur on Sunday.Six Trinamool and 10 CPM supporters were hurt, police said. The election, however, was conducted amid the chaos and the counting was over. The injured were admitted to a local hospital.\"TMC supporters drove our polling agent away and attacked our supporters. Ten of them are in the hospital,\" alleged CPM zonal secretary Sunil Adhikari.TMC leaders however refuted the charges and said that it was CPM men who created trouble at the venue.\"Out of the fear of losing the election CPM men attacked our supporters,\" claimed TMC block president Sukumar Patra.A contingent from the Daspur police station rushed and brought the situation under control. TMC won the election.Reports of clash between Trinamool Congress and CPI also poured in from Arambag in Hooghly. TMC supporters claimed that they are physically assaulted and houses of two workers - Kalipada Pal and Joyram Ram, damaged by CPI men on Sunday morning in Dungol.\"A group of CPM supporters attacked the two TMC supporters unprovoked and damaged their houses. This was nothing but to terrorise our supporters in the run upto the panchayat elections. Our supporters wanted to retaliate but I asked them to exercise restrain,\" said TMC block president Swapan Nandi.Arambag police station inspector-in-charge Sukumar Das confirmed the receipt of a complaint.\"We have started investigating the case,\" said Das.Ends Commotion erupted during the process when supporters of the two political parties started attacking each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17643288", "title": "Close shave for couple as lift malfunctions in Indirapuram", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A software engineer and his wife narrowly escaped death when they got trapped inside a lift at the Jaipuria Sunrise Greens society in Indirapuram on Saturday. The two were going up to their flat on the 16th floor when the lift malfunctioned and its door got jammed. From the ground floor, the lift plunged two floors down \u00e2\u20ac\u201d minus two \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and then hurtled towards the 18th floor. The ordeal lasted 45 minutes till other residents managed to rescue them.This is the fourth such incident in this society. Fed up with the poor upkeep, the residents have warned that the developer and the Ghaziabad authority will be held responsible in case of an eventuality.The developer and the residents have been called to Indirapuram police station for settling the issue. The incident took place at 7.30pm on Saturday, when Rohit Kumar and his wife Monika Arora, lecturer at a Ghaziabad college, took the lift from minus two. \"The lift, however, malfunctioned \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it went up to the ground floor, descended to minus two again, only to shoot up to the 18th floor before landing on the 16th floor. Even then, the door did not open,\" said Alok Kumar, vice chairman, RWA federation, Ghaziabad. Hearing the occupants' cries for help, other residents rushed to the spot. It took great effort to prise open the lift gate.The angry residents then called police. \"The couple is traumatized. They have refused to lodge a complaint but the other residents have complained that such incidents have become routine, \" said R Raju, a resident. On October 17, seven people, including two children, had a close shave when a lift in the same society came crashing down. \"They builder has neither provided us a swimming pool, nor a firefighting system. Even the parking and structural works are incomplete,\" he added.Two FIRs were registered against the managing director of Jaipuria Group, S K Jaipuria by the Indirapuram police on September 20, 2010, under sections 279 and 427 of the IPC after a concrete block fell from the 12th floor of the E-block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644333", "title": "State women's panel headless for four years", "text": "For the last four years, the Maharashtra State Commission for Women has been without a chief. The panel is an autonomous body and its head a political appointee. Given this, women's organizations say, it is surprising that the Congress-led Democratic Front government, in power in the state for well over a decade, has been unable to find a woman leader within its fold for the commission.Because the commission is rudderless, it has been silent on the rising incidence of crime against women. \"The commission is like a watchdog. It monitors what's happening and alerts the government and other law-enforcing agencies to developing trends of violence against women,\" said Sonia Gill, member, All India Democratic Women's Association.The commission can order investigation into heinous crimes; it can also submit annual reports to the legislature. Gill said that for years, such reports were not submitted. She said this was all the more worrying since a number of heinous crimes against women had police involvement and no one knew the fate of the cases since the commission had not sought answers.\"Often the police refuse to take cognizance of a woman's complaint and we need the commission to lean on the government to prod the police into action. There is no such support at present,\" said Noorjehan Safia Niaz, member, Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan. \"In the past, we have worked closely with the commission to resolve women's issues. Not anymore.\"Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe said successive Congress governments had marginalized the state commission for women and despite reminders had refused to appoint a chairperson. \"We had even suggested that if they did not have a suitable candidate to head it, they could select someone from one of the numerous social organizations in the state. Instead, the government cut the commission's budget and staff. The commission has been reduced to taking up minor issues.\"Gill said the commission was a quasi-government organization, but autonomous, and so could not only review policies related to women, but also monitor implementation of schemes and recommend changes in laws. \"Instead, the government has sought to come up with a women's policy in the name of a non-existent commission. But this has been opposed by women's organizations.\"NCP MLC and president of the party's state women's wing Vidya Chavan said several letters had been written to the chief minister to revive the commission, to no avail. \"The government's decision-making process is slow and police action is delayed. It is high time the police treated women and their problems more sensitively.\"Nirmala Samant-Prabhavalkar, a former chairperson of the state commission and at present a member of the National Commission for Women, said that after the molestation of women constables during the Azad Maidan riot, the national body had asked the chief minister to appoint a chairperson for the state commission. \"The commission should not be vacant even for a few months. It is a very serious issue that it has not been represented for four years now,\" she said. \"This shows just how much women's issues are neglected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17648893", "title": "AIDS body seeks govt aid, shelter for patients", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand State Network for People Living with HIV/AIDS (JNP+) is seeking government support for HIV+ patients in remote areas. A team from the organization will meet the deputy commissioner here on Monday in this regard.Among other things, the JNP+ team will demand for travel allowance for poor patients, shelter for ostracized women in rural areas and non-infected children of HIV+ patients.Ranjit Dubey, general secretary, JNP+, said in many states, including Odhisa, HIV+ patients get government travel allowance as most of the anti-retroviral therapy (ART) clinics, which provide free drugs, are far from villages. JNP+ wants the state government to follow suit.\"Patients, most of whom are migrant labourers, come from remote areas. Thus they have to spend a lot on transport to visit ART centres. So we want the Jharkhand government to start giving travel allowance to these patients,\" he said. Dubey said the government should also support women in remote pockets of the state, who were segregated for the infection. \"We will seek provision for these homeless women and their children in the Indira Awaas Yojana,\" he said, adding that the team would also demand for inclusion of poor women in the list of BPL card beneficiaries.There are instances where children of HIV+ patients do not get infected. But after the death of their parents, they have to work as child labourers. \"The society outcastes them even if they are not infected by the virus. So we are demanding a trust or home where such children can live,\" said Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643791", "title": "Kalyan Singh's homecoming to BJP after January 14", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former UP chief minister Kalyan Singh's homecoming to the Bharatiya Janata Party will take place after Makar Sankranti (January 14). The decks were cleared for return after Kalyan met senior BJP leaders, including party chief Nitin Gadkari , in New Delhi on Sunday evening.Kalyan's return to the saffron party will take place a function in Lucknow, confirmed his aide. It was also see the merger of Jan Kranti Party, which Kalyan formed after leaving the BJP in 2009, with the BJP, sources confirmed.Among others present in the meeting, which was held at Gadkari's residence, included Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Mishra , Vinay Katiyar, Lalji Tandon and Kalyan's son Rajveer Singh.In the meeting, which began at 7.30pm, Gadkari gave nod and later also confirmed to mediapersons that re-entry would be held any day after January 14 at a function to be attended by workers from both the parties. Sources told TOI that the date of reunion will be decided within a week.Sources added that Gadkari accepted all demands set forth by Kalyan for return to the parent party. TOI had about a month ago reported that Kalyan Singh will appointed the national vice-president in the BJP after his return. Further, his son Rajveer, who is presently JKP president, will also be given a prominent post in the state BJP while other senior leaders of his party would be accordingly adjusted.Rajveer would also be given the Lok Sabha ticket by the BJP, sources said, adding that Kalyan would have a say in selection of candidates for the Lok Sabha elections.The former UP chief minister had keft the BJP before 2009 Lok Sabha elections after his request to change Ashok Pradhan's candidature from Bulandshahr was rejected by the BJP leaders. Kalyan's camp had claimed that Pradhan was responsible for Rajveer's defeat in Debai assembly seat in 2007. Even though Kalyan was declared BJP's Lok Sabha candidate from Etah, he contested the election as an Independent after quitting the saffron party and won.Kalyan, who served twice -- 1991-92 and 1997-99 -- as chief minister in the BJP government, left the party for the first time in December 1999 and returned again before 2004 Lok Sabha elections. He contested the 2004 polls on the BJP ticket from Bulandshahr.However, with both state BJP and Kalyan trying to regain their political footing in Uttar Pradesh, they relaise the need for each other's support, a close aide said. It is because of this that BJP MP Lalji Tandon was the first to approach Kalyan on August 10, sources in BJP said. Later, senior BJP leaders Kalraj Misra and Rajnath Singh also met Singh and convinced him to join the ranks with the BJP, sources added.Kalyan's entry points:* Appointment as national BJP vice-president.* Say in UP BJP's affair.* Adjustment of Rajveer in state BJP.* LS ticket to Rajveer.* Merger of JKP with BJP.* Due recognition to JKP members as per their stature.* Grand joining in Lucknow before senior BJP leaders.4-point formula to revive UP BJP* One face in BJP.* One voice.* Social justice within party.* Winnable and reliable LS candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645187", "title": "ENC pays tributes to martyrs on Vijay Diwas", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Eastern Naval Command observed the 40th anniversary of Vijay Diwas here on Sunday by paying tributes to the valiant personnel of the armed forces who made the supreme sacrifice in various operations including the 1971 War.A Floral wreath was placed at the 'Amar Jawan Jyoti', the Navy War Memorial on RK Beach on Sunday morning by vice admiral Vijay Kumar Namballa, Director General Naval Projects, Visakhapatnam. A 50 men Guard was paraded at the venue and a two-minute silence was observed as a mark of respect to the martyrs. The Defense Services all over the country celebrate Vijay Diwas on December 16 every year to commemorate the historic victory against Pakistan in 1971 War.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17648776", "title": "Mass bible reading attempts Limca records", "text": "GUWAHATI: With an attempt to enter the Limca Book of Records, 7,047 Christians belonging to the Gangte community of the state on Sunday read the Bible for 1.27 hours at the district headquarters here.The mass bible reading fell on the closing day of the Gangte Gospel Centenary celebration, which kicked off on Thursday.In presence of two official witnesses - LM Haokip and Mani Ram Sharma, superintendent of police and ADC of the district respectively - the Gangte tribes coming from different parts of the state began reading the whole 16-chapter 'Book of Romans' from 1.26 pm without any break till 2.53 pm.Reverend K Mawia, secretary Gangte Christian Gospel Centenary Celebration Committee, among other religious leaders of the committee, led the people in reading the Bible chapter wise.\"In the 21st century, we would like to set a milestone in the field of religion by attempting a world record as a gesture of the Almighty's abundant and bountiful blessings to us,\" Mawia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644182", "title": "Privilege motion against water resources departmen minister Tatkare", "text": "NAGPUR: Going a step ahead in attack against deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and his close aide Sunil Tatkare, BJP has moved a breach of privilege motion against the latter for submitting misleading figures to the state legislature. The decision on it would be taken by council chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh this week.Water resources minister Tatkare had submitted the white paper on irrigation in both Houses. The paper claims that the irrigation potential increased by 5.17% in last ten years. He claimed that the figure of 0.1% increase was a printing error. However, Tatkare was exposed the very next day when Vinod Tawde, leader of opposition in legislative council, produced a copy of the letter written by principal secretary (agriculture) SK Goel to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Goel has stated in the letter that irrigation figures given in two reports of water resources department (WRD) were inconsistent. In the first report the capacity has increased by 0.1%, the letter clearly states. This has exposed the claim of Tatkare and other NCP leaders that the figure of 0.1% was a printing mistake.Tawde in his motion pointed out that the white paper claims that there was an increase of 28% in irrigation capacity created by WRD in last ten years. In 2001-02 it was 37.29 lakh hectares which increased to 48.25 lakh hectares in 2010-11. However, Goel pointed out that the figure was on the higher side because directorate of economics and statistic had included the area irrigated by wells in the command area of dams twice. The correct figure therefore was 35.46 lakh hectare.Tawde has backed Goel's claim that figures presented by WRD were unreliable and thus the figure of 5.17% increase in irrigation capacity was incorrect, he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645477", "title": "Treatment denial: Probe ordered", "text": "KOZHIKODE: District medical officer Dr P K Mohanan has directed the Vadakara district hospital superintendent to submit an inquiry report within a week on alleged denial of treatment to a twelve-year-old at the hospital.The DMO has ordered an inquiry into the issue on the basis of a complaint received by him the other day. The parents of the boy registered a complaint with the DMO on Saturday against physician Dr Jyothikumar in the medicine department saying that he had denied treatment to the boy when the parents approached him.DMO Dr Mohanan who visited the hospital on Saturday conducted a preliminary investigation. \"The parents approached the physician in the medicine department after finding none in the general medicine OP unit of the hospital. Dr Jyothikumar, physician at the medicine department told the parents to consult a pediatrician as he was checking only adult patients,\" he said. \"I have asked the Vadakara hospital superintendent Dr Piyush Namboodiri to conduct an inquiry and submit the report on why the staff at the general medicine was not there at the time of hospital hours and a detailed report on the whole incident,\" said Dr Mohanan. \"Stringent actions will be taken against the staff if found guilty,\" he added.The parents of a twelve-year-old boy registered a complaint with the DMO on Saturday against physician of Vadakara district hospitalsaying that he had denied treatment to the boy when the parents approached him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17644763", "title": "Close call signals Earth needs an asteroid shield", "text": "LONDON: Extensive monitoring systems and an Armageddon-style protocol is needed to save the Earth from a potentially hazardous asteroid, expected to fly by our planet in 2029, experts say. Actor Bruce Willis and his co-stars are given just 18 days to destroy a vast asteroid which threatens to wipe out life on Earth in the Hollywood movie \"Armageddon\" .Scientists say the world must come up with a similar emergency plan after an asteroid whistled within a whisker of the Earth on Tuesday, only two days after it was first detected by astronomers , 'The Telegraph' reported. The Apophis asteroid , first detected in 2004, will come within 36,000 kilometres of Earth when it passes by and it can be seen with the naked eye as a burning point in the sky.Scientists said although there is no chance of the asteroid colliding with Earth, there is an extremely small chance it could fall into a gravitational loop and come back to hit the planet in 2038.The asteroid which passed by this week, known as 2012 XE54 measured just 36 metre across, but the last known asteroid of such a size to hit Earth wiped out an area of Russian forest the size of London in 1908.Scientists are becoming increasingly concerned about the possible impact of asteroids measuring less than 1km across, which are not typically picked up by surveying programmes and could only be detected at very short notice.Delegates from across the world will gather at the UN in February to come up with a framework for earlier detection of asteroids, and a plan of action if a collision is deemed possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648841", "title": "Salman bhai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s offered me a film role: Santosh", "text": "Salman Khan's Midas touch seems to turn everything, or rather everyone's luck to gold! And the latest to be blessed by the superstar is Santosh Shukla, who recently made his exit from the Bigg Boss house.Santosh was nominated last week and was finally evicted. Now that he's out of the Bigg Boss house, Santosh has plans to focus on his career. And boosting his Bollywood aspirations is Bigg Boss host and Dabangg actor Salman Khan .Says Santosh, \"Salman bhai has promised me a role in a film and he told me that once I was out from the house, he would make me meet his brother Sohail. I'm so lucky. Having Salman bhai's hand over me, I feel like I have been blessed by the entire nation and have made a place in his heart. He's so generous and helpful\".Adding, \"I'm thankful for my journey on the Bigg Boss house or how else would I have met Salman bhai\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644972", "title": "Money crisis drives woman to hang self", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 30-year-old housewife committed suicide due to financial problems at her house in Falaknuma on Sunday.The victim was identified as Shabana Begum of Fatima Nagar in Falaknuma. At about 4 pm, neighbours found Shabana in her house hanging from the ceiling fan with a sari.Shabana's husband Rafeeq, an auto driver, is out of the city. \"There was no suicide note and the preliminary probe reveals that she might have ended her life due to financial problems. We are waiting for her husband to return to the city get more details,\" Falaknuma inspector M Hussaini Naidu said.A case was booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).Her body has been shifted to Osmania General Hospital for a postmortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645174", "title": "Thousands of winged visitors at Gangapur", "text": "NASHIK: Thousands of migratory birds have arrived at the Gangapur dam, a bird census done on December 4 has revealed.\"The dam, which has been classified as an Important Bird Area (IBA), also serves as an important flyway and spotover point for birds migrating from Eurasia and Russia to South India and Africa. We have been conducting this census for the last 15 years,\" said Bishwaroop Rana, honorary wildlife warden and president of the Nature Conservation Society of Nashik (NCSN).The Gangapur dam is the only catchment area for drinking water to Nashik and Ahmednagar districts. Raha is upset with the plans to develop the dam area as an amusement park and water park with motor boats. \"This will totally destroy the ecosystem here. The dam holds the second-largest bird population in Nashik after Nandur Madhmeshwar. Residential birds like the Little Cormorant, Large Cormorant and local duck species such as Spot bill and Comb duck breed in the area. The water body also attracts many uncommon visitors such as Bar-headed geese, Grey lark geese, Greater Flamingo, Lesser Flamingo, Common Shelduck and Black Necked Grebe, which are not seen in Nandur Madhmeshwar and other water bodies,\" he pointed out.The grassland around the dam have a number of birds such as Lesser Florican (during the monsoons), Lesser Kestrel, Red Headed Merlin, Stone-Curlew and the Yellow wattled Lapwing, according to the census. \"Even the Ortolan Bunting was seen after 20 years. Some grassland birds which use this area for spotover migration are the Amur Falcon and Red Back Shrike,\" Raha said.People from adjoining villages Girnar and Dugaon said the backwaters have always been a major area of bird migration. A boat club and amusement park would only drive away the birds, disturb the environment and dirty the place, they felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643077", "title": "Muslims stand divided over Gopalgarh", "text": "JAIPUR: Various Muslim groups in the state are divided over the Gopalgarh incident in which 10 people were killed in police firing in 2009. While some Muslim groups continue to endorse the efforts made by state government to heal the wounds, others are leaving no stone unturned to criticize the state government.The latest entrant is Maulana Arshad Madani, chief of Jamait--Ulema-I-Hind, who showered praises on chief minister Ashok Gehlot for cleverly averting a major clash between Hindus and Muslims in Gopalgarh on Friday.However, his statement was flayed by the Rajasthan Muslim Forum describing it as 'hallmark of ignorance.' The Forum, which launched a campaign against Congress, has termed Maulana as \"ignorant\" on Gopalgarh, leaving his followers red-faced.What caused the ire of many socio-religious groups is that none of the Muslim leaders took any stand against the killings in Gopalgarh, barring Mahir Azad, then party leader who was later elevated to the post of chairman of state minorities commission. Azad's strong criticism of one-sided police firing added to the National Commission for Minorities holding the government responsible was noted by the Congress leadership who sought explanations from Gehlot.It was followed by demand for the then home minister Shanti Dariwal's resignation. However, Gehlot's secular image and slew of efforts including the compensation, rehabilitation and later handing over the inquiry to CBI has won the confidence among Muslims and helped him retaining the post.The second series of measures by awarding plum posts to leaders who extended support to Gehlot government during the crises further helped the chief minister.The appointment of Amin Khan as cabinet minister, Naseem Akhtar as minister of state and Zahida Khan as parliamentary secretary to long-pending political appointments like Maulana Fazle Haq as chairman of State Madarsa Board were in fact, steps in this direction.Earlier in 2009, Maulana had released a fact-finding report stating that neither Muslims nor their houses were harmed in Sarada riots in Udaipur. However, his report was trashed by PUCL and Anhad, who released a report stating that 40 houses were burned and Muslims were facing social boycott.The silence of these leaders on the slow pace of investigation and ignoring of FIRs lodged by Muslims during CBI inquiry have angered organizations like Rajasthan Muslim Forum, Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Sansthan, Rajasthan, Muslim Mahasabha, Meo Communiy to name a few. While others like Milli Council, Jamait-Ulema-I-Hind and Bareilvi sect is either silent or supporting government measures.Muzaffar Bharti , president of Sansthan, has warned the leaders misleading the community by their statements, of a social boycott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "17644901", "title": "Two killed as Jan Shatabdi Express rams vehicle", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: Two people were killed as their car was hit by a speeding express train at an unmanned level crossing (ULC) in Aandalampettai near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district.The incident occurred when the Jan Shatabdi Express from Coimbatore to Mayiladuthurai rammed a Tata Sumo vehicle in Aandalampettai at the unmanned level crossing when the car attempted to cross the track around 1pm on Sunday. The train dragged the car to some distance and stopped. S Murugaraj, 34, from Thiruppananthal and C Vijayakumar, 35, from Thiruvaippaadi who were travelling in the car were killed on the spot. The duo was returning from a temple in Thiruvidaimaruthur.Immediately after the accident, more than 500 people residing nearby, staged a protest and accused the loco pilot for not sounding the horn before crossing the unmanned level crossing. Police, however, said that Vijayakumar, who was driving the car, had also failed to notice the train.Even though it was the first major accident at this unmanned level crossing, Trichy railway division had witnessed such fatal accidents in some of the ULCs. More than 300 crossings have remained unmanned in the division. Following the accident, the people blocked the train to demand the railways to post a guard at this ULC.Trichy divisional railway manager ( DRM) Manjula Rangarajan rushed to the spot and ensured the protesters that Aandalampatti ULC would be converted into a manned level crossing. The people then abandoned their protest. However, traffic on the railway line came to an abrupt halt for nearly two hours due to the blockade. Manjula Rangarajan told TOI this evening, \"I have ordered an inquiry into the accident. The ULC in Aandalampatti would be converted into a manned level crossing on a war-footing. Likewise, guards would be posted in rest of the ULCs in the division gradually.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "while merrily lashing out at 'competition' (read", "code": "17647293", "title": "Sushant's friendly appearance in Raju Hirani's 'PeeKay'", "text": "While merrily lashing out at 'competition' (read: Deepika Padukone), Anushka Sharma also took a snipe at Sushant Singh Rajput, stating rather unnecessarily, \"Sushant has only eight days of work (in Raj Kumar Hirani PeeKay)...he is just a small chapter in my life.\"Taking deep umbrage to what is being seen as an attempt to undervalue the newcomer a source says, \"Isn't Anushka pissed off about her colleagues trying to downplay and downsize her stardom? Then why is she doing the same to another colleague? Why is Anushka commenting on the length and breadth of a co-star's role? How does she know the size of Sushant's role? No one except probably Aamir has read the full script.\"Setting the record straight the source says, \"Yes, it's a relatively small role. At a time when he's playing the lead in a Yashraj film, Sushant has agreed to do the role in PeeKay for one reason only- Rajkumar Hirani. It was Sushant's dream to work with Raju. When he was offered the role Sushant was over the moon. Raju warned him it's a small but important role. Sushant said, 'Doesn't matter, Sir, even if you ask me to walk from one side of the frame to the other, I'd do it'.\"Apparently Sushant has not charged a single penny for the part.Says the source, \"Raju gave Sushant Rs.20 as signing amount,and asked him what he'd like as his fee. Sushant refused any payment , got the Rs.20 laminated and has framed the same on the wall of his living room. That's the kind of regard Sushant has for Raj Kumar Hirani.\"The source informs that Sushant Singh's role in PeeKay would be billed as a friendly appearance. \"He will be seen at the beginning of the film. His character then disappears and reappears at the end,\" informs the source.\"Anushka wants her colleagues to stop commenting on her roles. She should follow what she preaches,\" the source adds.Sushant Singh Rajput remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17646884", "title": "Gautham, Arjun launch SVSC audio songs", "text": "The audio release of contemporary Tollywood's much-awaited film Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, starring Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh, was a glittering affair. True to the film's theme, superstar Mahesh Babu and Victory Venkatesh were seen bonding like real-time brothers on the stage.While Venkatesh walked in to the event with his son Arjun, Mahesh Babu dropped at the venue with his Namarata and son Gautham. Arjun has unveiled SVSC audio and has given the first CD to Gautham amidst loud cheer. Needless to expound, credit goes to star producer Dil Raju for his efforts in making the audio a dazzling event.Prakash Raj, Srikanth Addala, Mickey J Meyer, Samantha, Anjali, D Ramanaidu, Vamsi Paidipalli, Bandla Ganesh, Srinu Vaitla, etc. were part of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645640", "title": "'You can't run a plant under cop watch'", "text": "Speaking about Singur, where Tata Motors had set up a factory to manufacture the world's cheapest car but had to quit in the wake of protests over land acquisition a few years ago, Tata said, \"It was a great disappointment, because we went to West Bengal , in a leap of faith thinking that that part of the country was being ignored industrially. I had regards for Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee (the then chief minister). I thought the plant we had could have created eventually 7,000-8,000 jobs.\"Tata said when the protests took place at Singur he was a little confused and confounded initially, whether it was a real problem or not. It just escalated and escalated and he figured this was not the place where they could be.\"So it was a great disappointment for me on all those grounds and I think Buddhadeb would have liked me to have stayed there and offered the plant protection. But you can't run a plant under police protection. There has to be a police protection. There has to be a removal of the hostilities one way or another. So it was a disappointment for me.\"Tata, who will step down as chairman of the group on December 28, said he had a great affinity with eastern India because it has not partaken in the growth and prosperity of the rest of the country. \"If there is something that I could do to be involved with eastern India, I would welcome that. You see, I lived in Jamshedpur for six years, very close to Kolkata and I used to be in Kolkata of and on. Bengali people are very nice people. So, I have an affinity, don't speak the language (of) that part of the country and to see something happen there would be quite a thrill for me,\" he said.Building the cancer hospital in Kolkata, in itself, Tata said has been a thrill for him because lives can be saved in that part of the country. \"It is something that I feel very proud that I have been able to do,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643347", "title": "Half marathon raises Rs 4 crore for charity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, which has now become a part of the capital's annual calendar, has raised Rs 4.04 crore for charity, the highest amount collected in the history of the five-year-old event. Around 60 NGOs across the country will benefit from the funds.The youngest Dream Maker, Urvi Maheshwari (12), raised more than Rs 2.47 lakh in support of 'Cause of the Girl Child'. Among the beneficiaries will be more than 4,000 underprivileged children, especially girls, in over 20 Satya Bharti schools.Since 2008, Airtel Delhi Half Marathon has helped raise Rs 14.27 crore towards charity. \"The money raised this year showed a Rs 74 lakh rise from last year's Rs 3.3 crore, grossing above Rs 4.04 crore and counting,\" said Nidhi Singh of Concern Indian Foundation, the official charity partner.The half marathon, held on September 30 this year, registered a record number of participants.Corporate Challenge, a part of the half marathon, was sold out, with 72 companies fielding 95 teams. These teams collected more than Rs 2.62 crore. Fluor Daniel won the 'highest pledge raising company' tag, raising Rs 1.82 lakh in support of Khushboo Welfare Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17643172", "title": "New gate in Jaisalmer to ease traffic", "text": "JAISALMER: Looking to the rising traffic pressure due to increasing population, a new gate was opened last week near that historical Amarsagar Gate in the Walled City for the first time in the history of 858-year-old Jaisalmer city. The expansion work has already begun.Seeing the wide-scale beautification and tourism development in Jaisalmer initiated by district collector Shuchi Tyagi, the municipal council has started giving shape to the activities at war-footing.The land and wall of the ancient Ganesh temple trust was situated near the Amarsagar Gate and talks were on for quite a long time to remove it. It was felt that with the removal of the wall the route will be widened and would help in smooth flow of traffic.The land stretching from Amarsagar Gate to Ganesh temple belonged to the trust and for years there was dispute between the municipal council and the temple trust. The matter had reached the court too. Finally, the trust agreed to take land in lieu of this land. Recently, the state government too gave a green signal to widen the Amarsagar Gate, after which the municipal council started its work.Although the need for a new gate was felt in 2010 during the tenure of former district collector Giriraj Singh Kushwaha, but it has taken shape now.With the expansion of Amarsagar Gate, the traffic arrangement in Gandhi Chowk area will improve. Amarsagar Gate was the only passage for people coming from both sides and since the route was narrow, so traffic jams were a common sight.Municipal council's chairman Ashok Tanwar said that it was a big step by the council. The expansion of Amarsagar Gate had been pending for quite some time. He added the place has been vacated and a new gate nearly 19 ft wide will be constructed here.The municipal council will allot 60x90 ft plot to the trust for building a dharamshala in lieu of this land.Historian Nandkishore Sharma said that Amarsagar Gate is around 200 years old and was built between 1722 and 1818 during the time of Maharawal Ache Singh and Mool Singh. He added that after Independence till 1950, the gate was opened at 5am and closed at 9pm.Jaisalmer: Looking to the increasing traffic due to increasing population, this is the first time in the history of 858 year old Jaisalmer that a new gate has been opened near the historical entrance gate Amarsagar gate of the walled city and expansion work started.Looking to the wide beautification and tourism development at Jaisalmer, on the initiative of district collector Shuchi Tyagi, the municipal council has started giving shape to the activities at war footing.This would end many problems of the city along with will increase the movement of tourists and local tourists.It is to be mentioned that an ancient Ganesh Temple trust's land and wall was situated near the Amarsagar Prole of the jaislmer city and talks were going on for quite a long time to remove it and it was being felt that with removal of wall of this land will widen the route and would smooth the flow of traffic.The land from Amarsagar prole to ganesh temple was of the trust and for years there was dispute between the municipal council and ganesh temple trust. The matter reached the court too. Finally, the trust was agreed to take land against this land. Later the approval of state government was required and recently the state government too gave green signal to expand amarsagar prole. After which, the municipal council started its work and on Sunday with the help of JCB machine the wall was removed from the amarsagar prole to ganesh templeAlthough, the need for the new gate was initiated during then district collector giriraj singh kushwaha, but it came to shape during the time of shuchi tyagi.With the expansion of amarsagar prole, the traffic arrangement in Gandhi chowk area will improve. Amarsagar prole was the only way for people coming from both sides and route being the narrow jam was a common sight due to which vehicle drivers and pedestrians had to face lot of problems, but now these problems would come to an end.Municipal council chairman Ashok Tanwar said that it was a big step of the municipal council. The expansion of amarsagar prole was lying pending for quite a long time. After getting green signal from the state government the municipal council started its activity on Sunday. He said the place has been vacated and new gate of 19 feet wide will be made here.With the joint efforts of tyagi and tanwar, talks were held with the trust officials and decision was taken in public interest. The municipal council against this place will allot 60 feet by 90 feet plot to the trust for building dharamshala.After the agreement, the municipal council starting the work at war footing, demolished the wall adjoin the prole on Sunday using two bulldozers and with the help of 10 tractors, the debris was removed.Along with the old platform inside the amarsagar prole was removed and land was made plain. Tanwar said that with this, the amarsagar prole will be expanded and traffic will start moving on both sides and the new gate will be made as per the Jaisalmer architecture. Along with the entire route will be made using coal tar immediately. With this, the problem of traffic will be solved and wold provide respite to local residents and tourists.Historian nandkishore Sharma said that amarsagar gate is around 200 years old and in the history there are proofs that this gate was made between 1722 and 1818 during the time of maharawal ache singh and mool singh, and after independence till 1950 this gate was closed at 9pm, so that outsiders do not enter and the gate was opened at 5am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644854", "title": "Power crunch pulls plug on IT event", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu's image as a tech-friendly investment destination appears to have taken a beating with its trophy IT event - Connect -missing its date with potential investors this year. Connect is a flagship business event jointly organised by the government of Tamil Nadu and the CII, a premier annual conference cum exposition on information and communication technology that has been attracting worldwide participation since its inception.Started in 2001during the earlier Jayalalithaa regime as an answer to Bangalore IT.com, Connect has, over the years, helped bridge the gap between various stakeholders in the tech community. The event serves as a networking forum for entrepreneurs and as a stage for emerging talent while it showcases the state's strategic strengths in the sector. It is usually held in September although in 2011 it was held in December.\"Here is an opportunity to showcase Tamil Nadu as a choice of destination to investors and also show its low-cost, yet high-quality manpower to the world, which has been missed,\" an industry official said. A key aspect of Connect is also the awards which recognize young entrepreneurs. \"If the event has been scrapped, then it is a huge loss to the state,\" the official added.Sources said it was the bleak power situation that prompted the organisers to put off the event until the scenario shows some improvement. Several parts of the state go without power for nearly 12 hours a day. \"When we have international investors, we cannot showcase the state as a power deficit region, this will be counterproductive. We will host it when the situation improves, and the government is seen as resolving industry's biggest worries,\" sources said.A government official said CII itself did not show the same levels of interest in the event as it did in earlier years. However, a senior official in charge of organising the event said they would go ahead and shortly announce the details of the programme.\"The Connect event will take place early next year,\" S Mahalingam, Executive Director &amp; CFO, Tata Consultancy Services and chairman, Connect 2011 told The Times of India. \"We have had steering committee meetings with participation of key stakeholders, including industry and state government officials. We are continuing with our theme of Innovation &amp; Entrepreneurship in Tamil Nadu in this sector. We will share more details of the event in due course,\" Mahalingam said.Sources said the government did not want to host the event in the wake of the unprecedented power crisis that is sweeping the state. In her address at Connect last year, the chief minister J Jayalalithaa said, \"I still remember the first edition of CONNECT launched in the year 2001 which I inaugurated. I participated in this event again in 2002 and yet again in 2005. This underlines the importance that my government accords to this event and to the promotion of the information technology industry in Tamil Nadu.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17645103", "title": "Security beefed up for President\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have made elaborate security arrangements ahead of President Pranab Mukherjee and governor K Rosaiah's visit to the city on Monday. As many as 3,000 police personnel will be deployed in the city and rural areas on Monday and Tuesday as part of security arrangements.The President will reach Coimbatore airport on Monday at 7.30pm. The next day, Pranab will present the Presidential Standard to 25 and 35 Squadron of Indian Air Force at Air Force Station, Sulur for their meritorious services. Governor Rosaiah will also participate in the function. After the function, the President would leave for Delhi.On December 19, the governor will attend two functions at Tamil Nadu Agricultural University and Rathinam group of institutions. \"As many as 2,000 police personnel will be deployed on Monday and Tuesday. During the President and governor's visit, parking will not be allowed on road sides,\" said deputy commissioner T Senthilkumar (law and order). The rural police have planned to deploy 1,000 police personnel on Monday and Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643958", "title": "India, developing nations worried over consensus being buried in climate talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The quiet collapse of the most basic principle of UN climate negotiations in Doha - that all decisions should be taken only with complete consensus of 194 countries party to the convention -- has troubled India and other developing countries.Decisions under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change can only be taken after a consensus is arrived upon. This has for long ensured that the concerns of even the economically and geopolitically less influential countries are not lost.At the recently concluded Doha talks, Russia objected to the adoption of the decision on Kyoto Protocol. But the host Qatar, presiding over the talks, ignored Russia's objections as the decisions were gaveled through in pandemonium with claps from the rest of the countries and civil society representatives drowning the Russian delegation's concerns.This is not the first time this has happened in the climate talks. Two years ago, at Cancun, the hosts Mexico did the same with Bolivia objecting to the bitter end against the decisions adopted.While there was little sympathy for the Russian position at the climate talks, the tendency to overrule objections from even powerful economies, leave alone less influential ones, has left a deep concern embedded in the developing world.At the end of the Doha round, the US and Russia put their objections on record with the former leaving the window open to opt out of future talks if its conditions -- that principles of the convention not guide future talks -- are not met. This made India react and also put its reservations on record that it would not accept the Doha package unless all its elements and agreements were taken forward.The next three years are to focus singularly on creating a new global regime to regulate emissions beyond 2020. The new compact is expected to bring to the fore the biggest churn climate talks have witnessed since the inception. The Doha round saw the high level of disagreement already existing between the countries on the way forward and experts believe the next three years will only be more acrimonious.\"The question is not whether Russia was right or wrong in someone's views but the precedence being set by breaking the norm of consensus. One may say that in the process the talks were saved from a complete collapse but it could be any country's turn next time to be run over,\" an African negotiator told TOI.The Indian delegation too has expressed reservations about letting the episode at Doha set the benchmark for future talks.Since the Copenhagen talks in 2009 when the world was unable to adopt the political accord that was thrashed out by the influential countries and then sold to the rest at the formal UN forum, concerns have risen about keeping the multilateral forum alive even if that means lowering the ambition levels.While countries have constantly complained that the talks are not delivering the needed results fast enough, they have accepted the decisions without reservations. It was only at Doha that the two most powerful economies -- the US and Russia -- along with a few others demanded that their exception to the decision be put on record.The international pressure from civil society and the geopolitical configurations have also worked to ensure that the countries accept decisions even if they come through non-consensual routes or through last minute maneuvers behind closed doors -- called green rooms in the jargon used in international diplomacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644362", "title": "HSC science, mathematics exams based on new syllabi", "text": "PUNE: The March 2013 HSC exams for subjects -- mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology (arts and science faculties) -- will be conducted based on an upgraded syllabi. The Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education has taken the decision to prepare students for the common national medical entrance test.A Board statement states: \"The board has upgraded the std XII syllabi for physics, chemistry, biology and mathematics to the level of the one prescribed by the National council of educational research and training (NCERT) syllabus for the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).\"The upgraded syllabi for std XI came into force from academic year 2011-12 while that for std XII will be implemented from academic year 2012-13.The exercise assumes significance in the wake of the state's plan to be a part of the HRD ministry's single all-India engineering entrance test that is to roll out from 2013-14.Meanwhile, apart from std XI course, the std IX course has also been revised for 2012-13 with an addition of information and communication technology as a subject.The move to upgrade the std XII science and mathematics syllabi to the CBSE level and to revise the entire std XI course was taken in anticipation of the state joining the all-India test scheme.This common entrance examination will cover all medical colleges, except the Armed Forces Medical College, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi and the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research in Chandigarh. The AIIMS and PGI Chandigarh were established under acts of Parliament and hence are not covered by the Indian Medical Council Act.For the new syllabi, some topics were omitted and some added to suit the changing needs. For instance, several new topics in chemistry are related to health, nutrition, environment, population, weather, industries and agriculture. A unit on environmental chemistry will focus on various aspects of green house gas effect and global warming , besides environmental pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17649121", "title": "BIT launches course on signal processing", "text": "RANCHI: The importance of signals could not be undermined in today's technology-driven world. From mobile communication to biomedical diagnostics like CT scan and ECGand from satellite imagery to weather forecast to simulation-based testing of missiles, it is signals alone that provide the key to mysteries.Understanding the importance of signals, the department of electronics and communication engineering of Birla Institute of Technology threw open its gates for a short-term course on signal processing and its applications. The course is being taken up by around 24 candidates who include undergrads and researchers as well.Course coordinator Mahesh Chandra told TOI that the short-term course is intended to highlight the theoretical and practical aspects of signal processing. \"In recent years, signal processing is being taught as a core subject to BTech and MTech students of electronics and communication engineering, electrical and electronics engineering, computer science engineering and information technology. The digital signal processors and techniques are extensively used in almost all types of industries. Many research laboratories of the country are also using the latest DSP tools and processors,\" he said, adding that this encouraged the institute to offer theoretical and practical concepts of signal processing.While BTech and MTech students have enrolled on the week-long course beginning December 24 to have an experience of the fundamentals of signal processing, senior researchers have joined it to look for new wings of research.Chandra said the research outcome largely depends on correct interpretations of signals and their processing methodology.\"We get signals from satellites in case of satellite imagery and unless they are plotted in the correct perspective and cross matched with the reality they could mislead the researchers,\" he said. citing example of vegetation cover which is photographed from the space and then interpreted.\"Medical science would be rendered helpless unless the modern diagnostic tools are used and their signals processed in the right way,\" he said.The laboratory at BIT is equipped to conduct studies on simulation technology which reduces the burden of visiting the field to collect and interpret data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644356", "title": "Sawai fest: Notes from santoor mark final day", "text": "PUNE: Warm and continuous applause from the audience will encourage any artiste but when santoor maestro Shiv Kumar Sharma took to the stage at the 60th Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav on Sunday, he requested the music lovers present not to applaud, if they liked what he played.'Mere alaap vaadan mein yadi aap ko kuch achha lage to taliyaan na bajaayen; apne man mein jhaank kar dekhen ki swar kahaan tak pahuncha hai,'' (if you like what I play don't clap; peak inside your heart and search where the music has reached), Sharma said as he set about playing self-created Raga Antardhwani, with Vijay Ghate on table and Dilip Kale on taanpura.Even though he received a warm response from the audience, he said that he is not worthy of the honour as he's just a messenger of the almighty who has created the notes and rhythm for music.Sharma presented the finery of Santoor through his restrained yet appealing play of the stringed instrument as he went through Raga Antardhwani with alaap followed by two compositions set to zuptaal and teen taal respectively.Earlier in the morning, vocalist Kalpana Zokarkar offered a powerful morning Raga Bhoopal Todi with composition 'Maangat aayo' and then offered Sindoor Kafi which she followed up with a tappa composition 'Bhor bhayi saanjz' and a tarana. Zokarkar had Suyog Kundalkar on harmonium and Bharat Kamat on tabla.Singer Vijay Koparkar, with Rahul Gole on harmonium and Ramdas Palsule on tabla, presented the melodious Raga Basant Mukhari, a brief of Parameshwari and naatya sangeet 'Shata janma shodhitaanaa.'Bhimsen Joshi's grandson, Viraaj sang two abhang compositions and a bhajan 'Baaje re muraliya baaje,' following which the organisers screened a video recording of a performance Bhimsen gave in the United States, presenting Raga Brindavani Sarang.In the second session with which this year's festival concluded- singers Apoorva Gokhale and Pallavi Joshi displayed command on Raga Multani in vilambit bandish 'Kawan desh kari' and drut bandish 'More mandirava.' They then sang Raga Marwa with 'Ae maee ree' with 'Gunijan sab hot, gun ki charcha naahi' in drut beat. They finished with a Kabir bhajan, which got a big applause from the audience.Vocalist Shaunak Abhisheki, son of noted Hindusthani singer Jitendra Abhisheki, opened his repertoire with Raga Amrit Varshini - a Thyagaraja creation with Mahesh Kale as co-performer and Uday Kulkarni (harmonium) and Harshad Kanektar (tabla ) on. His 'Niranjan niraakaar' in vilambit khayal and 'Ka sang keeni preet' in an upbeat rhythm pleased the audience. He then offered the very melodious 'Bhavani dayani janani' in Raga Adaana and a poem 'Nahi punyaachi mojani.'Compeer Anand Deshmukh carried the audience through the packed seven music sessions over the six days with his expert narration and his remarkable method of connecting two performances with interesting anecdotes and memories from the earlier editions of 'Sawai' festival kept the audience engaged throughout. Deshmukh who will soon complete 25 years of compeering at Sawai Gandharv festival, choked with emotion as he expressed the satisfaction he draws each year thanks to the encouragement from the audience and trust of the organizers.Parmeshwar Hegde began his vocal recital in Raga Shuddha Kalyan with Avinash Dighe on harmonium and Ravindra Yavgal on table. After doing justice to the Raga for about 30 minutes and went on to perform a composition in Raga Shahana Kanada and sang a bhajan 'Sumiran kar le more mana.'Sitar exponent of the Etawah Gharana, Shahid Parwez and violinist Atul Upadhye commenced their co-performance in Raga Charukeshi. Mukesh Jadhav on tabla was in accompaniment matching the melody the duo created.The other artistes who performed are to perform in the rest of the night included vocalists Upendra Bhat and Kirana Gharana stalwart Prabha Atre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17644656", "title": "BWSSB to plug leakageto improve water supply", "text": "BANGALORE: Your endless wait before your tap may soon stop. The BWSSB has launched an ambitious plan to plug the loss of water from its network in an effort to ensure that the end-user benefits completely from the water it released.With BWSSB pegging the water loss due to leakage and pilferage at 37%, the difference the plugging of this wastage could make to your water supply situation is huge. A pilot project being implemented in southern Bangalore areas by BWSSB aims to reduce this leakage quantity to 16%.Water loss happens on two fronts: leakage in pipes and illegal connections. While the plugging of losses due to leakage is likely to improve the water supply situation in adjacent areas, the regularization of illegal connections will boost the BWSSB finances.Some residents beg to differ with the water board's statistics. \"BWSSB's loss estimate is not realistic and I think it would be much bigger. Illegal connections are responsible for most of the losses. There wouldn't be much loss through leakages in pipes. I think if illegal connections are regularized, much of the losses can be checked,'' said Ravindra Nath Guru, resident and social activist, Banashankari II Stage.The project, \"Improvement of water distribution system, reduction of unaccounted water flow (UFW) and leakage control in southern division\", involves studying consumption pattern, rehabilitation of water pipelines and strengthening and extension of the distribution network to meet requirements for everyone.It covers about 52 sqkm of area in southern and southeastern Bangalore. There are about 1,42,466 connections and 1,330-km-long pipelines in the area under cover.\"This project will help us regularize all unauthorized connections, understand the consumption pattern and alternative sources and estimate the losses which have to be capped,\" said Gaurav Gupta, chairman, BWSSB.The project area is divided into 85 district meter areas (DMA), where a survey has begun into consumers' water needs and usages, metered and unauthorized connections, hydraulic tests, undertake pressure zero tests and topographical surveys.Gupta said DMAs are very finely mapped areas so that the board can install boundary valves, step valves, replace defective valves and faulty meters and install pressure and flow monitoring points - only to check the leakage and loss through UFW. Thereafter, the project requires installing electronic district meters to a central system of checking.The three-year project started in June 2012 with the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) chipping in with Rs153.12 crore.The pilot project will be replicated in other areas of Bangalore later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644302", "title": "Wayward halting of buses creates chaoson roads", "text": "PUNE: One of the many reasons for road traffic problems in the city is that the PMPML bus drivers do not halt the vehicles close to the bus stops. This blocks the carriageway and halts vehicular traffic. Citizens and bus commuters' groups have highlighted the need for building proper bus bays, or painting yellow boxes for buses to halt.Pedestrians First, an NGO working on pedestrian and road safety issues, has urged both the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations to provide bus bays for smooth movement of traffic.Prashant Inamdar, convenor of Pedestrians First, said a major problem faced by bus drivers and bus commuters is that buses are unable to approach the bus stop and are forced to halt on the carriageway. Road side clutter, encroachments, and vehicles parking right up to the bus stop create severe for all road users. Commuters have to stand on the road to be able to see approaching bus, and have to board the bus in the midst of traffic with great inconvenience and also facing a risk to life. Many a times, bus drivers skip the bus stop, he said.Inamdar, who was instrumental in helping the PMC and the traffic authorities in creating a bus bay at the bus stop near Ranade Institute on Fergusson College Road, said the experiment was successful only for a few months. This was because temporary barricades had been used at the bus bay. \"Putting traffic barricades for the purpose cannot be sustained for a longer period. The bus bay is not effectively operational anymore and the gains made have now been lost,'' he said.The municipal corporations should make it a policy to provide properly designed bus bays which should have road markings with arrows and sign boards. Provision should also be made for sturdy bollards with crossbars or metal railings of suitable design before and after bus stop, up to 20 metres on entry side and 15 metres on exit side, to prevent vehicle parking. Major bus stops should be covered in the fist phase, Inamdar added.PMP Pravasi Sangh members Jugal Rathi and Vivek Velankar said the work of creating bus bays has been pending for many years. \"Creation of bus bays is the most effective solution for the safety of bus commuters with minimum cost, efforts and time. It will also be convenient for bus drivers, and for the police to take action against encroachments or obstructions. It will ensure better traffic discipline and safety,'' Rathi said.Civic authorities said they will act on the suggestions given by the organizations and the traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645025", "title": "Stalled: Construction of multi-specialty hospital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Is the Zydus hospital project in Ahmedabad being scrapped? Zydus Hospitals Pvt Ltd, which had begun construction for its hospital near Thaltej Crossroads, has stalled work at the site. Sources claim that the 22-storey multi-specialty hospital project proposed near Sola bridge has been thrown off the track due to various issues and is likely to be scrapped.While chairman and managing director of Zydus group, Pankaj Patel did not respond to an email query, sources said that the construction has been stalled till a pending issue regarding permission for the proposed height of 70 metres gets resolved. \"Construction work had begun in a full-fledged manner for the hospital but had to be stalled after Zydus failed to get the necessary permission from the corporation. The company has secured permission for 22 floors but there are some issues with the corporation and the company is waiting for the approvals to come through,\" said a source.The source added that a builder, who is constructing a scheme behind the plot where Zydus is setting up the hospital, has objected to the height of the project.The project has been frozen for the second time since construction began last year. In January 2011, a land dispute between the railways and the state government led to stopping of construction work at the site.\"The matter is in the high court and if the verdict goes against us, we will approach the Supreme Court,\" said a railway official. The official claimed that the land belonged to the railways since 1985. As per the government's town planning scheme, the railways were recently approached to shift to an alternative place, which was rejected by the railways.The hospital project is owned by Zydus Family Trust, which floated a new entity - Zydus Hospitals Pvt Ltd for the purpose. Zydus will also foray into Vadodara with a 300-bed capacity and spend Rs 450 crore on its hospital ventures. The company already operates one hospital in Anand and had announced the Ahmedabad project to be launched by the end of 2013. With the Ahmedabad project facing hurdles, sources claimed that Patel is now focusing on launching the hospital project in Vadodara.In 2011, Zydus Hospitals acquired an under-construction mall in Anand and converted it into a 160-bed hospital. Zydus Family Trust belongs to Patel and his family members and has a 75% stake in the listed entity Cadila Healthcare Ltd .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "dasna", "code": "17642876", "title": "Trial via videocon to cut risk of moving criminals", "text": "DASNA: To reduce security risks of transporting highprofile criminals housed in Dasna Jail to the Greater Noida district court over 30km away, the court is likely to begin videoconferencing the proceedings. Officials said the plan was to materialize in 2013.The transport of criminals is a time consuming and expensive affair. \"It costs a lot of money and moreover it's also a security risk. The roads are crowded and due to heavy vehicular movement on NH-24, there are constant stoppages which is a problem for us,\" said an official of Dasna Jail.\"Currently we are using this technology on a trial basis with the Ghaziabad district court and it has proved effective. We want to extend this to other courts,\" said the official.Dasna Jail is located near the extremely busy Dasna toll on the arterial NH-24 and as a result the simple act of transporting a convict from the jail to the court leads to traffic stoppages and delays that cause mayhem on the entire route. \"If this move is successful, we'll only move criminals arrested on grave charges who must appear in court in person,\" explained the official.However, the superintendent of the jail, V R Sharma, was quick to point out that the plan was still in a very nascent stage. \"It's going to take a while to figure out all the formalities involved,\" he said.The Uttar Pradesh government has built a videoconferencing room in the jail at an estimated cost of around Rs 53 lakh. The room has been built in such a way that it resembles a court room and has eight cameras, a LCD and also has the facilities for a court official to check the accused's documents related to the case, said officials. This videoconferencing technology began with relation to cases going on in the Ghaziabad court from October 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17642711", "title": "Akshay, Aryaman on target for Cathedral", "text": "MUMBAI: Akshay Singhania and Aryaman Wasim were bang on target as Cathedral &amp; John Connon defeated St Dominic Savio 2-0 in a pre-quarterfinal match of the JC Maitra &amp; JC Bhattacharjee memorial boys (under-16) football tournament, organised by Bengal Club Sports Academy, at the MSSA ground on Sunday.Results : Cathedral &amp; John Connon 2 (Akshay Singhania, Aryaman Wasim) bt St Dominic Savio 0; St Francis D'Assisi 2 (Arbaz Shaikh, Nigel Martis) bt Campion HS 0; St Augustine 3 (Gaurav 2, Mandeep Singh) bt BD Somani 0; Don Bosco 4 (Quentin Britto, Marc D'Douza, Kshit Kuppikar, Pierre Noronha) bt Dhirubhai Ambani 0; Anjuman Islam 2 (Afshan Ali, Sardar Umer) bt St Paul's 0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17649566", "title": "Anti-quota protest in UP threatening to turn violent", "text": "LUCKNOW: The protest against the constitutional amendment bill providing reservation to scheduled castes and tribes in promotions in government services is now threatening to turn violent. On Monday, employees opposing the bill set afire posters and banners outside the offices of UP Congress and UP BJP units. They also created a ruckus outside BSP chief Mayawati's house.The employees opposing the bill also blocked the busy road in front of the state assembly and held demonstration at many places in the city. Effigies of the leaders of BSP, Congress and BJP were burnt at many places. Similar reports poured in from other parts of the state. Even clashes between anti and pro-reservation employees was also reported from some places.Of 22 lakh state government employees, around 18 lakh are already on an indefinite strike for the last five days. The four lakh scheduled caste employees who are supporting the bill also staged demonstration alleging that anti-reservation group has put locks in the offices and are not allowing them to work. Police has been deployed at many places in view of the tension.While the ruling SP is supporting the agitation, the BSP is backing the pro reservation employees. Though the BJP is supporting the bill, voices of dissent were heard with some youth wing leading asking party MPs to vote as per their conscience and not as per the whip. The UP Congress leaders, however, avoided public appearance or any comment on the issue.The bill is to be placed for voting in the Rajya Sabha. The SP has announced to vote against the bill. Describing the bill as anti-national, SP leader, Ram Gopal Yadav , said that the majority in the country is opposing reservation in promotions for scheduled castes/tribes. He said that SP wants the people of India to see the stand taken by various parties over the issue.Shailendra Dubey, leader of the anti-reservation employees, said that the agitation has received massive public support. \"Over 80% people are against the bill. All the political parties supporting the bill should consider the majority public sentiment, otherwise they all will face the consequences in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections,\" he said. The bill, he said, is unconstitutional.The anti-reservation employees denied reports of violence but warned that they will also be forced to stall emergency services, if their demand is not met. The employees in favour of the reservation said that those opposing the bill have distorted facts and misguided people on the issue. The reservation in promotion is to check discrimination against Dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17645131", "title": "Nizam-era water level recorder lies defunct", "text": "HYDERABAD: Believe it or not, a gramophone-like instrument used to record water level at Osmansagar during the Nizam era. Though the device is defunct now, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) is trying to preserve it for its unique function.The Nizam had installed it after constructing Osmansagar reservoir, one of the main drinking water sources of the twin cities, in 1920. Apart from recording the water level, the instrument, manufactured by M/s Geo Kent Ltd, London , even used to sound the flood warning.Those days, a waterman used to go on horseback to Osmansagar reservoir to note down the reservoir levels everyday. As a result, he used to spend the entire day to get just one reading.When the Nizam came to know about the time-consuming process, he held discussions with engineering officials and ordered Geo Kent Ltd, London, to install a device to measure water levels at Osmansagar. The gramophone-like gadget, depending on the water level, used to emit sound, which a person sitting at the Water Works' head office in Goshamahal would decipher and record water levels every day and inform higher-ups.\"The instrument became defunct as there were no technicians in the city to repair it. The Water Board tried to bring technicians from other places, but the efforts were futile. Moreover, we have better instruments to record water levels now. However, due to its unique function, we decided to preserve the gadget,\" HMWS&SB; general manager (Osmansagar), D Sridhar Babu, told TOI.\"We kept the instrument at the 'Water Museum' opened at Water Board head office in Khairatabad in 2009. Working engines, rare instruments, display panels, guidebooks, old photographs and registers are on display at the museum. The audible water indicator (gramophone) became one of the major attractions at the museum. Due to various reasons, the museum had to be closed down. We shifted the gramophone back to its orginal place at Osmansagar,\" he said.\"As it is a rare instrument, which records water levels through audio system, it has to be kept at the Salar Jung Museum,\" a retired Water Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645455", "title": "Tirur betel farmers scramble for GI tag to secure Pakistan market", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Melethil Beeran Kutty, a betel farmer in Ananthavur near Tirur, is a worried man. He is facing a stiff challenge from his Sri Lankan counterparts in his only overseas market.Beeran Kutty and other farmers in and around Tirur have been exporting betel leaves to Pakistan, especially Karachi and Lahore, via the Middle East for over half a century. The leaves have been popular in these markets as Tirur-Lanka pan.And the name is what played in Lankan farmers' favour. Capitalizing on the popularity of Tirur betel leaves, they too are selling the produce to Pakistan under the same name, Tirur-Lanka pan, for a lesser price.Beeran Kutty is now pinning his hope on the Kerala Agricultural University's (KAU) plan to secure geographical indications tag for the Tirur betel leaves, an attempt by the varsity's Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Cell to help farmers protect their rights over the unique produce.\"It is our soil, climate and farming practices that give the leaves its unique flavour and spiciness, which is lacking in leaves produced elsewhere in the world. We can continue the vocation only if the product is exported to Pakistan,\" Beeran Kutty said. The farmer said it was important to their market in Pakistan as it was unviable to grow the crops for the local markets due to high labour charges.\"Sadly, the Sri Lankan leaves are gaining an upper hand in Pakistan at our cost. We hope that the GI tag would help us protect the heritage and legacy of Tirur betel leaves in Pakistan,\" he said. Even the weather in Pakistan would affect Tirur's small community of betel farmers. \"We were selling 100 betel leaves for Rs 75, but the cold wave there has brought the price down to Rs 60 today,\" Beeran Kutty saidadding that in the local market he could make only Rs 35 per 100 leaves.Abdul Latheef, owner of Alukkal Trading, which has been exporting leaves to Pakistan since 1969, said the Tirur leaves had lost it edge in the Pakistani market.\"Our leaves have been historically called Tirur Lanka pan and the name might have also helped Sri Lanka capture the Pakistani market,\" he said, adding that the export had dipped three-four tonnes a week from 25 tonnes, when it was ferried via trains before the Babri Masjid demolition in 1992. While betel exports from India tumbled following the masjid demolition and the Kargil war, Sri Lanka filled the vacuum, with the island country's customs department figures showing that the export of beedi and betel leaves from the country to Pakistan have grown from US$ 7.9 million to US$ 44 million in 2010.Getting Tirur betel leaves into the GI registry would enable farmers enforce their rights over the geographical product worldwide, said Prof C R Elsy, coordinator of the IPR cell of the KAU.She said that KAU would conduct a series of tests to establish the unique qualities of the product. \"We will be doing chemical characterization to identify the chemical components that provides the unique quality to the leaves. Also organoleptic studies would be done to establish the pungency, taste and texture of the leaves,\" she said.Kozhikode: Melethil Beeran Kutty and family of Ananthavur near Tirur have been praying for good relations between sub-continental rivals India and Pakistan all through their lives. For, peace at the historically tumultuous borders have a direct bearing on the Melethil family which have been cultivating betel leaves exclusively to cater to the Karachi and Lahore markets for over half a century.The small community of betel farmers around Tirur who have weathered many wars, decades of hostility and fragile peace between the two nations now find themselves pitted in new war front to save their livelihood and a century-old legacy.The market for 'Tirur Lanka Pan' as the betel leaves from Tirur are known in Pakistan is under threat mainly from cheaper exports from Sri Lanka, which have eaten into the exclusive market for Tirur betel leaves. The Tirur pan commands a premium in Pakistan because of its spicy flavour and aroma. The farmers say that leaves from Sri Lanka are also being marketed as Tirur betel leaves in Pakistan.In a last ditch effort to protect their only overseas market, the farmers are in the process of securing Geographical Indications (GI) tag for the 'Tirur Betel Leaves'. The Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Cell of Kerala Agricultural University is helping the farmers protect the community rights over their unique agricultural product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17645418", "title": "A move for better hygiene, dignity", "text": "MALAPPURAM: More government higher secondary schools in the district will get girl-friendly toilets soon. The government has sanctioned such toilets in 29 more schools, following a request by the district panchayat.Girl-friendly toilets are being set up especially for teenagers. The district panchayat had submitted a proposal for the girls' toilets with the better facilities in 45 higher secondary schools across the district. However, only 30 schools got the government support in the first phase. District panchayat president Zuhra Mambad said the initiative was aimed at improving the menstrual hygiene practices and dignity of girls.\"The toilets would be designed to provide more privacy for girls. The toilets would have incinerators for the disposal of sanitary napkins and also provision to keep personal articles,\" she said.She said the existing toil facilities were inadequate as the number of girls in higher secondary schools has been increasing annually.\"Many existing toilets are also not in usable condition. Such initiatives will encourage parents in rural areas to continue educating their daughters even after they attain puberty,\" she added.District panchayat secretary A Abdul Latheef said Rs 5 lakh has already been sanctioned and the remaining fund would be provided soon. \"The construction of the toilets will begin soon,\" he said.A meeting of school principals and PTA representatives would be held on Monday at the secretary's chamber for discussing the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644219", "title": "NMC gave fire permit to Godrej Anandam sans complete plans", "text": "NAGPUR: The fire safety department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has woken up to several lapses in the permissions granted to Godrej Anandam township, which is being built on Model Mills land. NMC has now issued a show-cause notice to the builder, asking why the approval already granted should not be scrapped.The development has, however, raised questions on the department's functioning, by asking how it gave a go-ahead in the first place, overlooking certain key norms. The maps on the basis of which the approval was granted did not contain certain key data required for judging fire safety. But the builder got an approval irrespective of this absence. The chief fire officer during whose tenure the approval was granted has now retired.The notice is expected to bring fresh regulatory hurdles for the builder. Although sources say that the flaws can be corrected if the builder takes prompt action.The project was started by Raipur-based Gold Bricks Infrastructure Limited, which roped in realty major Godrej Properties as a joint venture partner this year.The notice says that even as the builder had secured permission from the fire department in October last year, the approval had several discrepancies.The issue of under-recovery of fire safety charges is also being raised. The department charges a separate high rise fund for tall buildings. There is an apparent under-recover of this levy, which TOI has reported.Even as this charge has been fixed at Rs2 crore a building, Godrej Anandam had got the entire complex of 14 towers approved as a single building. They are claiming that the towers are connected by a motorable pathway making it an integrated structure.Responding to a TOI query, a Godrej Properties official said, \"We have received a letter from the department and all clarifications, as required, are being given, indicating that work is happening only as per the sanctioned plan and is in order. The letter from the authorities has sought certain clarifications and supporting documents and the information is being provided to them. It is not a show cause notice but a letter.\" However, the letter in TOI's possession is titled 'show cause notice'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645063", "title": "Arabic, Persian dominated Surat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarati was not the common language in the 15th and 16th century Surat. Arabic and Persian dominated the port city because of its cosmopolitan culture. No wonder, Gujarati has borrowed several words from Arabic and Persian languages.These revelations have been made in reports by Professor Michael Pearson from the University of New South Wales and well-known business historian Makrand Mehta. \"Surat was extremely cosmopolitan. There may have been a commonly understood lingua franca in Surat, most likely Arabic and from some time in the sixteenth century, a version of Portuguese to enable basic commercial exchanges,\" says the paper on Reflections on the Port City of Surat as a study case by Pearson.The paper has been presented at 'Port Towns of Gujarat', a symposium on the role of ports and sea towns in economy, society and polity of Gujarat being held in Surat during December 14-16 by Darshak Itihas Nidhi, a not-for-profit organization.Another paper presented by historian Makrand Mehta says that the Gujarati language was influenced by Arabic and Persian, adopting words such as Khasbazar (main market), masal (torch), dukan (shop), nakad (cash), jahaj (ship) and sharraf (money-lender).\"Numerous Jain merchants, Hindus, Parsis and local Muslims lived in Khambhat. We also get description of Arabs, Turks and Iranians who lived in the town. The Jain, Hindu, Muslim Bohras, Khojas and Parsi merchants generally shared cordial and mutually beneficial trade relations. They also shared a common spoken and written language. Such a broad cultural outlook influenced the course of the Gujarati language,\" writes Mehta in the paper Genesis and Growth of Khambhat as a Port Town.In the early history of Gujarat, people from all over the world settled in Surat or visited the port on business. In 1663, historian Manuel Godinho found Spaniards, Frenchmen, Germans, English, Dutch, Flemish, Dunkirkians, Italians, Hungarians, Poles, Swedes, Turks, Arabs, Persians, Tartars, Georgians, Scynthians, Chinese, Malabaris, Bengalis, Sinhaliese, Armenians and an endless variety of other strange barbarian people, says the Pearson report.The report also says that local merchants were conscious of their individual faith and religion but when Surat was attacked, disasters befell merchants irrespective of religion, caste or community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644446", "title": "Home secretary dismisses Malik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s comment that Jundal was an Indian agent", "text": "NEW DELHI: Immediately after Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik flew back, a furious India rejected his claim that Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorist Abu Jundal was an operative of an Indian intelligence agency and dismissed it as a \"ridiculous\" remark.\"Such a statement is ridiculous. Jundal was working with the LeT on Pakistan's soil when the Mumbai terror attack was carried out,\" home secretary R K Singh told TOI, waiting just enough for the diplomatic nicety of seeing Malik leave.Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , who avoided holding a press conference with Malik as Parliament is on, may make a more elaborate statement on the issue as well as the outcome of Malik's visit in both Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha either on Monday or Tuesday.Malik had first made his remark on Jundal to TOI in an interview. Hours after his comments appeared in TOI, he elaborated on it while delivering a lecture at a think tank on Sunday. Calling Jundal a \"double agent\", he said the LeT terrorist had admitted being a \"source of an elite Indian intelligence agency in his statement given in Saudi Arabia post his detention (early this year)\".\"Now, see, he has used agencies also and went rogue. Put it another way, you become a source, you become a double agent. While he is working, living in India, he might have gone rogue and then these three individuals (Jundal, Fahim Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed) go to Pakistan,\" Malik said, while drawing a parallel between Jundal and American Lashkar terrorist of Pakistani origin David Headley who had worked for US intelligence agency before turning to the ISI-sponsored Pakistan-based terror outfit.The remark, as expected, outraged home ministry officials, considering Pakistan went to great lengths to block Jundal's deportation from Saudi Arabia. Pakistan's diplomats had even told Saudi authorities that Jundal was a Pakistani, citing the passport and the national identity number issued to him.On Malik's remark that Indian agencies could have prevented the Mumbai terror attack, home ministry officials said the main issue was that the Mumbai terror attack was conceived and planned and directed from Pakistan.Pakistan did not take any action against these terrorist elements when the plan was being conceived and put into effect, they said, adding even after the Mumbai terror attack when full facts were known to the world, Pakistan was hesitating to take action against key conspirators and key operatives.Malik had told TOI, \"Abu Jundal is an Indian. We are also curious as to how he and others landed in Pakistan. He was a known criminal. He worked as a source of an Indian intelligence agency. I am not saying this. He himself has said so. I have seen records.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17644036", "title": "Tribals resolve resolve to form pan-India union", "text": "LUCKNOW: Representatives of various tribes in the state on Sunday resolved that they will form an all India union and will vote for the party which promises to implement the Forest Rights Act 2006 that provides forest dwellers individual and community rights to hold and live on forest land and use its produce.The resolution was passed in a meeting held under the banner of the National Forum of Forest People and Forest Workers. The tribals who had come to the city from across the state, said that the distribution of land titles to the forest dwellers was stopped after Samajwadi Party came to the power in the state and hence for the Lok Sabha 2014 election, they will vote for only those political parties which will assure them of giving back their rights.The forest dwellers said that ideally forest land in 19 districts of the state should have been distributed to the forest workers by now, but more than 70% of the work is still pending. They also decided that to form an all India union. \"As forest dwellers are scattered across the country, governments of the day do not take their demands seriously. The union will help them emerge as a major force,\" said veteran social and forest right activist Ashok Chowdhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648104", "title": "Li\u00e2\u20ac\u2122l Ganesha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s mask on its way from Canada", "text": "Yesterday, (16th December, 2012), Life OK along with the audiences witnessed the arrival of Lord Ganesha. Yes, you guessed it correct; we are talking about Devo Ke Dev Mahadev, the most celebrated show which is ruling millions of hearts.Now, lets talk about the actor Sadhil Kapoor, who is portraying the character of little Ganesha in the show. A source says that the current applied Ganesha mask is just a temporary one and sometimes create lot of problems for the child. But the pain is temporary for the kid as the makers have called for a special mask from Hollywood, which wouldn't be a problem to apply and confiscate.\"When asked about the same, Ajit Thakur, the general manager of Life OK shared, \"We know that the current mask applied to the kid is temporary one and we have called for another mask which will be more comfortable to wear. The new mask will take little time to arrive as it is on its way to India from Canada .\"All we can say is bear some more time Sadhil, the new mask is on its way!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645061", "title": "Anandnagar killing: Focus now on maid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Manali, the housemaid who is the prime accused in the murder of her employer - a 50-year-old woman at her bungalow near Shyamal crossroads has been finally nabbed. City cops have caught her in Motihari, Bihar.The team of Anandnagar police officials, which tracked down Manali, has left for Ahmedabad from Motihari and is likely to reach the city by Tuesday morning, said the city police sources.On November 26, Madhu Agarwal was found dead from her residence in Dhananjay Bungalows near Shyamal crossroads by her son in the afternoon. Her body bore 42 stabs. Manali, a domestic help in the house, was missing after the incident. When police linked one factor with another, they came up with the hypothesis that Manali and her boyfriend Rohit might have been involved in the case.A team of Anandnagar police officials arrested Rakesh Saha alias Rohit, 21, Mohit Saha alias Pappu, 24, and Sunil Mahato alias Bhagelu, 25 - all natives of Motihari district in Bihar - from near the Indo-Nepal border and brought them to the city.Police said that Rohit wanted to flee with Manali and had thus involved others to rob the house. When Agarwal protested, the assailants killed her. After this they fled for Bihar.\"During their questioning, the trio confessed that they had kept Manali out of the group when they fled from their native to evade police action.\" said a police official.Blurry cluesThough Manali's role in the murder is being probed, the police are yet to know about the exact role she played in the crime. \"It is possible that Agarwal must have come to know about the affair between Manali and Rohit and reprimanded them, triggering the animosity against her. Manali is a key accused and witness in the entire episode,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17645178", "title": "John Kerry is likely next secretary of state", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama is likely to nominate Massachusetts Senator John Kerry as his next secretary of state, media reports said.Kerry, 69, currently the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , has been a close confidant of Obama on foreign policy issues. If confirmed by the Senate, Kerry would replace Hillary Clinton , set to vacate the post by the end of the Obama administration's first term on January 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644318", "title": "State to help housing societies get deemed conveyance", "text": "PUNE: The state government on Saturday launched a special drive to issue deemed conyevance deeds to eligible cooperative housing societies. All the departments concerned and stake holders were present to clear issues.As per the existing system, all the stake holders have to go through multiple hearings with three departments - land records, registrar of stamps and the cooperation department. The department of housing is keen to bring down the number to one or two general hearings where all the issues related to issuing deemed conveyance can be sorted out. The state will be holding the drive until June 30, 2013 during which hearings of most housing societies will be completed, officials said.There are 80,000 housing societies in the state of which about 20,000 have received their conveyance deeds. There are about 13,400 housing societies within the limits of Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations and entire Haveli tehsil. An estimated 50% of them are yet to receive their conveyance deeds for various reasons, said district deputy registrar Kiran Sonawane.Sonawane said that every district will have a committee headed by the district collector and comprise representatives of the three departments concerned who will deal with the task of issuing deemed conveyance.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had called a meeting in November and asked all district collectors, officials in land records department, district deputy registrars of cooperation department and senior officials from stamp department to work together to complete the process of issuing the pending deemed conveyance deeds, said Shrikant Pulkundwar, under-secretary, state housing department.Officials said that the first step for this committee is to prepare a district-wise detailed database of housing societies, plots and bungalows. The status of every society seeking conveyance deed will be checked with all departments concerned, which would give the administration an idea about the number of societies, how soon deemed conveyance can be issued and also the procedure. All the queries of other departments will be answered and a final decision will be taken during one hearing before the registrar from the cooperation department. Sonawane said, \"I have already asked my assistants and other officials to conduct a detailed survey of the societies in the city as a preparation for the drive. We will come to know the exact number of societies waiting for their conveyance deed. Once all the departments conduct a joint meeting, we will get a clear idea and finish issuing deemed conveyance.\"Commenting on hurdles in securing conveyance deeds, a senior official from state housing department said, \"Builders have an eye on extra floor space index (FSI), transfer of development rights (TDR) and redevelopment of old buildings and hence delay the procedure of issuing conveyance deed. If a cooperative housing society gets additional FSI or TDR, it can be utilized as per the society's requirements; but if a housing society is not formed, the benefits go to the builder concerned.\"Suhas Patwardhan, president of Pune district housing cooperative federation, said, \"It is a good move on part of the state government since it will speed up the lengthy process and many societies waiting for their conveyance deeds will get some relief. We will also conduct an awareness campaign among the societies about the initiative and appeal to them to participate in the drive and secure deemed conveyance deeds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644171", "title": "Malik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit backfires, India rules out joint statement", "text": "NEW DELHI: India refused to issue a joint statement with Pakistan at the end of interior minister Rehman Malik's three-day visit, a public protest against the provocations of the visiting Pakistani minister which set the peace process backwards, negating the very objective of the meeting.Though a joint press conference by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and his Pakistani counterpart was ruled out at the very outset on account of Parliament being in session, the two sides had agreed to issue a joint statement.Officials in the home ministry were, in fact, working on a draft until the ceaseless needling led India to decide that enough was enough. The last minute decision was a vivid illustration of India's annoyance over Malik's conduct which widened the trust deficit and reinforced India's suspicions that Pakistan was not sincere when it promised to punish the perpetrators of 26/11.However, the bitter taste left by Malik's controversial remarks - wherein he mentioned 26/11 and Babri demolition in the same breath and also indicated that Kargil martyr Saurabh Kalia may have succumbed to inclement weather - led India to do away with a joint statement. The fact that this was a last-minute decision, taken after much prodding of Malik's delegation to act on India's demands in the 26/11 case, was clear when home ministry officials were asked to work on Sunday in anticipation of a positive response from Pakistan.In fact, even before they decided against the joint statement, India made its disgust plain. Shinde, whom Malik had stunned into silence by raking up Babri, reportedly told the Pakistani visitor during one-on-one talks that he had spoken out of turn and that he should have restricted his statement to only the visa agreement.The only concrete outcome was the understanding on the visit of a second Pakistani judicial commission to India to cross-examine the key 26/11 witnesses here. But in what vividly illustrates how the alleged peace mission was marred by a deepening suspicion of Pakistan's intent to take the 26/11 probe and trial to a logical conclusion, India insisted on two riders.It insisted that a home ministry team should be allowed to visit Pakistan to work out the modalities and sort out the legal issues in the panel's visit. Secondly, the home ministry sought a firm legal opinion from Pakistani law officers on admissibility of the information that the panel seeks to collect from cross-examining witnesses here and also an express assurance that this would be the final visit of the judicial commission.The Indian side justified the riders by saying how Pakistan had done little to speed up the 26/11 trial and bring the perpetrators to justice.Much as Malik, in his one-on-one interaction with Shinde, offered to part with all the information sought by India on the 26/11 probe and trial in Pakistan, the delegation accompanying him showed few signs of matching up to the promises when it came to the brasstacks. Incidentally, Abu Jundal being an \"Indian intelligence agent\" was never raised by Malik during the talks, even after the Indian side repeatedly cited Jundal's statement to underline that even he had confirmed Hafiz Saeed's role as the prime mover of the 26/11 attack.Among the demands put forward by Shinde at his interaction with Malik were handing over a copy of the 26/11 chargesheet filed in the Rawalpindi court, details of calls exchanged by 26/11 perpetrators, IP addresses used for communication during the Mumbai attacks and details of bank accounts supposedly used by 26/11 accused Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi. Shinde also sought dates for an NIA team's visit to review progress of the 26/11 probe in Pakistan.Though Malik's response was prompt and \"magnanimous\" - he said all demands would be met and even volunteered to ferry the NIA team to Pakistan on his return flight - when the Indo-Pakistan delegations really got down to business, the assurances seemed to have run dry.One particular incident confirmed that Pakistan's attitude towards the 26/11 case - tall promises but no follow-up - remains unchanged. When Shinde asked Malik for details of the 26/11 chargesheet filed with the anti-terror court in Adiala jail, Malik promptly offered to get the signatory, an additional secretary who was part of his delegation, to hand over the document.However, when the additional secretary in question was confronted with the request for a copy of the chargesheet, he looked puzzled and said he had brought no such document with him.The chargesheet would have helped the Indian side to confirm if the evidence submitted against the seven accused on trial in Pakistan was based on just the statements of Ajmal Kasab and Abu Jundal or if some further investigation had been carried out by the FIA .Malik's assurance on call details, IP addresses and bank account queries related to 26/11 also met the same fate. An official who was part of the talks told TOI that this really put off the Indian side, which saw this as yet another confirmation of Pakistan's continuing unwillingness to cooperate on bringing the 26/11 perpetrators to book.In fact, Pakistan's failure to match its assurances with action was raised by Shinde at a dinner hosted at the Pakistan high commission on Saturday. He confronted Malik on how his promises on 26/11 cooperation had fizzled out when the India-Pakistan delegations sat on the table. Malik, as usual, is said to have deftly evaded a response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17648936", "title": "CM pushes cops for statewide eve-teasing prevention cell", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda , who is in US for the treatment of his son, on Sunday directed DGP G S Rath to activate eve-teasing prevention cell throughout the state. \"Taking serious note of the suicide of the girl after she was allegedly harassed by eve-teasers the chief minister has also asked the DGP to immediately arrest all those who are guilty,\" said an officer in chief minister's secretariat.\"After seeing the daily paper clippings which is sent to him every day the chief minister personally called senior officers including the DGP and issued necessary instructions,\" the officer added. Police have arrested one Anuj Kumar Verma, who is accused of teasing a school girl who immolated herself after she was allegedly tortured by the boy. The parents of the girl lodged an FIR with the police late on Saturday night in which they accused the boy, and four other unknown persons, of teasing their daughter. The FIR has been lodged by Dinesh Tigga, father of the deceased.The Class X girl, Monu Manita Tigga, had immolated herself at her house in Shanti Nagar in Ratu locality on Saturday morning when there was no one present in the house. The younger brother of the girl, who was playing outside the house, came to witness the fire in the house but it was too late to save the girl. Family members said the girl had used kerosene to immolate herself.In the FIR, Dinesh Tigga has accused Anuj Kumar Verma and four other boys in Shanti Nagar locality of teasing the girl frequently. Sources from Ratu police station said the family members of the girl had time and again warned the boy not to tease the girl but he did not pay heed.Officer-in-charge of Ratu police station, Satendra Narayan Singh, said, \"Out of the five accused, one person has been named in the FIR while the other four are unnamed.\" Police said they are looking for the other four boys and raids have also been carried out. They would be arrested soon.The girl was a student of Girls High School, Mahavir Chowk in Upper Bazaar. The girl's family has also accused that the boys used to chase the girl everyday when she used to leave home for school. The girl had to face a similar situation also on her way back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17643025", "title": "Man jailed after British woman's complaint", "text": "JAISALMER: A British woman, who was living with a married man here for the past four years, has lodged a case against him for refusing to marry her and taking around Rs 30 lakh from her. Police registering the case have arrested the youth. But strangely enough, the foreigner woman has refused to get any medical check-up done.Over four dozen foreigner women are camping in Jaisalmer, a world famous tourist spot, for quite a long time for fulfilling their sexual needs. They are residing with Indian friends under live-in relationship as husband and wife. These foreign women lust after Indian youth and pay them a huge amount for sex as men from western Rajasthan are known for their sexual prowess.In this case, Britain resident Alexandra Smith for the last four years was living in with her male friend Bhuraram Mali, a resident of Badbagh in Jaisalmer. Bhuraram's family members did not have any objection to their relationship. But when Bhuraram lost interest in Alexandra and left her, she became annoyed and lodged a case against him for cheating and refusing to marry her.SHO Virendra Singh confirming the case said that Alexandra had come to see India and met Bhuraram in Jaisalmer. After some time, they developed a strong friendship and started staying together. In the meantime, Alexandra gave Bhuraram Rs 4 lakh for a Qualis car, Rs 1.50 lakh for making jewellery to Bhuraram's sister's manager, along with she also gave a huge amount for getting Bhuraram's truck repaired. Bhuraram and Alexandra had jointly leased a hotel for income purposes, but Alexandra had paid most of the money for it. She has accused Bhuraram of taking away Rs 30 lakh from her.Singh said the foreigner in her report said that Bhuraram one day applied vermilion on her forehead told her they were husband and wife from that day and promised to get married legally later. He even told her that since his first wife was not able to conceive so their marriage will be legally valid. Thus, they started living together. But some time ago Bhuraram along with his friend beat her and tore her clothes.In her report, she has requested that her Rs 30 lakh be given back to her. She has also refused to get any kind of medical check-up done. Police lodged a case under sections 420, 406 and 494 and arrested Bhuraram two days ago. On Saturday, he was produced before the judge, who ordered that he be sent to jail.Jaisalmer: Britain resident woman, who was living in with a married man for the past four years has lodged a case for refusing to marry her and that he had taken around Rs 30 lakh. Police registering the case has arrested the youth and sent him to jail. The foreigner woman has refused to get any type of medical check up.Actually, in world famous tourist place Jaisalmer, over four dozen foreigner women for fulfilling her sexual desire, are residing with domestic friends under live in relations like husband and wife; these foreign women in craze for Indian youth, pay them huge amount for sex and fulfill their demands. Otherwise to youth of western rajasthan are considered strong in performing sexual intercourse. Looking to this, large number of foreigner women for a quite a long time is camping in Jaisalmer.In this case, Britain resident Alexandra Smith daughter of Edward Smith for the last four years was residing with male friend Bhuraram Mali resident of Badbagh Jaisalmer like husband and wife under live in relations. The family members of Bhuraram did not have any objection on this relation, when Bhuraram lost interest in Alexandra and left her, annoyed on this, the woman lodged case against him for cheating and refusing to marry her. Station officer Virendra Singh confirming about the case said that Alexandra had come to roam India from Britain and she met Bhuraram at Jaisalmer. After some time, they developed strong friendship and started staying together. In the meantime, Alexandra gave Rs 4 lakh for Qualis vehicle, gave Rs 1.50 lakh for making jewellery for Bhuraram's sister's manager, sometimes gave huge amount for getting the truck repaired, gave huge sum for hotel in this way, she has reported the police for Bhuraram taking away Rs 30 lakh from her.Virendra Singh said the foreigner in her report told that Bhuraram one day applied vermilion and said that from today, she is his wife and will get married legally later. He even told that his first wife is not able to conceive therefore our marriage will be valid legally. They started residing together like husband and wife, but some time ago bhuraram along with his friend beat her and torn her clothes. In her report, she has requested to get her Rs 30 lakh given to bhuraram and asked not to get any kind of medical check up. Police under section 420, 406 and 494 have lodged the case and arrested bhuraram two days ago. On Saturday, he was produced before the judge from where he was ordered to send to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644760", "title": "Couple tries suicide on MRTS tracks, man dead", "text": "CHENNAI: Renuka Devi, 21, lay bleeding for more than seven hours on the MRTS track at Perungudi next to the body of the man she loved and dreamt of marrying. They had jumped under a passing train on Saturday to end their lives after their parents allegedly opposed their plans.Anand Kumar, 23, from Teynampet, died on the spot while Renuka was rescued by a motorman of the morning train that reached the station from Velachery around 6am. Shocked to see the mangled body of the boy and the injured girl on the tracks, he called an ambulance and the police. Renuka has been admitted to the government general hospital with severe injuries.The motorman of the Beach-Velachery MRTS train, on its last trip of the day, did not know what happened because the couple jumped under the train after it started to move from the station at 10.45pm, police said. There was no one at the station because MRTS stations are usually deserted after 9pm and the lone railway employee who sells tickets leaves soon after the last train departs.A railway police official said, \"We spoke to the victims' relatives. Renuka and Anand Kumar were working in a shop as sales staff and fell in love. Their parents opposed the relationship. They seem to have come to the railway station on Saturday evening.\"He said it was the first suicide at an MRTS station. \"Nobody has jumped in the path of an MRTS train before. The motorman may have noticed if they jumped in the path of the train, but they jumped under the train when it was moving,\" he said.\"It is a miracle that the girl survived though she lay on the tracks the whole night. Nobody goes to the platform after the last train leaves,\" said a police officer.In spite of repeated cases of vandalism and theft, railways have not posted round-the-clock security at MRTS stations. Railway Protection Force personnel are posted only at major stations and not at stations like Perungudi located between Taramani and Velachery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645911", "title": "SRK wants to work with Priyanka in his next film", "text": "Buzz is, Shah Rukh Khan wants to work with PeeCee in his next film. Will it be a Happy New Year for the actress?The doors of Mannat may have slammed on her face, but Priyanka Chopra may not have burnt all her professional bridges after all. TOI has learnt that Shah Rukh Khan, who has been speaking very highly and fondly of PeeCee on camera, wants to be seen with her again on screen. And he is flexing all his muscles to ensure that she is paired with him in Farah Khan's Happy New Year, which goes on the floors next year.Though Farah is tight-lipped about the developments, sources say there has been a spate of hectic planning and strategising to include PeeCee, the original choice for the role before the SRK-Gauri-KJo episode went live, to make a comeback with her hot co-star from Don. In fact, she may have edged out every one else in the race - including Deepika-to bag the part.\"Deepika, Katrina, Priyanka and Kareena were all in the reckoning,\" says a source. While Bebo is in no hurry to sign a new film, Anushka has no time. Deepika has already bagged Chennai Express with SRK, making PeeCee the default choice.What is also working in PeeCee's favour is SRK's seal of approval. Sources close to both the stars say that a defiant Khan has been functioning 'like a man possessed'. \"Always acutely conscious of his image as someone who put his wife on a pedestal, and his best friends before himself, he is now cocking a snook to all those who thought they had him wrapped around their fingers,\" says the source. And despite Gauri's obvious disapproval of PeeCee and the couple's old friends rallying around Mrs Khan, SRK has decided to throw in his might behind his controversial co-star.\"With PeeCee trying hard to get a toe-hold in the Salman Khan camp, SRK tried his best to leverage his association with his Jab Tak co-star Katrina. But she stonewalled all his efforts,\"says the source. In fact, their tepid chemistry on screen and her curious disregard for SRK during their promotions had everyone from TV anchors to backstage boys chattering. Worse, despite SRK pitching Katrina for his stage shows abroad, she showed no interest.After a tumultuous 2012, PeeCee's 2013 diary is choc-a-bloc with big-banner projects. The sharp-asher-stilettos actress, who was written off by a section of the media as 'untouchable' and heavily criticised for her 'proximity' to SRK, has Krrish3, Zanjeer, Gunday and Mary Kom lined up.Sources say that even during the height of the SRK controversy, she had stood her ground and offered to show the 'affectionate messages' she had received from her friend, who had allegedly snapped ties with her on his wife's insistence. And while she has managed to woo back all those who had allegedly distanced themselves from her, she is yet to sign a film with Salman Khan. But that has more to do with old grudges nursed by Sohail (she had refused his Main aur Mrs Khanna ) than anything else.As for Farah, who recently managed to persuade SRK to rope in Shirish Kunder as editor for her film, it won't be easy to turn down her benefactor after all. Even if it means delaying a part of the film to accommodate PeeCee's dates. Not surprisingly, she maintains: \" Happy New Year will go on the floors in April 2013 and we will announce the star cast in January next year. You may speculate if you want to... but I cannot disclose any name right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17647176", "title": "Google takes Chandni Chowk market online", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 2,500 businesses in the capital's iconic Chandni Chowk market are now online with their own websites as part of an initiative by Google, owner of the world's most popular search engine.Google, as part of its 'India Get Your Business Online' initiative launched in November 2011, offers free websites and domains to small and medium businesses (SMBs) in the country.\"With over 137 million internet users in the country, an increasing number of users are now looking for local information online,\" Google India VP and managing director (sales and operations) Rajan Anandan said.An initiative like this helps SMBs get started on the internet, he added.\"There are 47 million SMBs in the country, but only 4,00,000 have a web presence. Of this, only 100,000 have a decent quality web presence,\" Anandan said.As part of the project, Google India and HostGator went to each shop in Chandni Chowk and built over 2,500 free websites for businesses operating from the market.In addition to creating these websites, Google India has also launched a common website 'www.chandnichowknowonline.in' to provide a directory of businesses from Chandni Chowk.Communications and IT Minister Kapil Sibal , who is also a Member of Parliament from the Chandni Chowk constituency, said the move will help these shop owners increase their business as information about them would be more widely available.\"Internet is becoming an engine of economic growth and is expected to contribute over USD 100 billion by 2015 to India's GDP. Embracing internet will increase competitiveness of these businesses in the global economy ,\" Sibal said.Google aims to build over 5,00,000 free websites for SMBs in the country by 2014. \"We have created over 1,50,000 websites across 7,850 cities in India within a year. Next year, we expect to cover 3,00,000 businesses and by 2014-end, we will meet the target of 5,00,000,\" Anandan said.He added the company is looking at some other major business hubs to take more small businesses online but did not disclose any details.Chandni Chowk is a hub of small and medium businesses in north India with over 5,000 businesses including suppliers, exporters and wholesalers, but very few own a website.\"This initiative from Google has provided all businesses with a professional website, which will now make it easier for customers to find us online and help us to grow our businesses,\" Kinari Bazaar Gota Zari Association of Chandni Chowk spokesperson Pradeep Jain said.Under the 'India Get Your Business Online' initiative, small businesses can set up a website for free and after a year, they need to pay just the website hosting charges. Google runs similar initiatives in other parts of the world as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17645159", "title": "UPA govt in ICU, Nitin Gadkari says", "text": "KARNAL: BJP president Nitin Gadkari said on Sunday that the UPA government at the Centre was in \"intensive care unit\" and predicted that next Lok Sabha elections were just around the corner.Addressing a rally here, Gadkari said that his party would form government after the next elections. Time had come for the BJP to form a government at the Centre, he added.He alleged that the Congress-led UPA government had failed to work for people and asserted that BJP-ruled states in the country were \"pro-active\" and were examples of \"good governance\".\"This time, BJP will form government at the Centre and will make a mark in good governance, good economic governance, good e-governance and social harmony,\" Gadkari said.Gadkari said that Congress policies had suffocated the people, who were now facing additional financial burden due to the ever increasing inflation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17648620", "title": "ASEAN car rally wheels into city for flag-down ceremony", "text": "GUWAHATI: Thirty-one cars that are part of the second edition of ASEAN-India Car Rally wheeled into the city on Sunday after traversing nine of the 10 ASEAN countries, inlcluding India. The rally, which was ceremonially flagged off in Singapore, hit the streets in the Indonesian city of Yogyakarta on November 26.On Monday, the rally will be flagged down at Sarusojai Stadium here amid a cultural extravaganza showcasing the rich cultural heritage of the northeast. The ASEAN-India Trade Conclave, organised by the state industries and commerce department in association with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will also be held on Monday.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar , Union minister of state for commerce and industry D Purandeshwari and minister of state for tribal affairs Ranee Narah will be present at the conclave. Foreign ministers attending the conclave include Cambodian commerce minister CHAM Prasidh, Laos's industry and commerce minister, Nam Viyaketh, Singaporean director of trade Francis Chong, minister and consul general of Philippines Maria Agnes M. Cervantes, Malaysia's deputy secretary general of international trade , Mohd Rizdal Sheriff, along with ASEAN ambassadors and high commissioners.The rally on Saturday halted at Kohima in Nagaland after arriving there from Manipur. On Sunday, Nagaland agriculture minister Chumben Murry flagged it off from Kohima.BJP Rajya Sabha MP Tarun Vijay, who is leading the rally, said that the focus of the event is to strengthen Indian-ASEAN relations. Vijay said the rally is expected to bring prosperity and connectivity to the northeast. \"The ASEAN-India Car Rally covered 8,000 km with 132 participants. This is one of the biggest milestones for the rally,\" he said.From Kohima, the car rally entered Assam's Karbi Anglong district at around 9am on Sunday. People thronged roadsides welcoming the participants as they whizzed past in their rally cars.A felicitation programme was also organized by the district administration at Numaligarh Refinery township in Golaghat district when the rally passed through the district. ''We welcomed the rally at Nambor Reserve Forest. People greeted them with Bihu and Jhumur dances at Numaligarh Refinery township'' said Golaghat deputy commissioner Sanjiv Gohain Boruah.The rally was seen off from Golaghat district with an elephant procession near Kaziranga National Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644661", "title": "Lift upkeep gets Goa law commission's attention", "text": "PANAJI: Stuck in an elevator after the power has snapped and spent some nerve-wrecking moments inside? There may be some good news for you soon as the state law commission has drafted a legislation to protect lift users and haul up managers of outdated and neglected lift systems.Lifts and elevators in some of the buildings in the state are so obsolete and unattended that their frequency of break-down is phenomenal, law commission chairman Narendra Sawaikar said.Realizing that there is no law to regulate installation and maintenance of elevators and lifts, and that most of the time, they are neglected, the law commission has drafted a legislation, the draft Lifts and Elevators Act, which will be submitted to the government next week.Sawaikar said, \"Currently, there is no regulatory authority in place that gives permission to install a lift. Also, there is no authority to inspect elevators to check their functioning long after they have been installed.\"Though it is mandatory for buildings that have three or ore floors to have elevators, Sawaikar said no specifications are given or followed.\"The capacity of the lift has to be considered before installation,\" he said, adding that the draft legislation also has a provision to penalize offenders.Under the proposed rules, inspectors will have to inspect the lift three years from the date of installation. The draft act also has a provision to see that elevators and lift maintenance is not neglected. Sawaikar further pointed out that there are no statistics as to how many buildings in the state have elevators.The commission will also submit a legislation on apartment ownership next week. Work of this legislation had been started by the previous law commission headed by Ramakant Khalap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644247", "title": "Private hospitals are yet to respond to civic plan on TB", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre's plans of providing free medication to patients suffering from multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDRTB), including those seeking treatment from the private sector, may be a tad too ambitious. A similar idea floated by the civic body about two months back is yet to yield any response from private hospitals in the city.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) approached some private hospitals, including Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani , Fortis, Hiranandani, Lilavati and BSES MG, with the proposal to start drug-resistant TB centres to ensure free treatment for those seeking help from the private sector.Dr Minni Khetarpal, Mumbai TB officer, said the BMC had approached the hospitals hoping to build private-public partnerships so that patients going to private hospitals can continue doing so and still get benefits of the revised national tuberculosis control programme (RNTCP) that provides free medicines. \"The cost of drugs for MDRTB could go upto Rs 25,000 per month and medicines have to be taken for two years without fail. Many patients start treatment in private set-ups but cannot afford it after a point,\" she said.\"Our plan is that private hospitals can charge regular consultation fees and ensure patients continue with the treatment under their supervision. But, none of the private hospitals came forward,\" she said. In Mumbai, 3-5% of fresh cases of TB are of MDRTB, which requires more aggressive management. India reports 15 lakh new cases of tuberculosis every year, out of which 10,000 are estimated to be that of MDRTB. Medication for MDRTB is provided only at KEM, BYL Nair and LTMG hospitals in the city.This year, so far, over 2,025 people have been detected with MDRTB, of which about 1,465 have been started on treatment. Interestingly, only 138 of the patients have enrolled under the national TB programme; 249 are taking treatment from the private sector. Khetarpal said they have been counselling 200 patients to join the national programme but 88 have refused to be part of it, saying it underlined the need to get the support of private hospitals in the fight against tuberculosis.Kokilaben hospital executive director Dr Ram Narain said the hospital had agreed to the idea in principal. \"But we need to work on clearer policies and protocols for better execution of the programme,\" he said. The same was echoed by the functional director of Fortis hospital, Mulund, Dr S Narayani, who said the hospital has evolved protocols where patients are informed about the national programme.Dr Sameer Kodkani, chief administrator of BSES MG hospital, Andheri, said the BMC was to sensitise it chest physicians and medical officers about tuberculosis management. \"But for want of time it is yet to happen. So we cannot take the project forward,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17644659", "title": "PWD yet to hear from bosses on shifting statue", "text": "BANGALORE: The first tunnel boring machine is just 28.5 metres away from burrowing out of the ground at Vidhana Soudha Namma Metro station construction site. However, there is no word yet on shifting the Dr BR Ambedkar's statue from in front of the Soudha, which is necessary to facilitate speedy continuation of Metro work at the site.Last week, the Karnataka high court disposed of a PIL ordering that the statue be shifted from the site within 15 days. Enquiries revealed that the Public Works Department (PWD) authorities in charge of Vidhana Soudha and its premises are yet to receive orders from their higher-ups on the issue.Statues of Jawaharlal Nehru and Subash Chandra Bose have already been shifted to facilitate speedy work on the underground section of Eastern line of Namma Metro.The government in 2009 had issued an order directing the PWD to shift all three statues. However, only two were shifted, following objections from dalit outfits.However, the court observed there could be threats to the safety of the statue if it remains at the construction site. It asked the government to ensure the statue's safety while shifting it.A few organizations reiterated their opposition to move the statue.BMRC managing director N Sivasailam, meanwhile, tweeted on Sunday morning, \"He first tunnel boring machine Helen is 19 rings, i.e, 28.5 m away from breakthrough into Vidhana Soudha construction site.\"Helen is expected to be installed in another 5-6 days. The other tunnel boring machine, Margarita, however, is way behind Helen.In the face of the state government's dithering, BMRC had come up with an alternative plan to skirt around the statue. The plan, however, would have narrowed the access to the station from Vidhana Soudha side.At present, the Ambedkar statue has been cordoned off by a 25-metre perimeter around it at the construction site. A platoon of Karnataka State Reserved Police guards the statue 24/7.aparajita.ray@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644882", "title": "All credit to merit", "text": "Students joining Delhi University in the next academic session do not need to worry much about the admission process under the four-year degree scheme. Admission to various undergraduate programmes will be made on the basis of one's class XII 'merit,' much on similar lines that has been followed to date. The proposition to stick to 'merit only' criterion was discussed at a recent 61-member taskforce meeting (the committee which is to prepare structure and syllabi for the four-year degree programme, to be implemented from 2013). Since students study a discipline for two years at the +2 level, it was suggested that the admission process to the first year must not tilt towards any one discipline. \"As per the proposed scheme of the four-year degree programme, subjects in the first year were to be mandatory for all. However, since students study a discipline for two years in school, it is important that all of them be given a fair chance and first year admissions made on the basis of one's class XII aggregate,\" says Ajay K Arora , principal, Deshbandhu College and taskforce-member . Another proposal for the structure of the new degree programme discussed was credit transfer for sports and extra-curricular activities. \"Students participating in various sports, college programmes, NSS, NCC , etc, will be given academic benefit for it,\" says Arora. At present, students are not marked in academics for pursuing their interest including college activities. Under the new scheme, the internal assessment system, which accounts for 25 marks of the total evaluation of academic performance, will also be reviewed. The assessment, which is divided into three components - assignments, class tutorials and attendance, will be replaced by attributing a period a week in each paper to class presentations.\"Students, divided into small groups, will be required to give classroom presentations on respective subjects. This will be a better system, as it is likely to enhance their communication skills, which is an important soft skill today. Also, it will be more transparent and encourage interaction across students and teachers,\" informs Arora.To prepare the content of the programme, more college teachers will be involved in the course committees, which used to have only four faculty members so long. This has been suggested in order to formulate a student-friendly syllabus because teachers are aware of the problem areas in each discipline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643323", "title": "Over 3,800 reserved posts vacant in railways", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when Parliament is expected to clear the legislation for quotas in job promotions, around 3,806 posts reserved for SC/ST/OBCs are lying vacant in railways even as a special promotion drive was launched in November 2008 for these communities.According to railways, the posts reserved in Group A and B have been filled up and the backlog remains only in Group C and D category.The data suggests that most vacancies are in the ST category. In Group C, the breakup says there are 1,158 vacancies for STs, 527 for SCs and 287 for OBCs. In Group D, there are 1,278 vacant posts for STs, 321 for SCs and 235 for OBCs.\"The recruitment process to fill up the vacancies are in different stages of progress,\" a senior railway official said, adding that a special recruitment drive was launched in 2008 to clear the backlog of reserved vacancies.While railways has failed to clear the backlog, the state-run transporter has refused to relax the age criteria of 52 years for the key post of divisional railway manager (DRM) for SC/ST employees, saying \"the post involves a gruelling routine, making heavy demands on the officer's mental and physical resources\".The railways has refused to review its policy relating to the posting of DRM which, according to many parliamentarians belonging to SC/ST groups, is irrational. \"The irrational restriction in age bars employees belonging to SC/ST to reach the level of DRM,\" an MP said.The forum of SC/ST parliamentarians and National Commission for Scheduled Castes had requested railways to review its policy which was rejected.\"The matter was examined by the ministry and no change in age limit was contemplated as the work of DRM involves a gruelling routine, making heavy demands on the officer's mental and physical resources,\" the railways told Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17645189", "title": "Egyptians narrowly back statute", "text": "CAIRO: Egyptians voted narrowly in favour of a constitution, shaped by Islamists but opposed by other groups who fear it will deepen divisions, officials in rival camps said on Sunday after the first round of a two-stage referendum was wrapped up.Next week's second round is likely to give another \"yes\" vote as it includes districts seen as more sympathetic towards Islamists, analysts say, meaning the constitution would be approved.But a close win, if confirmed, would give Islamist President Mohamed Morsi only limited cause for celebration as it would show a wide rift in a country where he needs to build consensus on tough measures to fix a fragile economy.The Muslim Brotherhood , which propelled Morsi to office in a June election, said 56.5% of the voters backed the text of the draft constitution. Official results are not expected till after the next round.Morsi and his backers say the constitution is vital to Egypt's democratic transition. Opponents say the basic law is too Islamist and tramples on minority rights, including those of Christians who make up 10% of the population of the Arab world's largest country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645422", "title": "Can you bet on consumption?", "text": "The biggest play in the Indian stock market over the past couple of years has been on the rising domestic consumerism. Even a lethargic domestic economy has not had much of an impact on this segment . Not surprisingly, investors have flocked to consumer-driven stocks amid growth pangs in other sectors. Subsequently, the valuations in the sector have touched record highs. Most stocks have managed to beat the broader indices substantially over the past few years, but can this outperformance be sustained? Will the consumption story continue to buck the slowdown?Beating the slowdownGlobally, consumer sentiment has turned visibly sour as economies worldwide have been caught in the slowdown. This downbeat mood has trickled down to emerging economies like India, though the impact is not too strong. Indians, along with Indonesians , continue to be the most upbeat globally, according to the Nielsen Global Consumer Confidence Index for the third quarter of 2012, though it has gone down compared with last year. Only recently has the sector started showing some signs of weakness as reflected in the cut in discretionary spending among consumers. The monthly sales figures for cars and two-wheelers have dropped sharply apart from that during the festive season. Is high inflation and low wage growth finally catching up with the Indian consumer? IV Subramaniam, director, Quantum AMC, believes that the growth story for the consumer sector is intact. \"Though near-term issues may impede growth to an extent, the long-term prospects remain strong. Consumers can only postpone discretionary spending for so long,\" he says. Despite the overhang of economic circumstances, the consumer sector will derive strength from the following trends:Rural consumption strength:The revenues of consumer sector companies are being driven not by urban, but rural, consumption. In fact, the rate of growth of consumption in rural India has outpaced the urban increase in the two-year period since 2009-10 , according to a report by the credit rating agency, Crisil. This rural consumption growth has largely been fuelled by non-farm job opportunities (reducing dependence on monsoon) and the government's popular rural employment generation schemes.Pricing power:The consumer staple companies have managed to effect price hikes across products to beat the rise in input costs. This pricing power, visible across categories like soaps and detergents, has enabled these companies to exhibit margin resilience . Many of these, such as HUL and Marico, generate a chunk of their revenues from brands with strong pricing power due to high market penetration and strong direct distribution platforms that are increasingly reaching rural consumers.Premiumisation and shift to branded products :The Indian consumer sector has witnessed a shift towards premiumisation across product categories . Whether it is soaps, biscuits, skin care or oral care, companies are placing higher emphasis on introducing premium offerings. Most of these premium categories are delivering faster growth than ordinary segments (see Segment-wise growth). The shift to branded products is also a noticeable trend in the consumer sector, especially in categories like jewellery, apparel, food and personal care.Valuations remain a concernApart from the sustained consumption demand, the sector also boasts companies with solid fundamentals . Most firms in this segment enjoy high cash flows, very low debt on their balance sheets, a history of high dividend payout and unquestionable corporate governance. All these factors have combined to reward consumer sector companies with high valuations over time. Subramaniam says, \"The consumer-oriented businesses are still attractive but the valuations are now stretched beyond comfort zone, especially in case of consumer staples.\" In fact, the relative valuations of Indian consumer staple companies are at a significant premium to their counterparts in Asia. Credit Suisse, in its report 'Premium Rush' states that these firms enjoy premium relative valuations of over 60% to their non-Japan Asia peers on a 12-month forward price-to-earnings basis. So, how much upside can investors expect? Is there scope for PE expansion? Ajay Parmar, head, research (institutional equities ), Emkay Global, acknowledges that these stocks are doing well due to a dearth of other investment ideas. \"Till we see a broadbased market rally, investors will continue to stick to defensive bets,\" he says. However, he believes that valuations are too rich to provide any comfort on the upside. There are some who feel otherwise. According to Credit Suisse, forward expectations indicate that premium valuations of Indian consumer staples can persist for some more time due to continued margin expansion, earnings growth and return on equities.Where should you invest?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645113", "title": "Two commercial centres to come up in sectors 34, 43", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If everything goes according to plan, the city will have two more commercial centres of the likes of Sector 17 in sectors 34 and 43. Though not as big as the sector 17 city centre, the proposed sub-city centres will offer optimum facilities for residents.The centres will help save time and effort for people living in areas far away from Sector 17 by giving them similar alternatives at shorter distance. Plot allotment for the two sub-city centres will start next year. The proposed sub-city centre in Sector 34 will have 735 shops while the one in Sector 43 will have more space reserved for institutional areas than commercial plots. The UT urban planning department finalised the details as part of the overall plan for commercial areas.Sector 34 has several vacant plots and the new commercial establishments will be spread over 22,0642 square meters. Government offices on the ground floor in the shop cum offices (SCOs) in the northern part of the sector will be \"weeded out.\" Other buildings which hinder the functioning of the city centre will also be relocated.\"To invigorate the sector with incidental shopping, vending zones, food courts and amphitheatres will be earmarked,\" reads the plan. The exact location of the sub-city centres has been identified in the concept plan. The twin projects will provide commercial facilities to Phase-II and III sectors and compensate for their distance from the main city centre. The sub city centre in Sector 43 will be located behind the Inter State Bus Terminus ( ISBT).The sub city centre in Sector 43 will cater to the newly developed sectors 47 to 61 with high population density. The foundation stone of the sub city centre in Sector 34 dates back to 1978. However, the brass plate describing the structure has gone missing. Then chief commissioner of Chandigarh T N Chaturvedi laid the foundation of the new city centre on May 12, 1978.The Sector 34 structure has a figure of a \"bird of peace\", representing the constant need to work towards world peace. It also has the impression of a wheat ear, taken from etchings on the walls of the secretariat ramp, where it was made by some daily wagers. It was traced by Le Corbusier who designed the image of \"Sun and Space\".As per building by-laws, a uniform four-storey height has been fixed for all commercial buildings. A basic reinforced concrete frame of the most economical bay size and capable of interior modification was specified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645060", "title": "Price burden heavier in rural Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sakhi saiyan to khoob hi kamaat hai, mehengai dayan khai jaat hai, (Dear friend, my husband earns enough but the witch of inflation devours all his income). This caustic refrain exemplifies the mood of consumers hit by price rise.The cost of most items - from cutting chai to vegetables - have doubled over the past two years. If one takes a cursory glance at the prices of branded fast-moving consumer goods at a neighborhood provision store, one will see further proof of the inflationary trend. The latest consumer price index brought out by the Union ministry of statistics and planning has shown that Gujarat ranks among the top five in the country when it comes to CPI in rural areas - at 130.3 for food and beverages. Curiously, prices of food and beverages are lower in urban areas, with a CPI figure of 127.4.What is interesting is that along with Gujarat, the least industrialized states like Meghalaya, Arunanachal, and Jharkhand show a similar trend of higher CPI in rural areas. Among the first five, only two developed states like Tamil Nadu and West Bengal figure along with Gujarat.Y K Alagh, who is a former member of the Planning Commission, says: \"There may be a gamut of reasons for this lopsided CPI in Gujarat. Higher CPI in rural areas may be the result of a poor supply chain mechanism which cannot meet the growing demand for consumer goods -especially in tribal belts.\" But he stressed this could not be the only reason. \"Higher state-levied taxes like VAT and other taxes on goods and services may also be a reason.\"The CPI has been calculated after taking 2010 prices of essentials as a factor and any surge in prices is added as a percentage. The CPI data tracks retail prices in five major groups - fuel and light, housing, clothing and miscellaneous - across rural and urban parts of the country, providing a comprehensive reference point for the Reserve Bank of India to take effective monetary policy measures to deal with inflation.For instance the CPI for fuel and light in rural areas is 126.2 while in urban areas it is 116.7. In the case of clothing and bedding, rural areas pay marginally less than their urban counterparts with a CPI index of 128.4 while in urban areas it is 131.4.The consumer prices rose at the fastest pace in three months in November as costs of sugar and vegetables increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649239", "title": "Slash's work has influenced a whole generation of guitar players: Thermal and a Quarter", "text": "Bruce Lee Mani and Rajeev Rajagopal from Thermal and a Quarter talk about what it was like to open for Guns N' Roses during the American band's first gig in IndiaHow did you land the GNR gig?Bruce: We got a call from Bobby Duggal from Mooz, who used to play for Rock Machine in the 80s and 90s. It was the first rock show we ever went to. He asked, 'Are you guys free to open for GNR?' These are the calls that we have gotten - for Deep Purple and Jethro Tull . We haven't gone out and tried to pitch; it's all been on merit, so it feels so great.Rajeev: Bruce called me in the middle of the night, and he never calls me in the middle of the night! I was worried, but when I was told the news, it was unbelievable!How did it feel to open for GNR's first ever concert in India?Bruce: It felt incredible. We haven't done this opening act thing in a while. So it's great to open for a big act like this, who came down and started their tour with Bangalore.Rajeev: The Appetite for Destruction album came out when we were in school. I was staying in an apartment (complex), and at one point, everyone there had an Appetite for Destruction tee. And now, people are messaging me on Facebook saying, 'Man, do you remember those days?'Bruce: The time in college, those songs were just meant to be at that time. Those songs spoke to you, they were just what you wanted to hear.Has GNR influenced your music in any way?Bruce: As a guitar player, Slash's work has influenced a whole generation of guitar players. There's no way you can avoid his influence. He was a hard core blues guitar player playing in a band. He influenced every guitar player growing up in the 90s. There's no way you can avoid that.What do you have to say about the profile of international musicians that have been playing in Bangalore of late?Rajeev: It's fantastic. These days, I see so many hoardings of various kinds of bands, from metal to hard core rock. And in the last 6-7 years, we've seen everyone from Rolling Stones and Mark Knopfler . When we started off, we'd do concerts and people would scream for Metallica and Iron Maiden tracks. They don't have to scream for them anymore.Bruce: The city's audiences have really matured now, even in terms of watching a professional act perform and how well they play. So yeah, Bangalore is right on top of things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17649367", "title": "Lax monitoring hampers safety at blood banks: CAG", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Blood banks in Odisha compromised on safety of blood donors and recipients, the CAG has pointed out. The apex audit body said that ineffective monitoring by drug inspectors resulted in several deficiencies, which may endanger the safety of both the donors and recipients.The CAG pointed out that four blood banks did not conduct tests for HIV, Hepatitis B , Hepatitis C , malaria and syphilis after the collection of blood between January 2009 and March 2012 though these are mandatory. A massive 24,673 units of blood were transfused without any such screening, posing risk to the lives of recipients.The CAG further said that 68 of around 80 blood banks in the state are functioning without licence for years together and that the drug controller and central licensing approving authority did not conduct joint inspection even once in five years. The CAG also said the banks collected blood from ineligible donors and did not record information about their age, weight and haemoglobin.The CAG said during random checks that it came across blood donors who were underweight. The weight of a donor should not be less than 45kg. Besides, though a donor should be in the age group of 18 to 65 years, three out of 13 checked were more than 65 years of age. Seven blood banks, which were checked, did not maintain records of 257 donors.Although specific rules were framed for ensuring safety of blood donors, a majority of blood banks flouted the rules, the CAG said. It further said quality assurance managers were not posted in major blood banks. Similarly, separate cadre of blood transfusion service was not created, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649149", "title": "Salman's loyalty to Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru", "text": "Like his good friend Aamir Khan, Salman Khan has begun taking personal interest in his pet projects and Dabangg 2 was no exception.Not wanting to resort to any cliched form of dancing style, Khan especially called upon full-fledged directors Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru once again. The duo had earlier worked on his songs Tere Mast Mast Do Nein and Chori Kiya RE Jiya from Dabangg.\"\"Though busy with thier film I Love New Year, Radhika and Vinay squeezed out time to work on two songs, Dagabaz Re and Sanson Ne, of Dabangg 2. This is a new trend started by Salman Khan,\" said a source.Confirming the news Radhika said, \"We worked with Salman in Lucky: No Time For Love and were glad to work on the songs of Dabangg 2. He did not want any regular stuff and thus penciled us in.\"On getting a call from Salman after five years after Lucky... Vinay said, \"\"Salman has gone through a lot of change in these five years. He is a huge star with a image to live upto and one has to really think and come up with something creative for him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17648818", "title": "Hope brews for Assam tea in rally finale", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as the ASEAN-India Car Rally envisages fostering business ties, the Assam tea industry is looking forward to exploring new markets in Southeast Asian countries.The arrival of ASEAN business delegations for the flag-down ceremony of the rally at Sarusojai Stadium here on Monday has provided the captains of the tea industry an opportunity to showcase Assam tea and explore the prospect of exporting tea to ASEAN countries. The Joint Forum of Assam Tea Planters' Association (ATPA), the North Eastern Tea Association (NETA) and the Bharatiya Cha Parishad (BCP) will set up an exclusive stall showcasing tea at Sarusojai Stadium, where the ASEAN-India Trade Conclave will also be held.\"We will showcase tea varieties ranging from Assam orthodox , CTC to green tea. We will also discuss the prospects of exporting Assam tea with business representatives from ASEAN. So far, we have been focused on European markets for exporting Assam tea. But ASEAN has given us the opportunity to market our tea because all Southeast Asian countries are tea-drinking nations,\" NETA chairman Bidyananda Barkakoty said.According to the joint forum, although the ASEAN countries produce tea as well, there has been a decline in production in these nations over the last few years.The production trend is on a decline while consumption is increasing in the ASEAN countries, which is clearly reflected in the downward trend of export from these nations, Barkakoty explained. \"So there is immense opportunity for us to increase our export share to these countries. Indian tea export to ASEAN has increased from 0.67 per cent to 1.62 per cent in terms of volume and from 0.92 per cent to 1.12 per cent in value,\" he added.The ASEAN-India Trade Conclave is being organised by the state industries and commerce department in association with CII with a special focus on the northeast. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644572", "title": "Taxis to have fare meters by March 2013", "text": "PANAJI: Frustrated at having had to pay exorbitant fares to taxis and auto rickshaws even for a short distance? Well a transport related government proposal may be something to cheer about. In a move that will bring respite to travellers as well as tourists, the tourist taxis in the state will need to have fare meters in place by March 2013.Transport department director Arun Desai told TOI that a decision in this regard would be taken in a month's time and by March 31, 2013 all taxis will have to have fare meters in place.The move is long overdue and is essential with Goa being a tourist destination and tourists usually bearing the brunt of the exorbitant taxi fares. There have been instances reported where taxis have exploited the desperation of tourists to reach a particular destination and charged a whopping 1,000 for a distance of less than 2 kms.While taxis do not follow the fare meter system, there are a couple of prepaid taxi counters in the state including one at the Dabolim airport in Vasco.Desai said the South Goa taxi drivers union had agreed to implement the meter system, but in return had demanded that the practice of private cars operating as taxis and eating into their business be stopped. Desai said steps for ending this practice would be taken collectively by the tourism department, transport department and the hotels association.Desai said the department was keen on getting the meter system implemented throughout the state and would ensure that once a decision in this regard is taken, it would be uniformly implemented. He also said the department was looking at reviving the meter system for auto rickshaws too, and will do so in due course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644405", "title": "Woman slips out of dinner, steals Rs 4L gold from kin's flat", "text": "MUMBAI: A 34-year-old woman, who took her sister-in-law out for dinner and then slipped out to steal gold ornaments worth Rs 3.60 lakh from the latter's house, was arrested by the Tardeo police on Saturday.Maimoona alias Babu Rashid Khan, arrested by the police on suspicion, admitted to the crime. According to the police, on December 12, Maimoona took her sister-in-law Naznin Rustom Kola and her children for dinner at a restaurant in Tardeo.Naznin stays on the second floor of Rajiv Gandhi co operative housing society in Tardeo along with her two children and husband.\"It was around 9.15 pm while they were having dinner that Maimoona received a call. She then told Naznin that she urgently needed to return as her landlord had called her for some work. While Naznin and her kids stayed back at the restaurant, Maimoona left,'' said a police officer. When Naznin returned home, she found the door ajar and gold and silver jewellery and cash totalling Rs 3.60 lakh missing. She lodged a complaint and the police suspected the involvement of an insider. Two residents of the building told the police that they had seen Naznin's sister-in-law in the housing society that late evening. \"Based on the statements of the two witnesses and Maimoona's call details record (CDR), it came to light that Maimoona had come to Naznin's building. Secondly, Maimoona had lied that she went to meet her landlord,'' the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649147", "title": "I am not known for intense roles: Manoj Bajpayee", "text": "Manoj Bajpayee, who has enthralled all his fans by his acting prowess claims that he is known for being an actor and not just for intense roles.On being asked about his choice for intense roles, Manoj said, \"I am an actor and people know me for my different roles. In 2012, I have been part of three films with different characters. So, I don't think that my acting is limited to intense roles.\"While talking about the changing dimensions in Bollywood , Manoj claimed that nothing much has changed about the industry. \"I don't think there is any change in Bollywood. Big films have big budgets and small films have less budget, but they manage to make money. So, nothing has changed,\" concluded Manoj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644555", "title": "Vague wording of laws allows men in khaki to bully citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: The brunt of a host of vaguely-worded criminal provisions of the law and police's belief in their unmitigated powers are usually borne by citizens, say legal experts. Fear of retributive action prevents many citizens from questioning police illegalities, they argue.\"The intention (of police) is to cause harassment; it is as simple as that,\" says advocate and civil liberties activist Yug Chaudhry. He points out a number of provisions in the Bombay Police Act that are routinely misused by law-enforcers. These range from causing obstruction in the street and committing offensive acts in a public place to behaving indecently and using indecent language in public. \"The wordings are vague, which leaves them open for misuse,\" Chaudhry adds.A few years ago, Chaudhry was amicus curiae in a suo motu petition before the Bombay high court, when it was found that hundreds of persons were languishing in jails on account of bailable offences.Law mandates that, in bailable offences, police release the accused immediately if he or she pays the bail amount. Instead, police admitted that some had been in prison for around 300 days. The court then ordered a fine of Rs 5,000 per day per person for illegal custody. \"Police did not have the authority to arrest persons and place them in custody. Even today, as citizens are unaware of their rights, police routinely violate rules,\" says Chaudhry.\"The apex court has laid down norms on how a person can be arrested and when. Citizens should be made aware of their rights. Nothing prevents them from asking cops the reason for being summoned to police station or for their detention,\" says advocate Arfan Sait, who practices in Bombay high Court. \"All complaints and procedures have to be recorded in the station diary.\"Viren Shah, president of the Federation of Retail Traders, says people in Mumbai are afraid. \"You cannot make chocolates at home, you cannot go out for a party since there may be trouble, and now you cannot have a dinner party at home,\" says Shah.\"People are made to sit in police station in order to scare them and harass them. Out of fear, many pay up. This has now become a regular practice since it is easy money,\" Shah argues. \"There are cases where police even intervene in business disputes at the bidding of one party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645175", "title": "Beaches brim with people on a breezy day", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: When the weather turns just perfect, people of Vizag are invariably drawn out of their houses to head for the beaches. So when the mercury cooled down on Sunday evening, the RK Beach was not surprisingly chock-a-block with the young and the old, some looking to simply soak in the cool breeze and others eager for a quick dip in the waters.Vizagites consider this part of the year as the best time to flock to RK Beach. For Balaji and his friends, munching on hot samosas at a shop near the War Memorial, the Beach Road is a favourite hangout, especially on the days off from college. \"With college and assignments taking up most of the time, we meet up here on weekends,\" he said.Parking space on either side of the Beach Road was taken up completely by the huge number of two and four-wheelers. Vendors selling sweetcorn, ice-creams and chat did roaring business. They were the most sought after as crowds gathered around the push-carts to savour the muri and bajji mixtures. For children, the biggest draw was the Children's Park.Surya Babu, a resident of Chinna Waltair, had come along with his family to relax and take in the sea breeze. He said that his family visited the beach quite often. \"We generally avoid Sundays due to the large crowd, but because of my kids I had to come today.\"Another visitor, V Yashwin said he loves to visit the beach on full moon days. \"The sound of the waves lashing and watching the beauty of Dolphin's Nose on the day is breathtaking.\" His favourite spot is near the Children's Park, as the view is best from that location. Sunday though was a low tide day. \"But today the weather is beautiful. It's not too hot and perfect to spend time here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17643157", "title": "Royal hoax call: Nurse blamed radio hosts in suicide note", "text": "LONDON: Indian-origin nurse Jacintha Saldanha, who was found dead days after a hoax call to a UK hospital treating Prince William's pregnant wife Kate, left a note blaming the two Australian radio jockeys behind the prank for her tragic death.In one of the three apparent suicide notes left by 46-year-old Jacintha Saldanha, the nurse expressed her deep anger at Mel Greig and Michael Christian and blamed them for her death, Daily Mail reported on Sunday, quoting sources close to her family. Greig and Christian had posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles to enquire about Kate's treatment for morning sickness.Jacintha, mother of two, was found hanging with a scarf at her staff accommodation at the King Edward VII Hospital in London on December 7.Within an hour of the hoax call on December 4, one of the RJs telephoned the hospital back and spoke to Jacintha again, telling her they had played a prank which they were about to broadcast, the report said. The revelation is believed to have left Jacintha, who had no experience of dealing with the media, feeling confused and agitated, it said.The RJs, who are believed to be at safe addresses following death threats, have apologized for the tragic repercussions of their prank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647768", "title": "B'wood is a very competitive industry: Jacqueline", "text": "Many would believe that \"Betrayal Is Survival\", the tag line of Jacqueline Fernandez's \" Race 2 \", truly reflects the cut-throat competition and survival mantra in the Hindi film industry, but the Sri Lankan-born actress says hard work and honesty can do wonders.\"It is a very competitive industry. They say that if you want to survive here, you have to be cut-throat. But I don't see a need for that. Sometimes I feel that hard work works. If you want to sleep well at night it is better if you just be an honest person,\" Jacqueline told IANS in an interview.Personally, she feels it is better to forgive and forget than hold a grudge against anyone.\"I think betrayal is a part and parcel of life and I think we all have experienced it. But I am someone who doesn't believe in holding grudges. I am someone who forgives and forgets. I think it is important,\" she said.Born to a Sri Lankan father and Malaysian mother, Jacqueline was raised in Bahrain, and at the age of 14 was hosting a fitness show. She moved to Australia for her college studies, and then returned to Sri Lanka, where she took up a reporting job.The year 2006 turned to be a game-changer for her as she entered the Miss Sri Lanka beauty pageant, and won the crown. That set the stage for the Miss Universe contest at Los Angeles for her. She didn't make it to the finals, but her visibility drew in advise that she must try her luck in Bollywood .It worked. She made her debut in the Hindi film industry with 2009 film \"Aladin\" opposite Riteish Deshmukh. Though it didn't click at the box-office, the film landed her roles in \"Housefull 2\", \"Murder 2\" and now \"Race 2\".Creating a place for herself was not easy, says Jacqueline. \"It is a little bit difficult when you have come from outside. I feel that the industry embraces people who are from the industry faster and with wider arms. But once you have proved yourself, it is easier for them to accept you,\" she said.\"I remember when 'Aladin' didn't do well, I felt a little bit shunned, because it is so difficult to get a second chance specially if you are not from the group. You put in twice the effort and start again,\" she added.Even though the 27-year-old actress has managed to create an identity, she is still wary of making friends in the industry.\"I think at the end of the day, these are all people you have to work with. Sometimes it is difficult because you don't want to cross that line between professionalism and friendship. Getting along with co-stars is important, but when it comes to having real friends I don't go looking for them in the film industry,\" she said.With two successful films \"Murder 2\" and \"Housefull 2\" in her kitty, Jacqueline views the achievement as an add on responsibility.\"It (success) just gives you more responsibility. I guess it makes you work harder. It doesn't change you as a person; it changes the surrounding and scenario and gives a lot more responsibility,\" she said.Directed by Abbas-Mustan, \"Race 2\" also stars Anil Kapoor , Saif Ali Khan , John Abraham , Deepika Padukone and Ameesha Patel. It releases Jan 25, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17644913", "title": "Siruvani, Pillur supply lines to be interlinked", "text": "COIMBATORE: M Jeevarathinam and her 72-year-old husband Mathalai Muthu's modest house on Adi Street near VOC park here in the city, is the perfect reminder to the impending water crisis that residents are doomed to face this coming summer.Cluttered with vessels and plastic buckets filled with tanker supplied drinking water, Jeeva and Muthu are desperately trying to meet their water requirements. The situation is expected to become worse as the water from Siruvani will be adequate only till February 15.\"After we staged a protest, the corporation promised to send a tanker lorry to the area. The tanker visits once in four days, but this is hardly enough to meet the water needs of more than 100 families in the locality,\" said Jeevarathinam, a resident of Adi Street, part of ward 72 of the corporation.The decreasing water level in the Siruvani will severely affect 32 of the total 100 wards within corporation limits and they are desperately searching for a contingency plan to avert the water crisis during the summer months. The Siruvani level on Sunday stood at 868.8m and the city received 60 mld of water from Siruvani.A high level meeting of senior officials including corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy, and officials of the Tamil Nadu Water and Drainage Board (TWAD) was convened in the presence of mayor SM Velusamy and few councillors last week. A proposal has been mooted to interlink Siruvani and Pillur water supply lines to ensure that Pillur water could be diverted to the wards serviced by the Siruvani during extreme water crisis in the coming months. The additional water expected to be supplied after the PIllur II scheme becomes operational will be diverted to Siruvani areas throughout this network.\"We already have a proposal to interlink the main water reservoirs of Siruvani and Pillur but that will take some time. So at the moment we have proposed the interlinking of Pillur and Siruvani supply lines to divert Pillur water to Siruvani water tanks,\" said SM Velusamy, Mayor, Coimbatore City Municipal Corporation.The corporation engineers are now taking measurements for the pipelines to be interlinked at four identified locations. A 'T Junction' line will be inserted into the Pillur supply line and connected to Siruvani water storage tanks in four different areas and sluice valves (gate valves) will be installed to control and divert the flow of water from Pillur line to these reservoirs if the Siruvani water level dips below the desired level.As of now, the interlinking work will be taken up at four different locations out of which two will be immediately taken up at Oppanakara Street and on Jail Road and are expected to be completed by mid January. A 20 metre pipeline will be interlinked to the Pillur supply line from the 27 lakh litre overhead water tank behind the Corporation Main Office to divert Pillur water. Similarly, a 300 metre line will be laid from VOC Park water tank to the Pillur pipeline on Jail Road. Two more locations have been identified near Sanganoor Canal on Mettupalayam Road and also in Nanjudapuram near the incomplete railway over bridge in the city. Out of the total 32 wards supplied with Siruvani water, nine wards are already covered with similar interlinking process at Tatabad and Kanappa Nagar in the city.\"Fifteen more wards dependant on Siruvani can be supplied with Pillur water once the process is completed,\" said a corporation official.b", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648504", "title": "Kumki climax is the same", "text": "Rumour mills are abuzz that the climax of the latest Prabhu Solomon offering has been changed by the director of the film. Kumki has Vikram Prabhu and Lakshmi Menon in the lead. The film has been receiving critical acclaim from all quarters. The music, visuals and performances of the cast have also come in for a lot of praise.Recently, there was a rumour that three climaxes were shot for the film and that one of them was used in the film. There was also a rumour that the climax of the film was changed after the movie hit screens. But a source close to the film reportedly rubbished the news as just another rumour and that no change has been made to the climax of the film.Trade sources have declared the film a hit and that it has taken a good opening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17648309", "title": "SC urged to take note of scientific efforts to detoxify endosulfan", "text": "MANGALORE: The Human Rights Protection Foundation, Udupi, has urged the Supreme Court to take note of the efforts of three groups of scientists who have developed a technology for detoxifying endosulfan. While endosulfan sulphate has similar toxicological profile as that of endosulfan, endodiol is a nontox ic molecule to fish and other organisms, Ravindranath Shanbhag, president of the foundation said, urging SC to direct the Centre to take necessary actions in this regard. Sung-Eun Lee and his associates from Kyungpook National University, South Korea, have shown that endosulfan can be biodegraded into endodiol by two species of algae called anabaena PCC7120 and anabaena flosaquae.Both these species could contribute in detoxification pathways of endosulfan in the soil also, and this holds the key of ridding areas in DK and Udupi, where the pesticide was sprayed in early 1990s.Scientists at the University of California have isolated micro-organisms capable of degrading endosulfan too. Out of 10 micro-organisms screened for their degradable capability of endosulfan, fusarium ventricosum and pandoraea species were found to degrade about 90% and 83% of endosulfan respectively in 15 days using the pesticide as a carbon and energy source. These strains are a valuable source of endosulfan-degrading enzymes.Dr Shanbhag said these strains can be used for detoxification of endosulfan in contaminated soils, waste dumps and water bodies. JB Lee and Sohn from School of Bio-resource Sciences, Andong National University, South Korea, have also isolated endosulfan degrading bacterium called KS-2P from endosulfan-polluted agricultural soil.The KS-2P was identified as pseudomonas sp on the basis of results of 16S rDNA sequencing analysis and MIDI test.Dr Shanbhag, who has impleaded himself in a case filed by Democratic Youth Federation of India against use of endosulfan, told TOI that there was a move to allow use of pesticide for another two years based on recommendations of an expert committee set up by the Centre. \"It is our intent to bring the above information to the notice of the SC when it next hears the case sometime early next year and it has already been given to my advocate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17643996", "title": "Kids dressed as trees set record", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of 308 young energy savers (YES), children from different city schools dressed as trees, entered Guinness Book of World Records as the \"largest gathering of people dressed as trees\" at Andheri Sports Complex on Sunday.YES is the initiative of Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra). Earlier, around 2,000 YESs participated in a 4.5-km runathon as part of their energy conservation campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644342", "title": "When Christmas comes, can shopping be far behind?", "text": "PUNE: Until a few years ago, Diwali was the quintessential shopping and gifting season. It was the season when you bought clothes and accessories and boxes full of dry fruits and sweets to gift friends and family. Now, retailers will have you know that Christmas is roping in its fair share of shoppers.Many attribute this change in attitude to 'Westernisation'. Roopali M Jadhav, a homemaker who admits to having grown up in the 'Archie generation', says that the idea of Christmas has been so romanticised thanks to the Western media that being drawn to it was only natural. \"Christmas has all the trappings of the perfect holiday season. Warmth, cheer, crackling fire, hearty meals, gifts, chocolates, Santa - you name it and Christmas has it.\"Little wonder then it was only a matter of time before the 'Christmas shopping bug' got people. From clothes to accessories to chocolates to wines and cakes - people were soon buying more and more of it.Retailers are, of course, a happy lot. Says Avinash Pratap, marketing head of a mall on University Road, \"There has been a prominent shift in the attitude of people towards Christmas. We witness a marked increase in footfalls during this season. This is not the sale season, but we do offer freebies and goodies to customers when they shop with us.\"Pratap agrees that the West has a lot to do with Christmas shopping. He also attributes the Christmas shopping mania to the rising number of malls in the city. Says he, \"Nowadays, we have noticed an interesting trend. Whenever people have holidays and if they don't go out of city, they like to indulge in a bit of shopping. And Christmas gives them an added excuse. New Year also has its customers.\"Mahesh Gole, manager at a retail store in one of the biggest malls in the city, says, \"Christmas shopping has increased in the city over the last two years or so. Not only the elite, now you also have the middle-class buyer indulging in it. The festive season is clearly divided into two major shopping seasons - Diwali and Christmas. But the kind of buys differ. During Diwali, one may buy traditional wear and jewellery, but Christmas shopping is more about chocolates, home decorations, table wear, etc. International labels also sell a lot during Christmas.\"\"You just need to visit different malls during Christmas to know how retailers perceive this season. There are Christmas decorations all over, in fact the shops never look more attractive and the merchandise more tempting,\" says Gole.The fact that even the middle-class is moving towards Christmas shopping is perhaps the reason why small retailers are also stocking Christmas merchandise.From people who stock make-believe Christmas trees to Christmas decorations, to those who have stockings and Santa caps for the kids - everyone wants a share of the Christmas shopping pie.Also you have first generation Christmas revellers who want to enjoy the season to its full.Keshav Girme, an IT executive, says, \"I was introduced to Christmas at school. It is every child's fantasy. At my home, there's nothing closely resembling the festival. Even Diwali and Holi with their lights and colours fade in front of Christmas Father.\" Girme celebrates Christmas every year with his family and close friends. \"We go the whole way. Buy gifts for everyone and have an awesome feast. The children are never happier.\"The festival is not limited to shopping alone. Food plays a big role, as any true-blue Christmas fanatic will tell you.Ashutosh Wadale, F&B; manager at a restaurant in Camp, says, \"Christmas is the time when many restaurants come out with special menus. This often goes on till January 15. There are also special offers and food and wine festivals. In fact, restaurants were the first ones to tap the immense potential that this season offers. Our cover occupancy goes up by almost 40% during the season. After all, Christmas is known as the season to make merry. And with malls coming up at every corner, it is only going to get bigger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17646589", "title": "DGP calls Thakkar couple murder case challenging", "text": "INDORE: Director general of police (DGP) of Madhya Pradesh, Nandan Dubey, on Sunday termed the Thakkar couple murder case a challenge for the state police and announced to form a special team of 15 police personnel to solve it. The DGP expressed his concern over delay in cracking the case during his meeting with senior police officers and in-charge of police stations in Indore.The elderly couple were killed in their house on December 4 and even after two weeks of the incident, police are clueless and the accused still remains at large.Dubey said police are doing their best to solve the case and he assured that the accused will be behind the bar soon. Earlier, police had got the footage of CCTV camera in which the accused were seen travelling on bicycles at Vijay Nagar Crossing. Footage has confirmed the involvement of three people in the case.On December 4, two elderly couple Kirit Thakkar, 67, and his wife Varsha Thakkar, 59, were killed by unidentified accused in their house in Scheme Number 114, Part-II. After killing the elderly couple, the accused reportedly decamped with Rs 5 lakh in cash and jewellery.A similar incident had taken place in June as well and police are yet to get any lead to the assassin.The incident occurred on June 16 in which a 52-year-old woman Saroj Doshi, wife of a financier Pradeep Doshi was found murdered with her throat slit at her White Church Colony residence. Around six months have passed after the incident and the cops are still clueless on the motive behind the murder. This year two such incidents occurred in which the elderly people had been killed in their houses and in both the cases, the police have not been able to make any progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17642928", "title": "Sonipat selected for cash transfer system", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana's Sonipat district has been selected as one of the 43 districts identified by the union government as model districts under Direct Benefit Transfer (cash transfer) System. The concerned departments would directly transfer cash in the accounts of concerned beneficiaries of 34 schemes of the Central Government, a Haryana government spokesman said. The benefits of these schemes would be given only to those beneficiaries who would have their own bank accounts or Aadhar cards.He said directions in this regard have been issued to concerned departments to prepare a list of beneficiaries and submit the same to additional deputy commissioner (ADS), Sonipat.The spokesman said the ADS has been directed to set up camps at educational institutes and at village and ward level for those beneficiaries who do not have their Aadhar cards or bank accounts. For the timely implementation of this programme, senior accounts officer of Union finance ministry has given training to the concerned officers. To cover Sonepat, one officer has been appointed for every five villages. At block level, concerned sub divisional officer has been appointed as nodal officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645042", "title": "Liquor bottles found from railway official's residence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A consignment of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) was seized from the residence of Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) of Western Railway (Ahmedabad division) Rakesh Bahal in Shahibaug. The CBI, while carrying out a search and survey of his residence, chanced upon 21 bottles of foreign liquor and 20 bottles of beer. The probe agency then intimated the city police and a complaint was registered at Shahibaug police station against Bahal for violating the prohibition norms. A team of CBI officials from Bhopal had searched his residence here in connection with a disproportionate assets case.CBI found Rs 80 lakh from his bank locker and house along with some property documents and railway's official documents. The CBI officials said: \"We have sought clarification on this money and documents which we have found at Bahal's home.\"During the search, Bahal complained of physical discomfort and he had to be admitted to a private hospital for medical attention. \"We have not been able to talk to the railway officer since he is now indisposed,\" said a CBI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645833", "title": "Push pedalling for a clean city, better health, say experts", "text": "Though cycling is a healthy and environment-friendly mode of transport, people dare not ride a bicycle on Chennai's chaotic roads for fear of being run over. Cyclists say the city requires bicycle tracks and the corporation can provide dedicated bicycle lanes on wide roads in the city.There has been a huge increase in fuel prices and pollution levels, but the government has done little to promote cycling, say experts. Shreya Gadepalli, of the Institute of Transportation and Development Policy, which conducted studies for cycle lanes in Indian cities, said most cities in the country do not have dedicated cycle lanes. She said the state government should introduce bicycle lanes on all roads that are wide enough for them and promote rent-a-cycle facilities in the city. \"The rent-a-cycle system could be used to commute between transit systems like metro rail stations and bus terminals,\" Gadepalli said. \"It will also solve traffic congestion and reduce parking problems.\" According to government records, there has been a steep decline in the number of bicycle users in Chennai. Bicycles were the choice of transport for 21.3% of people in the city 1970 but, by 2005, only 12.8% used bicycles to commute.In comparison, in Copenhagen, Denmark, there has been a 50% increase in bicycle use in just five years, after the city launched a project to promote the use of bicycles. Bicycle enthusiasts say the city could become less polluted, and people more healthy, if the government encouraged the use of bicycles, by creating dedicated cycle lanes and providing parking space and special signage for bicycles.Experts say dedicated infrastructure for bicycle riders would allow for faster short-distance journeys (between 1km and 6km), and even prove more efficient than travelling by car. \"I would have no hesitation to travel to work by bicycle instead of motorbike if the city had proper bicycle lanes,\" said K Shiva Kumar, an IT professional whose office is in Tidel Park. mp.christin@ timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17647370", "title": "Big mistake to play four spinners: Maninder Singh", "text": "NAGPUR: It's always a challenge to beat India in India. Not many teams have done that and that's why Steve Waugh had termed the 2001 series as 'Final Frontier'.For England too, this India tour was the same. They desperately wanted to win this series and they might probably achieve it on Monday.While England knew what they wanted and how they are going to achieve, India looked confused how to approach, whether it was team combination or strategy. When they fielded three spinners in Mumbai, a lot of questions were raised.However, in Nagpur, they went a step ahead and included four spinners. The Indians were hoping that the Jamtha wicket would break in the later stages of the game but that didn't happen and the move seems to have cost India the series.Former left-arm spinner Maninder Singh found it baffling to have four spinners in the playing eleven. \"It wasn't a wise move. It happens when you don't go with clear mind and not sure what you want to achieve. Unlike pacers, spinners need long spells and if you have four spinners it's highly unlikely that they are going to get longer spells. It's simple: If three can't do the job; four also can't. They experienced it in Mumbai but didn't learn from the mistake,\" Maninder told TOI.Maninder feels another pacer would have made the difference. \"(Ashok) Dinda or (Parvinder) Awana would have been handy instead of fourth spinner. I feel Ajinkya Rahane was really unlucky. If you want to play Ravindra Jadeja to strengthen the batting you should have dropped Ojha. There's no point in having two left-armers in the side. We saw how Ishant and Anderson exploited the reverse swing. Dhoni was confused with the team combination. Besides, his field placing in the longer version isn't ideal. India went with bits and pieces cricketers rather than specialists, that too in the important Test like this,\" he said.Maninder also feels India misread the Jamtha wicket. \"They got it wrong. Unlike Mumbai, this wicket didn't have red soil. It had black soil content, had a whitish look and was quite dry. So you needed another pacer to exploit the reverse swing. Besides, it was our batting which wasn't clicking and you needed specialist batsman at No. 6 position. Test match is altogether a different ball game. Rahane should have played here,\" he said.Maninder also feels India desperately need a spin bowling coach to guide the young spinners. \"Somebody like Bishen Singh Bedi, Prasanna, Anil Kumble or Narendra Hirwani should guide these youngsters. You need to understand we have a new attack. It's not Kumble era and Harbhajan has also been in and out of the side. You need somebody to guide them about what to bowl in different conditions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17645044", "title": "Injured jumbo calf responds well to treatment", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: As part of the treatment for elephant calf Ranga, which recently had a fall in the elephant camp at Theppakadu in the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR), Nilgiris, a mobile X-ray unit was brought in from a private hospital in Coimbatore to take an X-ray of its limbs and shoulder. Two-and-a-half year old Ranga had a fall inside the camp on December 9, while performing one its routine activities.A Ameer Haja, deputy director of the MTR and Mukurthi National Park said that the calf had suffered a sideways fall where its front limbs were severely injured. Ranga suffered a ligament tear and dislocation of bones in its front limbs and shoulder. \"The calf was housed at the camp in Theppakadu when it was just 15 days old, in 2010. Since it did not have the privilege of its mother's feed, it lacks immunity,\" said Haja.A team of veterinarian doctors, comprising Dr. Panikkar from Kerala, forest department doctors N.S. Manoharan and Vijayaraghavan, faculty members of TN veterinary college and veterinarians from the state Animal Husbandry department, are attending to the calf round the clock. \"As per the instruction of the elephant specialist, Panikar, the doctors are treating Ranga. Also to ascertain the dislocation of its shoulder joint, a mobile X-ray machine was brought in to MTR from the PSG hospital in Coimbatore,\" said Haja.On investigating Ranga's health records, the doctors found that it had always been weak, and was often found dehydrated. It also suffered bouts of diarrhea frequently. A team headed by Haja, comprising Pushpakaran, MTR range officer and other forest officials is camping at the spot.As the calf is unable to feed on fodder, it has been fed with milk and required supplements including vitamins and other minerals along with oral medicines. The veterinarians attending to him say that Ranga is responding to treatment and recovering well. The male calf was found abandoned in Sirumugai forest area when it was just 15 days old in May 2010. Forest officials initially attempted to reunite it with its mother but in vain. Consequently, it was housed within the Mudumalai sanctuary where it has remained ever since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645989", "title": "We just want people to back off: Raj Kiran\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s daughter", "text": "Tired of questions about her 'missing' dad, Raj Kiran's daughter asks media to back offIn June 2011, Rishi Kapoor , on a trip to USA managed to locate his pre-incarnation self from Subhash Ghai's Karz , Raj Kiran. The actor told us how a phone call to the 'missing' actor's brother Govind Mehtani, brought him face to face with the shocking truth-Raj was alive, but confined to the four walls of an institution in Atlanta and paying for his own treatment. While his co-actors rejoiced, his family had at the time claimed that Raj isn't in Atlanta and thus was still 'missing'. Over a year later, eager to know the truth behind the actor's disappearance, a section of the media continue to hound Raj's wife Rupa and daughter Rishika. In fact, recently, they were shocked to see their privacy invaded and a video of their home aired on a news channel without prior knowledge or their consent.This is what happened: Grappling with the tragic uncertainty of Raj's whereabouts, Rupa and Rishika had no clue that their privacy was being violated when they opened their doors to a couple of young men posing as officials conducting a professional survey. They asked Rishika about her work. Since the topic of her missing father wasn't broached, Rishika did not suspect anything fishy. It was only the next morning when she saw herself on TV, she realised that the 'men' had carried hidden cameras into their home.\"This is so unethical. I am shocked at how they found our address and had the guts to land up on our doorsteps. My dad would not have liked us talking about him, or us being in the limelight like this. I am worried wherever he is, if he watches us, he is not going to be happy. Even when dad was active in the film industry, he made sure that we led a very protected life,\" she told TOI and we could hear the pain in her voice.Rishika is worried for her mum, who has been dealing with unwanted questions about the whereabouts of Raj on a daily basis. \"It is painful for her to re-live all those emotions that she's been trying to keep on check. Not one day goes by when mum and I don't think or talk about dad. We have appointed a detective and also got the New York Police Department involved in the search. These people who are showing so much concern, where were they when we needed help in finding him? My mum has been going through this heartache for the last 15 years, did anyone help her to ease that?\" she told us angrily.Tired with the media speculations about her father, Rishika implored, \"We just want people to back off. We don't appreciate these intrusions. We are dealing with a lot as it is, so please leave us alone.\"Shubha Shetty Saha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644125", "title": "Malik wishes for a day when people can drive across border", "text": "Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik , who flew back on Sunday, thinks the two countries have moved beyond sharing 'dossiers' on fugitives and key 26/11 accused. He said a lot of investigation has been carried out in Pakistan which could soon see the conviction of the conspirators. During his short visit of less than 48 hours, he not only ruffled many feathers with his controversial pronouncements but also extended his wish-list, which he considers important to carry forward the relationship. He wants India to do away with the 'police reporting' clause in visa system. In an interview to TOI, he expressed desire for a relationship where citizens from both sides can travel across the border (Wagah/Attari) in their cars.Q. Both countries had signed the new visa agreement over three months ago. India was ready to implement it in October. What is the reason for this delay in implementing it from Pakistan's side? How will the liberalized visa system be beneficial?A. Even we were eager to implement it quickly. I had to come (for the launch of the agreement) but I could not come earlier. Secondly, if you are going to implement a certain agreement, you have to set up a mechanism for this. I wanted to approve registered travel agents under ITTA (International Travel and Tourist Agency) guidelines as I did not want to face the charge of favouring certain operators. All these took time. The new visa regime will increase people-to-people contact which is a prerequisite to remove misunderstandings.Q. What other steps do you think are important to facilitate more people-to-people contract and travel to each other's country?A. As a next step, I have even suggested during meetings that we should do away with the system of 'police reporting' clause in visa. I don't think it is important to carry on with such a system in this electronic age where tracking each other's nationals through computerized immigration checking system has become much easier. There is a suggestion from my side that we should reach a point where citizens from both sides can even travel across the border (Wagah/Attari) in their private cars having smart (security) cards and GPRS system to certain restricted areas.Q. Your remark that both countries should forget the past and move on to bring an era of peace and friendship for future generations is appreciated but at the same time it also raises a question whether Pakistan only wants to forget 26/11 and Kargil. Why can't it move further back in the past and forget Kashmir and UN resolution on it?A. We have to forget that India and Pakistan are enemies. We are converging on Kashmir. It is a part of composite dialogue between the two countries. We are not forgetting 26/11. I never said forget the incidents. I said forget the feeling of animosity. Let's create an era of brightness. I have found great hope between people of both the countries. Incidents are happening because we were not every close.Q. There doesn't appear to be any progress on the ground despite promises made by Pakistan on anti-terror measures. How can you expect progress in other fields?A. How many things have happened after Bombay blasts (Mumbai terror attack)? Whenever India has said it suspected some area, we have searched and even shared information. Intelligence to intelligence, ministry to ministry, government to government... everybody is interacting. With interaction comes friendship. All incidents that are happening can be averted with friendship. You are spending millions, we are spending millions (on security). We have to fight poverty and extremism. At government level, we have done many things. Now people-to-people contact will clear misunderstandings. We have created a situation for this now.Q. People keep hearing about the dossier on Hafiz Saeed (LeT chief and one of the key 26/11 conspirators). Pakistan appears to be reluctant to get to the bottom of the conspiracy behind the terror attack, specifically when all evidence is there on Pakistani soil. Why is there no progress?A. We have moved quite far from the dossier. We have done investigation which even your agencies have appreciated. We have done the investigation and submitted it to our court where the trial is going on. The court had formed the judicial commission. I have to follow my court. My court says until and unless and I repeat until and unless the witnesses are cross-examined they cannot proceed further. I can say with certainty that the trial would have been completed by now if the judicial commission from Pakistan had been allowed to cross-examine the four crucial Indian witnesses in the Mumbai attack case when it had visited India (in March 2012). With the Indian government agreeing to let the commission visit Mumbai and cross-examine the witnesses \"very soon\", the trial in Pakistan (of Lashkar commander Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi and six other accused) would be concluded swiftly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645279", "title": "Eight new traffic islands in Ambad Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation area soon", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has approved the industry association's proposal to set up eight new traffic islands in the Ambad industrial area of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC).The NMC has already conducted a survey in Ambad MIDC and plans for the proposed traffic islands are to be chalked out shortly by a three-member panel of architects appointed by the civic body.Suresh Mali, president, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"We are planning to develop the new traffic islands through sponsors. The locations that have been identified are Pathardi Phata, Meltron Point, Glaxo Point, Power House Point, Mahindra Eugine Point and Warehouse Point. Around 20 industries in Ambad MIDC have given their consent to sponsor the traffic islands.\"A senior NMC official said, \"We conducted a survey of new sites for the proposed traffic islands. We will soon give estimates of expenditure on the traffic islands to the industry body.\"Mali said, \"Our main objective is to make the Nashik industrial area beautiful and green. As part of our social obligation, we have already launched a tree plantation drive in Ambad MIDC.\" Apart from the industrial area, the NMC also has identified around 34 new locations to develop traffic islands through sponsors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17649062", "title": "Wild tuskers kill 1, injure another", "text": "GARHWA: A heard of 20-25 wild elephants have been wreaking havoc in Khuri village of Chinia block of the district since the last couple of days. These rogue elephants trampled a villager to death in Khuri village in Chinia block on Sunday and injured another villager. The elephants also destroyed piled up paddy stocks of many villagers and damaged some houses.Sitaram Prajapati (55) was trampled to death by a wild elephant who had strayed from its heard at Khuri village in Chinia block. The elephant also injured Rama Bhuiyan. Sources from the village said the deceased Sitaram and injured Rama were returning from a nearby field when the wild elephant attacked them.On receiving news of the incident, the mukhiya of Khuri panchayat Surya Narayan Saw and Chinia block uppramukh Shanker Ram rushed to the spot and consoled the aggrieved family of the deceased. Later, forester Ram Lagan Prajapati and forest guard met the deceased's kin and offered Rs 10,000 under the family benefit scheme of the state government. \"The kin of the deceased and the injured will receive adequate compensation. They will also get compensation for damaged houses and standing crops,\" said the forester.Villagers asked the forest department personnel to provide effective measure for driving away the tuskers from the forest area because the elephants have been wreaking havoc in the village giving sleepless nights to the villagers since the past couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644765", "title": "Cops detain 2 for woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have detained two people, including the security guard of a construction site in Aminjakarai, in connection with the murder of a woman. A woman's body was recovered from the construction site on Friday evening.The woman was identified as Vijaya, 35, of Otteri. Vijaya, a sex worker, was brought to the site by the security guard, Balaji, 42, and his friend Srinivasan. Police said the men killed Vijaya after an altercation over money.Police said Balaji and Srinivasan brought Vijaya to the construction site and agreed to pay her Rs 1,000. However, Vijaya later asked the men for more money. When she threatened to raise an alarm, the men strangled her. They wrapped her body in a bedsheet and fled the scene.On Friday evening, police recovered Vijaya's body from the construction site. Police established the woman's identity with the help of her son who said that Vijaya had been missing since Wednesday. Inquiries revealed that she was last seen talking to Balaji. Police suspected Balaji as he, too, was missing for more than two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17643789", "title": "SC lamented CBI inertia 15 years before Misra spilled the beans", "text": "Former CBI director US Misra last week said the premier investigating agency functioned like a department of the government without any practical autonomy.Misra spoke from experience of handling political pressure when the CBI was investigating many politically sensitive cases including the Telgi scam and the disproportionate assets cases against Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav.Misra's statement might have startled many who hoped that the agency would carry out a fair probe into crimes involving politicians or the goons protected by them. But for those who have been watching the CBI in politically sensitive cases - from Bofors to Kargil arms purchase scam and from Mayawati to Mulayam - Misra pulled no rabbit from the hat.Misra just lifted the hat for the rabbit to walk out of it. Everyone had long known of the existence of the rabbit under the CBI's hat. And the rabbit that Misra allowed to walk out is sure to get back in given the deep nexus between politicians, bureaucrats and mafia, which the N N Vohra committee talked about in its October 5, 1993 report to the government.A good 15 years ago, the Supreme Court was worried by the findings of the Vohra committee, coupled with the inertia of the CBI to investigate top politicians alleged to have received money through hawala channel.What Misra tells us today, the SC had already deduced and narrated in its December 18, 1997 judgment in Vineet Narain case. It was exasperated by the lethargy exhibited by the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate in tracking the money allegedly paid to politicians in the famous Jain hawala case.The SC had stepped in to monitor the investigations leading to filing of chargesheets against leaders from both Congress and BJP. Ultimately, nothing came out of it and all were acquitted. It showed the damage that delayed and uninspired investigation could cause to a case of national importance.The manner in which political arms controlled the strings of investigation in the hawala case led the SC to comment, \"This experience revealed to us the need for insulation of these agencies from any extraneous influence to ensure the continuance of good work they have commenced.\"The ability of CBI and ED officers in the case improved \"once they were assured of protection in the honest discharge of their duties\", the SC had said.Surprisingly, influencing of investigating agencies continued even after it was brought to the notice of the apex court that the probe was pedantic.The SC had said, \"Even after the matter was brought to the court complaining of inertia of the CBI and other agencies to investigate into the offences because of the alleged involvement of several person holding high offices in the executive, for quite some time, the disinclination of the agencies to proceed with the investigation was apparent.\"This disinclination or over-enthusiasm of the investigating agencies to probe a politically sensitive case continues to date, starting from the Bofors payoff case, through the Kargil arms purchase scam and the two disproportionate assets cases against Mayawati and Mulayam.The lethargy continues in bringing to book those who were guilty of irregularities pointed out by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), who gave the reports after scrutinizing government accounts.This brings us to a dangerous situation in the given political scenario where on one hand the CAG is publicly ridiculed and challenged for a public debate once too often and on the other, the investigating agencies are treated like \"departments of the government\".So much for the faith reposed by the Supreme Court and the high courts in the CBI for a fair probe into the crimes perpetrated by what N N Vohra in his report called a \"parallel government\" run by the mafia.The Supreme Court, after going through the Vohra committee report, had said in Vineet Narain judgment that \"the network of mafia is virtually running a parallel government, pushing the state apparatus into irrelevance\". The situation has not changed much since the 1993 Vohra committee report, which talked of \"a powerful nexus between the bureaucracy and politicians with mafia gangs, smugglers and the underworld\".The adage \"be you ever so high, the law is above you\" has lost its meaning as the courts can do little if there is improper investigation, faulty evidence and lack of enthusiasm on the part of the prosecution to highlight the evidence.The adage will be understood in its proper sense by the investigating agencies only if they are freed from the clutches of the ruling dispensation and are not treated as \"departments\" of the government. Till that happens, we will only see the investigating agencies doing flip-flops synchronized with the diktats of the political masters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645574", "title": "The evergreen professor", "text": "Professor Trilokeswar Shonku, whose adventures and ingenious inventions have continued to delight readers over the ages, is undoubtedly one of the evergreen characters of Bengali children's literature. But unknown to many, the protagonist of Satyajit Ray's eternal fantasy-cum-science-fiction series recently turned 50.Ray's collection of short stories on Shonku was first published by NewScript Publications in December 1965, two years after the eccentric professor came into being. Of the nine short stories that were a part of the collection, eight had formerly been published in various editions of Sandesh . Does that mean Shonku's pet cat Newton, who was already 24 then, is 74 now? Let's not get into the riddle of numbers because Shonku would remain caste-less, class-less and age-less forever. At this moment, the unparalleled scientist must be happily at work inside his laboratory at Giridih and couldn't care less about \"worldly\" count.Music for the sensesIsraeli superstar Idan Raichel wowed the Kolkata audience on Thursday evening with an electrifying performance at Rabindra Sarobar as part of the 5th Kolkata International Music Festival. The singer-songwriter-musician - who is currently on an India tour with 11 musicians - was brought to Kolkata, courtesy embassy of Israel in Delhi and the honorary consulate of Israel in Kolkata, in collaboration with Song of Soul.Raichel - keyboardist, producer and composer - is known for the Idan Raichel project that is distinctive for its fusion of electronics, traditional Hebrew texts, Middle Eastern and Ethiopian music. The Idan Raichel project burst onto Israel's music scene in 2002, changing the face of Israeli popular music and offering a message of love and tolerance that resonated strongly in a region of the world where headlines are too often dominated by conflict.With an enchanting blend of African, Latin American, Caribbean and Middle Eastern sounds coupled with sophisticated production techniques and a spectacular live show, the project has become one of the most unexpected success stories in Israeli music history.Safety on the wheelsWhat happens when more than 150 cars and 600 motorists get together? The answer is simple - it becomes India's biggest motoring event. The Kolkata on Wheels Car Treasure Hunt on Sunday saw a thrilling car treasure and scavenger hunt where the cars traversed through the length and breadth of the city in an endeavour to spread awareness on safe driving.Eight puzzles were given to the participating teams. Correct answers to these puzzles led the participants to eight destinations in the city covering a distance of 50 km approximately. The puzzle tested how much the participants knew about their city. At every correct destination, a questionnaire containing two questions was handed over to the participants. These 16 questions were based on subjects relating to Kolkata and issues of safe driving. The competitors also had to collect 4 scavenger items during the event which included - an empty plastic pen refill, a post card of Indian Post and Telegraph, a yellow rose petal and a finally to collect gift from a outlet near Dolna, a south Kolkata school.All the participating cars were secretly monitored by hidden video cameras to judge their adherence to all traffic rules and Ankit Gupta emerged the champion.Freedom in artA flamenco dancer, a dark African face staring at you mysteriously or a blood red profile representative of the tribals of Africa...these paintings will strike you as different. Suniti Khastagir and daughter of the late Justice Padma Khastagir made her debut as an artist with her exhibition at the Birla Academy of Art and Culture, getting rave reviews from leading artists like Suvaprasanna. After completing her MBA from a university in UK, Suniti entered the corporate world here. She is presently part of the brand team of Tata Steel and is extremely successful in her profession.Despite being successful in her profession, she was yearning to give shape to her creative self and started learning painting from Suvra Chakraborty. The result is her debut exhibition Serendipity - a quest for the unknown and some unexpected discoveries. Suniti says that she is finally happy that she has been able to break away from the mundane matrix that her life had become so long. She shared space in this exhibition with fellow artist Santanu Maity, another corporate person who is seeking his freedom through the paint brush. (with pic)One for bookloversAmbassador of Paraguay to India, Genaro V Pappalardo, released the English translation of two Spanish books - El Equilibrista (The Tight Rope) and El Callejon Oscuro (The Dark Alley) - by author Susana Gertopan. Also present on the occasion were honorary consul of Paraguay at Kolkata, Yash Poddar and Prof Malabika Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645702", "title": "Highway repairs in focus ahead of CM's N Bengal visit", "text": "KOLKATA: During her last North Bengal visit, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had ordered the repairs of the damaged parts of the national highway stretches in North Bengal, particularly the NH-31 D stretch that connects Siliguri with Jalpaiguri.However, barring some patchwork, the highway stretch is still in a bad shape. With the chief minister visiting North Bengal on December 26, the issue is back in focus. During her visit to Jalpaiguri earlier this year, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had expressed displeasure over the bad condition of the highway stretch from Siliguri to Jalpaiguri. She had even asked an NHAI official as to why repair work was not taking place.Earlier, state PWD minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar and North Bengal development minister Gautam Deb had complained that the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) was not responding to their repeated requests of repairing the damaged parts of the highway stretches falling under their jurisdiction and said that the highway stretches under the state government's PWD (NH wing) was in good condition.However, the reason of the highway stretches lying in bad condition lies elsewhere.According to NHAI sources, they regularly maintain the stretches that are four-lane and under their jurisdiction. But in some parts, the NH stretches are still two-lane that are yet to be widened due to acquisition woes. Still, patchwork has been done on the damaged stretches but overall revamp is yet to be done. The NHAI collects money from the toll plazas on the highways and the money collected are used for repairing and maintaining the stretches.State chief secretary Sanjay Mitra recently held a meeting with senior government and NHAI officials at the Writers' to sort out the land dispute over the NH-34 widening project where it was also discussed that the NH-31 stretch from Ghoshpukur to Salsalabari near the Assam border will be widened into a four-lane highway and the distance of the highway will be cut short by about 70 kilometres. The NH-34 now connects with NH-31 at Dalkhola. By reducing the distance, constructing a bypass stretch and widening it into four lanes, a direct four-lane connectivity will be set up from Kolkata to Assam.Once the four-laning is done, the condition of the highway stretch will automatically improve.The state government had earlier submitted a total estimate of Rs 280 crore to the ministry of road, transport and highways for repairing the stretches. The state has a national highway stretch of 2,556 kilometres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644757", "title": "Citylights", "text": "Colour of MusicSantoor player Pandit Satish Vyas met sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar exactly two months before his demise last week. Vyas recollected that though Ravi Shankar's health was far from steady, he was, as always, more than welcoming. \"The news of his leaving us has, therefore, come as a big shock to me,\" said Vyas who believes Panditji was a true cultural ambassador of India to the world. \"When we travel abroad, we inform immigration officers about our classical instruments, and they often react by saying these are 'like Ravi Shankar instruments' .\" Vyas also recalled an anecdote that demonstrated the lighter side of Ravi Shankar's personality. \"Once Vasant Sathe (the late Union minister of information and broadcasting of the 1980s) attended Panditji's performance, where he requested him to perform for Doordarshan. Panditji replied simply with a 'we'll do it after DD goes colour' .\" Those were the days of black-and-white television.Well ReadIt was an inauguration marked with much fanfare. The renovated betterstocked M M Sharma Library at the Institute of Chemical Technology was being thrown open on this scientist's birthday . Several faculty members had contributed to the making of the new bibliotheque . Instead of naming professors of a specific school or department or those who had donated grants, director G D Yadav asked the higher education minister, Rajesh Tope, to do something different: Hand out mementoes to those who \"really built the knowledge room\" . So, came the painter in his yellowed white shirt and faded trousers, then a man who put up the false ceiling, the electrician and the worker who did all the civil work. \"Fellows,\" as Yadav put it, \"who worked day and night to construct this library.\" As Yadav called out the names, he told the minister how he had received support from all of them, many of whom had worked at a nominal charge to see the library standing.States of WeddingsShia scholar Maulana Kalbe Sadiq was in the city recently to deliver a series of sermons commemorating Imam Hussain's martyrdom during Muharram. One night, after the sermon , the scholar recounted a wedding celebration that changed his perception about weddings. A few years ago, recalled the cleric, he was invited by a friend in Bangalore for his son's wedding . After reaching Bangalore, he found that the nikah was to take place in Iran. He reasoned with the host that they didn't need him to solemnize the nikah as there were many good qazis in Iran , but the host insisted he accompany the baraatis. \"A planeload of baraatis reached Iran. Before the nikah, I wanted to know the mehar amount (a gift from the Muslim groom to the bride). I was flabbergasted when they said it was 83kg gold.\"'Are you joking?' Sadiq asked the boy's father. 'It is true,' he was told. After the nikah, the party moved to a fivestar hotel in Dubai for the reception. The scholar has decided against attending any more ostentatious weddings , \"when there are thousands of poor girls waiting to get married\" .Healthy &amp; WiseMothers who stress over ways to feed broccoli or spinach to their children would have relished listening to actor Rajeev Khandelwal at a recent function held to underline the link between health and nutrition. Khandelwal tends to a kitchen garden where he grows colourful vegetables and obsessively eats only homemade food, even during shoots. His mantra is to eat fresh fruits rather than their juice version. Several disciplined professionals are perhaps equally driven to eat nutrientrich meals, but what set the audience clapping for Khandelwal was how he had transformed his noodles-gobbling nephew into one who eats nuts and fruits without a murmur. At the root of this change was the simple application of behaviour therapy: You want pizza? Let's chomp on some nuts first. \"The child is then invariably too full to indulge in junk dishes,\" he said. Children apparently eat by association rather than taste. Hence, he said, kids whose families regularly rustle up noodles would invariably love the calorie-rich concoction. It must have also helped that he has a long-term goal. The actor said he was fanatical about eating right because he wants to climb Mount Everest on turning 60. The path to dream fulfillment, it would seem, is a healthy diet.Some Christmas Cheer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645359", "title": "Beat the blues", "text": "How many of us have the courage to follow our passion instead of opting for the safe route of taking up a regular job? Through this new column, we will share extraordinary stories of ordinary people who turned their passion into a profession.Seeing the sad state of the river Bharathapuzha (in Kerala), locally known as river nila, Gopinath (Gopi) Parayil decided to set up a foundation to bring together people concerned about saving the river. However, after a few months, he ran out of money and he had to decide on a sustainable source of income and, thus, The Blue Yonder (TBY) was born.\"I wanted to use tourism as a tool to address local issues to assist in sociocultural and economic development. We felt tourism could create ambassadors for the cause and Nila could become a global brand. We ensured supplementary sources of income for the locals who live near the river and that created a sense of pride among them,\" he says.TBY is India's first company to position its business in the responsible tourism space. \"There wasn't any academic study behind the concept in our case. We thought, since we got involved in the tourism business because of our 'responsibility' to the surroundings we live in, such businesses should be known as 'Responsible Tourism Business.' Later, especially post-2006, when we won the First Choice Responsible Tourism Award at the World Travel Market in London, we started looking at models elsewhere in the world and realised that we were one step ahead of many of the other social businesses in tourism.\"All holidays across the country are designed in a way that it makes a positive difference to local communities and the environment they live in.TBY in partnership with a British company , Tripbod, launched the world's first Responsible Tourism Networking events with the idea of bringing together responsible tourism players across the world. \"There are hundreds of young, inspiring entrepreneurs building new initiatives in tourism that they believe are going to change the way we live.\"What keeps him going? \"Every time I hear stories of what people have achieved with minimum resources and their efforts to create a better world, I cannot sit back and relax \u00e2\u20ac\u201d this is what drives me.\"What is your advice for youngsters? \"Knowledge about ground realities of a destination is what makes the key difference. Finding a balance between passion and financial success is important. Also, we belong to the school of thought that believes that any form of tourism business 'could' be responsible.\"What academic degree is necessary in this field? \"The most active players in responsible tourism space anywhere in the world have no academic background in tourism. I have colleagues who've studied sustainable tourism from Netherlands and Germany. Their academic knowledge help add value when it's combined with practical experiences. In responsible tourism space, a balance between practical knowledge of development space in the country and tourism is what I would value the most.\" As the future unfolds, Gopi continues to spread the ethos of 'The Blue Yonder' across the world. And while he is at it, he learns to speak the language that everyone understands \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that the holidays are sheer fun \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as some times too much 'responsibility' scares people away.Key skillsKnowledge about ground realities of a destination. A balance between practical knowledge of development space in the country and tourism Academic knowledge adds value when combined with practical experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648800", "title": "Demi Moore falls out with daughters again", "text": "Demi Moore's daughters have reportedly cut off contact with their mum once again.The 50-year-old actress is allegedly being given the cold shoulder by Rumer, 24, Scout, 21, and Tallulah, 18, just months after they reconciled following a bitter fallout, the Daily Mail reported.Moore's daughters, alongwith former hubby Bruce Willis , are allegedly tired of her constant partying and erratic behaviour.They initially fell out over her split from Ashton Kutcher last year and subsequent stint in rehab.\"Rumer is really the one making the decision to do this as the oldest,\" a source told the New York Daily News.\"Around the time Bruce's wife Emma had the baby, it was this scary sense of, 'Demi went off her rocker again.' Bruce is now very much out of the spotlight and the kids were very happy about that.\"They started feeling that Demi needs to stay home and be more of a mother. She checked into rehab and they'd always been pushing for her to do that. [But] After Art Basel , she came out partying and dancing on tables again. The kids are old enough to band together, Rumer being the ringleader. The family is very much divided,\" the source said.Her daughters initially supported their mother following her divorce from Kutcher because they believed she was \"distraught\" but were allegedly \"mortified\" when she started going out with one of Rumer's friends Vito Schnabel recently.But Moore was dumped by the 26-year-old toyboy last week after she enjoyed a week of partying at Art Basil in Miami because he thought she was too distracting from his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644633", "title": "Recent cases could be the iceberg's tip", "text": "Cops and the state government have come in for some harsh words - and penalties - in the recent past for a rash of cases of police excess. But that does not seem to have changed things. Probably not too many cases reach the judiciary and get redress, which emboldens cops from going on with their ways and scares people from complaining against these excesses. The system, in many ways, still seems rooted in the colonial era and nowhere is it more evident than in the working of the police.Related Story:  State frequently made to pay for cops' high-handedness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645029", "title": "Zahir Rana held in Rs 17L fraud case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Zahir Rana, who was earlier arrested by the city and state police in connection with a number of fraud cases, was arrested by Navrangpura police after a complaint of Rs 17.20 lakh cheating was lodged on Saturday. Rana was earlier arrested by city crime branch in May this year.According to Navrangpura police, the cheating case against Rana has been lodged by Mushtaq Vali Mohammed Qureshi, a resident of Al Farouq Residency in Juhapura. He has said that lured by promises by Rana-run Dorado Marketing, located at Shivam Complex in Navrangpura, he and his family members had invested Rs 17.20 lakh in December 2010 in a financial scheme where the company had promised a return of 15 per cent per month.P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station, told TOI that the firm failed to pay the investors and after two years of wait, Qureshi filed the complaint against Rana who had promised to pay him as soon as possible. \"We have also got some more complaints from investors of Dorado Marketing. After verifying their documents, the complaints will be merged,\" he said.Rana, who hit the headlines in 2002 with his Remo Marketing, was arrested by state CID (crime) for his role in multi-crore scam in 2003. He was imprisoned till 2008 after which he set up another firm Dorado Marketing in Navrangpura and wooed investors. According to investigators, the firm collected more than Rs 70 crore through various schemes that was invested in real estate projects around Nal Sarovar. Rana had claimed that he lost money after the realty prices got crashed in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17645086", "title": "Ex-corporator\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s son arrested for rape", "text": "AURANGABAD: A 20-year-old woman was kidnapped and allegedly raped by a 23-year-old youth on late Saturday night.The police said, the incident took place around 12.30 am on Saturday night, when the woman, a resident of Kailash Nagar, came out of her house to answer nature's call. Three youths allegedly kidnapped her and took her to Bhanudas Nagar. There she was raped by Ramesh Dhananjay Wadekar (23), son of a former Shiv Sena corporator.The others, Nitin Nikhare and Krishna Chormare, who assisted Wadekar in kidnapping the woman, have also been arrested and booked for assisting in the crime, the police said.Senior inspector and in-charge of Jinsi police station, Gafur Patil, said, \"The incident came to light when the woman returned home on early Sunday morning, and told her family members, who rushed her to the Jinsi police station. After taking down her complaint, a detection branch team of the Jinsi police station led by assistant sub-inspector Syed Gayasuddin arrested the accused.\"The accused will be produced in court to get their police custody remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644283", "title": "Civil society calls IMA's opposition to Clinical Establishment Act 'misinformed'", "text": "PUNE: Calling the Indian Medical Association's opposition to Clinical Establishment Act (CEA) 2010 as 'misinformed' and 'misconceived', the Jan Arogya Abhiyaan (JAA), a state-wide network of civil society organizations, has come out in support of the Act, the adoption of which is planned in the current winter session of the State Assembly.\"Some of the grounds for IMA's opposition are not fact-based. For example, IMA claims that Clinical Establishment Act will increase the establishment costs of all hospitals-big and small. Hence small hospitals charging low fees for treatment will have to face closure. But this is not true,\" said senior heatlh activist Anant Phadke of JAA.Elaborating, Phadke said, \"The rules under the CEA say that electronic record keeping would be mandatory. This would involve installing computers where they are not already in place. It is very unlikely that expense on this provision would be such that it will lead to closure of small hospitals.\"\"IMA's various estimations about cost escalations of services appear to be arbitrary projections, not based on rational and factual calculations,\" Phadke said, adding, \"Instead of opposing the Act, it will be better to join the process of standard setting, suggest how necessary measures can be implemented in a realistic manner, and oppose any irrational provisions that may be proposed.\"IMA has apprehension that hefty fines will be imposed on doctors for non-compliance of registration under the Act. \"In reality, CEA says that if any hospital is in existence at the time of the commencement of this Act, an application for its registration shall be made within one year from the date of the commencement of this Act,\" Phadke said. JAA has offered its 'qualified support' to adoption of CEA.\"We welcome some of the provisions which are very much in interest of patients with the caveat that regulatory process should be more participatory involving relevant stakeholders; and there should be adequate mechanism to uphold patient's rights and protect legitimate interests of doctors.\"When contacted senior gynaecologist Bharati Dhore Patil, president of the Pune branch of IMA said, \"We are opposing certain sections of the CEA. It is not a blanket opposition. Our only worry is the Act should not promote inspector raj. There should be rules and regulation formulated in consultation with the Indian Medical Association before implementing the Act.\"Some positive features of Clinical Establishment Act, 2010.* Medical establishments will have to adopt Standard Treatment Guidelines and will have to maintain some minimum standards. This would help protect patients from irrational, exploitative treatment and from substandard facilities.* Medical establishments will have to display charges for some of the typical main items like consulting charges, room charges etc. So that the patients will have some idea about how affordable the hospital is.* These charges will have to be within the range decided by the government, after consulting the relevant stakeholders including representatives from doctors. This will prevent exorbitant charging resorted to by some doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644867", "title": "Woman beaten to death for land", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a retired electricity board employee who allegedly beat a 73-year-old woman to death and injured her adopted daughter after she refused to part with her property documents at Otteri on Saturday night.Police said the accused Rajmohan, 63, murdered the elderly woman Vasantha in an attempt to grab her property. He had been renting a portion of the house for the past four years.Police said Vasantha, a spinster, lived with her adopted daughter Vanitha, 42, who was also not married. Vasantha's older sister Savithri, lived in another portion of the house.Rajmohan's wife had died 10 years earlier and he had been eyeing Vasantha's property ever since he moved in four years ago.Rajmohan, who has two children, was an alcoholic and used to quarrel with Vasantha, a former employee of Ashok Leyland. Late on Sunday night, he barged into Vasantha's house and demanded that she hand over the property documents. In a fit of rage, Rajmohan picked up an iron rod and hit Vasantha. Vanitha tried to stop him. He hit her and fled the scene.Vanitha alerted a security guard near the house, who called Savithri. They took the two to a nearby government hospital where Vasantha was declared brought dead.Otteri police registered a murder case and arrested Rajmohan. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17644634", "title": "Speeding canter mows down 18-year-old", "text": "BANGALORE: An 18-year-old student was killed after a motorcycle he was riding pillion on was hit by a speeding canter from behind at Ashoka Pillar, Jayanagar, late on Saturday night. The biker, however, survived the crash with injuries.Syed Ul Rehman, a PUC student, was riding pillion on the bike of his friend, Mohammed Ul Rehman, from the City Market side. Both J P Nagar residents, Syed and Mohammed were heading home.When their motorcycle reached Ashoka Pillar junction, a speeding canter coming from behind hitting the two-wheeler. The two youths were rushed to a nearby hospital and later referred to St John's Hospital.Syed succumbed to his injuries around 3 am while Mohammed is recuperating and said to be out of danger.Wilson Garden traffic police officers said they were yet to get details of the college where Syed studied.Davani Kumar 30, a native of Tamil Nadu , had come to Bangalore with his family three months back and was working as a tailor in Ulsoor.On Saturday night, Davani returned home from work. He was under the influence of alcohol.Davani hanged himself from the roof of his kitchen using a shawl, even as his wife and two sons lay asleep in an adjacent room. Police said they are yet to establish why Davani took the extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644449", "title": "Railways to withdraw duplicate Sampoorna Kranti", "text": "PATNA: The Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR) has decided to withdraw duplicate Sampoorna Kranti Express being run with Linke Holfman Bush (LHB) rake between Patna Junction and Anand Vihar (Delhi) from January next month. The decision has been taken due to poor patronage extended to this train by North Central Railway (NCR), Allahabad, and Northern Railway (NR), New Delhi.Confirming the decision, Danapur DRM L M Jha said the train was introduced during festival period to reduce the huge rush of passengers willing to travel by Sampoorna Kranti Express (12393 -12394). Passengers travel by the duplicate train as the railways provided full comforts to them in the LHB rake. Besides, it maintained punctuality, at least from Patna Junction. However, poor patronage given to this train in other railways adversely affected its popularity among the passengers, he said.According to Jha, the Patna-New Delhi route is heavily crowded as several pairs of trains like Rajdhani Express are running on this route with full occupancy. The rush of passengers is still too high and there is hardly any berth available in any Delhi-bound train from here. The duplicate Sampoorna Kranti was a great relief to passengers as berths were easily available in it, he said.According to sources, the LHB rake was introduced to run duplicate Sampoorna Kranti as it was lying idle in the Danapur railway yard. Their design and structure looked like that of LHB coaches of Rajdhani Express. However, the LHB rake was different in weight, size and other designs from the Rajdhani Express rake, sources said, adding the duplicate Sampoorna Kranti has 110 kmph speed between Patna and Mughalsarai and 130 kmph between Mughalsarai and Delhi.The main reason behind withdrawing the duplicate Sampoorna Kranti is the fact that it never maintained its punctuality in other railways. Passengers had complained about deplorable hygiene condition in the coaches from Delhi end. The NR and NCR zones initiated no step to improve the timing and cleanliness inside coaches and toilets, an ECR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645527", "title": "Rickety building to be razed for varsity", "text": "KOLKATA: The old dilapidated building that was supposed to house a police base hospital next to the Bidhannagar sub-divisional hospital in Salt Lake will finally be demolished to construct a new building to extend the campus of the West Bengal University of Health Sciences. At present, the ramshackle structure serves as a safe haven for anti-socials.Minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya said the land will be used to extend the university campus. \"It already has a plot adjacent to the building,\" she said.West Bengal University of Health Sciences pro vice-chancellor Manoj Ghosh said that they had already got sanction from the health department to utilize the plot for a new building. \"We are trying to set up a G+9 building on the plot,\" he added. Parts of the old building will be demolished as per requirement.At present, the health university building is functioning just behind the old base hospital building at the DD block. The university started its operations on January 1, 2003, and currently a number of colleges are affiliated under the university to impart training and education in various medical areas.The existing old building has been lying in utter neglect for years. It has almost turned into a haunted house, with the entire premise remaining completely dark at night. Time and again, local residents have complained to the government about rowdy elements taking refuge in the building and urged the authorities to look into the matter. The urban development department took up the issue and it was finally decided that the plot will be utilized to extend the university campus by building a new complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648223", "title": "Yvette Shaw in awe of John Abraham's body", "text": "John Abraham, who has throbbed the heart of millions of female fans has now won the heart of Muscle women Yvette Shaw. Yvette will be seen in her Bollywood debut movie The City That Never Sleeps which is roduced by Satish Reddy and directed by Haroon Rashid.Yvette said, \"I love the man who has a sexy body and an equally sexy mind and John has it all. I wish that one day I will work with the Bollywood hunk. I want John to show his beautiful abs and sexy muscles in front of me.\"Yvette Shaw has rubbed her shoulder with Hollywood hunk Arnold and many action stars. She can be described as one of the toughest women in the world with her muscular body. She is also known for her achievements as an International athlete muscle model and an actress.\"If you talk about being sexy and look worldwide, you have John Abraham . I think sexiness is also a quotient of success, but according to me more than that is intelligence. Because every person's physical appeal only lasts a while, but in the long run the mind matters,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649060", "title": "Calle 13 performs in San Juan", "text": "Puerto Rican urban music band Calle 13 performed at Isla Grande Pier in their first concert in San Juan after a three-year absence.Rene Perez, known as \"Residente\", opened the concert, one of the most anticipated musical events in years in Puerto Rico , with \"No hay nadie como tu\" and \"Vamos a portarnos mal\".The Calle 13 soloist criticized outgoing San Juan Mayor Jorge Santini, who prevented the band from performing in the capital for years over differences with Perez.Residente called on Puerto Rico's new administration, which takes office Jan 2, to spend more money on education.The singer said education was the key to improving conditions on the island, which has been plagued by crime and violence for years.Panamanian singer Ruben Blades took part in the concert and told the audience he was glad to see Calle 13 finally back in San Juan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17648156", "title": "MCC looks to terminate contract to billing company", "text": "MANGALORE: Bellary-based BCITS that provides revenue billings services for Mangalore City Corporation, is facing the heat for its lackadaisical attitude towards water billing. With more than 72,000 water connections across the city, including 62,000 domestic connections, BCITS has not lived up to the expectations of the civic body, which has now decided to issue a contract termination notice to the company and go in for fresh tenders.When the issue figured in the general meeting of the council held in November, commissioner K Harish Kumar taking note of feelings expressed by corporators said the civic body would terminate the contract given to BCITS. MCC entered into a three-year contract with BCITS with the subsequent two-year period depending on the performance of the company in the first year.At present, three months in the second year of the contract is pendingAs per the contract, MCC is supposed to pay Rs 7 for every metered connection that BCITS reads, explains KS Linge Gowda, assistant executive engineer (water supply) of MCC. While the objective of the contract is to ensure that the company reads at least 90% of the metered connections each month, they have been able to reach around 60%. Complaints from consumers of their meters not having been read for months is on the rise, he said.Linge Gowda himself has issued more than eight notices in the past one year to BCITS directing them to improve their performance and performance has picked up of late.\"We have withheld payment due to them to ensure better compliance,\" he said, adding that the general complaints received from consumers included bills issued to them showing meter not reading (MNR), reading not tallied (RNT) and door locked (DL).The implications for consumers is they got inflated bills when the actual reading was taken and bills issued, Linge Gowda said, adding in MNR and RNT cases, the consumer is issued bill for minimum amount, which is Rs 65. In case, where a correct bill is issued after three months, they get billed for the actual consumption, the official said, adding the civic body is planning to go in for fresh tender or issue bills on its own once the contract ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644152", "title": "Student takes exam from hospital bed, scores 74%", "text": "MUMBAI: The fifth semester results of Bachelor of Mass Media (BMM), which were announced recently, have come as great news for Zenobia Shaikh (20) and her family. Shaikh was hit by a speeding SUV outside her college, two weeks before her examination. The accident left her with fractured legs and a broken nose. She has scored 74%.\"My classmates took me to the hospital. I underwent multiple surgeries, one of which involved inserting a rod in a leg. I was heartbroken but determined,\" said Shaikh, who appeared from the hospital bed with the help of a writer. \"I had expected better, but considering my condition, my family is happy,\" she added.Her college authorities immediately contacted the university after the mishap to consider Shaikh's case and let her appear either from the hospital or an ambulance outside any examination centre. After several follow-ups, the university approved a writer and allowed Shaikh to appear from Bhatia hospital.\"The university vice-chancellor and controller of examination have extended full cooperation. They allowed our SY BMM student to be Zenobia's writer,\" said Sangeeta Makkad, BMM coordinator of Lala Lajpatrai College, where Zenobia is a third year BMM (advertising) student.After spending almost a month in hospital, Zenobia has a cast on a leg. \"It will come off only next March. Till then I'm not allowed to walk. I am following up with friends in class to ensure I have all notes. I don't want anything to go wrong next semester ,\" said Zenobia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647523", "title": "Riteish Deshmukh turns 34", "text": "Riteish Deshmukh , the king of Bollywood's slapstick comedies, has turned 34 today.This is his first birthday after his marriage to his actress girlfriend Genelia D' Souza.But this year, celebrations of his birthday will be on a much calmer scale because of his father, former Maharashtra CM Vilasrao's, demise few months back.The actor will be next seen in the sequel of movie 'Double Dhamaal, ' titled ' Total Dhamaal'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17645845", "title": "Integrated traffic plan to link signals set for launch in January", "text": "CHENNAI: Work on the 117-croreintegratedtraffic managementsystem (ITMS )is progressing at a steady pace and the project should be completed on scheduleby January . Policesaidthetrafficsignals from Dr Radhakrishnan Salai and Kamarajar Salai to the Secretariat had recently been linked as partof the project.\"We hope to complete the project before the stipulated time . We have installed towers in places where signals could not reach receivers , on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai and Kamarajar Salai .Wewillstartinstalling the automated number plate reading cameras and speed dome cameras at these 12 signals ,\" said P N Mahadevan , MD of Purple Infotech Private Limited (PIPL),whichisimplementing the project.PIPL was awarded the contract to complete the project at 100 signals in Chennai by January 2013 .ITMS will monitor traffic violationsbetter andbring to book offenders . A centralised control room will also be set up . The system , with CCTV cameras , is being set up on the 12km stretch from Poes Garden junction tothe Secretariat.PIPL has trained 200 police officers to handle the system . \"Theinstallation workfor the giant monitor and other technical equipment in the new commissioner's office off Poonamallee High Road in Vepery is underway . We have procured equipment from Swedish and Israeli firms ,\" Mahadevan said .Additional commissioner of police (traffic ) Karunasagar recently conducted a meeting withPIPLofficialsto reviewthe progressof thework. \"Thework is going slower than expected due to the metro rail work . That is the reason we decided to start implementing the system on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai and Kamarajar Salaiin thefirst phase ,\" a police officer said . \"In the next phase , we will start installing towers and CCTV cameras on Anna Salai (from Central to Tambaram ) and Poonamallee High Road (from Central to Poonamallee ), covering 88 junctions ,Mahadevan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644138", "title": "10-year-old molested by neighbour", "text": "NAGPUR: Neighbours on Sunday rescued a girl, 10, a resident of Vinoba Bhave Nagar, from the clutches of a 50-year-old pervert who resided in the adjacent house. Yeshwant Dewte, slapped with the charges for attempting to commit rape, was learnt to be found naked when neighbours barged into his home.The shocking incident of man trying to violate a girl triggered a major ruckus in Vinoba Bhave Nagar. It is learnt Dewte had summoned the girl on the pretext of sweeping the floor when the rest of the family had gone out. His mother too had gone to work leaving Dewte alone at home.Dewte raised the volume of music system and tried to pin down the girl after disrobing himself. Still, the girl's scream was heard by another neighbour who raised an alarm. Social worker Vaishali Wankhede reached the place and also alerted the cops. She said the girl was in a shock when rescued. \"Police should take stringent action as this is third of its kind incident in the locality,\" she said. It is learnt that the crowd were about to bash up Dewte and cops had to rescue him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644848", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGovernment not bound to give handling loss to kerosene dealers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has thrown out a petition filed by kerosene dealers opposing reduction of 'handling loss' being paid to them by the state government from 1% to 0.25% of the total quantum of the fuel they handled.\"This is really a business for the dealers, and it is for them to decide as to whether they should continue their business in kerosene or surrender their licence. There is no compulsion on the petitioners to do the business,\" said Justice K K Sasidharan, concurring with the submissions of special government pleader K Subramanian and dismissing the petition filed by the Tamil Nadu Kerosene Dealers Association recently.The handling/leakage loss of 1% was fixed by the state cooperative department in September 1989. In May 2011, it was revised to 0.25%, on the ground that the Public Accounts Committee had objected to the leakage allowance being higher than the allowance permitted by the Centre. While disposing of the first petition, a single judge directed the state to consider the matter afresh.The impugned order, reiterating the reduction in handling loss concession, was issued on September 8, 2011. Assailing it, the present petition was filed.Senior counsel K Doraisami said the dealers were not included in the committee which reconsidered the revision and that a statutory notification for an essential commodity cannot be amended by a government order.Special government pleader K Subramanian, however, said it was only a concession and that there was no vested right to claim the handling loss.Justice Sasidharan, said handling loss was not a statutory requirement and that the government was not bound to give handling loss to the dealer, be it kerosene or petroleum. Pointing out that the single judge had not directed the authorities to include a dealers' representative in the committee, he said the dealers did not make any attempt to get their representative included in the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17649150", "title": "BIT launches course on signal processing", "text": "RANCHI: The importance of signals could not be undermined in today's technology-driven world.From mobile communication to biomedical diagnostics like CT scan and ECG and from satellite imagery to weather forecast to simulation-based testing of missiles, it is signals alone that provide the key to mysteries.Understanding the importance of signals, the department of electronics and communication engineering of Birla Institute of Technology threw open its gates for a short-term course on signal processing and its applications. The course is being taken up by around 24 candidates who include undergrads and researchers as well.Course coordinator Mahesh Chandra told TOI that the short-term course is intended to highlight the theoretical and practical aspects of signal processing.\"In recent years, signal processing is being taught as a core subject to BTech and MTech students of electronics and communication engineering, electrical and electronics engineering, computer science engineering and information technology. The digital signal processors and techniques are extensively used in almost all types of industries.Many research laboratories of the country are also using the latest DSP tools and processors,\" he said, adding that this encouraged the institute to offer theoretical and practical concepts of signal processing.While BTech and MTech students have enrolled on the week-long course beginning December 24 to have an experience of the fundamentals of signal processing, senior researchers have joined it to look for new wings of research. Chandra said the research outcome largely depends on correct interpretations of signals and their processing methodology.\"We get signals from satellites in case of satellite imagery and unless they are plotted in the correct perspective and cross matched with the reality they could mislead the researchers,\" he said.Citing example of vegetation cover which is photographed from the space and then interpreted.\"Medical science would be rendered helpless unless the modern diagnostic tools are used and their signals processed in the right way,\" he said.The laboratory at BIT is equipped to conduct studies on simulation technology which reduces the burden of visiting the field to collect and interpret data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647635", "title": "'Dabangg 2' is way beyond action and comedy: Arbaaz", "text": "Actor Arbaaz Khan, who has turned director with Salman Khan-starrer \" Dabangg 2\", says the film is not just minldess action and comedy but has an inherent story that binds all the drama.The film, which will hit theatres on December 21, is the sequel to \"Dabangg\" with Salman and Sonakshi reprising their characters of Chulbul Pandey and Rajjo respectively while Prakash Raj is the main antagonist.\"You would see a lot of style coming along with the action and it would be in the kind of space that Chulbul Pandey as a character and 'Dabangg' as a brand stand for.\"Having said that, while action is an integral part of the film, it would be not more than what is necessary. There is a story running behind all the action. You just can't have action and more of action. None of it would hold if there is no emotion behind it; for that you need to have a story in a scene or a sequence,\" Arbaaz told.The sequel has a sizzling item number \"Fevicol Se\" by actress Kareena Kapoor and other numbers are also topping the charts. Music-composer duo Sajid-Wajid have been roped in this time too for the compositions.\"There are five songs in the movie and while the music of 'Dabangg' was outstanding, Sajid-Wajid have gone ahead and churned out something even better; I genuinely believe that. The composers have done a fabulous job,\" Arbaaz said.He is happy that the film has created quite a buzz before its release.\"I had to be conscious about the fact that the brand and the character stood for their true worth in the sequel and had something good to offer as well. I wanted to put the film in a very interesting way and give entertainment along with it. I could never lose sight of the entertainment quotient since that's the most important aspect here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mandre", "code": "17644650", "title": "Warkhand house gutted in fire, loss put at Rs 22 lakh", "text": "MANDRE: A house belonging to Shiva Ladu Naik of Voilowada- Warkhand in Pernem taluka was gutted in a major fire that broke out during the night of December 15.Pernem fire station said that items like gold , silver, clothes , utensils as well as cash was destroyed with the total loss estimated at 22 lakhs. An electrical short circuit is believed to be the cause of the fire. Fire department sources said that 15 occupants from six families resided in the house for several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17643093", "title": "Ideas to make cops gender-sensitive", "text": "GURGAON: Gauri Sarin, a top executive with a talent management firm participated in citizens cafe meet on Sunday. In an effort to make cops more gender-sensitive and responsive, Sarin, has been meeting with police personnel so that they deal with women complainants in responsible manner. At citizens cafe, Sarin shared her initiative through which she wanted cops to not discourage women complainants from getting their FIRs registered.She said after meeting with Gurgaon cops, she realized even senior officials wish to make efforts directed toward sensitising their subordinates who directly meet complainants at thana level. \"The positive response from the cops gives a hope of more gender sensitive and responsive policing,\" she added.Speaking about her experience, she said when she first met senior official of Gurgaon police he agreed that there is immediate need for sensitizing of Gurgaon police towards women safety issues.\"There are few cases reported but many cases still go unreported as women and girls do not feel comfortable going to police station and it is big challenge in curbing crime against women,\" she said. Sarin further said working with police is definitely bring change but at the same time there is need to spread awareness among women because if they decide to get punishment for the accused, they need to report the case and fight for justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644001", "title": "Quota in promotion against Constitution, Arvind Kejriwal's party says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Calling quota in promotions for SCs/STs against the spirit of social justice enshrined in the Constitution, anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has opposed the government move to bring in the quota through a constitutional amendment.The party criticized political parties for exploiting the issue of reservation in promotions in government jobs and putting their partisan interests above national interest.\"Instead of taking a principled stand on this question, the Congress has dithered and allowed itself to be blackmailed while the BJP has maintained a strategic silence. Parties like the BSP and the SP have merely acted as pressure groups on behalf of one caste group or another,\" AAP spokesperson Manish Sisodia said in a statement.This was one more instance of how the political establishment put its partisan interests above national interest, he added.\"AAP takes exception to the cynical manner in which the issue of reservation in promotions in government jobs is being exploited by various political parties to pit one section of society against another,\" Sisodia said.The party said the basic rationale of the reservation system was to extend genuine equality of opportunity to those sections of society that have suffered systematic deprivation, discrimination and disadvantage and are therefore under-represented at the top echelons of society.\"This can be extended to promotions as and where there is evidence of systematic discrimination in promotions that do not follow seniority rule. Otherwise, there is no need for reservation in promotion,\" Sisodia said.He said mechanical use of reservation in promotion often creates an anomalous situation. Those who are recruited against reserved category tend to get faster promotion than the rest and become senior to their batch-mates from the general category for no special reason.\"This creates unnecessary heartburn and a sense of injustice, which is not in keeping with the spirit of the system of reservations. That is why the Supreme Court has, while upholding job reservations for SCs, STs and the OBCs, rejected the idea of mechanical reservation in promotions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17644234", "title": "No trains on new tracks: Railways", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: People of north Bihar will have to wait for another three to six months for travelling in trains on the new railway line between Muzaffarpur and Sitamarhi as the Commissioner of Railway Safety (CRS), eastern zone, R P Yadav has refused to accord permission to the railways to run trains on the new track from Muzaffarpur to Runisaidpur after detecting a number of faults and shortcomings in the alignment of tracks and signaling system on the section which he inspected on Saturday evening.In fact, Muzaffarpur junction is not ready to receive a train from the new line even after an expenditure of more than Rs 450 crore in last one decade on the project by the railway ministry. Railways construction engineers have failed to replace a 22-year-old western distant signal of Muzaffarpur Junction. A senior railway railway officer, on condition of anonymity, said on Sunday that the concerned engineers have now assured to replace the signal in next 15 days.Pandel clips and fish-plates on tracks have been found missing at several places which the thieves might have stolen from the unprotected and forlorn areas over the years. Even railway level crossings are not complete at a number of places.The CRS, who first inspected Runisaidpur-Muzaffarpur new line in a motor trolley and then in a train, made it clear that the newly laid track on the route was not fit to tolerate the movement of a train on the prescribed speed of 110 km per hour (KMPH). He allowed his own train to run at 75 KMPH. But, even then, he found a number of shortcomings. The railway has declared Muzaffarpur-Runisaidpur area a theft zone. All the articles left unprotected on this route are liable to be stolen which may be disastrous any time. However, CRS, who reached Muzaffarpur junction from Runisaidpur at about 5.50 in the evening, hinted at giving permission to run local trains between Runisaidpur and Jabba Sahni (Meenapur) stations at a speed of 50 KMPH after three months provided all the detected shortcomings are removed by that time. Trains are already running on Sitamarhi-Runisaidpur route, of course, in a restricted manner.Meanwhile, senior divisional commercial manager (Sr. DCM), Sonepur, BMP Verma, informed on Sunday that there was no plan for remodeling Muzaffarpur Junction for receiving trains from Sitamarhi side.Its yard was fully prepared to receive new trains from Sitamarhi, he claimed but added that he was unable to inform about the technical aspects concerning signal etc. Sources said it was because of the political pressure that the railways had invited the CRS to inspect the new line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17648468", "title": "Parking lot at city railway station", "text": "MYSORE: A two-wheeler vehicle parking lot has been built to facilitate passengers entering Mysore city railway station through the entrance near the railway museum on KRS Road. Around 1,800 tickets are dispensed every day at the counter and more than 2,500 people use the entrance which has necessitated the need for parking place.Around 350 two-wheelers can be parked in the area. \"The parking area is ready. We are looking for contractors. The facility will be available in another 10 days,\" South Western Railway divisional commercial manager Anup Dayanand Sadhu said. The railway station will also get two escalators next year. The work will start in March, Sadhu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643159", "title": "GAIL's nod for natural gas connection for ceramic and glass zone", "text": "JAIPUR: RIICO's efforts to set up a ceramic and glass zone at Ghilot in Alwar got a fillip on Sunday with the Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL) agreeing to provide natural gas linkage to the project. The announcement came during the CeraGlass-2012 conference, jointly organized by RIICO, CII and ICS.The zone has been proposed in the 750-acre area to promote manufacturing of ceramic and glass products. S N Kumar, general manager (O&M;), JLPL and zonal marketing, GAIL , said, \"GAIL will extend the Sultanpur-Neemrana Pipeline to Ghilot to meet the gas requirements of the same and to set up the zone on 750 acres of land.\"Kumar further shared that \"The existing pipeline network of Sultanpur-Neemrana CJPL spur line, which is currently laid on an 82km area, could easily be extended to Ghilot to meet the needs of the zone. The phase I &amp; II capacity of the Sultanpur-Neemrana spur line is 5.0 MMSCMD and there would be no problem in supplying gas from this pipeline to the Ghilot zone.\"\"The ceramic and glass industry is energy-intensive and natural gas is the most competitive fuel for the industry as it is reasonably priced and economically viable for an industry like glass and ceramic. The gas is also ideal because it is a clean fuel and causes no pollution or sulphur emission and is, thus, ideal for a compact-size plant,\" he elaborated.Naveen Mahajan, managing director, RIICO, informed that \"As Rajasthan is the producer of basic minerals for the ceramic and glass industry, the state government will build a state-of-the-art ceramic and glass hub at Ghilot and would attract investments from both national and international players.\"Mahajan further said that environmental clearances for the proposed hub are underway and the process would be completed in the next 2-3 months.The base price for land at Ghilot would be Rs 2,500 per metre, but there would be higher rebate depending upon investments. \"Ghilot is an ideal location as it is about 100km from Delhi and falls under the dedicated freight corridor. Also, there is easy availability of low-cost skilled manpower,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17642791", "title": "It is not easy to work without support: Janko Tipsarevic", "text": "CHENNAI: While Novak Djokovic may be the best-known Serb in the tennis circuit, his compatriot Janko Tipsarevic is also a force to reckon with. Currently placed No. 8 in world rankings, the bespectacled and heavily tattooed 28 year-old spoke to TOI on a number of issues - from his relationship with Djokovic to why he loves playing DJ. Excerpts:You reached your career-best ranking of world No 8 this year. How do you sum up the last season? It was as my goal to break into the top eight and the fact that I was able to do it this year itself was both satisfying and fulfilling.You first met Novak Djokovic when he was 10 and you were 13 years old. How has the journey been together so far? Well, it helps to have the world's best tennis player as a good friend who is with you when you need him. We do spend quality time and have even holidays together in Maldives.How do you rate him as an opponent? It's never easy playing against Novak. After all, it's not for nothing that he's is the best player in the world for two years in a row now.Serbia has emerged as an unlikely tennis power. How did this happen? It is never easy to work without support. There is no organization that really helped tennis players like me and my compatriots back home. It's only the help from parents early on and our individual hard work that saw us through. We have a lot of youngsters playing tennis now in the country because the sport is more popular than ever before, and I am confident that in the years ahead Serbia will produce more champions. As for me, it's been 13 years that I've been playing for my country now and will continue to do so for as long as I can.How do you rate your chances in Chennai Open this time around? I see it more as a good start to the year. I really hope I can go one step further this year and make a winning finish.What is it about the tournament that helps you to keep coming back? It's a great event. You have been seeing a lot of me in the last few years and every year I try to better my performance. This year I want to go back a winner.Which is more satisfying - a singles title victory or a Davis Cup win? Losing Davis Cup is never easy. Especially for a guy like me who takes it emotionally. We have a great team this year and I hope we can go all the way.Your love for literature is a little unusual. What are you currently reading? These days I am reading a lot on sociology. Currently I like Malcom Gladwell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645246", "title": "Army of law officers draws Punjab opposition's ire", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Appointment of law officers on a mass scale by the cash-strapped Punjab government has invited the wrath of opposition parties.On December 12, the Punjab government had issued orders appointing 16 additional advocate generals, 1 advocate on record, 3 senior deputy advocate generals, 11 deputy advocate generals and 19 assistant advocate generals in the office of advocate general on contract basis, taking the tally of law officers on government duty from 94 to staggering 144. Taking serious note of the development, the Congress will meet the governor seeking more time for the coming wither session of the state assembly as it demands a white paper on financial position of the state, reasoning that \"money is being splurged when there is not enough funds to pay teachers and pension for the aged.'With each additional advocate general commanding a salary of Rs 90,000 per month, the state government will pay over Rs 1 crore every month to this army of law officers hired to fight government's cases in various courts. \"These are all political appointments made to pacify BJP and SAD leaders, with the government not even bothering to check their qualifications and merit before making appointments. This is sheer wastage of money and burden on the already strained finances of the government. When there is not enough money to pay salaries and pension, this kind of mindless splurging cannot be allowed,\" said Sunil Jakhar, leader of the opposition in the assembly.A delegation of Congress MLAs will meet governor Shivraj Patil on Monday seeking more time for the winter session. \"We want a white paper on financial condition of the government. The issues like appointment of law officers will be taken up but the time given to us is too short and we want the house session extended for this,\" said Jakhar.Appointment of law officers has become all the more glaring as the newly released list of 50 law officers has names of relatives of some of Akali and BJP leaders. Also, the issue has become sensitive after Punjab and Haryana high court pulled up the state government recently for \"wasting precious time\" as the law officers were not appearing in cases. Justice L N Mittal had said that the number of law officers in the state were double than the judges yet the officers were not appearing in courts.Reacting to the allegations, principal secretary, home, D S Bains said, \"All appointments have been made purely on merit. The new team has been put in place to facilitate the new advocate general, who took over recently. The appointments are on contract basis and none of the earlier appointees' contracts have been renewed. The Punjab and Haryana high court had passed adverse comments on the absence of a law officer in a case. But that was pertaining to just that case and was not the rule, but an aberration\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17646139", "title": "Randhir Kapoor out of ICU", "text": "Randhir Kapoor was admitted to the Breach Candy hospital on Saturday. The 65-year-old actor had reportedly complained of breathlessness and chest dicomfort, following which he was kept under observation in the intensive care unit (ICU) under senior physician Dr Farukh Udiwala. On Sunday however, he was shifted out of the ICU with his condition showing signs of improvement.Doctors at the hospital said that Kapoor had suffered respiratory distress and is now stable.Incidentally, while the senior Kapoor brother, who was last seen in Sajid Khan's Housefull 2 as Dr Dabboo Kapoor (his nickname in the film industry), was admitted to the hospital, with news of 'RK in Breach Candy' many thought it was his nephew Ranbir who was taken ill.And the Rockstar actor's mother Neetu Singh Kapoor was flooded with phone calls from his co-stars asking her about Ranbir's health. When contacted, she told us, \"I don't know who's saying Ranbir is sick. He is just fine. It's my husband's brother Randhir who went to Breach Candy.\"Confirming Randhir's health is indeed stable at the moment,Neetu added, \"He had to undergo certain tests at the hospital. But there is nothing to worry about and he is not ill. I would rather say that these are very normal tests that the doctor had prescribed for him.\" Raj Kapoor's eldest son, Randhir first appeared as a hero on the silver screen in the 1971 film Kal Aaj Aur Ka l. He rose to stardom with various projects like Raampur Ka Lakshman, Jawani Diwani and Kasme Vaade . But soon, his popularity diminished.And in 1984, Randhir Kapoor quit acting and took up filmmaking. In fact, it was he who, as a producer and director, completed his father's last film Hennain 1991.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643763", "title": "Missing cricketer from Lucknow reaches home in Deoria", "text": "LUCKNOW: The budding cricketer who had gone missing from city on December 11 reached his home at Deoria on Sunday under mysterious circumstances, said police.The police were informed by Brijesh Singh father of Chandraprakash who had gone missing from Narhi on Tuesday night when he had gone out to buy a charger for his mobile.The police have instructed Brijesh to bring his son to Hazratganj police station to give details of the mysterious incident in which two inmates of the hostel informed Brijesh about Chandraprakash's sudden disappearance earlier this week. His phone was also found switched off when his friends and parents tried to contact him.The matter took a serious turn when the friends informed that on the day of his disappearance, Chandraprakash had received a phone call from a girl who told him that he would be kidnapped soon.The friends initially thought the comment was made in a lighter vein but later in the day he actually went missing. Meanwhile, Brijesh told police that he had received a ransom call.Police were constantly monitoring Chandraprakash's phone and traced his locations to Jamshedpur via Deoria and Chhapra. But, on Sunday Hazratganj police were informed that Chandraprakash had reached his native village Bailheemat in Deoria. Before his disappearance the 17-year-old was learning cricketing skills at KD Singh Babu Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643241", "title": "Delhi zoo awaits cougar pair from Russia", "text": "NEW DELHI: A pair of pumas will soon arrive from Russia to join other several foreign-origin species like grey kangaroos and South American jaguars currently housed at the National Zoological Park here.The Central Zoo Authority of India has approved the exchange of a white tigress from Delhi Zoo for a pair of puma, also known as cougar, mountain lion or panther, from Krasnoyarks Park of flora and fauna 'Roev Ruchey' in Russia, officials said.The puma (Felis concolor), weighs around 60-100 kg. The geographic range of the near threatened species is the largest of any terrestrial mammal in the western hemisphere -- from Canada through the US, Central and South America to the southern tip of Chile.The understanding between the two sides was reached during the third meeting of the sub-group on tiger/leopard conservation between India and Russia held in Moscow in September. According to the agreement, India will provide a one or two-year-old white Royal Bengal tigress from Delhi zoo to Krasnoyarks Park located along the Trans-Siberian.\"The exchange of species is expected to happen in three months,\" P S Bonal, member secretary of CZA, said. He said that there is a need of documentation from CITES (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora) administration authorities both in Moscow and New Delhi to complete the process.According to WWF, a nature conservation organisation, the male puma can often patrol areas in excess of 100 square miles, although these will overlap the territories of several females who maintain smaller ranges. A pair of grey kangaroos (Australia), three African antelopes and a pair of jaguars from South America have been introduced in the zoo in the past. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643249", "title": "Some schools plan more points for neighbourhood", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least a few sets of parents will be closer to securing seats for their kids in nursery this year than they would have been in 2011. As schools start planning the distribution of points for admissions through points system, a few are considering increasing the number of points allotted for 'neighbourhood.'At most schools, however, little will change. At Laxman Public School, Gyan Bharti (Saket) and Sanskriti School, the distribution will remain much the same. Bal Bharti School and Springdales School (both on Pusa Road), which draw lots after dividing the seats into categories, the division remains much the same. \"The points for distance vary between 30% and 40%, the same as last year. There isn't a major deviation from last year,\" said S K Bhattacharya, president, Acting Committee of Private Recognised Unaided Schools of Delhi.There are a few exceptions. Ashutosh Batta, principal, Bloom Public School, says they have increased the number of points allotted to \"neighbourhood\" from 40 last year to 50. The school has reduced the categories to just two \u00e2\u20ac\u201d neighbourhood and sibling/alumni \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and 50 points have been 50 assigned to each. Plus, a candidate won't get points for both sibling and alumni. \"For distance, we have set the limit to 10km ,\" says Batta.Another school that's going against the trend is Ahlcon International School in Mayur Vihar. \"We will meet the managing committee on Tuesday. We are seriously considering giving more weight to neighbourhood,\" says principal, Ashok Pandey. Even Delhi Public School, R K Puram may follow suit. \"The managing committee is yet to meet but we are exploring if there's any possibility for increase,\" says principal D R Saini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17644628", "title": "Jacintha's body arrives, funeral today", "text": "MANGALORE: The body of Jacintha Saldanha, a nurse at London's King Edward VII hospital, arrived at the Mangalore airport on Sunday.Jacintha's husband Ben Barboza and their children Lisha and Junal accompanied the body. Jacintha, 46, was found dead after she became the victim of a royal hoax call pulled off by two RJs from Australia's 2Day FM channel.The body, which arrived from Mumbai in a Jet Airways flight, was taken in a private hospital ambulance to the morgue of KMC Hospital in Manipal.Family sources said the body will be brought to Shirva at 2pm on Monday and taken to Our Lady of Health Church at Shirva for public homage at 3pm. The mass and funeral ceremony will be held at 4pm.Ben and his family members didn't entertain persistent media queries at the airport. They pushed their way through a knot of journalists and photographers and got into a waiting vehicle at the airport.Before emerging from the airport terminal, AICC general secretary and MP Oscar Fernandes and his wife Blossom spoke to Ben and his family.Shaielesh Mule, a photojournalist who was on the same flight as Ben, told TOI that Ben sought to protect his privacy in the flight and did not wish to be photographed. \"He was among the last to board the flight at Mumbai,\" Shaielesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644279", "title": "Illegal buildings constructions demolished at Bibvewadi", "text": "PUNE: Unauthorized constructions, spread over a 10,500 sq ft area in Bibvewadi, were razed by the Pune Municipal Corporation in a demolition drive on Saturday. Constructions illegally extended on the sides and front margins of 44 commercial establishments were brought down.Five civic officials oversaw the demolition which was carried out with 25 labourers and 25 policemen.\"Many constructions were on parking spaces. Notices were issued to these people to remove the encroachments. But since the orders were not followed, their constructions were demolished,\" a PMC press note stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17645088", "title": "Recently married youth dies in mishap", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 29-year-old youth, who got married on November 18, died in a road mishap on Saturday night on L&T; bypass road near Kanjikonampalayam Pirivu on the outskirts of the city.The deceased was identified as A Kannan, of Balaji Street near Vilankurichi in Peelamedu. Police said Kannan worked at a private firm in Saravanampatti. He was a part-time student, doing his second year BE (mechanical) at Karpagam group of institutions. On Saturday night, he was returning home on his bike, from the institution. When he neared Kanjikonampalayam Pirivu on L&T; bypass road, an unidentified vehicle dashed against him and he sustained severe head injuries, dying on the spot.Chettipalayam police was alerted by witnesses. The police sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem. The body was handed over to his relatives on Sunday afternoon.Chettipalayam police have registered a case and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645952", "title": "Vishal takes charge of Emraan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s love song", "text": "Anxious about his most sensuous composition ever, the filmmaker-composer will choreograph a song for Ek Thi Daayan, which is being directed by a debutantVishal Bhardwaj is not the kind of producer who interferes with his directors, no matter how wet behind the ears they are. However, in the case of Ek Thi Daayan , a super-natural thriller, he is willing to make an exception. The filmmaker-composer will make his debut as a choreographer for a sensuous song in the film with Emraan Hashmi and Huma Qureshi.The song has been set to music by Bhardwaj and has lyrics by Gulzar. Debutant director Kannan Iyer seems only too happy to step aside for his producer-composer: \"This is one of Vishal Bhardwaj's most sensuous compositions ever. And being as involved as he is with his music, he wanted to choreograph the song himself. After all, he understand the nuances of this song better than any one else.\" There seems to be another reason why Bhardwaj decided to literally call the shots for this song sequence - it stars Emraan. And given his romantic image and track record with love songs, no one in the team wanted to take chances. And despite his busy schedule - he is wrapping up Matru Ki Bijli - Bhardwaj has promised to wield the mega phone over the next couple of days for Ek Thi Daayan . As for Emraan, this would be his second super-natural thriller after Raaz3. \"Emraan is happy with the decision; he does not want to let go of the momentum,\" says a source close to the developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17645172", "title": "Bhattis drive home traffic safety message", "text": "JALANDHAR: Giving a meaningful turn to their personal trauma, late satirist-actor Jaspal Bhatti's wife Savita and son Jasraj are spreading the traffic safety message.Citing the example of his father, who died in a road accident, Jasraj has been harping on the importance of wearing the seat belt at most of the programmes.During one such function at KMV College by Rotary Club , Jasraj candidly told the audience, most of them young girls, that had his father put on the seat belt while sitting on the rear seat, he would have been among \"us\".\"People loved my father and felt a personal void after his death. As people hear me, I want to use this opportunity to spread awareness about traffic safety so that precious lives can be saved,\" Jasraj told TOI on Sunday. He revealed that he was also working on the idea of making short films on traffic safety norms and their significance. Savita also chipped in to make people aware about the traffic etiquettes.Jasraj screened the film \"Ladla Driver\" made by late Bhatti on underage drivers to the audience at KMV.\"Our family always has been following rules and we always wear seat belts on the front seats. But as seat belt on the back seat is not mandatory, we tend to downplay its importance. Both my father and Navneet Joshi, who was also sitting on the rear seat, died while two of us who were sitting on the front seats wearing seat belts survived with minor injuries,\" said Jasraj.Along with Jasraj, Harman Sidhu, who is confined to wheelchair after serious spinal injury in a car accident in 1995 and runs an NGO in the region on traffic safety, also told the gathering that he and Bhattis were there to make people learn from their mistakes and lapses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17647354", "title": "India's tactics surprise James Anderson", "text": "NAGPUR: James Anderson looked quite relaxed after Day 4. He knew England have given themselves a very good chance to seal the series. Just one day of good cricket and this team will break 28-year-old jinx.Anderson has toured thrice here for the Test series but somehow couldn't get the success. This tour, however, was different. They played as a team, backed themselves and are now on verge of creating history.India too needed to make things happen on the fourth morning but failed to do so. Anderson was surprised with India's tactics of not pushing the score.\"We were bit surprised and spoke about that this morning. First thing, we expected them to declare. We certainly thought Ashwin will come out being more aggressive than he was. But to be honest, we played really well too in that session. We kept them out for an hour but they still didn't get ahead of us and we took time out of the game, which is good for us,\" he said.While the Indians were defensive, England too weren't aggressive either. Anderson justified England's tactics.\"I am not sure that pitch really allows to be very attacking. We saw yesterday with two of India's most attacking batsmen Dhoni and Kohli (at the crease), the run rate was just 2 and above for most of the day. So it's not that the pitch where you up the run rate. Both teams had to set very negative field because that's what the pitch allows you to do. We just tried to bat normally. We were not particularly defensive or particularly offensive. The guys occupying the crease need some time,\" he said.On a dull day, where only 190 runs were scored, the Trott incident sparked the things up. However, Anderson feels there's no tension between the teams and these things are part and parcel of the game. \"I am not sure. I think I saw Dhoni was laughing about it. So I don't think it was a catalyst. But I think when we are in midst of a tough and crucial Test match, things are going to get heated from time to time. Two teams want to win a game of cricket with a series lining up, you inevitably do it time to time,\" said the England spearhead.Asked whether this incident could affect Trott on the last day, Anderson answered in negative. \"No I think he quite enjoys it. Some batsmen are really determined. I think he is the guy who relishes that sort of battle and he can really try stuck it,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643072", "title": "Bar council wants CJ to frame rules for transfer of cases in courts", "text": "JAIPUR: In an effort to end corrupt practices in courts, a general house meeting of Bar Council of Rajasthan (BCR) has resolved that in case any lawyer is found to be a relative of a judge hearing his case and misuses his position to get the case moved out of that judge's court, it will be deemed to be a professional misconduct.\"We have resolved that in any litigation, if a lawyer, who is relative of the judge holding the roaster, files a petition merely to get the case moved out of that court and subsequently the lawyer abstains from arguing the case or some other lawyer substitutes him including a designated senior, it shall be deemed to be a professional misconduct liable to be punished,\" said Sanjay Sharma, chairman of the council.The council has also resolved to ask the Chief Justice of Rajasthan High Court to frame rules of transferring of cases after they are marked 'exception' of a particular judge owing to the appearance of a particular lawyer. \"We want that in all such cases the Chief Justice must himself look into the matter and ascertain that there is no foul play by 'uncle judges.' In case if the lawyer filing his power withdraws from arguing the matter or is substituted by any other arguing counsel including a senior advocate, the matter should relegate back to the original judge holding the roaster,\" said Sanjay.The BCR is the apex body of lawyers to control their licence of practice, welfare and complaints against their misconduct under the law. \"We have constituted 12 anti-corruption committees to look into the charges of corrupt practices in high court and lower courts and the result of the complaint will be sent to the Chief Justice for necessary action. The council has also opposed the manner in which all India Bar entrance examination is being held in Rajasthan without providing adequate number of question papers and making necessary arrangements,\" he said.The BCR has also decided that the upper age limit for a lawyer to take up Additional Public Prosecutor appointment through RPSC should be enhanced upto 40 years and for this a communication has been sent to the concerned state officials. The council has also decided to tie up with specialized hospitals in state to provide cheap medical aid to lawyers and their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "one man, one mission", "code": "17644652", "title": "His dream is to see Indians gallop into fame", "text": "One man, one mission: to put India on the international equestrian map and win an Olympic gold. Jitendra Virwani, chairman of Embassy group, understands that India's got talent and believes that Indian marksmen and riders have the ability to successfully compete against the best in the world. The marksmen have done it: Abhinav Bindra , Gagan and Vijay Kumar. Now, it is the turn of the horsemen.\"What we lack is horse power. We need good warmblood horses to showcase our talent in international equestrian events. The well-bred show jumpers from Germany and the Netherlands cost a lot of money --- 20,000 to 50,000 euros. The fact is that we can't beat the best on thoroughbreds. So I have brought home more than a dozen warmbloods from Germany and the top riders from Embassy Riding School are enjoying the exercise while progressively attaining the international marks,\" he said.After his family lost a fortune in flat racing, Jitu, as he is known, decided that he will try and achieve fame, and not money, with the horse. A passionate horse lover, Jitu pointed to Indian history. \"Indian history boasts of great Indian kings and warriors. From Prithviraj Chauhan, Shivaji to Tipu Sultan. We do have the genetic line...what our boys need is support,\" said Jitu, adding that he has arranged to train the best under qualified coaches in Germany.After former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa wanted to shift the race course out of the city, beer baron and horse owner Vijay Mallya was ready to strike a deal with the Embassy group to construct a new course on the 150-acre land at the Embassy Riding School. \"Well, the offer was made. But after a couple of discussions, I backed out as I didn't want to associate with a sport which hit my family hard,\" said Jitu.A product of Christ College, Jitu joined his father Mohan Virwani in 1985 in his real estate business when he was just 19 years old. \"We were up against big sharks and bigger players but we have done reasonably well,\" said Jitu, declaring that an Indian jumping 1.8M on a horse will give him a bigger kick than constructing a 100-storey building.Declaring that top civilian riders like Ajai Appachu and Nadia Haridass are India's main hope, Jitu has set up a talent scouting camp. The Italian lass, Silva Storai, the only woman to win two Derby races in flat racing and who heads the Embassy equestrian operations, has roped in a good number of kids from across the country.Despite the fact that the civilians are now beating the army riders hands down, Jitu is disappointed that the Equestrian Federation Of India (EFI) is judging the performances of the civilians with a jaundiced eye while toeing the army line. \"It is not fair. The EFI should initiate the equestrian movement in all states and should conduct free and fair elections. That's not happening and that is the biggest hurdle we need to scale before we make a mark on the international scene,'' said Jitu.Silva Storai, while endorsing his view on the army control, pointed to the many juniors who were training for the Junior nationals scheduled to be held at the ASC campus from Dec 23.Said Jitu: \"A decade ago, for most kids, riding was just a hobby. Today, many are taking it up as a profession. More importantly, parents are encouraging their children to chase their passion and that's a good sign.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644875", "title": "One of injured called friends for help", "text": "Sanjana, Shikha Bhandari, Heerr Shah, Utsa, Sneha and Ladhani were injured and have been admitted to Global Hospitals in suburban Perumbakkam and Apollo Hospitals in the city. \"One of them managed to pull out her cellphone and call her friends, who were in another car ahead of them,\" the officer said. \"They rushed to the spot and called the 108 ambulance service.\"A classmate who did not wish to be named said Aakriti and her friends liked to party on weekends. \"They usually took turns to host parties,\" she said. \"They were fun-loving and were always together.\"Police handed over Dhingra's body to her parents after taking it to Government Royapettah Hospital for an autopsy. The Adyar traffic police are investigating the accident. They have registered a case under IPC Sections 279 (rash driving), 337 (endangering the life of others) and 304 (A) (causing death due to negligence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643424", "title": "South Delhi 'park' turns dump site", "text": "NEW DELHI: A huge tract of land in Masjid Moth Phase-I, originally intended to be used as a park, has become a dump yard of sorts, much to the chagrin of residents of the adjacent DDA colony. They say this place has had several fires in the past, the latest one in June this year.The 6.2 acre land, which was earlier a DDA park, officially belongs to Transco, which had got the land to set up a substation there in 2004.But residents had protested and the government asked the power generator to develop a portion of the land as park. \"At the time of transfer, this portion was quite green, which is why Transco couldn't do any construction here,\" said V S Tondon, president of the Masjid Moth resident's welfare association.After the construction, Transco built a boundary wall around the substation. Three years back, residents had approached Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit to get a portion of the land to develop it as a park. On Dikshit's direction, Transco had given a small portion of the land to the RWA which was developed as a park.Now, RWA wants the power generator to develop the unused area, which is being used as a dump yard, into a park. \"If Transco can maintain it, then we don't have a problem. We just want there should be optimal use of the land. We don't want Transco to handover the land to us. All we want is that we should be allowed to use the land,\" said Vijeta Lakhanpal, vice-president of the RWA.Residents say that the colony doesn't have big parks. \"They have beautifully developed the small portion which was given to them. The land which has been turned into a dumpyard can be maintained by them too. This was the only playground %in this area. Kids from GK-I, GK-II, CR Park and Masjid Moth used to play here,\" said Keshav Aggarwal, a resident of Chitranjan Park.Transco spokesperson Rishi Raj said they will clean the area and level it. \"But we can't allow RWA to develop it into a park due to security and safety reasons. Also, as the demand for power is increasing with each passing year, we will need to expand our existing setup. The land will be used then,\" he said.However, the residents claim that till that time, they should be allowed to use the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645476", "title": "Shawarma poisoning cases suspected to be propaganda", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The results of the examination conducted by the food safety officials on the cases of 'Shawarma poisoning', have raised doubts that the anti-Shawarma propaganda was part of a campaign targeted at some joints that served the Arabian delicacy. Food safety officials said medical examination conducted on victims could not find any trace of food poison in them.After the incidents of alleged Shawarama poisonings in the city in the last couple of months many hotels have stopped serving the dish.Shawarma attracted public criticism with the death of a 21-year-old on July allegedly after having Shawarma, in Thiruvananthapuram. Demand for the dish went down in the city after a boy was hospitalized in Changanassery with symptoms of food poisoning after having Shawarma from a restaurant near Kozhikode railway station on October 5, 2012.But the officials could not find any trace of food poison in the boy after the medical examination. The hotel was served a closure notice because stale food was found at the hotel on a previous occasion. There was also a case against the employees of the hotel for blocking the officials from discharging their duty.There were three incidents of 'Shawarma poisoning' in the city and two hoax calls about the sale of unhygienic Shawarma. Food safety officials said the doctors who examined the victims of food poison could not find any symptom of food poison. \"Medical reports of the youths showed that they were not affected with food poisoning. The ESR (Erithrocyte Sedimentation Rate) and RBC count of the persons were also found normal by the doctors who conducted examination,\" said the officials.\"Besides, if the case is related to food poisoning the medical officer in the region should submit a report to the higher ups and no such procedure was followed in the Changanassery case, said an official with the food safety department adding that the boy might have felt uneasiness after eating Shawarma owing to some other reasons.Officials suspect the involvement of vested interests in spreading fear against Shawarma.A healthy dish, if prepared in hygienic conditionsAn Arabian dish, Shawarma, was introduced in Malabar in the early 90s. Made of chicken or beef, this Arabian delicacy conquered the hearts of many because of its different taste. Seasoned chicken or beef is stacked on a vertical or horizontal spit for preparing Shawarma. Strips of fat are stacked alternatively with flavoured meat.The meat layers, on the rotating spit will be shaved off while cooking for serving. Shawarma is served either as pita bread sandwich or wrap made with Shawarma meat. The meat is roasted slowly on all sides as the spit rotates in front of, or over, a flame for hours.\"Though Shawarma is a healthy food, if prepared hygienically, open cooking and use of stale meat for the preparation can create problem,\" said food safety officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17649602", "title": "Corporation Bank holds biz review conference", "text": "GUWAHATI: Corporation Bank, a premier public sector bank of the country, organized a business review conference of its branches situated in the northeast recently. The bank has 12 branches across the northeast and is planning to increase its presence in the region.Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing director of the bank, addressed the branch heads of the northeast and reviewed their performances. Jai Kumar Garg, circle general manager of the Kolkata circle, was also present during the review conference.Kumar said the total business of the bank as on September 30 this year stood at Rs 2,41,899 crore as compared to Rs 2,02,247 crore recorded on the same day last year. Business per employee has gone up from Rs 15.47 crore as recorded on September 30 last year to Rs17.41 crore on September 30 this year.\"The business per branch has also improved from Rs 147.09 crore as on September 30 last year to Rs151.09 crore on September 30 this year,\" he added.Kumar said the deposits of the bank has gone up to Rs 1,43,738 crore as on September 30 this year from Rs 1,20,613 crore as recorded on September 30 last year.To boost agri lending, gold loan shoppe have been opened by the bank in seven places and 60 specialized gold loan cells will be made functional very soon.The Corporation Bank has also facilitated online opening of deposits to its retail and corporate customers through CorpNet - Internet Banking Platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17644853", "title": "Couple succumb to burns", "text": "MADURAI: A husband and wife, who sustained burn injuries in a fire accident at home, succumbed at the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai on Sunday.The victims were identified as Karupaiya, 29, son of Chinnasamy of Vadakku Street in Valayankulam village, 12-km away from Srivilliputhur town and his wife Rajalakshmi, 23, who is a native of Pattampudhur near Virudhunagar. While Karupaiya died late on Saturday night, Rajalakshmi succumbed to her injuries on Sunday morning, said a police source.Both sustained injuries during a stove blast, which took place in their home on December 13. Rajalakshmi was cooking when the incident occurred. Rajalakshmi started screaming after the fire spread on to her. Karupaiya rushed to kitchen and tried to put off the fire. Unfortunately, he too sustained injuries in the incident, said the police.They were brought to a private hospital in Madurai on the same day. Since their health condition worsened, they were shifted to the GRH, where they succumbed not responding to the treatment. The dead bodies have been handed over to their relatives after an autopsy, added the police source. The couple married five years back and have a three-year-old son. Based on a complaint, Nathampatti police has registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645438", "title": "Documents to check before buying a house", "text": "Buying your own home may be a cherished dream, but it doesn't take much for it to turn into a nightmare. Given that real estate is among our most expensive purchases, landing a lemon can prove to be a financial disaster. The only way to avoid such a situation is to take time out to conduct due diligence before finalising any property deal. Of course, a reliable shortcut is to buy into a project that is backed by financial intermediaries like banks. You can also engage a lawyer to carry out due diligence, but as a smart buyer, it's best to pore through the documents yourself. Here is a checklist of documents that you should peruse before signing on the dotted line.Projects under constructionThe first thing one should do in the case of projects that are still under construction is to make sure that the builder has all the necessary approvals in place, without which it would be considered illegal. The first of these is the permission to develop land into a residential complex. Builders need to get government approval to convert agricultural land or even land specially designated for industrial purposes into a residential area. If the builder has gone ahead without securing this approval, the entire project is illegal . In addition, there are environmental and municipal clearances to factor in. For instance, the builder has to ensure that his project does not interfere with the urban and town planning, and that it has unrestricted road access. Next, find out if the builder has the authority to transfer the undivided share of land to each flat owner and the entire plot to the society, on completion of the project. A Knight Frank research report on 'Parameters for Buying a Home' mentions that you should also ensure the builder does not reserve any right on your portion of the apartment, such as balconies or terraces. Lastly, never forget that there's many a slip between the blueprint and the final product. The developers tend to charge a premium for additional features, such as a swimming pool or designer furniture. However, unless you ask the builder to incorporate all the promised features in the agreement and make provisions for penalty in case of non-fulfilment , you stand on shaky ground. Also, watch out for the fine print: builders may slip in a clause in the agreement, stating that they reserve the right to alter any of the promised features. To be safe, take a look at the approved construction plans and ensure if they match what has been promised to you. Ask the builder to show you the requisite permits from the concerned authorities. While the approved construction plans have to be mandatorily displayed at the construction site at all times, all the important approvals should be available at the builder's office. Under the Transfer of Property Act and Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act, a seller is required to disclose all facts relating to the property , which includes the various permissions secured by him. In case a builder refuses to do so, a prospective buyer has recourse under the same Acts. In addition to these documents, you should also take a look at the Commencement Certificate for projects in Mumbai. As the name suggests, this certificate is given to the builder to begin construction only after he has obtained all the requisite clearances.Independent home owner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644673", "title": "Ironer breakdown leaves some Goa medical college wards sans linen", "text": "PANAJI: Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) has to not only treat patients referred to it by other government hospitals but also literally wash the dirty linen generated by these hospitals as well.Result: Its flatwork ironer (equipment to dry and iron bed sheets) is continuously overused. Also, other equipment used in the laundry--washers, hydro extractor (to squeeze clothes) breakdown often due to over use.Last week, for two days, the ironing machine had to be shut to replace the \"padding\" that had worn-out. As a result, some GMC wards had to do without bed linen.\"Padding has to be replaced every year for better usage but it's done seldom. Ideally, there should be also spare linen in storage to be used in an emergency so that operations are not postponed due to shortage of linen,\" an administrative officer said.The flatwork ironer started functioning from Saturday and laundry employees who had to do double shifts while it was in repairs, heaved a sigh of relief. \"We had to work in double shifts due to the crises,\" a laundry employee at GMC said.Despite that GMC could not maintain regular supply of clean linen. \"An old drier was put in use but it can't match the capacity of the flatwork ironer. Some wards got linen that is half their regular quota,\" a laundry employee told TOI.The flat work ironer is capable of drying and pressing 1,500 to 2,000 sheets a day whereas the other dryer takes half hour to dry just 20 sheets. \"It's not of much use because sheets also get crumpled while being dried. Besides, it takes a long time to dry clothing,\" he said.The flatwork ironer is relatively new, some five years old, when compared to other equipment such as washers and hydro extractors that are 20 years old.\"There are four washers and four hydro extractors but they break down frequently due to overuse. The industrial life of the machines is long over,\" an employee handling the laundry machines said.Confirming that the problem has been taken care of, and supply of linen to wards has been restored, GMC medical superintendent Dr Sunanda Amonkar said, \"The purchase department has initiated a process to procure new washers and hydro extractors to replace old ones. The tendering process will follow shortly.\"The GMC laundry has been burdened as it has to wash the laundry of all government hospitals in the state. The new district hospital in Mapusa, commissioned last year, does not have its own laundry unit.The TB hospital at St Inez has its own laundry, but it has not been operational for the last two years. \"They have not bothered to repair their washer and we wash their linen,\" an employee said. As a result GMC washes about 3,500 to 4,000 items a day in its laundry, though what comes from its hospital is 2,500 dirty items a day", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644120", "title": "No help for the hearing impaired in the country", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 6% population of India suffers from some hearing difficulty, making it one of the countries with the highest number of hearing impaired. Of these, one in 1,000 people are born with hearing defect, while one in 10,000 children have a structural anomaly, rendering their ears too small to be able to hear well. Despite such high density of hearing-impaired population, the country does not extend a lot of help to these people, believe doctors.These doctors had assembled in the city to attend the annual conference of Vidarbha branch of Association of Otolaryngologists of India, organised in association with ENT department of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences (NKPSIMS).\"With the high birth rate in the country, the number of people suffering from anomalies also increases. Moreover, not taking enough care within the first three months of pregnancy makes a woman and the unborn baby susceptible to many viral infections that can lead to congenital hearing defects,\" said Dr Vivek Harkare, head of the ENT department at NKPSIMS. He also said that several new techniques have come up that can help such children.Loss of hearing can also be caused by accidents, infections, aging and certain drugs like those used to treat tuberculosis , said renowned ENT surgeon from Mumbai's KEM Hospital Dr Hetal Patel. \"Conventional hearing aids have given way to bone anchored hearing aids (BAHA) which make use of bones of the skull to conduct sound towards the brain. These are especially helpful for kids with small or no outer ears,\" she said.She also spoke about cochlear implants, an option that is used when no hearing aids can be used by a hearing-impaired person. \"Originally developed to correct age-related hearing loss, the implants have proven very useful in case of children born without the ability to hear. However, the surgery should be done before five years of age as it becomes difficult to teach them to speak at an older age,\" she said. Dr Patel believes that neonatal screening should be done to assess hearing so that most of the kids born with the defect can be helped in time.Secretary of AOI, Vidarbha Dr Prashant Nikhade said that with the cost of a cochlear implant being high, there was a necessity of government aid for these children as many of them come from economically backward families.Dr Patel said that governments of states like Kerala and Andhra Pradesh have extended some help in this regard.Few people come forward, however, to seek help even after knowing something is wrong with their hearing, said Pune-based ENT surgeon Dr Sandeep Karmarkar. \"Today, every class has a few students with spectacles on but even if there is one student who uses a hearing aid, he is mocked at. This social stigma and non-acceptance of the disability makes the suffering worse,\" he said.He warned that infections occurring during childhood should never be neglected as they have been known to recur during adulthood with more severity. \"Sometimes, these infections can even lead to complications like brain infections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644146", "title": "Process starts to fill up vacancies in Naxal areas", "text": "NAGPUR: The circular issued by chief secretary JS Banthia following an order by the Bombay high court has finally woken up the top government officials, who have now started the process of filling up vacant posts in tribal areas. Banthia had taken a meeting in Gadchiroli and directed the district administration to suspend employees who don't take charge within 15 days.However, the officials have kept transfer as the last option and want to fill up the posts through promotions and new recruitments. The December 31 deadline set by Banthia will be missed in all likelihood as the winter session has affected regular administrative work.Every department has set up a three-member committee to fill up the vacant posts. They have identified the vacant posts, officials and employees who are eligible for promotion, and possibility of fresh recruitments.Nagpur divisional commissioner BV Gopal Reddy said presently there were not many vacant Class I and II posts in tribal areas of the division. The vacancy in class III and IV posts was between 3% and 4%, which was normal. \"We have made a lot of progress in filling up vacancies. Some officers are being transferred too.\"Gadchiroli additional collector Sanjay Dhivare said vacant posts in sensitive areas would be filled up through promotions. \"We will float an advertisement for fresh recruitment in Class III and IV after the session.\" Collector Abhishek Krishna said as there was no ban on recruitment in Gadchiroli district, the number of vacancies was less and the remaining ones would be filled up soon.Gadchiroli MLA Namdeo Usendi, however, pointed out that around 40% Class I and II posts were vacant in the district. \"There are large-scale vacancies in district hospital, ZP, collectorate, etc. The Mantralaya has an anti-Gadchiroli attitude. The officers who want to come here are posted elsewhere,\" he charged.Amravati collector RR Mahiwal said class III and IV posts in Melghat, Dharni and Chikhaldara talukas were being filled up by transferring employees posted elsewhere in the district. \"Most of the vacancies are in health and ICDS departments. We will also post fresh recruits there,\" he said.A senior officer in Mantralaya told TOI, \"Lobbying has already started for preventing a possible transfer to tribal areas. Officials hailing from Konkan, Western Maharashtra and Marathwada are mounting pressure on the government to transfer only those belonging to Vidarbha as these areas were near their native places,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647314", "title": "SVSC star attractions", "text": "Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh are genrally known to be reserve at public functions but at the audio launch of their upcoming film Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, things were different. Both were seen in cheerful moods, exchanging pleasantries and bonding big time like real-life brothers. Mahesh and Venkatesh walked into the music launch with their sons who have hogged all the limelight.Gautham, son of Mahesh Babu and Arjun, son of Venkatesh, have grabbed all eye balls at the event. Paparazzis captured the kids' innocent looks and juvenile gestures and what more, the crowd went berserk when both them have unveiled the music CD's of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17643318", "title": "Kumar Dharmasena gets Alastair Cook again!", "text": "NAGPUR: Alastair Cook was a run machine till he came to Nagpur. The England skipper, who started his Test career here in 2006 and scored a hundred on debut, wouldn't like remember this Test.He succumbed to bad decisions in both innings, both from the same umpire \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kumar Dharmasena. If he was unlucky to be given out LBW in the first innings, on Sunday he was given out caught behind when replays suggested his bat had made no contact with the ball.Apart from the rank bad decisions, though, Cook didn't look like the batsman who scored three tons in his previous three Tests. While he scored one off 28 deliveries in the first innings, on Sunday he took 27 deliveries to get off the mark and another 27 to get to the next.He eventually made 13 off 93 balls. However, if England go on to draw this game, Cook will surely forgive Dharmasena.Even Nick Compton was wrongly given out LBW, when in fact there was a thick inside edge which lobbed to Kohli at gully. If the Decision Review System (DRS) was there, maybe his mode of dismissal could have been changed.But then, with the DRS around, Cook wouldn't have gone so cheaply, and numerous umpiring errors throughout the series could have been rectified to an extent. But then, is the BCCI listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645135", "title": "Accident rips apart three families in sector 25", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Weighed down by the enormous tragedy, a numb silence greeted Ashok Kumar, a relative of one of the victims of the accident that took place near Narwana in Jind district on Sunday, when he brought the bodies to Sector 25. The accident ripped apart three families living in the sector. The bodies of the devotees, who were going to attend a satsang of Dera Sacha Sauda in Sirsa, were brought in two vehicles.The deceased included Ved Pal, 40, his wife Raj Bala, 35, Pala Ram, 50, his wife Phulo Devi, 45, and 15-year-old Sonam. The three distantly related families had been living in Sector 25 for the last 30 years. Ashok, a relative of Ved Pal, went to Narwana after receiving news of the accident. Narrow streets of Sector 25 bursted with mourners when the funeral procession started at around 3.45pm. Around 200 dera followers from neighbouring states joined the procession. According to Ved Pal's neighbour Savitri Devi, \"Ved Pal, his wife Raj Bala and son Monu, along with others, started their journey in his mini truck around 10pm on Saturday. We received news of the accident around 7am.\"Ved Pal was a scrap dealer. His son Monu, who was driving the vehicle, survived but was critically injured. He is undergoing treatment at PGI along with his youngest sister Shivani. Papu and Pinki lost their daughter Sonam in the accident while they survived. Their relative Kanchana Devi is having a difficult time trying to console her distraught 12-year-old daughter Reena, who was close to Sonam. \"My daughter was Sonam's classmate. She has been crying for the last eight hours,\" Kanchana said. Sonam's younger sister Pooja sustained serious injuries and is being treated at PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17643035", "title": "With no help coming, Pak Hindus spend winter in open", "text": "JODHPUR: Nearly a month after chief minister Ashok Gehlot visited the camp of Pakistani Hindu migrants and assured them of all help, they continue to fend for themselves in the open. Though these migrants have been staying here for the past three months, none from the administration has turned up to help them.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot had visited the camp of these migrants a month back and distributed blankets. Prem Chand, a volunteer of Seemant Lok Sangathan (SLS), working for the rehabilitation of these migrants, said: \"We had been assured of shelter in the presence of the chief minister but none had turned up to talk to us in this regard. Besides this, we were also told that land has been identified at Chokha village for us, but that too has not progressed yet.\"Though individual donors and those from the corporate sector have offered help by providing them food, tents and blankets, the administration has not kept the promises made during the visit of Gehlot. \"If the issue of their shelter is not addressed on time, it will be difficult to accommodate them as there is a steady influx,\" said president of SLS, H S Sodha.In the absence of any such help, not only these migrants are finding it difficult to ward off the cold but are also falling victim to the selfish motives of some people. Recently, they were lured by a property dealer to be accommodated at a land. When some of them shifted there, they found cheated and returned.There is also a district-level committee for deliberations on this issue with the district collector being the chairman and Sodha being the only non-government member but not a single meeting of this committee has taken place for the past one year.On the other hand, the lackadaisical attitude of the government at the Centre in addressing the issue of their permanent settlement and citizenship has constantly deprived them of the benefits, which they can draw only if they are citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645180", "title": "'Minithon' garners 5,000 participants", "text": "NASHIK: Around 5,000 people participated in the fifth Ambad Rotary Sapkal Minithon, organized to create awareness about polio eradication, at the Golf Club ground on Sunday. People of various age groups participated in the run.The event began with the national anthem followed by a welcome ceremony. The dignitaries present released tri-coloured balloons carrying the message of global peace.The marathon was run in three distance categories for men, under-17 girls, under-18 boys and under-14 girls and boys. The winners were given cash prizes by the chief guest, revenue commissioner Ravindra Jadhav, international athlete Kavita Raut, Monika Athreya, coach Vijendra Singh and Rotary Ambad president Sunil Deshpande.Results: Men's open: Datta Borse-1, Suresh Wagh-2, Kantilal Kumbhar-3; Under-17 girls: Anjana Thamke-1, Priyanka Thakur-2, Anjali Thete-3; Under-18 boys: Kisan Tadvi-1, Hiraman Pillai-2, Prabhu Pardeshi-3; Under-14 girls: Durga Deore-1, Sayali Menge-2, Laxmi Dive-3; U-14 boys: Dinesh Vasave-1, Namdeo Khade-2, Nitin Gavit-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645183", "title": "NGO begins campaign to free Nashik of garbage", "text": "NASHIK: With the aim of making Nashik garbage-free and clean, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Sunday commenced a campaign in the city through Mumbai-based NGO Amulya Clean-up Services, which is affiliated to Sevak Pratishthan.From Sunday, littering has become an offence in the civic limits, with those flouting the norms liable to be fined. The NMC administration had recently issued a notification in this connection. Amulya Services, which is already implementing the project in Mumbai and Surat, will carry out cleanliness drives in the city and also fine offenders.Rahul Gujrathi, co-ordinator of Amulya Services, said, \"Initially, our focus will be on creating awareness. We will start taking punitive action after two or three days. A decision on this will be taken after a discussion with the municipal commissioner.\" NMC health officer S G Hiray said, \"Amulya commenced the garbage-free drive in the city on Sunday, but it did not fine anyone as it was the first day of the campaign. Fines will be imposed in a few days.\"Punitive action will be taken against those littering public places and those throwing nirmalya (prayer flowers) in the Godavari. The fine amount will range from Rs 100 to Rs 10,000. The amount will be doubled if an individual or organisation commits the offence a second time. The amount collected through fines will be shared between the NGO and the NMC in a 60:40 ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649717", "title": "City within city in Dubai", "text": "This year, I will be completing 13 years of my stay in Dubai, a city in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). On December2, 2012, it was the UAE's National Day and the country celebrated its 41stanniversary. It was exactly on December 2, 1971, the United Arab Emirates was formed.Under the theme \"Spirit of Union\", which is derived from the historic meeting of the late Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan with rulers of the emirates to announce the formation of the UAE on December 2, 1971, the country marks on December 2, 2012 its 41st National Day. The streets, buildings and landmarks across the UAE were being illuminated elaborately to reflect the grandeur of this important occasion. Impressive array of events and programs open to all UAE nationals and residents were lined up to instill loyalty and pride among all, and to salute the nation's rich history, culture and achievements.On December 2, 2012, I woke up in the morning with a loud sound on my blackberry, indicating the arrival of one SMS. I ignored it for some time and there goes the second sound of another SMS. Every day I (or shall I say, we) receive numerous unwanted marketing SMSs and it is also bit common here in Dubai too. I opened the SMS and was amazed and thrilled looking at the SMS. It was SMS from His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum himself. The message was very sweet, congratulating me on the National Day and giving me good wishes. This gesture touched my heart. I may be one of the millions of expatriates living in this country but it is something special to receive a personalized message from the ruler of the country himself.Though being an expat here, I could not resist but to put a UAE National flag sticker on my car, with a sense of pride, offering my gratitude and appreciations to this nation and its visionary rulers.Over the years, I have witnessed the progress and modernization of this city. The economic model of Dubai is impressive and inspiring. As years pass by, this city is becoming ultra-modern, attracting millions of visitors annually and one of the lucrative business hub. I am sure all of you must be aware that the tallest tower of the world, BurjKhalifa(about 828 meters - around 2,716.5 feet) is proudly standing in Dubai. It was just an unforgettable visual to see this high, huge and impressive structure illuminating on that night.In order to improve its infrastructure, Dubai also has Metro rail. The work officially began in the year 2006 and the metro was operational exactly on 09/09/09, in the year of 2009. It offers efficient and convenient commute to all parts of Dubai, with very minimum ticket fares. Dubai Metro has been a real blessing for its residence.While I can go on and on to share many of Dubai's amazing and interesting facts, I would like to share the recent vision announced for Dubai, which will add one more feather in its success stories.The government has announced the establishment of a new city within Dubai, setting new benchmarks in urban development in the region. Comprising four key components, the new city, which will be called \"Mohammad Bin Rashid City\", will feature world class leisure facilities and provide an integrated environment for the development of entrepreneurship and innovation.The new city will be located between Emirates Road, Al Khail Road and ShaikhZayed Road, and will include Mohammad bin Rashid Gardens Project. Mohammad Bin Rashid City will feature a massive park which will be 30 per cent bigger than Hyde Park in London. It will be surrounded by the largest mall in the world called \"Mall of the World\", which will be capable of receiving 80 million visitors a year, and include over 100 hotel facilities to meet the requirement for accommodation.\"Mall of the World\" will be connected to a family entertainment center, which will be developed in collaboration with Universal Studios International. This center will be the largest in the region and is expected to attract 6 million visitors each year. The new city will include residential areas built on green building standards in terms of energy consumption, waste treatment and conservation of natural environment.The tourism sector in Dubai is growing by 13 per cent annually; with growth in hotel revenue exceeding 22 per cent to reach more than Dh 16 billion. The hotel occupancy rate was 82 per cent in the year 2011, which was the highest globally, and the number of visitors to Dubai Mall reached 62 million in 2012, with 25 per cent growth in retail sales in 2011.Isn't this amazing? I can't wait to be in this city. Don't you? I strongly recommend all of you readers to visit this amazing city once. I promise you that there are various wonders that you will see and rest assured that you will have one of the memorable time. Make sure to keep your pockets full, because it's hard to resist keep shopping here.Welcome!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648414", "title": "Nirahua happy with his participation in Bigg Boss", "text": "Bhojpuri star Nirahua is happy with his participation in Bigg Boss. Nirahua was voted out from Bigg Boss house this week. Nirahua said,\" In Bigg Boss house I fulfilled my responsibility of representing entire Bhojpuri industry and thus I could not misbehave at all. I had to maintain the grace and dignity although I was provoked many a times.\"\"I stayed and worked their with honesty and truthfulness and thus turned out to be the most loved guest of the house.\" Nirahua won gold after being voted as the most honest hearted person in the house.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "manali/shimla/dharamshala", "code": "17644320", "title": "Even ATMs freeze in Himachal cold", "text": "MANALI/SHIMLA/DHARAMSHALA: It's snowed in Himachal and there's already a cold wave in Delhi. Soon, tourists from all over the country will flock to the hill station to experience the chill, sometimes even eating the snow.But life for those living in the higher reaches can get very tough \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from lighting a fire under the fuel tank of your vehicle in the morning to melt the frozen diesel just to start it, or pouring buckets of boiling water to free frozen pipes for the liquid to pour out of taps. Often when there's disturbance on their TV sets, people scramble onto the roof to clear thick layers of frost on the DTH dish, opening up the transmission. And it's not unusual to see a queue outside an ATM counter, waiting till noon for the machine to be eased up by the rays of an unsure sun.In Spiti, even tears turn into crystalsIn fact, if you are in Lahaul Spiti, you can't even cry too much as the tears turn into small drops of crystals that stick to your face, making you look somewhat silly.There will be tourists flocking to the hill stations and towns of Himachal, some of the most beautiful in the country, to celebrate Christmas and New Year, but away from the fun and frolic, life is something else altogether. It's a battle just to stay afloat.Unbelievable as it may seem, the first thing Sher Singh Bodh, a resident of Keylong town in Lahaul-Spiti district, does after he wakes up is boil a bucket of water to pour over frozen taps. Then he lights a fire under the fuel tank of his jeep. But he's used to it by now - in Lahaul valley, the cold desert of Himachal Pradesh , even wall clocks freeze up. So do wrist watches and cellular phones.As the entire district is cut off from the rest of the world for the next five months, tribals stock up everything in advance - from food to funeral paraphernalia. And, this is just the beginning. In the initial phase of winter, mercury dips only up to -8 degree Celsius in Keylong; it is below -12 degree Celsius at Khoksar. Later, in January, the minimum temperature dips to -20 degree Celsius in Keylong. In Lahaul, at about 11,000 feet, it plunges to below -30 degree Celsius.The chill froze the only ATM machine of Lahaul last fortnight and bank officials have been heating it up every day to make it work. Fearing electronic voting machines (EVMs), too, would meet the same fate, the Election Commission had them shifted from Lahaul to Kullu soon after assembly elections on November 4.River Chenab, which originates in Lahaul-Spiti and feeds the fields of Pakistan , has already frozen partially. With the closure of the Manali-Leh road due to heavy snowfall at the 13,050-feet Rohtang Pass , people in Lahaul-Spiti are now locked inside the valley, with the only mode of transport for them being state-run choppers. For tourists then, it's best to limit the travel to Kufri and thereabouts, where you can ride yaks and eat some snow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645239", "title": "Post Nilam, funds flow for Andhra Pradesh CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s tour", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The farmers in the district may be still counting losses they suffered due to the cylone Nilam that battered the region recently, but Congress party workers and the state administration are leaving no stone unturned to ensure the success of the chief minister's three-day Indiramma Baata programme. Funds are flowing not just for banners worth crores to be put up everywhere, but also for the tight security arrangements as N Kiran Kumar Reddy begins his three-day whirlwind tour on Monday.While members of the opposition and some members within the party sounded disgruntled about the crores being spent, supporters of Kiran Reddy claimed that the state government was being as unostentatious as possible.The expenditure involved has raised the hackles of several leaders. Former minister and senior TDP leader Ch Ayyanna Patrudu said the CM should have set an example by cutting down on expenses, especially post cyclone Nilam. \"The chief minister should have cut down on expenses, but he seems to be on a spending spree. Instead of coming to the aid of farmers and giving attention to the re-construction works in areas hit by Nilam, the CM has spent over Rs 350 crore to celebrate his two years in office recently, and now this Indiramma Baata. If he really wants to reach out to the public, he should be doing it at minimum expense.\"Concurring with this view, a senior Congress leader noted, \"This is not the time for Indiramma Baata, the CM should focus on dealing with the cyclone-affected people in all the districts as more than 15,000 hectares of standing crop was hit and many lives lost in the district alone. The CM should be attending to their needs first instead of touring the district with his entourage. These poor farmers affected by Nilam are yet to receive compensation, how can one expect them to be happy with the party and the government?\"District police officials informed that the route to be taken by CM would be completely secured, especially in the Naxal affected areas where additional forces are being deployed. According to rural SP G Srinivas, \"Making the arrangements is a major challenge. Personnel procured from other districts are being deployed in Srikakulam. Every aspect of security has to be taken care of because the CM would be venturing into Naxal-infested areas. Surveillance teams, commando units have been deployed and intelligence teams have been in touch with other agencies to ensure that everything goes smoothly.\"Sources within the department disclosed that over 1500 Greyhounds and AP Special Police personnel were rolled back from combing operations to add muscle to the bandobast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangbad", "code": "17644989", "title": "Tejaswini Muley bags silver in China air gun championship", "text": "AURANGBAD: Tejaswini Muley made the city proud yet again by setting an international record while winning a silver medal in the team event in the fifth Asian Air Gun Shooting Championship held at Nanchang, China, on Saturday.Tejaswini scored 395 out of 400 points in the 10m air rifle junior category while other two Indians, Shalini Chahar and Apurvi Chandela, scored 395 and 396 respectively to finish sixth and eighth in the individual event. However, the combined effort of the three shooters got the team the silver medal. In fact, the Indian junior women's team lost the air rifle gold to China by just one point.Tejaswini has so far clinched 12 medals in 14 international events. Earlier, she bagged three silver medals at the Asian meet.Her tryst with rifle shooting goes back to 2004. Her reason for her interest in the sport is simple. \"Since my father likes it, I like it too,\" she says with a smile. Her first gold medal in the national school rifle shooting championship held in Dehradun in 2005 boosted her confidence and since then there has been no looking back.Tejaswini says, \"Shooting gives me a high because I have control over such a powerful weapon. To be able to tame a potent weapon makes you feel you are in control of your life. It is the only sport in which you can aim for perfection. Either you hit the bull's eye or you don't. I compete only with perfection and it's a worthy opponent.\"Tejaswini, who was given the Mantralaya Varta's state-level Mahila Bhushan award in 2007, reminisces, \"I have put in a lot of hard work and sacrifice. When I look at my journey and the accolades that have come my way, I'm grateful to god for giving me the strength to carry on. Coaches Rahul Patwardhan and P V Kulkarni provided the best training in my initial days. I also benefited a lot from the training at Gun for Glory Academy run by the ace rifle shooter Gagan Narang.\"Lamenting the dearth of facilities in Aurangabad, she said, \"No proper infrastructure is available in Aurangabad. Even though the city has many talented sportspersons, there are no professional trainers to tap this talent. Rifle shooting being an expensive sport, the government should come forward to help sportspersons like me who are economically weak. My father made a lot of sacrifices to meet my expenses, but he never gave up.\"Tejaswini's father Manoj said he always hoped that his daughter's success would attract sponsors who would take care of her expenses. \"My dream finally came true. Varroc Industries recognized her talent and has been sponsoring her,\" he beams.Tejaswini's routine includes large doses of yoga, some mental exercises, breathing techniques and lots of practice. She considers former world number one shooter Anjali Bhagwat as her role model. She is now gearing up for the 56th national shooting championship to be held in Delhi and aspires to win a medal in the Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17643891", "title": "Two dacoits land in STF net in Etawah", "text": "KANPUR: The Special Task Force on Sunday arrested two members of the inter-state Bawariya gang in Etawah district. A firearm and several live cartridges were also recovered from them. The gang members confessed having committed several murders and robberies in places like Fatehpur, Hamirpur, Etawah, Banda and Jalaun as well as in other states like Rajasthan and Haryana. The gang members have dozens of criminal cases pending against them in different districts of UP and other states.The dacoits have been police identified as Ramesh Gadla of Bharatpur Rajasthan and Pinku Bawariya of Fatehabad (Haryana). The gang members used to do a recce of the target for 15 days before committing the crime, police said.Additional superintendent of police, STF, Anant Deo said that the arrests were made following intelligence inputs. \"We had inputs that Ramesh Gadla along with notorious gang members Karan alias Kunnu and Pinku were planning to commit crime in Etawah, A trap was laid and STF sleuths managed to nab Ramesh Gadla and Pinku Bawariya, while Karan escaped,\" he said. tnnRamesh Gadla told police that the gang has 25 active members.During interrogation, the two confessed having committed crime in Chandpur and Bindaki areas of Fatehpur district, Raath and Jariya localities in Hamirpur, Civilines area of Etawah, Bisanda area of Banda and Jalaun's Kalpi area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17649395", "title": "Young artists depict a bright Odisha at painting competition", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Giving vent to their creativity, scores of children depicted their version of 'Resurgent Odisha' on canvas during a painting completion, organized by The Times of India, here on Sunday.A large number of students from Class V to Class VIII of 27 schools of the capital city participated in the competition, aimed at igniting young minds about the eastern state's march towards growth and prosperity.High-rises reaching out to the sky, chimneys of industries signaling hectic manufacturing activity, bustling city roads, zooming aircrafts, dams and bridges, temples, lush green fields and tribal people found place in the works of most children.On a foggy winter morning, enthusiastic children lined up at the Saheed Nagar Indoor Hall here from 8.30am along with their parents. Some school teachers also escorted the children. Soon after the registration was over, the child artists took their positions in the hall and started giving life to their thoughts about their state using sketch pens, crayons and water colours.Pratyusha Kar, a Class VI student of Delhi Public School(Kalinga), said, \"When got to know the theme of the painting competition, the first thing that came to my mind was the economic transformation my state is currently undergoing. So I showed both the industrial growth as well as the pristine tribal culture. I also had the state emblem in my painting as it epitomizes the concept of Odisha.\"Dinabandhu Muduli, a policeman who came with his daughter Gayatri, was happy that his kid was taking part in such a competition. \"My daughter is very interested in drawing and she is also doing well. Even though I had some other engagements, I decided to bring her to this event as it was a big platform to showcase her talent,\" Muduli said.Children depicted all-round development of the state by highlighting its growth in information technology, infrastructure, industries, et al. Anirudh Sahu, a Class VII student, compared Odisha's hoary past with its vibrant present, while Jitesh Debata of Class VI depicted the state's achievements in the fields of sports and culture in his painting.A four-member jury, comprising eminent artists Dinanath Pathy, Baladev Moharatha, Adwaita Gadnayak and Ramahari Jena, will select the winners, whose names will soon be announced in The Times of India. The winners will be felicitated at the 'Resurgent Odisha' seminar here on January 4.\"It's a great initiative by The Times of India for budding painters. It should serve as a good platform to encourage the younger generation to take to painting more seriously and passionately,\" Moharatha pointed out. \"Such events are necessary for the healthy all-round development of children,\" said Gadnayak.Moharatha and Gadnayak encouraged the budding painters and presented them with participating certificates.Sabita Kanungo, who accompanied her daughter Ipsita, said, \"Like mathematics, science and other subjects are important for children so are creative pursuits like painting, music or dance. We must encourage children to follow their interests. Such competitions would give them a much-needed push and the required exposure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644153", "title": "MLA accused of breach says Thane Municipal Corporation chief violated rules", "text": "MUMBAI: The war between Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) chief R A Rajeev and Sena legislator Pratap Sarnaik has intensified.After Rajeev wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over the irregularities by Sarnaik's housing firm in Thane, the Sena MLA has complained to forest minister Patangrao Kadam about how the TMC chief had \"violated rules in his official bungalow\".\"I have drawn the attention of forest minister Patangrao Kadam to the violations done by Rajeev in his official bungalow that falls in forest land,\" claimed Sarnaik.\"He has encroached on the porch. It is unfortunate that an IAS official is not following the rules,\" he added. Rajeev denied any wrongdoing. \"There has been no encroachment or any other additional construction,\" he said. \"The bungalow doesn't belong to me but to the government. Hence, the expenses incurred on it are not going to benefit me,\" he added.Kadam has forwarded Sarnaik's complaint to forest department officials and asked them to verify the allegations.However, the spat between Sarnaik and Rajeev has not gone down well with Mantralaya bureaucrats. \"Being an IAS official is not easy. If we don't take action on violations, then we catch flak from the public and the judiciary and if we do then elected representatives become vindictive,\" said an official.Recently, Rajeev had initiated criminal proceedings against Sarnaik's firm for drawing water illegally from the civic body for one of his residential projects. Later Sarnaik had filed a Rs 100 crore defamation suit against Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17648722", "title": "Telcos not keen on India: GSM Association", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is no more a preferred investment destination for global telecom operators looking to expand to new markets as the regulatory environment here is uncertain, industry body GSM Association said.\"You do see foreign acquisitions and investments in mobile. It is changing and clearly it is not focused on India now, while it was very much focused on India in the past,\" GSMA D-G Anne Bouverot said. She said despite global economic slowdown, around five telecom operators and even some companies operating in India, are looking to invest and expand their business to new countries. India, however, will have to wait till investor faith in the country is restored, she added.\"There are some opportunities and operators are looking at them. Burma is a very clear example. It is attracting lots of interest. There are a number of players, some of them in India, who are willing to invest there,\" she said.Explaining the reasons, Bouverot said: \"It is economic as well regulatory. But they both have happened at the same time. It is the time when overall operators are saying we need to be careful about our finances and at the same time regulations have become more onerous. It (regulations) has been more taxing on operators and also less predictable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644850", "title": "Report gives details of Fasih-Bhatkal partnership", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost two months after Indian Mujahideen founder member Fasih Mehmood was brought to India from Saudi Arabia, TOI has exclusively accessed his interrogation report which gives a detailed account of IM's foundation, his first interaction with IM boss Zarar Ahmad Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal.The interrogation report clearly states that when Fasih was doing his engineering from Bhatkal (Karnataka), he came close to Yasin Bhatkal. His father Firoz Ahmad did not approve of his friendship with Bhatkal. The report further gives names of some people who were regular in his college apart from some new names, which are being looked for apart from his meeting with IM's media wing chief Abdus Subhan Qureshi.Fasih was deported to India in October in what the government claimed was a 'big catch'. He was mainly wanted for the Meer Vihar factory arms haul and Chinnaswamy stadium bomb blast, but was alleged to have worked as an important financier for IM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644517", "title": "Shinde told Malik that he had overstepped his brief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde may have barely nudged his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik for being \"outspoken on all issues\" after the latter's intemperate references to domestic issues including Babri demolition, but he could not resist telling Malik during their one-on-one interaction later that he should have restricted his statement to the visa agreement.According to officials who were part of the bilaterals, Shinde is said to have reminded the visiting minister that the event on Friday evening was limited to operationalisation of the new India-Pakistan visa regime. In fact, Shinde, while launching the visa pact, confined himself to talking about the eased norms for issue of visa on both sides.Malik, however, decided to turn the event into a virtual monologue, holding forth on the entire gamut of India-Pakistan issues. Not only this, he squeezed in unwarranted references to India's internal issues, mentioning 26/11, 9/11 and Babri demolition in the same breath.Though Shinde was more discreet in reacting to Malik's impromptu comments at the media event, he did bring up the issue when they sat for one-on-one talks later. He is said to have pointed out to his guest that the references beyond the visa issue were out of context and could have been avoided, coming as they did even before the talks had begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17644895", "title": "Girl students protest against unhygienic food", "text": "TRICHY: Students of the adi dravidar welfare girl students' hostel in Kattur in Trichy district staged a demonstration on Sunday against the unhygienic water and food provided to them. The protest incident brought to light the sorry state-of-affairs of the poor students staying in such government-run hostels. However, a woman warden denied the students' charges saying that a cook in the hostel deliberately provoked them to protest.For 48 girl students studying at the Adi Dravidar Welfare Higher Secondary School in Pappakurichi near Kattur, the hostel in the village serves as a dwelling place for them to pursue their studies as they are unable to shuttle between their residences that are situated far from the school.According to the students, the hostel warden, M S Sahaya Jayanthi never paid heed to providing basic amenities such as hygienic food and water from the time she took charge six months back. About 30 students raised the pitch on Sunday, against the hostel authorities and locked the main door of the hostel to prevent the warden from entering into the compound. A group of people also joined the protest in support of the students.On information, Thiruverumbur tahsildar A Sivasubramaniam and other revenue officials rushed to the spot and inquired with both the students and Sahaya Jayanthi. The students complained that the water source in the hostel has become unhygienic and a place for breeding worms. Likewise, the rice supplied for the students were scattered in the hostel premises. Moreover, the warden failed in her duty to stay in the hostel during the night time, to ensure them security, the students charged.The students also complained that they were verbally abused by the warden if they refused to clean the toilets and bathrooms. As the warden usually turned up to the hostel late in the morning to hand over the rice and vegetables to the cook, the students were forced to skip the breakfast.However, Sahaya Jayanthi termed the charges as baseless and pointed fingers at the hostel cook, Kaliammal for inciting the students to protest to send me out of the job so that she could exploit the naive students. \"Kaliammal deliberately put the worms in the water and scattered the rice. I leave the hostel at 9.30 pm after taking English coaching class. Moreover, the safety of the students during the night is not at stake. I have explained to the officials about the behind the scene activities of the cook,\" Sahaya Jayanthi.Sivasubramanian said, \"The investigation is going on to find out the truth behind the drama. During our inspection, we found that water was hygienic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17645192", "title": "Five members of robbers gang arrested", "text": "MANSA: Mansa police on Sunday claimed to have solved the mystery thefts in Aklia village with the arrest of five members of a gang. They have also recovered some stolen items from the 15-member gang.The thefts over the past few months had led to a shootout and death of two villagers in subsequent tear gas shelling by cops. The villagers and some farmer organizations had even blamed the police for burglaries.Mansa SSP Narinder Bhargava said, \"The gang members, who are related to each other, had a distinct modus operandi. They would park their vehicle at a considerable distance from the house before entering it barefoot and put their cellphones on vibration mode, they said.While the gang struck at many places across Mansa, Bathinda, Muktsar, Sanghria, Asandh and other places in Haryana, and even Rajgarh in Rajasthan, Aklia on Mansa-Barnala road bore the brunt. In July, there was a shootout in the village, killing two residents.The SSP claimed to have succeeded in arresting the kingpin Subhash of Nakti Khera village. He said police recovered three gold chains, a bracelet, four pairs of gold ear rings, four rings, silver jewellery, Rs 5,000 in cash, a Swift Dzire and Apache motorcycle from them. He said more than 35 cases have been registered against the gang members at different places in Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17644766", "title": "Curtain comes down on chrysanthemum show", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A huge crowd assembled at the Terraced Garden in Sector 33 on the last day of the Chrysanthemum show. Efforts of gardeners and participants, who made shapes of animals and birds with flowers were highly appreciated.Around 265 varieties of Chrysanthemums were displayed in the show, which enjoys international repute. City mayor Rajbala Malik distributed prizes under various categories and also distributed sweets among the labourers. Sector 44 resident Ashok Kumar said, \"I have taken tips from the MC gardeners to grow flowers. While many flowers are seasonal, others are perennial. I will plant flowers at home now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644492", "title": "RTOs impound 231 autos, 28 cabs for not fixing e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the deadline for autos and taxis to recalibrate their e-meters ended, the regional transport office on Sunday started cracking the whip and seized 28 taxis and 231 autos, including in Vasai, Navi Mumbai, Kalyan and Thane. This is the first time the RTOs have seized autos and taxis for non-recalibration of e-meters.Twenty-six of the 28 taxis were seized by the Tardeo RTO. Of the 231 autos seized, three were impounded by the Andheri RTO, 47 in Vasai, 45 in Navi Mumbai, 61 in Kalyan and 75 in Thane, said sources. The Wadala RTO fined 16 auto drivers for plying without recalibrating their e-meters.Transport commissioner V N More said, \"All the autos and taxis were seized except in Wadala, where we do not have space to keep the vehicles.\"Autorickshaws and taxis with mechanical meters have time till January 31, 2013 to recalibrate. Transport department officials said commuters can register complaints on the tollfree number 1800220110 against autos and taxis that do not have recalibrated e-meters.If a driver is caught plying an auto or taxi without a recalibrated e-meter, he is liable to pay a compounding fee of Rs 700 in lieu of suspension of his permit for a minimum of seven days. Any delay beyond this can invite an additional penalty of Rs 50 or further suspension of the permit. The RTOs can seize the vehicle if it is felt the penalty may not be a deterrent.The RTOs also took action against 28 autos in Andheri and 26 in Vasai for not displaying tariff cards, identity cards and tampered meters.It has also been decided to suspend permits of auto/taxi drivers for a minimum of 10 days or impose a minimum penalty of Rs 1,000 if there is no vehicle fitness certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644871", "title": "Tamil Nadu likely to end season with worst rain since 2003", "text": "CHENNAI: What started with a bang has dribbled to a trickle. This year's north-east monsoon is on the verge of being the worst since 2003.The monsoon officially set in on October 19 and is drying up progressively with fewer and shorter spells of rain.\"By the end of October, the city got 60% more rain than usual. However, by November, we were 50% deficient. Since December, the state as a whole received hardly any rain,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director general of India Meteorological Department.With Cyclone Nilam, which hit the state on October 31, being more windy than rainy, the state has not got a proper spell of rain this year. During the cyclone, Chennai received only 7mm of rain. The following month of November turned out to be the worst since 1954, when the city got only 29.4mm.December started with the promise of good rains. The city received about 4cm of rain in the first week as a depression formed about 500km from the coast. But that too quickly dissipated.Despite the absence of a strong cyclone, Tamil Nadu has done reasonably well. The state has received 35cm of rain and has to receive 9cm more to become normal.\"But that is unlikely to happen. We can expect about 2cm of rain in the next 15days. The state should be prepared for deficiency of about 15%,\" said Raj.With bad monsoon, the delta regions of Nagapattinam, Tanjore and Thiruvarur have been hit the worst. At least two farmers have committed suicide owing to the poor rains. While Nagapattinam is deficient by 15%, Tanjore faces a 16% shortfall and Thiruvarur 1%.The state has been receiving exceptional rainfall over the last seven to eight years, and it is bound to get a year of bad rains.\"From a statistical point of view, the system will correct itself. It comes as no surprise,\" said Raj.According to data from 1970 to 2000, December on an average gets 191.1mm of rain over 6.3 days. \"We have, on several occasions, received heavy rainfall in the second half of December, but it seems unlikely this year,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bulandshahar(up)", "code": "17645366", "title": "HCL eyeing non-traditional markets like China, Japan", "text": "BULANDSHAHAR(UP): Nontraditional markets will drive HCL Technologies' next wave of growth, its chairman Shiv Nadar said.Reluctant to detail growth numbers, Nadar said that the next big growth drivers for the company would be from newer geographies like Japan, China, Korea. \"These are big economies where HCL is not present in any significant way, I see these as huge business opportunities for the company and growth drivers in three to four years and beyond,\" Nadar said. For the quarter ended September 2012, HCL Tech earned 57% of its revenues from the US, 27.9% from the EU and 15.1% from rest of the world.As the IT industry is through global economic slowdown and consequential issues relating to growth and profitability, HCL Technologies grew revenues by 36.25% for the quarter. \"The best of HCL Tech is yet to come,\" Nadar said. \"The new breed of young managers who have joined the company are very aggressive. They are going to be driving the growth story for HCL Tech,\" he said.Nadar spoke to TOIon the sidelines of third anniversary of VidyaGyan School, set up by his philanthropic foundation. Shiv Nadar, who hails from the Nadar community from Southern Tamil Nadu, (a community which is known for entrepreneurial pursuits in setting up provision stores and acting as vessel merchants), is among the tallest Nadar community businessman. He has committed to 10% of his personal wealth for philanthropic activities , essentially in the education space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17648962", "title": "Locals oppose fencing of cantonment", "text": "RANCHI: The Army's fencing work around its premise at Deepatoli Cantonment in Ranchi is being delayed owing to opposition from local residents over an approach road to their village. It is still awaiting a communique from village representatives.The headquarters of the 23 Infantry Division of the Army decided to fence the area despite objections raised by local residents. The laying of barb-wire, which started last Saturday, was stalled by villagers of Mahuatoli Lalgunj. Police intervened to bring the situation under control.The army then decided to meet village representatives, including zila parshad Shashikala Mahato and mukhiya Anil Linda. Construction started again on Tuesday after a meeting between army officials and village representatives. But it again hit a roadblock following protests. Now, the army is banking on the representatives for obtaining villagers' consent.Army officials had said the infantry division was in legal possession of the land since 1972 and that there was no deliberate attempt to block the road. Officials said they had exchanged plots of land with the Jharkhand government during the 2008 National Games to enable them to construct a road leading to the sports village.A communique issued by the army said the plot of land in question was acquired by the army in 1972, notification in this regard being issued in a gazette notification of the erstwhile Bihar government. \"The road from Tatisilwai to Booty More was also transferred to the army in exchange of land for construction of an approach road to Khel Gaon (National Games sports complex) on April 12, 2008, by the Jharkhand government,\" the statement said.While the villagers have been insisting on letting them use the old road, army officials have made up their mind to encircle the plot after convincing the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647823", "title": "Most anticipated 'Magic' out soon", "text": "20th December sees the highly anticipated release of 'Magic' - the debut album by world renowned Panjabi vocalist Garry Sandhu.Garry Sandhu first broke into Panjabi music in August 2010 and his astronomical rise to success saw him become a household name in a short period. From Main Ni Peenda , Dil De De, Sahan To Pyaria, Tohar , Fresh &amp; Din Raat - accumulating a legion of fans across the globe. After returning to Panjab in early 2012, Garry Sandhu continued his prolific run with Brick and Ik Gal - further cementing his position as one of the hottest properties in Panjabi music.Magic is the long awaited official debut album for Garry Sandhu, featuring 9 brand new tracks. Garry Sandhu has teamed up with Rupin Khalon (Sheran Di Kaum), DJ Dips (Din Raat &amp; Tohar), and Dr Zeus (Kangna) for an album packed with stand out singles!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643633", "title": "Quota in promotion may lead to division in society, fear experts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the imbroglio over quota in promotion moves to the next level on Monday, when the controversial bill comes up for discussion in Rajya Sabha, sociologists warn that the proposed Constitutional amendment, if made, would only accelerate division in the society on a \"promotion-driven caste parameter\".\"It is a typical case of individual feeling taking shape of a cohesive group feeling. People of one cadre are developing resentment against each other just because they are from a certain caste,\" said Prof AK Singh, director, Giri Institute of Social Sciences. Sociologists insist that it is true that dalits have a history of being oppressed and discriminated despite having capabilities. \"Now the aspirations are rising and they want to break those historical shackles through reservation, not only in recruitment, but also in promotions. But their aspirations are being mobilised by the political class, which is a dangerous trend,\" Singh saidFormer judge of Delhi High Court, Justice AK Srivastava said that in a way history is repeating itself. \"Those who were oppressed (read SC/ST) in the past will now become oppressor. There is just a role reversal,\" he said, while speaking to TOI. \"The merit parameter will go for a six. Inequality will continue to prevail,\" Justice Srivastava said, and expressed surprise that the provision, which has been struck down by the Supreme Court, is being brought in the parliament once again. \"It is to be seen, if the provision stands the chance of getting a constitutional stamp as well,\" he said.It is the very thought of ensuing inequality, once the bill is passed by the parliament,which has kicked off a raging resentment amongst the working class - be it the higher castes or the other backward castes. President of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, Shailendra Dubey said that the inequality is very much there in those states where the provision is already in practice. For example in Bihar, all 19 posts of chief engineer in irrigation department are occupied by officers of the SC category. Likewise, all 14 chief engineers in PWD are from the SC/ST category. Similarly, in Karnataka, all 31 posts of chief engineers in Karnataka Power Corporation are occupied by the officers of the SC/ST category. \"Why the issue was not taken up in Parliament before the general elections of 2009 or the UP assembly elections? It is nothing but a conspiracy by Congress and the BJP,\" Dubey said.Representatives of the SC/ST, however, insist that it is not the question of reservation, but representation of the community on the higher level. Convener of Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, KB Ram said that the discrimination has not only been at the recruitment stage, but also in promotion.The recruitment data of SC/ST in UP show that in most of the government departments the positions meant for SC/ST never got filled up despite reservation. For instance, if recruitment pattern between 1971 and 1989 in government department like UP State Electricity Board is any indication, then the people from SC/ST category could not go beyond a mark of 4.1% as against the then prevailing 18% reservation meant for them. On six occasions, at least, (1977, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983 and 1985) not a single SC/ST engineer could get recruited despite reservation. Between 1961 and 1969, only six SC/ST people could made to the engineering cadre out of the total 600 persons, who got recruited.The bill put forth in Parliament highlights the fact that people from the SC/ST category were not able to fill the reserved seats, especially in the group A and group B services, even 65 years after India attained independence. According to the data updated till January 1, 2011; 11.1% SC and 4.6% ST are in group A services of the central government. This was despite the existing 15% and 7.5% reservation for the two in the central services.Ram said that discrimination still persists in issuance of annual confidential report (ACR). \"Poor ACR are often issued for the SC/ST cadre affecting their promotion prospects,\" Ram said. \"I am against discrimination even if it happens with the people of the upper caste. But then there is the irony. What about the SC/ST. We cannot look away as far as their interests are concerned,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643461", "title": "Sheila Dikshit, A K Antony battle over war memorial", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister AK Antony , laying the wreath at the Amar Jawan Jyoti on the occasion of Vijay Divas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the 41st anniversary of the victory over Pakistan in the 1971 War \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Sunday, declared India Gate the right place for a national war memorial.\"As far as we are concerned, this (India Gate) is the place to have a war memorial. We are very clear,\" Antony said in reaction to chief minister Sheila Dikshit's opposition to the choice of location.The memorial, dedicated to Indian soldiers killed in action during various conflicts, has been in the pipeline for decades. A group of ministers (GOM) established by the Prime Minister and the three Service chiefs finally decided on the India Gate complex in August this year. Dikshit then threw a spanner in the works.She wrote to Antony, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and urban development minister Kamal Nath, requesting them to find an alternative site. \"We are not opposing the project; we are bringing their attention to the fact that Delhi will lose its one and only place where people gather in the evenings. This should be taken into account,\" Dikshit told TOI.Antony, however, seemed to have made up his mind: \"Before taking the proposal to the cabinet, the urban development ministry had written to all stakeholders to seek their comments and views. But I am sure we will be able to clinch the issue.\"While supportive of such a memorial, heritage experts, architects and town-planners feel \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like Dikshit and many others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that India Gate is best left alone. Renu Jain is a 42-year-old homemaker from Laxmi Nagar. \"The government can find another spot for the memorial to honour the martyrs. We already have the Amar Jawan Jyoti here.\"A G K Menon, convener, Intach, is concerned as the heritage body has been preparing the nomination dossier to pitch colonial (or Lutyens') Delhi as a World Heritage City and fears that the interference with its 'core' - the central vista - will jeopardize its chances.\"In a World Heritage City, any new development has to be done in a way that enhances the heritage value of the site. This is not another piece of real estate,\" he said. He also pointed out that there is \"fantastic emotional pressure\" attached to the issue. \"If you say no, you are against the Services. But for all major development, especially in such public areas, there should be public debate,\" Menon added.Frequent visitors already find their movement restricted for several months by the preparations for the Republic Day parade. \"Already 90% movement is restricted around India Gate. I won't feel like coming if more parts are out of bounds,\" said Sandeep Kumar, a Walled City resident who brings his wife and daughter over for chana and candy floss every other week.Heritage activist and Intach adviser O P Jain believes the location for the war memorial is as colossal a mistake as the police memorial. A PIL he had filed had resulted in the memorial being removed. \"I am not against the project, but I wonder why it must be at India Gate. This is a prime historical place which we should not tinker with,\" he said. Jain considers other plots adjacent to India Gate more appropriate, except those are already earmarked for an auditorium (Princess Park) and a museum (Jodhpur Hostel). A network of tunnels will connect them.These, too, bother experts. \"The plan is short-sighted. Having a memorial in such a fashion and in that location is not appropriate. They are just extending the existing memorial which is not right,\" said architect and town-planner Kuldip Singh. He suggested a large site where \"things can expand\" and the other elements \u00e2\u20ac\u201d museums and other exhibits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d can be placed together. He said he also preferred a \"symbolic memorial\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a soldier reclining on his weapon representing all the martyrs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to a \"literal one\". The proposed design involves names of soldiers inscribed on walls.The people who gather there, Singh said, must be considered. Vijay Rajotiy, a 28-year-old businessman, comes to India Gate all the way from Karnal twice a month because his six-year-old daughter loves it. \"It will be really sad if this place is closed for us,\" he said.\"The proposal has not yet come to us; and until it does, we cannot say anything,\" said Raj Rewal, chairperson, Delhi Urban Art Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644740", "title": "Govt sharpens single window system for new industries", "text": "PANAJI: A single-window system to clear projects has been made more compact by directing member departments to give their comments within 20 days from the date of receipt of the file from the department of industries, trade and commerce.The project will be deemed approved if any department does not send it's comments within stipulated time.The director, F O Hashmi, confirmed that they have introduced the new system to reduce time taken by various departments in clearing projects.Although, the high powered co-ordination committee (HPCC) chaired by the chief minister, is a final authority to clear projects, the nine-member departments have to give their clearances in addition to approvals by the parent department. This includes PWD, town and country planning, water resources department, Goa industrial development corporation, economic development corporation , Goa state pollution control board, the department of science, technology and environment, electricity department and fire &amp; emergency services.Once, the entrepreneur submits the project with 16 sets of files with project details, the industries department processes them to the nine departments with a direction to send in their comments. Although, the single window system has been in place for a long time, an industries department official complained that other departments took their own time is sending files back with their remarks.\"Now, once we process a project file, they have to return it within 20 days or else, we will assume that the project is deemed approved,\" said an industries officer. The system has been put in place only recently, and after the first HPCC meet in October, two new projects and six expansion projects were approved with a total proposed investment of 289 crore.The new projects include a manufacturing unit of carbonated soft drinks by Varun Beverages International Ltd at Usgao Tisk with a project cost of 57.52 crore and a pharmaceutical unit by Watson Pharma Pvt Ltd, Verna, with an investment of 94.70 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647431", "title": "'Sutta Kadhai' launched", "text": "The press meet of Libra Productions' next venture 'Sutta Kadhai' was held at Benzz Park, Chennai on saturday(15th Decemebr). The event was attended by Subbu, director of the film, Ravi C, producer of the film, and lead pair Balaji Venugopal and 'Dharma Yuddham' fame Lakshmi Priya and others.After Nalanum Nandhiniyum , producer Ravi C of Libra Productions has now launched his next movie titled ' Sutta Kadhai ' which would be a dark comedy and is directed by debutant Subu. The story is about two police constables who try to solve the case of a series of murder in a village. The insteresting factor that adds to the plot is that the comic books that the two have read in their early days help them in the case.Director Subbu, who says that the movie is based on an original story, adds that the film features debutant Balaji as hero. ' Step Step ' Mani of Youtube fame plays a crucial role and the music is by Prashanth and Harish. Director Subbu penned all the songs in the recently released Aarohanam, which was directed by popular character artiste Lakshmi Ramakrishnan.Menawhile Libra Productions' debut movie ' Nalanum Nandhiniyum ' is expected to be released by the end of May 2013. 'Attakathi' Nandita who plays the heroine in ' Nalanum Nandhiniyum ' was also present at the launch of ' Sutta Kadhai '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "on board special aircraft", "code": "17644627", "title": "China major concern than Pakistan, Khurshid says", "text": "ON BOARD SPECIAL AIRCRAFT: India on Sunday said China was a \"major concern\" than Pakistan given the power it has to impact the country in various spheres.Noting that China was more important in terms of India's global vision and the ties between the two countries can impact the region, external affairs minister Salman Khurshid said as far as Pakistan was concerned, the impact was \"more specific\".He was replying to queries on which was a bigger challenge for India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d territorial dispute with China or trust deficit with Pakistan. \"China is necessarily more important in terms of our global vision. In terms of economics. In terms of stability and impact of stability that our friendship and understanding can have on Asia and South Asia. As far as Pakistan is concerned, it is more specific.\"\"China is part of a larger picture and Pakistan being part of that picture .... significant part of the picture and can ruin that picture if Pakistan does not have right colour. China can be an important partner in Asia and Africa and elsewhere. China will play a significant role in what we want to do in the UN,\" said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17645698", "title": "Statehood demand in Gorkha Janmukti Morcha conference", "text": "DARJEELING: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) held its first national conference in Darjeeling on Sunday.The party leadership adopted four resolutions - demand for a separate state, conferring tribal status to the entire Gorkha community except for scheduled castes, giving linguistic minority status to Darjeeling Hills and inclusion of Terai and Dooars in the GTA.GJM representatives from other states raised questions on the party's future course of action. \"We support the policies of GJM and the GTA. But, we want to know what comes after this,\" said Gyan Joshi, a party representative from Meghalaya.\"The subject of a separate state should not be closed, even if the GTA is a stepping stone for it,\" said another party member from Arunachal Pradesh.Replying to questions on the fate of the GTA, GJM chief Bimal Gurung, said, \"We cannot achieve anything if we lose patience. The state government has given us the responsibility to run the GTA and we are doing that. But if they dishonour the resolutions we take in the GTA Sabha, then we will have to opt for the route of agitation.\"Party members had also expressed doubt on the security of Gorkhas living outside the Hills. Gurung, however, allayed their fears.\"I will be hurt if a single Gorkha in other states gets discriminated. If you wish, I will speak to the chief ministers of your states and the Centre in this regard,\" he saidGurung was critical about the state government's motive behind forming the Lepcha Development Board (LDB). \"If the chief minister really cares, she should set up boards for other Gorkha communities as well,\" he said. He also vowed not to abandon Terai and Dooars.While the GJM president said prolonged dialogues were needed to pursue the state for the demand of Gorkhaland, Gurung said he would not abandon the Terai and Doors region at any cost.Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) party's first national conference organized in Darjeeling today, raked up the burning issues of the demand for a Gorkhaland state and the future and security of the Gorkha community residing in other states of the country.GJM's unit representatives from twenty-two states, not much clear about the political polices being taken up by the central committee in Darjeeling Hills attended the conference, with the common question - what after the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).\"We wholeheartedly support the GJM policies and also the GTA. But, we seek to know what comes after this. We have always supported the party because of the question on the Gorkha identity in the country. However, of late In Meghalaya question is being asked about what after GTA,\" said Gyan Joshi, representing the Northeast state. In another instance a representative from Arunachal Pradesh said,\"We have assembled here today only for Gorkhaland. The subject of a separate state should not be closed, even if the GTA is a stepping stone towards it\".This question and sentiment was echoed by every member of the representing states in their speeches.Before answering to the question, the GJM leadership adopted four resolutions and- demand for a separate state, conferring tribal status to the entire Gorkha community except for the schedule caste, giving linguistic minority status to Darjeeling Hills and inclusion of Terai and Dooars in the GTA- and passed it in the house.Answering to the question of fate of GTA, Bimal Gurung, the GJM chief said, \"We cannot achieve anything if we lose patience. The state government has given us the GTA run and we are doing that. But, if they (state government) interfere or dishonor the resolution we take in the GTA Sabha then we will discard it and take to the agitation mode\".To queries from the visiting delegations about the safety and future of the Gorkha community living outside the Hills, the GJM leader said, \"I will be hurt if a single Gorkha in other states get discriminated. If you want I will speak to the chief ministers of your states and also the central government in this regard\". Representatives from Haryana, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Assam pointed out how the Gorkha people in the states were being terrorized and threatened.Gurung was critical about the motive in the formation of the Lepcha Development Board (LDB) and questioned the state government's initiative. \"I have no issues but how come the state government decided to give a board only to the Lepchas when there are other communities. If the Chief Minister really cares then she should set up boards for the other Gorkha communities too,\" he said.The GJM president who is also the chief executive of the GTA while referring to the demand of a separate state also made it clear to the audience that prolonged dialogues and were needed to pursue the state government for division of Bengal. \"It is imperative that we make the people in Bengal and the state government understand our demand for separation. For this we need to engage the state government in talks,\" said Gurung.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "17644313", "title": "Nitish Kumar again seeks special status for Bihar", "text": "DARBHANGA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Sunday said the country's growth rate has been fluctuating and has been presently estimated at 5.25% falling from 10% in previous years, as only developed states were contributing to the country's growth while the less developed states have either no or negligible contribution.The CM said that though Bihar accounts for over 8% of the country's population, its share in the GDP is only 2.9%. \"Bihar can contribute to 10% share in GDP provided it is granted special category state status by the Centre. This would check India's downward growth rate,\" Nitish said while inaugurating Ma Shyama Janaki Mithila Bhawan constructed from former MLC Sanjay Jha's MLC fund beside the local Shyama Temple complex on Sunday. Mithila Bhawan will be used for solemnizing marriages by the local people and from those of Nepal who flock to Shyama temple to solemnize weddings.After inauguration, Mithila Bhawan was handed over to Goddess Shyama Temple Nyas Samiti. Coming to the mode of management of the temple, the CM said cash offerings at the temple should be used for providing services to the people. Pointing to chairman, Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts, Kishore Kunal, Nitish said Hanuman Mandir near Patna railway station is the second richest temple of north India and offerings made here were used to construct Mahavir Cancer Sansthan for cancer patients and Mahavir Vatsalya Aspatal for children and eye hospital. Commenting on Kishore Kunal's yeomen's service, the CM said, \"I got my eyes checked at the eye hospital,\" requesting him to train the managements of other temples of the state to use offerings for the benefit of common people.The CM said in his recent meeting with the PM, he submitted to him a six-page letter justifying the demand for grant of special status to Bihar and informed him that the demand had been made by 10.5 crore Biharis. \"Dilli ki nazrein Bihar ki ore inayat kijiye (Please help Bihar),\" he told the PM.\"Just as India cannot develop without Bihar, Bihar, too, cannot develop without Mithilanchal's development. Time has come for growth with justice,\" the CM said. He profusely thanked former MLC Sanjay Jha for the Mithila Bhawan and LNMU VC S P Singh for providing university land for it.The CM announced that each bride who gets married at the Bhawan will get a free saree. He said poor families will not be charged for using the Bhawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "17644889", "title": "Jan Shatabdi rams vehicle, 2 dead", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: Two people were killed as their car was hit by a speeding express train at an unmanned level crossing (ULC) in Aandalampettai near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district.The incident occurred when the Jan Shatabdi Express from Coimbatore to Mayiladuthurai rammed a Tata Sumo vehicle in Aandalampettai at an unmanned level crossing when the car attempted to cross the track around 1pm on Sunday.The train dragged the car to some distance and stopped. S Murugaraj, 34, from Thiruppananthal and C Vijayakumar, 35, from Thiruvaippaadi who were travelling in the car, were killed on the spot. The duo was returning from a temple in Thiruvidaimaruthur.Immediately after the accident, more than 500 people residing nearby, staged a protest and accused the loco pilot for not sounding the horn before crossing the unmanned level crossing. Police said Vijayakumar, who was driving the car, had also failed to notice the train. Even though it was the first major accident at this unmanned level crossing, Trichy railway division had witnessed such fatal accidents in some ULCs. More than 300 crossings have remained unmanned in the division. Following the accident, the people blocked the train to demand the railways to post a guard at this ULC.Trichy divisional railway manager (DRM) Manjula Rangarajan rushed to the spot and ensured the protesters that Aandalampatti ULC would be converted into a manned level crossing. The people then abandoned their protest. However, traffic on the railway line came to an abrupt halt for nearly two hours due to the blockade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17648288", "title": "UoM hostelites sweat it out at gyms", "text": "MYSORE: Students staying at the hostels of the University of Mysore have tweaked their schedules to make time in the mornings and evenings. They are not hitting the books, but are sweating it out at the multi-gyms set up in the three hostels of the university.With the multi-gym facility at the Village Hostel, Women's Hostel and New PG Hostel, students have started working out to reduce weight, tone-up their bodies and generally increase their stamina levels.Access to the gym is free for students staying at the hostels. The gym is open for two hours in the morning and evening, and an instructor will be present at the gym during these hours.Speaking to TOI, Kiran Kumar, the gym instructor at the Village Hostel, said: \"Mostly students who are not into any sports are hitting the gym to keep themselves fit. They have become more health conscious.\" The multi-gym was set up five months ago at a cost of Rs 3 lakh each. Initially, the number of students who frequented the gym was less, but this gradually increased. Now, more than 100 students hit gym at the Village and New PG hostels.Sridhar H S, a student at the Centre for Information Science and Technology, said: \"This facility has created an opportunity for us to stay physically fit. If not, I would have wasted by time sleeping in the morning and evening.\" At the Women's Hostel, students have become fitness freaks trying to tone up their bodies just like celebrities. Rashmi MR, an MSc student, said: \"We cannot join private gyms due to many problems. Given that, this gym has been of good help for us to stay fit. I work out for an hour every day.\" Jamuna Rani, the gym instructor at Women's Hostel, also said that most students who frequent the gym were those who do not play any sports otherwise and found this to be an alternative to help stay fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645533", "title": "Bar owner on the run after molesting singer", "text": "KOLKATA: A bar singer was allegedly molested and assaulted by the owner of the bar at Ultadanga on Friday when she raised a voice against the latter for not giving protested against not giving her a chance to sing. Incidentally, even after 48 hours of the complaint, police failed to arrest the accused. The victim told TOI that she was under tremendous pressure to withdraw the case.\"The bar owner has threatened that he would defame me and make sure that I never get a job in my life. He is also pressurizing the witnesses not to open their mouth to police,\" said the victim, a 19-year-old girl from Madhyamgram.\"On Friday evening, I went to the owner of the bar to ask him why I have not been given a chance to perform. If I do not sing, I would not get any money. It will be difficult to run my family then. So after a couple of days of no earning, I approched him. I knew he had his hands in it as i had even refused to respond to his advances,\" the girl said.According to her, the bar owner, after being approached by the singer, burst into fury, held her by hair and dragged her to his cabin. \"He molested me there and even tried to rape me. As I resisted, he banged my head against the wall. I somehow managed to escape. My clothes got torn.Two of the bar attendants - Ismail and Raju - helped me to come out of the bar. If they did not help, I would have been raped,\" she alleged. said before breaking into a sob.The girl was then taken to R G Kar Medical College and Hospital where she was administered first-aid. Then she went to Manicktala police station. \"The police recorded the complaint with much reluctance. Initially, they refused to give the copy of the complaint. After I approached some media persons, who were standing outside the police station, they handed me the copy of the complaint,\" the girl said.Ever since I lodged the complaint, my phone has not stopped ringing. the bar owner and his employees started threatening me. The bar owner told me that he would ensure that I would not live in peace. He would slander me and put me in all kinds of troubles. His employees were also calling me to pressurise me to withdraw the case, she told.The accused bar owner, meanwhile, said, \"I had a word with the complainant's father. The complaint will be withdrawn shortly. The complaint is completely baseless. It is a conspiracy hatched by one of the former band owners of my bar. I had expelled him, but this girl from the band stayed back. On Friday, she suddenly started hurling abuses at me. I only asked my guards to get her out of the bar. Some other bar owners are also in this conspiracy.\" They just want to dislodge me. It is out of envy. I have always been associated with philanthropic activities. I used to address the complainant as sister. How can I molest her?\"Manicktala Police, however, registered the complaint under section 341(wrongful restraint), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 354 (assault or criminal force to a woman with intent). There is no mention of molestation in the FIR. Deputy commissioner of police (eastern suburban division) Satyajit Banerjee said, \"We are probing the case. The accused is absconding. We carried out a couple of raids, but could not trace him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17646573", "title": "Training programme for traffic cops begins", "text": "INDORE: The traffic police have finally admitted that 90 per cent of traffic cops are untrained to manage traffic in the city.Starting Sunday, the traffic police have started a training programme for efficient traffic management.DSP Traffic, MK Jain, said most of the personnel are not familiar with the traffic norms and traffic management. The traffic department is aiming at training its all 411 personnel of two traffic police stations of the city in next six months.Under the programme, a two-day training camp will be held every month for next six months during which a batch of 50 policemen will be trained at a time.The training programme will cover five subjects with 13 lectures in a span of two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17645109", "title": "Vijay Diwas celebrated at Wellington Garrison", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The unprecedented bravery, sacrifice and heroism of those who laid their lives during the Indo-Pak War and other wars post Independence including Kargil War were recalled at Wellington Garrison on Sunday. Celebrated as Vijay Diwas and attended by a number of serving and retired personnel of the Army, Navy and Air Force, the heroic deeds of the Armed Forces of India in the Indo-Pak War 1971 and other wars post Independence including Kargil War of 1999 were commemorated, including the role of the three services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648361", "title": "Abbas Hasan and Mehreen Syed in Rishi's next", "text": "Rishi Rich's French star Abbas Hasan selects international supermodel Mehreen Syed as his leading lady for his upcoming single's music video.International supermodel and L'Oreal brand ambassador Mehreen Syed is known for gracing the pages of Vogue , Marie Claire, Time Magazine , and setting runways ablaze from Mumbai to London . But now the supermodel will be setting the screen on fire with Rishi Rich's artist and protege Abbas Hasan, better known for his Number 1 hit singles 'Sona' and 'Habibi' and for being counted in the Top 10 list of Most Handsome Asian Male Models in the UK. Abbas, who started his career as a model, has recently been working on an upcoming TV show as a male style icon and he will be sharing the screen with none other than Mehreen Syed, who's counted as the Top 10 Sexiest Asian Woman in the world. A match made in music/fashion heaven!Abbas says, \"We met at a few shows and I love her work. My videos are all different and edgy and hers is as well. We really hit it off so it felt like a natural choice. Obviously she's a stunner but really talented as well. And given that we're both also headed in a filmi direction, I want people need to see her talent.\"The song is reportedly produced by Rishi Rich himself and his production protege 'Naamless' is also said to have worked on the track. The video is reportedly planned for February, so we can look forward to seeing Abbas and Mehreen sharing the screen early in the new year!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17648821", "title": "Now, airbag to protect your smartphone from cracking", "text": "LONDON: US technology giant Amazon has devised a new motion-sensor technology for an airbag that can protect your gadgets including smartphones, cameras and tablets from cracking when dropped. The system uses motion sensors, already built into most smartphones, to detect when a phone has been dropped and the mini airbag is then deployed before it hits the floor.A traditional airbag in cars is deployed upon impact, cushioning the passengers' heads as they are thrust forward. The phone system hopes to use similar techniques to prevent damage to the mobile upon inevitable impact.The idea is the brainchild of retail and technology giant Amazon, which has patented the protective system for mobile phones, electronic readers such as Amazon's own Kindle, computer tablets and cameras. This week the company won approval for the patent, which was filed in America by Amazon's founder, Jeff Bezos, 48, a self-made billionaire who has forged a career from pioneering ideas.\"Prior to impact between a surface and a device, a determination of a risk of damage to the device is made. If the risk of damage to the device exceeds a threshold, a protection system is activated to reduce or eliminate damage to the device,\" the patent said.The patent details a system that utilises a gadget's built-in gyroscope, camera, accelerometers and other onboard sensors in order to determine if the device has entered an airborne state. If it has, the technology will release airbags to reduce potential damage or possibly even change the trajectory of its fall by firing jets of air.\"This sounds like a feature worthy of Bond, codename SOS SMS. But airbags for windbags sounds like a lot of hot air to me. From a logistical point of view, the handset would have to be rather bulky to hide an airbag,\" said Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17644530", "title": "Sibling's property dispute ends in murder", "text": "BICHOLIM: A 35-year-old man allegedly beat his 52-year-old brother to death with an iron rod over a property dispute and later tried to bury him inside the cowshed near their house at Usap, Nanora, early Sunday morning.The police identified the accused as Sunil Laxman Gaonkar and the victim as Shashikant Laxman Gaonkar.The brothers, who lived in the same house, had been at loggerheads for the past two years, police sources said. The dispute had escalated into a bitter fight in the past two months after the house was renovated, sources said. From P 1The mother lived with Shashikant, a bachelor, while Sunil was married. Another brother Dilip lived nearby, while a fourth brother had expired some time back.The dispute between the brothers was over their individual shares of the residential dwelling. The elder brother had allegedly threatened his younger sibling on Saturday morning and they had another argument the same night.Police said when the mother awoke on Sunday, she asked Sunil about his brother's whereabouts and he pretended not to know anything. The mother, seeing something covered with plastic and polythene on the floor, informed Dilip.Following Dilip's complaint to the police, Sunil was arrested. On being questioned by the police, he confessed to the crime and said he had struck his brother at least seven times with the iron rod.The victim's face and head appeared to have been battered with a blunt weapon. Police said there were four clear marks on the side of his face, while one of the ear lobes was torn. The police recovered a one-and-half-foot long iron rod from the scene.Police said Sunil dragged his brother's body about 45 metres from the residence towards the cowshed and tried to wipe the blood marks on the ground with cow dung.PI Ninad Deulkar and his team are investigating the case. The body has been sent to Goa medical college and hospital morgue for postmortem. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645179", "title": "Industries agitate against power tariff hike", "text": "NASHIK: The industry bodies in Nashik on Saturday gheraoed public representatives in protest against the decision of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) to hike power tariff and presented them with a memorandum of demands.The Maharashtra Industrial Co-ordination Committee of all industrial associations across the state had also staged demonstrations on Thursday in front of MSEDCL's divisional office at Nashik Road.A delegation of office-bearers gheraoed MLA Vasant Gite, MLA Uttamrao Dhikle and MLC Jayprakash Chhajed and presented them with a memorandum of demands. Memorandums were also faxed to the offices of MLA Nitin Bhosale, MLC Jayant Jadhav, MLA Manikrao Kokate and MP Samir Bhujbal.\"The MSEDCL has hiked power tariff from 35 to 50% with effect from August 2012. Industries across the state are already facing recession. The power tariff hike is affecting the growth of the industry in the state. This will also affect new investment. The hike has increased production cost,\" stated the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17648583", "title": "NEET: MLC seeks CM's intervention", "text": "MYSORE: JD(S) MLC Marithibbegowda on Sunday asked the state government not to introduce the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for admission to medical courses from this year. \"It is unscientific given that the syllabus prescribed for NEET is not studied by II PU students in the state. When they have not studied the lessons, who can they are expected to perform better at the all-India level entrance exam? The government should understand this and conduct CET for admission to MBBS like the year before,\" he said asking the government to make NEET mandatory from 2013-14.Marithibbegowda said that he has brought the issue to the notice of the government and the minister concerned and sought the intervention of the chief minister. \"But the government is going forward with it and many meritorious students are likely to be affected by the move ,\" he said. Referring to a batch of petitions against enforcing NEET, he said the state should represent students and seek the apex court to put it off till next academic year. \"Teachers are also not equipped to teach the syllabus prescribed to attend NEET. During the Belgaum session, I raised the issue. Medical education minister S A Ramdas has not clearly spelt out the government's stand, but has merely referred to the case at the Supreme Court,\" he said.The legislator, who represents South Graduates' constituency in the Council, said the government has defaulted in releasing the revised pay for the lectures in degree colleges as per the UGC norm. Though the revised pay is implemented from December 2009, the arrears from June 2006 are yet to be paid. It should not delay in making payment, he said and asked for enhancement of pay from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 for guest lectures teaching at government degree colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "betul", "code": "17645417", "title": "Eight killed, 34 injured in Betul road accident", "text": "BETUL: Eight persons, including four women, were killed and 34 others injured when their vehicle met with an accident while they were on their way to a temple near here on Sunday.The victims were on their way to Chandi Darbar temple near Chicholi when their vehicle overturned near Khaparwadi village, about 65 kms from the district headquarters, after the driver lost control over the wheels, police said. Around 45 passengers were travelling in the ill-fated vehicle.Betul's superintendent of police (SP) Lalit Shakyawar left for the spot soon after getting information about the accident.The victims belonged to Jhapdi village under Beejadehi police station areas.Five of the deceased were identified as - Antram Dhurve (50), Kanak Dhurve (50), Guddan Bai (40), Karulal Dhurve (40) and Sumantra Bai (35) - the SP said, adding efforts were on to identify the others who died in the accident.The injured were admitted in the Chicholi government hospital and four who sustained serious injuries were referred to Betul district hospital.Betul collector B Chandrashekhar said Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced an ex-gratia of Rs one lakh each to the kin of the deceased, Rs 50,000 each to the seriously injured persons and Rs 25,000 each to those who suffered minor injuries in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648742", "title": "Raghava Lawrence in trouble", "text": "The Producer`s Council recently took a bold decision and ordered the director of the Telugu film, Rebel, Raghava Lawrence to pay Rs 2.5 Crores to producers of the film, J Bhagavan and Pullarao.Rebel , which had Prabhas and Tamannaah in the lead, crossed the budget limit by about Rs 15 Crore. The film didn't do well at the Box Office and the Producer's Council, in turn, demanded a refund from the director. They had filed the complaint much before the release of the movie in September this year.The producers claim that the director had agreed to complete the film within the budget of Rs 22.5 Crore, but by the end of the shoot, the budget overshot by around Rs 10 crore.After the shoot, the producers claim that they demanded the excess amount spent from Lawrence. The Council then ordered Lawrence to pay a nominal amount - 10 % of the agreed budget of Rs 22.5 Crores.As per reports, Lawrence had clearly signed an agreement that he'd not shoot beyond the budget of Rs 22.5 Crores. If he fails to pay up the amount, he would be banned from films in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643181", "title": "Stolen air tickets: Woman fined Rs 9 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirteen years after a woman pleaded guilty of committing theft of 10 Indian Airlines tickets worth Rs 1.8 lakh, a trial court has sentenced her to detention till rising of the court and imposed a fine of Rs 5lakh.Chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Parkash also directed convict Naiya Relan to defray the expenses of Rs 4 lakh incurred by the CBI in the trial. Naiya Relan was involved in stealing and fraudulent refund of 10 Indian Airlines manual tickets in 1999. She voluntarily admitted that during October 1999 ten blank tickets were stolen by a co-accused and the same were filled in by her in fake names and thereafter, refunds were obtained on them.\"Keeping in view the facts and circumstances of the case including the voluntary plea of guilt made by the convict, the interest of justice would be met if the convict is sentenced to TRC (to remain standing in court) and made to pay a fine of Rs 5 lakh. She is also directed to pay Rs 4 lakh to CBI for defraying expenses incurred during trial in the matter,\" the court said.The case was registered by CBI in July 2001. It was alleged 10 \"manual double sector tickets\" of Indian Airlines Ltd were missing or stolen from IGI Airport and fraudulent refund were obtained on them.The CBI probe revealed one of the convicts in the case, Indian Airlines' traffic superintendent Satpal Singh (who had entered into plea bargaining), was transferred from Delhi to Lucknow airport office of the airlines. Singh had entered in criminal conspiracy with his Delhi-based friend and Naiya Relan's husband Sanjay Relan (who, too, had entered into plea bargaining) and had stolen 10 IA manual double sector tickets between October 10 and October 23, 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17648480", "title": "Kreedotsava to promote rural community life, sports", "text": "MANGALORE: The Sri Bhoothanatheshwara Kreedotsava will be held for three days from January 18 near the Sri Bhoothanatheshwara Temple, Badaga Yedapadav in Mijar.The third edition of these sports meet features 40 games in 70 categories with prize money of over Rs 15 lakh. Games such as brick walk, mud wrestling, pyramid and ball game will be the highlight of the Kreedotsava. Former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will inaugurate the event.The best two villages will take home a prize money of Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000 respectively to foster village identity for the teams. Entertainment show Manassuda Ullasogu Bodad Enchinala Malpuva on January 19 featuring Hindi film actor Suniel Shetty as guest and live concert featuring Rajesh Krishnan on January 20 will be the other attractions for the participants to unwind after the days of competitions, said Vijaynath Shetty, the chief organizer.With registrations for the game already open from December 1, the organizers have received good response from village sports enthusiasts of coastal Karnataka, he said, adding after the unprecedented success of kreedotsavas over the past two years, organizers have included many more games to reach out to more number of village people.The festival will also feature popular games such as slush trace race, slush track tug-of-war, slush track treasure hunt, natural bodybuilding, cycle race and filling water in vessel. The objective of the kreedotsava is to boost rural community life. To encourage families to participate there are couples-only games such as slush track race for couples.Given that animal husbandry is part of village life and many passionate about it, the organizers have organized events such as best decorated cow and best looking cock. Kori Ota, a non violent race for cocks will be another attraction. For entry forms, log on to www.bhoothanatheshwara.com; 8884659777/0824-2012277.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17649086", "title": "NIA defers IM activist's property seizure", "text": "RANCHI: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Sunday postponed the attachment of property of Manzar Imam, an Indian Mujahideen activist and an accused in several bomb blast cases, because of some \"procedural error\". Subdivisional officer of Ranchi Ameet Kumar confirmed that there was some procedural error for which the attachment process could not be done.\"The moment the procedure is complete, the property will be attached,\" he said, adding that it may taken another 15 days. The attachment was postponed despite preparation by local police and administration to assist the NIA team.The attachment is likely to be done after a fortnight after they get consent from the court and the local subdivisional officer. NIA had informed the local police about its plan to attach Imam's house in Bariatu area in Ranchi and requested for adequate security.The house is inhabited by family members of Imam, who is wanted for waging a war against the state. NIA, for the last one year, has been questioning Imam's relatives about the suspected IM activist's hideouts. \"The NIA team in August had put up a proclamation notice on the house and at other important public places, including office of the deputy commissioner and Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC), to get support of people for his arrest. Now when there was no breakthrough in the case, the agency decided to attach the property but it could not be done due to some problem in the procedure to be followed for attachment,\" said a source.SP (city) Vipul Shukla said the police were ready to assist NIA. \"We have also provided inputs that NIA needed before property attachment. Now it is for them to take a final call,\" the SP said without divulging the details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643319", "title": "Sheila Dikshit draws flak for Rs 600-a-month remark", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit's statement that Rs 600 is enough to provide for basic rations of rice, wheat and pulses for a family of five has left activists fuming. Dikshit came under attack for what is being seen as the reflection of a \"disconnect between the leadership in power and the grassroots\" a day after TOI reported her statement made in presence of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi at the launch of Annshree Yojana at Thyagaraj Stadium on Saturday.\"Which world is she ( Sheila Dikshit ) living in? This clearly shows that the Delhi CM has no clue about the realities on the ground. If this is the situation, how can the people expect a solution to their problems? Jab unhein aata dal ka mol hi nahin maloom toh woh logon ke liye kya karengey?\" Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal said.For years Kejriwal was the face of protests against introduction of cash transfers in place of subsidised rations. \"A cash subsidy can never be a substitute for rations. A Rs-600 subsidy cannot solve anything. Inflation is not a static phenomenon. The subsidy is almost like a sop before the assembly polls. It is the job of the government to organize a healthy public distribution system and not somehow fulfil its obligation by giving a cash subsidy,\" Kejriwal said.Special commissioner to the Supreme Court on the right to food Harsh Mander was equally shocked at the CM's remark. \"The government's disconnect with ground realities is self-evident. Even a homeless person ends up spending Rs 100 to Rs 150 for his daily needs,\" Mander said. He went on to assert that subsidies cannot help the government deal with the problem of poverty. \"It is not that the poor are just looking for handouts. They are hard working and desire a life of dignity. A labourer works hard to earn a living. It is the duty of the government to ensure that labour laws are implemented. Same is the case with the PDS system,\" he added.Sanjiv Grewal, senior faculty member at St Stephen's College, had a suggestion. \"People who think so should take a salary which is in line with this view. All government officers and bureaucrats should have their salaries fixed accordingly.\"The BJP, too, joined the attack on the Dikshit government. Party general secretary Vijay Goel said the Congress has termed the recipients as 'poor' who are really outside any category defined so far. Goel said that in reality this category is that of the Congress voter who has seen the true face of the leadership. This is a last ditch effort by the Congress to bribe its voter base and retain it.Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta described the move as a poll gimmick. \"It's obviously a political stunt before the elections. How can a person live on Rs 600 a day? It's peanuts. This is a joke played by the government on the people of Delhi,\" he said.Gupta went on to point that just before the 2013 assembly polls, All-India Congress Committee president Gandhi distributed provisional certificates but no colony has been regularized till date. \"They also promised one lakh houses to poor but not a single one has been allotted till now. They said wheat and pulses would be provided at Rs 14/kg and a thali for poor at Rs 15. These, too, have been flop shows. They even promised cylinders to the poor but what happened on the ground?\" he said.Among activists, Ranjana Kumari said, \"It is complete nonsense. The government is being completely insensitive to the needs of the people in a country where children suffer from malnutrition and poor nursing mothers do not get enough food to provide adequate nutrition to their babies. India has the highest maternal mortality rate. It is shocking to hear such a statement from a woman chief minister.\"\"Various studies done by us show that even a BPL card holder ends up spending about Rs 1,400 on monthly rations,\" Dunu Roy who leads Hazards Centre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644404", "title": "Cash, ornaments worth Rs 25 lakh \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcstolen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 from shop", "text": "PATNA: A group of thieves sneaked into a jewellery shop near Kulharia Complex under Pirbahore police station and allegedly decamped with cash and ornaments worth Rs 25 lakh late on Friday night. The shop-owner, Pervez Alam, lodged an FIR with Pirbahore police on Saturday.Pirbahore police station SHO S A Hashmi said the case had many loose ends. He said the shopowner could not confirm from where the thieves entered the shop as the shutter had not been damaged.Pervez's family resides behind the shop and there is a gate to enter the shop. \"Though shopowner claimed that the thieves entered the shop from the back gate which was open, his wife said the gate was closed on Friday night,\" the SHO said.The SHO further said the shopowner had taken Rs 50 lakh loan from a bank for opening two shops in the locality. He said Alam was not able to repay the loan and the bank was mooting to auction the shop. He said one of the shops had already been closed. The jewellery shop has an insurance of Rs 50 lakh. The police were investigating the case from different angles.Worker killed in mishap: A worker, Sonu Kumar, was killed when a tractor on which he was travelling overturned near Betaura Mor under Beur police station on Saturday. Beur police station SHO M Paswan said the vehicle was on way to Lodipur.Four thieves arrested : A Phulwarisharif police team arrested four thieves and forwarded them to judicial custody on Saturday. Beur police station SHO said the criminals had committed theft in the house of one Anjani Kumar at Mahavir Nagar Colony on December 11.They were identified as Rohit Paswan, Amar Paswan, Raj Kumar Rai and Vicky Kumar Azad alias Vicky Dom. He said they had admitted their involvement in the theft. The police also recovered a bike and some jewellery from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17644753", "title": "Master computer controls universe?", "text": "MELBOURNE: Scientists are conducting experiments to discover whether the universe exists within a Matrixstyle computer simulation created by super computers of the future.The experiments being conducted by University of Washington could prove that we are merely pawns in some kind of larger computer game. However, it is unclear who created these super computers that may hypothetically power our existence.\"Imagine the situation where we get a big enough computer to simulate our universe, and we start such a simulation on our computers,\" said professor Martin Savage, a physicists working on the project. \"If that simulation runs long enough, and have same laws as our universe, then something like our universe will emerge within that simulations, and the situation will repeat itself within each simulation,\" he said.The current understanding of string theory indicates that there are 10,500 universes with different laws that determine the behaviour of particles within them, he said.\"So it is certainly true, that with enough computer resources, theorists would like to explore these universes ,\" he added.Explaining how the experiment works, physicists claim that finite computer resources mean that space time is not continuous but set on a grid with a finite volume, designed to create maximum energy subatomic particles. The direction these particles flow in will depend on how they are ordered on the grid. They will be looking at the distribution of the highest energy cosmic rays in order to detect patterns that could suggest that universe is the creation of some futuristic computer technology.And if it does turns out that we are mere players in some sort of computer programme, they suggested that there may be a way to mess with the program, and play with the minds of our creators. \"One could imagine trying to figure out how to manipulate the code, communicate with the code and questions that appear weird to consider today,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644489", "title": "India team may leave on Tuesday to finalize Pak judicial panel\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Indian delegation may leave for Pakistan on Tuesday to facilitate the visit of the Pakistani judicial commission to India to cross-examine 26/11 witnesses. Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik on Sunday said he had worked out the problem of the commission's visit to India and that after formulation of modalities, the commission could come to India within a week.\"There are delays related to court proceedings (in 26/11 case). We were not permitted to cross-examine (the witnesses) and court refused to take the case forward without that. On this issue, I have had a word with Mr Shinde. We have worked it out. An advance delegation (from India) will come to Pakistan on Tuesday to finalize the terms of engagement for the Pakistani judicial commission to come to India. After that, within a week, the commission can come,\" Rehman said on Sunday.A Pakistani judicial commission had visited Mumbai in March this year but it was not allowed to cross-examine witnesses. According to Pakistan, the country's court refused to accept statements unless witnesses were cross-examined.Malik also said that Pakistan was intent on bringing Hafiz Saeed to book but India must provide substantive evidence. \"We have requested you for evidence against Hafiz Saeed. I got a dossier where there is information only, limited to the extent that Ajmal Kasab said there is one Hafiz Saeed who used to visit his camp. Based on that, we arrested him, took him to court... but he was let off... We need substantive evidence which can stand the test of any court,\" he added.Malik said India was been able to complete the 26/11 case quickly as it had more physical and material evidence and relevant witnesses. \"On the other hand, I have a case of abetment and conspiracy and you all know proving a conspiracy, abetment is difficult,\" he said.On Captain Saurav Kalia's death during the Kargil war, Malik said he felt sorry for the family but added that India had still not given him full details of the case. \"Mr Shinde has still not given me full details. But we will probe the matter. I feel sorry for the family. It was an unfortunate incident,\" he said.Talking about the bilateral interaction with his Indian counterpart, Malik said India had raised issues of narcotics smuggling and fake Indian currency notes (FICN). \"Close to six billion dollars of narcotics trade is happening through the Af-Pak region. India has told us that part of these drugs is pouring into India. India has also said that FICN is coming from Pakistan. I have told Mr Shinde to give us more details. We will act on it,\" he said.Malik blamed the narcotics menace for the Afghanistan-Pakistan-India trade route being a non-starter. \"We tried opening the route, but it led to increase in drug smuggling. We will have to work that out now,\" he said.Speaking on continuing terror attacks in Pakistan, Malik chose to obliquely blame India. He said, \"There are some splinter groups behind it. We have information on these groups and who is supporting them. We had a discussion with your security establishment. We have given them information.\"Malik also insisted that Ilyas Kashmiri was not killed in a drone attack but was the victim of a crossfire between Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan leaders Waliur Rehman and Hakimullah Mehsud. Malik was speaking about how Kashmiri's death had brought down suicide bombings in Pakistan when he was asked whether he acknowledged the importance of drone attacks.Malik answered, \"Drones may have their utility, but no sovereign nation will allow another to run it in its own country. Kashmiri was killed in crossfire between Waliur Rehman and Hakimullah Mehsud. US fears we will use drones against India. But we will not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643050", "title": "Fog and ground frost witnessed in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The active western disturbances in the state brought fog and ground frost which was visible in the northern and eastern parts of the state on Sunday. Cloudy conditions followed by mild drizzle were also witnessed in some parts of eastern Rajasthan. Despite all this the mercury continued to take an upward swing. Mount Abu and Sriganganagar remained coldest in the state and recorded a minimum temperature of 8 and 8.5 degrees Celsius, respectively.Jaipurities woke up to a cloudy sky, however, the temperature did not go down much as the city witnessed a minimum temperature of 15.6 degrees Celsius, almost 7 degrees above the normal minimum temperature. Due to the relative humidity up to 90 per cent, heavy fog and mist were present in and around Jaipur when visibility up to 200 metres was affected. Though the sun played hide and seek, there was no rain in the city except drizzle in the outskirts during Sunday evening.Ground frost in the farms worried the farmers as continued presence of it may damage the crop. In the evening cold winds were witnessed in and around Jaipur but it was insufficient to bring extreme cold conditions.Majority of the stations witnessed minimum temperatures above 10 degrees Celsius as Mount Abu and Sriganganagar were followed by Jaisalmer that recorded a minimum temperature of 11.6 degrees Celsius, Bikaner 11.7, Udaipur 12, Pilani 12.3, Chittorgarh 12.7, Churu 12.9, Barmer 13.4, Kota 15.5 and Ajmer recorded a minimum temperature of 16.2 degrees Celsius.Met office said the next 48 hours when factors like western disturbances would vanish and northerly winds would revive, the mercury is likely to dip across the state. \"It appears that the western disturbances would vanish from the state in the next couple of days. And then, we will witness clear sky and a dip in the mercury,\" said an officer with the Jaipur Met office.The presence of early morning fog and mist continued to play spoilsport for the air, road and rail traffic. At least half-a-dozen early morning flights landed and took off late from terminal 2 of the Jaipur airport while a few trains including Puja Express, Shatabdi Express and Marudhar Express arrived late at Jaipur railway station.EomJaipur: The active western disturbances in the state brought fog and ground frost which was visible in the northern and eastern parts of the state on Sunday. Cloudy conditions followed by mild drizzles were also witnessed in some parts of eastern Rajasthan, despite that mercury continued to take an upward swing. Mount Abu and Sriganganagar remained coldest in the state recorded a minimum temperature of 8.0 and 8.5 degrees celsius respectively.Jaipurities woke up amidst dense clouds, however it did not do much in dipping the mercury as the city witnessed a minimum temperature of 15.6 degree celsius, almost 7 degrees above the normal minimum temperature. Due to the relative humidity upto 90 percent heavy fog and mist were present in and around Jaipur when visibility upto 200 meters was affected. Though the sun played a hide and seek with the clouds, it did not convert into rain except some outskirts were drizzles were witnessed in the evening.Ground frost at the farms made the farmers looking at the vegetable crops a bit tense as they apprehended that continued presence of ground frost may damage the crop. In the evening chilly winds were witnessed in and around Jaipur but it was insufficient to bring extreme cold conditions.Majority of the stations witnessed its minimum temperatures above 10 degree celsius as Mount Abu and Sriganganagar were followed by Jaisalmer that recorded a minimum temperature of 11.6 degree celsius, Bikaner 11.7, Udaipur 12.0, Pilani 12.3, Chittorgarh 12.7, Churu 12.9, Barmer 13.4, Kota 15.5 and Ajmer recorded a minimum temperature of 16.2 degree celsius.Met office said that in the upcoming 48 hours when the factors like western disturbances would vanish and northerly winds would revive, the mercury is likely to take a dip across the state. \"It appears that the western disturbances would vanish from the state in the next couple of days. And then, we will witness clear sky and dip in the mercury,\" said an officer with the Jaipur met office.However, the presence of early morning fog and mist continued to play a spoilsport to the air, road and rail traffic. At least half-a-dozen early morning flights landed and took off late from the terminal 2 of the Jaipur airport while a few trains including Puja Express, Shatabdi express and Marudhar express arrived late at the Jaipur railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644485", "title": "Don Bosco kids put up variety cultural show", "text": "PATNA: The chilly Sunday evening warmed up with songs, dance and drama performances put up by the tiny tots of Don Bosco Primary School to mark the second day of their cultural extravaganza. Action songs, Hindi play, Kathak by Riya and Faiza, ketchup dance and patriotic dance numbers marked the evening. Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh, who was the chief guest on the occasion, stressed on the importance of cultural activities for the overall development of children.Montfort Montessori Home: Tiny tots of Montfort Montessori Home, Loyola campus, mesmerized their parents with variety entertainment programmes at the annual day on Sunday. While the musical drama on friendship, 'Chota Bhim', was much applauded by the audiences, the qawwali - Jhoom barabar jhoom sharabi - was also highly appreciated. Parents turned shutterbugs trying to capture their kid's moment of glory. Amita Paul, IAS, was the chief guest on the occasion.St Xavier's College of Education: More than 125 non-formal evening schoolchildren of St. Michael's High School here participated in a colourful Christmas programme organized by the St. Xavier's College of Education Alumni Association, Patna, on Sunday. A video story on Christmas, shot by Deep Kumar, was screened and Christmas carols were sung by the children. Marie D' Cruze (president), Ramesh Narayan (vice-president), Deep Kumar (secretary), Ranjit Osta (joint secretary) and other members of the association were present for the programme. Prizes were also distributed among the winners of interschool drawing competition held earlier.Mount Carmel High School : Students of Mount Carmel High School are all set to mesmerize their parents with a colourful presentation on the occasion of annual \"Parent's Day\" on Monday evening.NDA Montessori : Students of the Montessori school of Notre Dame Academy (NDA) will participate in a tuck shop cum fete to be organized on the school campus on Tuesday.Tender Hearts International: Harsh Roy bagged the 'winter prince' award while Zeenat Azmi was declared the 'winter princess' at the Christmas carnival-cum-baby show held at Tender Hearts International on Sunday. The award for the most active child was given to Pranav, while Amna Manovar won the chubby-cheeks prize and Ashi Kedia was awarded the healthy baby prize.Schools' timing: Private Schools and Children Welfare Association president Shamael Ahmad has asked all the 25,000 private schools of the state to change their school timing from 8.30am to 2pm from Monday in view of cold and fog in the morning.Institute of Objective Studies: About 50 delegates from across the country would participate in a five-day national workshop-cum-training programme on ICT application for strengthening library services and eGranthalaya, to be held from December 17 to 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17644993", "title": "22 snakes rescued in city by activists, released into forests", "text": "COIMBATORE: City-based animal right activists rescued as many as 22 snakes comprising six different species from the city and released them in Madukkarai forests on Sunday morning. The reptiles were rescued from various residential areas in the city during the weekend. N I Jalaluddhin, President, Nature Conservation Society (NCS) said that they had begun the rescue efforts on Friday evening.\"From Friday evening we began a series of snake rescues in the city after we received some calls. Different species, including rat snakes, Indian Cobra, Russell's Vipers, Wolf Snakes, a Chequered keelback and a bronze back tree snake were rescued on Friday and Saturday. After being directed by forest officials, we released them in the Madukkarai Forests early on Sunday morning,\" he said.Activists say that after the October rains more snakes have been reported in the city. Deforestation and lack of natural habitat are some of the reasons that snakes are increasingly visiting the city areas. Dr S Bhupathy, a Principal Scientist at the Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (SACON), an expert on reptiles, attributes the increasing number of snakes in the city due to rapid urbanization.\"As the forests are converted into human settlements, reptiles move to vacant lands. When such lands are also encroached upon, these reptiles go in search of shrubby areas. When this too is taken away from them, they tend to come out,\" he said. Given the present environment, snakes sometimes make a home in brick kilns, concrete fissures and trees. When these places become uncomfortable, they come out.Bhupathy says by taking a few precautionary steps, we can keep reptiles away. House gardens should be a certain distance away from walls and buildings. Surrounding areas should be kept clean so that they are insect free.Jalaluddhin appealed to the public not to harm snakes if they come across them. Instead, he advised to call a snake rescuer or animal welfare organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645092", "title": "War heroes remembered on Vijay Diwas", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Floral tributes were paid to martyrs during a wreath laying ceremony to commemorate Vijay Diwas at Western Command War Memorial where Lt Gen Sanjiv Chachra, GOC-in-C, Western Command and General (Retd) VP Malik, ex-Chief of Army staff laid wreaths. Many other gallantry award winner war veterans from Tricity, inmates from PRC, Mohali serving officers, jawans also paid tribute to the martyrs.Army Commander Gen V P Malik and senior officers interacted with jawans and paraplegic jawans and greeted them. A candle lighting ceremony was also held at the Veer Smriti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647570", "title": "Sathyaraj's role in politics revealed", "text": "Director Manivannan, who is back in action as director, is busy shooting the sequel to his super hit political comedy 'Amaidhi Padai' titled 'Nagaraja Cholan MA, MLA'. It is a well known fact that Sathyaraj is playing a politician in the film, but it turns out to be that Sathyaraj is not just MLA but a Deputy Chief Minister in the movie.The film is taking shape fast and will soon reach completion. The director believes that Sathyaraj's performance is going to be the biggest highlight of the movie. The story revolves around his transformation as Nagaraja Cholan and his political career.Seeman is also doing a pivotal role in this flick. Director Manivannan has words of praise for Seeman and said that Seeman is not just a good director, but a talented actor too and that he has proved this once again in Nagarajacholan MA MLA .The film is being be produced by S Ravichandran and K Suresh under V House Productions . Amaidhi Padai had Satyaraj playing a double role, that of the son and father. But the upcoming sequel, which also stars Satyaraj, doesn't offer him the double role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648041", "title": "Vishwaroopam sequel confirmed!", "text": "Kamal Hassan's mega film, Vishwaroopam will have a sequel and that shooting for some portions of the sequel had also been completed. Kamal Haasan himself has confirmed that there will be a sequel to Vishwaroopam while promoting Vishwaroopam at Singapore, on an FM channel.Kamal and Pooja Kumar have started the international promotions of Vishwaroopam . The talented actor had earlier said that he has already written the script and he is planning for the second instalment of the multilingual film. The actor also clarified that as he felt that the film could be told in two instalments instead of making the audience to sit in theatres for three and a half hours.Vishwaroopam , which is expected to hit the screens on January 11, is a spy-thriller written, directed and produced by Kamal Hassan. The film features Pooja Kumar, Andrea Jeremiah, Rahul Bose, Jaideep Ahlawat, Samrat Chakrabarti and others in the cast. While Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy is composing the music, Sanu Varghese is handling the camera.Image courtesy: Kamal Hassan's facebook page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643075", "title": "Will scrap FDI in retail if voted to power, says BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: If the BJP-led coalition comes to power at the Centre after the next elections, the decision to allow FDI in retail would be revoked, senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi said here on Sunday.Describing it as one of the biggest blunders, Joshi said that FDI in multi-brand retail would ruin the economy of the nation. Speaking at a conference organized by Confederation of All India Traders, he alleged that the UPA government is allowing foreign dominance in the country by giving them backdoor entry.\"It is observed that wherever the giant retailers have arrived, every minute, 1 trader and 1 farmer have lost their job. If we are voted to power in 2014 general elections, the FDI in retail policy will be scrapped,\" said Joshi.Taking a swipe on the ministers who favoured the decision, Joshi said: \"Finance minister Chidambaram has already given us bitter pills. I can only request him please don't give us any more\".\"Telecom minister Kapil Sibal said that multi-brand retailers will teach us how trade is being done. Nothing could be more unruly than this. Our traders have taught the world how business is carried. Our practices are thousand-years-old and time-tested,\" he said.He maintained that the consequences of FDI will be far reaching and detrimental. \"The reasons Prime Minister gave to the nation are full of lies. It will not benefit farmers, jobs will not be created and the role of middlemen will only increase,\" said Joshi.Joshi alleged that after privatizing supply of wheat and clothes through FDI, the government will soon target water. Budging under the pressure of mushrooming drinking water industry and manufactures of soft drinks, government will handover ground and surface water to these companies, he alleged.\"The present government is taking decisions that will ensure the degradation of our traders and our traditional system of trade. It is on record that one appointment by the retail giant is taking away the job of two persons in retail market,\" said Joshi. He also said that country is free only when businessmen are free to do their trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17646640", "title": "GIC Housing Finance targets 20 cr in state", "text": "INDORE: The GIC Housing Finance is targeting to gain 10 per cent of the market share (Rs 20 crore) in the state over a period of one year from now. The housing Finance market in the state is currently valued at Rs 200 crore.Talking to TOI on the sidelines of the launch of its Indore office on Sunday, GIC Housing Finance chairman Ashok Kumar Roy said, \"Our initial target is to achieve a market share valued at Rs 5 crore within next couple of months.\" Referring to reinsurance market, Roy, who is also the CMD of the national reinsurer, GIC Re, said the reinsurance sector in the country is currently growing at the rate of 20 per cent.Managing director of the company Rajib De said, \"Our loan disbursement target for the current fiscal across the country is at Rs 1,350 crore. We have already made it to Rs 900 crore so far.\"The company is targeting those who are looking for an affordable housing. The interest rate being charged by the company at present stands at 10.25 per cent and the repayment period for loan was fixed at 61 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644971", "title": "New garbage facility brings relief to Old City residents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents living in the vicinity of Salar Jung Museum can now breathe easy. Literally! A modern garbage transfer facility has come up next to Imlibun Park, replacing the earlier neglected dumpyard. The Imblibun garbage transfer station was earlier an open land used for garbage dumping and processing for disposal at city's dump yard in Jawhar Nagar.Around 1,500 metric tones of waste, mainly from Old City is collected and transferred from Imlibun. However inefficient and unhygienic method of packing and disposal, coupled with days of non clearance of garbage from the site have irked residents of the area. When authorities failed to act, the high court's intervention was sought in the matter.The new transfer station costing around Rs 3 crore has been under construction for six months now. It is expected to be completed by this month and start operations by next month.GHMC's partner for Integrated Municipal Solid Waste Management, Ramky Enviro Engineers is developing the facility. The new facility has two weigh bridges, pathways for incoming tippers and outgoing trucks. Using hopper systems that work on hydraulics, garbage is unloaded from tippers and packed into sacks compactly. The sacks automatically drop into long haul trucks parked at cellar level, to be ferried away to other transfer stations or the dump yard. GHMC additional commissioner for Health and Sanitation L Vandan Kumar said the facility will improve the efficiency of garbage disposal system from Old City as the new system will process garbage faster than manual packing and loading.No garbage will be strewn at the facility, ruling out odour and hygiene problems. Motorists on Shivaji Bridge can also have a safe passage during monsoon as garbage will be packed preventing filth from littering the roads and making it slippery during rains.Most importantly, the facility has brought much relief to walkers in the park. \"Odour emanating from the garbage disposed next door made it unbearable to utilise the park. The authorities were approached several times. But after moving the court we have got some respite,\" said Mohammed Nawazuddin, a regular visitor to the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kottayam/chennai", "code": "17644781", "title": "Ayyappa devotee from city dies in bus accident", "text": "KOTTAYAM/CHENNAI: An Ayyappa devotee from Tamil Nadu died and 12 others were injured when their vehicle fell into a gorge at Kodikuthi, near Mundakkayam in Kerala's Idukki district, on Sunday.Police identified the man as Pugalenthi, 45, of Ganga Nagar in Chennai and said the accident took place around 3.15am at Chamappara curve between Peruvanthanam and Kodikuthi in Kerala. The vehicle was on its way to Sabarimala when the driver lost control while negotiating a curve.The vehicle overturned and fell into the gorge, damaging two houses on the roadside.The injured pilgrims have been identified as Prabhakar, Ilangovan, Muthukumar, Umesh, Sivaranjini, Balamuralikrishna, Ananthu, Yuvaraj, Ramu, Senthil, Kavilan and Karikalan, all from Ganga Nagar. They have been admitted to Kanjirappalli Taluk hospital and Medical Mission Hospital in Mundakkayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "i, in everything, enter the great myself. gone forever", "code": "17641042", "title": "You Are That", "text": "I, in everything, enter the Great Myself. Gone forever: fitful, flickering shadows of mortal memory; Spotless is my mental sky - below, ahead, and high above; Eternity and i, one united ray. A tiny bubble of laughter, i Am become the Sea of Mirth Itself.Paramahansa Yogananda *This is the ocean in which you are living. Around you there is, just like air, the cosmic consciousness; you can't see it, but it is continuously nourishing you. Your consciousness is nourished by the cosmic consciousness, just as your heart is beating because of the breathing. The air that you cannot see is continuously giving you oxygen, keeping your body alive.Osho *", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17645040", "title": "Now non-teaching staff in Himachal Pradesh University in protest mode", "text": "SHIMLA: The face-off between two student outfits in Himachal Pradesh University intensified further with non-teaching staff opening up a new front after suspension of four employees.The employees were suspended on Thursday, after SFI activists alleged anomalies in results of five masters of tourism administration (MTA) students and a probe by the controller of examination found them true. Five of the staff were held responsible for errors in the result sheet and suspended.The non-teaching employees' association has given an ultimatum till Monday and threatened to go on an indefinite pen-down strike if the suspension is not revoked.President of non-teaching employee association, Devi Ram Verma, said, \"The varsity has taken the decision hurriedly. We have been holding gate meetings every day since Friday and on Monday we have called a meeting of the action committee to chart out further action if our demand is not met.\"SFI had on Wednesday claimed that some ABVP members had managed to pass in the exams without even being present on the exam date. Supported by documents of attendance sheets and memo of attendance from the evaluation branch of HPU, SCA president Rahul Chauhan said that five students were marked absent in the memo sheet whereas they were declared pass in the gazette sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643303", "title": "25 years on, 3 acquitted of pilfering funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-five years later, a trial court has finally acquitted three members of a co-operative society who were accused of embezzling around Rs 2 crore belonging its depositors, after the police failed to provide any substantial evidence against them.The case, which was filed in 1987, finally came to an end after additional chief metropolitan magistrate Pulastya Pramachala acquitted Pankaj Chakravarti, Anil Jain and Darshan Grover, who were the office bearers of NCBE Staff Co-operative Thrift and Credit Society Limited, after the prosecution could not produce any evidence to prove \"any of the allegations made in the chargesheet against any of the accused beyond reasonable doubt\".Initially, the case was filed against five people. During the trial one of the accused died and proceedings against another were abated. Police had filed the chargesheet five years after the registration of the FIR and the accused were put on trial in 2009, 22 years after they were booked for the offence.During the trial, the prosecution's case faced a lot of setbacks. The court noted that of the 11 prosecution witnesses, none of them \"deposed in respect of the specific role played by any of the accused persons in the society\". Also, not only had the cops failed to get all the listed witnesses to depose, but the ones who came to testify had forgotten about the case.Counsel for the accused, Vikrant Dhama, also contended that prosecution evidence was totally silent in respect of role played by each of the accused persons.According to prosecution, the accused, misappropriated the amount deposited by various members and non-members to the tune of Rs 14, 59, 970 in the year 1982-83, Rs 76,58,921 and Rs 1,30,89,199 during the year 1984-85.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644252", "title": "Trio held for extortion bid", "text": "MUMBAI: Three persons who threatened steel trader Dipesh Joshi impersonating as gangster Ravi Pujari's henchmen and demanded Rs 50 lakh were arrested by the anti-extortion cell of the Mumbai police.Those arrested are Rakesh Pawaskar, Usman Mohammed Shaikh alias Viru and Ganesh Gawli. All the three have a criminal background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643699", "title": "Cops raid lounge on Sapru Marg, seize hookahs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police conducted a raid inside a resto-lounge located opposite Senior Superintendent of Police camp office at Sapru Marg on Sunday evening. The circle officer, station house officer of Hazratganj police along with in charge of women police station raided the lounge following frequent reports of alcohol and hookah being served to minors by the lounge management.Police detained and questioned several boys and girls present in the lounge. The management was asked to produce the bar licence as well as permission to run indoor smoking lounge. The management produced the bar licence but was not able to show the licence required to run hookah parlour, said Dinesh Yadav, circle officer of Hazratganj.The management has been given sometime to produce the licence, added Yadav. The police confiscated the hookahs in the parlour and sent them for examination. \"Tobacco products and hookahs found in the lounge have been sent to experts to determine if the lounge was violating norms and conditions specified under Control of Tobacco Products Act,\" added Yadav.A large crowd gathered outside the lounge as the police raid lasted close to an hour. Officials allowed the girls and boys to leave the premises after taking down their personal details such as place of residence and contact numbers of their local guardians and parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643697", "title": "Liver transplants expensive but 95% life-saving", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three years ago, 48-year-old Rajesh Puri underwent a liver transplant after he was detected with chronic hepatitis C with cirrhosis of liver. He was diagnosed with the disease in 2004 and was on medication for the next five years. When his condition deteriorated in 2009, doctors advised a liver transplant. \"There was no other way to save my life,'' said Rajesh who is now living a healthy life after his wife Rita donated part of her liver to save him. The liver transplant cost them Rs 25 lakh.Rajesh is not the only one to have faced extreme situation due to ill health. There are thousands others forced to undergo a liver transplant. The challenge with 90% of the liver diseases, say doctors, is that patients don't realise they have it until it's late. What's worse is that cost of treatment for liver ailments especially in later stages is exorbitant.To spread awareness on how to keep liver healthy, a continuous medical education (CME) was organised by doctors of Medanta Hospital. Sharing statistics, Dr A S Soin said in the past decade, number of patients with liver diseases has doubled up while heart disease and breast cancer have shown considerable decline. The hospital carries out 260-270 liver transplants every year, in which, 95% success is reported. While the country needs 25,000 livers every year, UP alone accounts for 5,000-6,000 transplants. Experts said two lakh persons die of liver diseases every year.Talking on the challenges faced by the doctors in treating patients with liver diseases, Dr Soin said, \"In India, percentage of cadaveric donations is extremely poor. Family members need intense counselling for donating organs from a brain-dead person,\" he said. While 23 per million indulge in cadaveric donations, it is highest in Spain with 36 per million. In India, the figure stands at less than 0.6 per million. Experts said if cadaveric donations go up, there will be no need for live donors.The key factors that cause liver diseases is hepatitis C, B. besides, it is also cause due to excessive alcohol intake and non-alcoholic fatty things. The non-specific early symptoms include tiredness, lethargy, swelling in feet, lack or excessive sleep. The specific symptoms which is usually after 50-60% liver is damaged include yellowness in eyes, jaundice, water in stomach, blood vomiting. In extreme situations, it can lead to liver cancer and even semi-coma stage.Experts said after a liver transplant, a person should eat oil-free and fatty food and should go for morning walks. Talking on live donor, Dr Gourdas Choudhri said a live donor should be a family member, should share the same blood group with the person who needs a transplant and belong to 18-55 years age group.Since liver has the tendency to regenerate, liver transplants have been successful. Only live donors need two-three months rest after which he/she can lead a healthy life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645353", "title": "Market mantra: No tall claims", "text": "In the early days of healthcare BPO, basic claims processing (data entry) jobs used to be outsourced to India from the US. However, India has now established itself as an outsourcing destination of choice for the medical coding work, which is a complicated process. Over the last two years, more and more of the in-patient coding work is being outsourced to India and is by far the most complex coding work. There is also a lot of growth in the claims adjudication space and other insurance company related work that is being done in India. While most of the healthcare services work comes from the US today, there are other countries that will join the fray in the next few years. However, the US continues to be the leader as it has the most complex healthcare administrative/reimbursement process ever.Claim processing and settlement, i.e. healthcare revenue cycle management, is one of the most important and core services in the health insurance industry and has to be handled promptly and accurately. A career in claims processing involves several areas of expertise that an individual can develop. Careers in the claims processing industry offer a range of opportunities for people with different skills-sets . For example, graduates with degrees in zoology , microbiology, biochemistry, physical therapy , homeopathy, and any other fields of life science have an opportunity in the medical coding specialty and can be trained in a specialised skill-set that is highly in demand. There are also jobs available for people with good typing skills and other graduates with good communication skills and ability to converse fluently in English. For career growth, a fresher needs to stay in the profession for a couple of years to become proficient and grow as a subject matter expert or as a front line manager to manage different types of processes and teams.Industry statusThe US healthcare industry is about $1.8 trillion in size, by far the single largest industry in the US economy, and is expected to be about $2.5 trillion by 2018. The healthcare revenue cycle market (claims processing ) is estimated to be about a $11 billion segment. That represents only the provider segment. Out of this, the market that is outsourced is around $3 to $4 billion, out of which there is only about $300 to $400 million worth of work being done in India currently.The global healthcare BPO market is growing at a CAGR of 21.4%. Pharmaceutical outsourcing accounts for the largest share of 64.3%, but will grow at a CAGR of 14.6% from 2011 to 2016 since the market is saturated. Healthcare provider outsourcing has the highest growth rate of 31.9% from 2013 to 2018 because of the conversion from ICD-9 coding system to ICD-10 coding system to be implemented by October 2014 in the US. Healthcare payer outsourcing market will also grow at about 30% in the forecast period.Growth areasMedical coding offers growth scopes. The healthcare reform in the US will create the need for more processing, as more people will get covered by the health insurance system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644173", "title": "ICAI team probing land purchase in city on December 20", "text": "NAGPUR: A fact finding team of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) will visit the 9 acre property at Luxora Township in Pipla on December 20 to probe its purchase for Rs99 crore. The final report is expected to be submitted on December 31.Jaideep Shah, a city-based chartered accountant , heads ICAI, the governing body of the country's premium accounting profession. Shah has drawn flak for going ahead with the rather costly purchase, leading to misuse of funds received from students as fees. The property was purchased to build a centre of excellence for ICAI.Other CAs contend that the property located on the outskirts should not have been bought for such a price in the normal course. They said cheaper land could have been purchased within the city for the centre, which is just a soft skills training agency.The discontentment led to the committee being formed in October. \"The committee will visit the site and examine various aspects. Though it will not involve direct valuation of the land, any visible deviation from the market rates will be probed further,\" said a source in the six-member committee.\"We are all chartered accountants and deal with clients in the real estate sector and so have a fair knowledge of pricing too. However, our job is to mainly submit a report saying whether all due procedures were followed or not,\" said the source.In the meanwhile, a write-up has been posted on the ICAI website, which appears to be Shah's clarification and request not to go by distorted version of facts. Sources in the profession said this can be misleading, especially when a probe is under way.The decision to post the matter on the website was taken by the council, said one of the committee members, but another denied this was the case.Members of the six-person fact finding committee are also part of the ICAI's central council. With the central council elections concluding this month and results due in a week, they will have to finish the probe within February.They are part of the committee in their capacity as central council members, so any person losing the elections will have to quit after February. This will lead to changes in the fact finding committee too. The members are hopeful of submitting a report within this time frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648484", "title": "'Samar' up for clearance", "text": "Vishal starrer 'Samar' directed by Thiru with Trisha playing the female lead is likely to to be sent to the censor board today. 'Samar' is said to be a non-stop action packed entertainer and Trisha has dubbed for herself in the movie after Mankatha.The film which has Vishal, Trisha and Sunaina playing the lead roles has been in the making for quite some time now and is finally gearing up for release and is tentatively planned to be released on 21st December.The story of the film in a nutshell is about Vishal, a trekking guide, who due to circumstances has to go to Bangkok where he is drawn into certain incidents that change his life. Trisha plays a Tamil girl working abroad who is the pivot around which the film revolves.Sattam Oru Iruttarai , Bala's Paradesi and Santhanam's Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya are also set to to release on 21st December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17644714", "title": "LED bulbs on ISS to help astronauts beat insomnia", "text": "NEW YORK: Nasa plans to install new high-tech LED bulbs in the International Space Station, which can switch colours to fight insomnia and reduce astronauts' dependency on drugs. The US space agency will replace the orbiting laboratory's fluorescent bulbs with an array of light-emitting diodes, costing $11.2 million, which can switch between blueish, whitish and reddish light depending on the time of day.The changes can be programmed in by the ground, or by the astronauts and the new light bulbs are due to be swapped in by 2016, 'SPACE.COM' reported.About half of everyone who flies to space relies on sleep medication to get some rest and according to Nasa flight surgeon Smith Johnston, studies showed that hospital staff made more medical errors during the darkest times of the year.Sleep is no trivial matter in space. Astronauts generally get about six hours of shut-eye in orbit despite being allowed 8.5. Demanding schedules and unusual environments are among the factors that cause insomnia, the website said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17645352", "title": "Maoists plan new strategies to expand base", "text": "RAIPUR: Outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) has formulated a comprehensive strategy for 'New Democratic Revolution' through a combination of military and political tactics to create base areas in the country side and gradual encirclement and capture of urban areas.The CPI (Maoist) vision for it's 'protracted people's war' against the Indian state is elucidated in its strategy paper titled 'Strategy and Tactics of the Indian Revolution'. This Maoist document contains a comprehensive plan of action to capture political power and usher in the 'New Democratic Revolution' in India.According to a PIB press release, union minister of state for Home R P N Singh had informed the Rajya Sabha that the CPI (Maoist) was the largest left wing extremist organization operating in the country and it was also response for almost 80 % of Naxal violence reported during the current year.He said the objective involving creation of 'base areas', gradual encirclement and capture of the urban areas is sought to be achieved through armed warfare by the 'People's Liberation Guerilla Army' cadres of the CPI (Maoist).Political mobilization through its 'front organizations' and alliances with other insurgent outfit, which in CPI (Maoist) parlance is called the 'Strategic United Front'.Chhattisgarh has consistently remained the worst Naxal affected State with the rebels being active and have their presence in nearly half of the state's 27 districts. The Maoists are hyper active in tribal Bastar region, where they have established their liberated zone of 'Dandakaranya', spread over the forest regions of Bastar and parts of Andhra Pradesh. However, the state and security forces describe this region as \"areas dominated by the Maoists\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644676", "title": "Tamil Nadu faces its worst monsoon in decades", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu seems to be headed for one of its worst monsoons shortfalls in recent decades. While Chennai is 30% deficient in rainfall, Madurai is 45%. The whole of Tamil Nadu, which should have got 413.6mm of rain, has got only 356.6mm, a 14% shortfall.With only two weeks for the end of the official period of the north-east monsoon, all hopes are now hinged on a trough of low pressure that has formed near the TN coastof Tamil Nadu. \"It is a weak trough. We had expected rain in the southern parts of the state on Saturday and Sunday, but we received none,\" said Y E A Raj , IMD deputy director general of the India Meteorological Department.There is no cloud cover over the northern parts of TN and if any rain occurs, it would be in the southern districts. \"Sri Lanka is receiving some rain and our models indicate the low pressure trough may move towards TN in two or three days. However, we cannot say how much interior parts of the state will receive,\" said Raj.The state has received excellent rainfall over the years since 2003, but the deficiency this year may require some strategic planning from the Chennai Metro Water Supply and Sewerage Board as the water levels in the reservoirs are about half of what they were last year at this time. As of Saturday, Red Hills, Poondi, Cholavaram and Chembarabakkam had only 5,340 million cubic foot of water against their capacity of 11,057 mcft. On the same day last year, these four reservoirs had 8,920 mcft of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645968", "title": "Research rewards", "text": "Debra Bevitt, deputy head, School of Biomedical Sciences, Newcastle University, UK, talks to Ruchi Chopda on how research can be a worthwhile careerWhich are the interesting courses that Indian students can pursue at Newcastle University ?We have three faculties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d humanities and social sciences, science, agriculture and engineering and the medical faculty. Within the humanities faculty , the business and architecture courses seem to be particularly popular amongst Indian students. Also, we offer courses in marine engineering because Newcastle is a ship building city. Additionally, we also offer courses in civil and electrical engineering as well as computing science. In the medical faculty, we offer Masters programmes, which is Master's of Research, where there is a particular interest within the biotechnology field. We have also introduced a few new courses, for example , the MRes in Diabetes. So students can choose specific modules related to diabetes and biochemistry and can then go on to do a diabetes related research project. At the UG level, the faculty of biosciences offers six to seven degree programmes . In the MRes programme, students get to take up a 24-week full-time research project at one of our research institutes that specialise in different areas, including genetics and ageing.How has the hike in tuition fees and stringent work visa rules affected the number of applications from India?There is misapprehension regarding the visa rules. Graduate level jobs are still available for students. At Newcastle, though there has been a slight dip in PG numbers, the UG intake has been good with an increase of almost 36%. With India becoming a hub for clinical trial and medical tourism, what opportunities can a graduate in biomedical sciences look at? Students from biological sciences are prepared for clinical trials. In fact, a number of students from our school have gone down that road. As part of their degree programmes, students inevitably gain problemsolving skills that are imperative to conduct such trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17646387", "title": "Waghodia, Pavi Jetpur under tight vigil", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17644894", "title": "Green dolls lose battle to chemical ones", "text": "MADURAI: Christmas is a busy time for doll makers of Vilacherry, a village 10km from Madurai. Business is good, they admit. But what concerns them is the eco-friendly dolls that they craft with clay and paint with water colour is slowly losing the market to enamel-painted dolls made with plaster of paris.They blame customers who buy them to decorate Christmas cribs, for this shift in trend. So, why have clay dolls fallen out of favour with customers though they are less expensive than the plaster of paris makes? Blame the trend on looks.Plaster of paris dolls enhanced with enamel paint have gloss that make them stand apart. The clay-made dolls are less shiny. Although the former costs thrice the price of clay-made dolls, people prefer to buy the plaster-of-paris dolls, said M Ramalingam, a doll maker. \"We have no other option but to produce what the customer wants. We know clay dolls are eco-friendly,\" he said.Moreover, applying water colour is a tedious process, which requires additional labour. The raw material for the colour has to be bought, crushed, mixed with zinc and filtered. There are only limited colours available with the water paints, whereas enamel paints are available in ready-to-apply form.There is no cost difference between the two colours, Ramalingam said. There are over 150 families in the village involved in doll-making. \"There were only clay doll manufacturing units in the village before 2000. Now, more than 50% of our products are made of plaster of paris.We started to use plaster of paris extensively after 2006, since it was widely preferred by customers,\" said G Thangaraman, who has been making dolls for the past four decades. The unavailability of quality clay is another reason. The shortage of rainfall has affected the quality of the clay. Quality clay can be obtained only if water stagnates in tank for at least eight months, he said.The time and labour required for clay doll making is high, since clay should be mixed with alluvial soil and sand in a certain proportion to get the perfect flexibility. It requires a week's time under the sun, but only 10 minutes is needed to make plaster-of-paris dolls, he added. 90% dolls manufactured in the village are sent to Erankulam, Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode in Kerala, whereas only 10% are sent to various parts of TN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17648422", "title": "State takes up Jacintha, Savitha deaths with Centre", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government has taken due note of back-to-back deaths of two women of Karnataka origin abroad - Savita Halappanavar and Jacintha Saldanha - and urged the Centre to ensure that Indian citizens abroad get due protection, said DV Sadananda Gowda, former chief minister.\"Chief minister Jagadish Shettar has written letters to the PM and ministry of external affairs in this regard and expressed the state's concern over these deaths,\" he said.Sadananda Gowda, accompanied by members of Kaup assembly constituency unit of BJP met family members of Ben Barboza, Jacintha's husband ,at Shirva earlier in the day. \"We consoled the bereaved family at their loss,\" Gowda told reporters here later.Describing the incident as tragic and one that should not have happened, Gowda said, \"I handed over messages to the bereaved family on behalf of chief minister Jagadish Shettar.\"The CM has written letters to PM Manmohan Singh and minister of external affairs, Salman Khurshid expressing the state government's concerns over these two deaths, Gowda said adding that there is a sense of despondency among people of the state at these incidents.\"It has created a fear psychosis among people of the state about welfare of their friends and relatives abroad,\" he said hoping the Centre will take necessary steps to prevent recurrence of such events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17644133", "title": "Lady cop gets bail in graft case", "text": "AKOLA: Assistant police inspector Naina Pohekar was released on conditional bail on Saturday evening at the end of two days in police custody. She had been arrested three days ago in connection with graft charges over blackmailing two youths on the basis of complaint against them by a young girl.Pohekar had allegedly received instalments of Rs50,000 and Rs40,000 from the two youths for not registering offences. A mobile telephone conversation recorded by the youths has reportedly revealed that Naina Pohekar demanded the bribe and therefore she was arrested and remanded to two days in police custody, which ended last evening.One laptop and one pen drive was seized from Pohekar. However, the money she accepted from the youths has not been recovered yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647690", "title": "Irrfan doesn't take titles seriously", "text": "Acclaimed actor Irrfan, who has international projects like \" Slumdog Millionaire \", \"The Amazing Spider Man\" and \" Life of Pi\" to his credit, does not take it seriously when people call him a Hollywood star.\"It feels great, when people say that, but honestly speaking I have never taken these titles seriously. And I will never do so,\" Irrfan said.The 50-year-old is also known for movies like \"The Namesake\", \"Life In A... Metro\", and \"Paan Singh Tomar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643836", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav pays homage to martyrs on Vijay Diwas", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on the occasion of Vijay Diwas paid homage to the brave soldiers who laid down their lives for the motherland. Laying a wreath at the War Memorial in Central Command on Sunday, the chief minister said that the country is proud of the Indian Army, its achievements and bravery. The GOC-in-C Central Command Lt Gen Anil Chait and other senior officials also laid wreaths at the memorial and remembered the valour and sacrifices of the soldiers. The chief minister later met the officials and also signed the visitors' book. Religious heads of different religions prayed for peace of the souls of the martyrs. A two-minute silence was also observed as a mark of respect for the martyred soldiers.CM hails initiative: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday welcomed the initiative of a foundation to gift its hospital equipped with hi-tech facilities in Nawabganj, Gonda to the state government. He also urged social organisations to come forward and participate in the government's quest to provide basic public services to each and every citizen of the state. He added that the state government is already making efforts in this direction. It may be mentioned that as many as 100 to 150 patients are being treated daily at the hospital run at the village Pahli Baghai in Nawabganj, Gonda, by the Raj Rajeshwari Foundation.Dr Rajesh Kumar Singh, a famous cardiologist and social activists, working in the Long Island , New York and his hotelier son from New York Harendra Singh along with Town Attorney of New York Fred called on the chief minister at his official 5, Kalidas Marg residence on Sunday. Impressed by the initiatives taken by the state government under the leadership of Akhilesh Yadav, Dr Singh also proposed to the chief minister to visit New York for interaction with NRIs and American well wishers who want to invest in Uttar Pradesh.CM warns of tough actions: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday instructed state government officials to ensure effective ban on illegal mining. Taking a tough stand on the issue, he said that people involved in illegal mining would be severely punished. Issuing instructions to concerning officials, the chief minister said that tough action should be initiated against mining mafia and directed them to ensure that illegal mining is not allowed in any circumstances. He warned that action would also be initiated against officials found lax in checking illegal mining.Support extended: Bharatiya Nagrik Parishad has decided to extend his whole hearted support to the ongoing agitation against the proposed amendment bill providing reservation in promotions. President of the parishad Chandra Prakash Agnihotri said that the proposed constitution amendment is anti-people. but an attempt to destroy the career of government employees. He said that his organisation would participate in the agitation to be launched on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645420", "title": "Muslim Youth League: Dalits being sidelined in state", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Muslim Youth League has alleged that the dalits are being sidelined in the state as there is no one to lobby for them.Addressing a news conference here on Sunday, MYL state president P M Sadiqali and general secretary C K Subair said the dalits are not considered for the vacant posts of vice chancellors in the state.\"There is no doubt that merit should be the criterion for selecting the VCs. But dalits can be considered for the post following the stipulations laid down by the UGC,\" they said.The MYL leaders alleged that as many as 164 persons were selected to the teaching posts in various medical colleges in the state even when a PSC list is pending.\"This has led to sabotaging of the reservation,\" Sadiqali said.The IUML had maintained that justice should be delivered to the PDP leader Abdul Nazar Madani.It was the CPM that utilized the Madani issue for political gains, the MYL leaders said.The campaign launched by the MYL last year will conclude here on February 16. National leaders and international figures will attend the concluding ceremony to be held at the Kozhikode beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643402", "title": "IGI Metro: Government to review PPP in infrastructure work", "text": "NEW DELHI: The impasse over Delhi Metro's Airport Express line resuming its operation has prompted the Centre to look into the issue of urban infrastructure projects on public private partnership (PPP) mode.Though Union urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna, on Sunday, said that the Metro services would start soon after Commissioner for Metro Rail Safety gives the go ahead, he observed that the deficiencies and problems that have come up in the project is a fit case for study for experts and engineering fraternity for future success of PPP models. Recently, UD minister Kamal Nath had claimed that the services would resume by this month end or in early January.\"In the Delhi Metro Airport project the basic structure has been developed by DMRC and super structure by Reliance Infrastructure-led consortium. Both are blaming each other, currently issues and modalities are being worked out to resolve the issue,\" he said while addressing a session on PPP projects at Indian Engineering Congress organized by the Institution of Engineers India.Sources said that UD ministry is tweaking with the Concession Agreement provisions of Metro projects on PPP mode so that any such future projects don't face a crisis like the Airport Express line.Earlier in the day, citing that government bodies have greater responsibility in PPP projects, Krishna said, \"The government body shouldn't feel they have no accountability towards implementation and overseeing of the PPP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17646546", "title": "Heavy turnout in re-polling too", "text": "RAJKOT: Heavy polling was witnessed during the re-poll on Sunday in the three polling booths of three constituencies of Saurashtra and Surat. The re-poll was ordered by Election Commission (EC) on Saturday as the electronic voting machines (EVMs) at these stations developed technical snags during the polling held on Thursday.In booth number 69 in Kamlej-III in Bhavnagar (Rural) constituency of Bhavnagar district, 78.31 per cent of the electorate cast their votes. The polling recorded in booth number 169 in Kotda village in Jamjodhpur constituency of Jamnagar was 80.38 per cent while that in booth number 27 of Katargam area of Surat (North) constituency was 69.98 per cent. Officials said that the polling remained peaceful in all the three booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17644509", "title": "Rs 5.75 lakh looted from petrol pump", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: A sum of over Rs 5.75 lakh in cash was looted from the cash counter of Rautiniyan petrol pump under Karja police station near Muzaffarpur on Sunday afternoon.Half-a-dozen criminals riding two motorcycles reached the cash counter and forced the petrol pump staff to hand over the entire sale proceeds of the day at the point of two guns. Before retreating with the booty, the criminals also looted two motorcycles belonging to customers who had reached there for petrol.When the customers tried to resist, they were assaulted and thrashed. The criminals also opened two rounds of fire in the air and escaped.SSP Rajesh Kumar claimed that all the criminals had been identified with the help of the CCTV installed at the petrol pump. Printouts of the photographs of the criminals had been taken out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645454", "title": "Saving for long-term goals", "text": "Last week, I met an investor whose story holds a lesson for all of us. He is determined to give his child a better future even though he is a man of modest means. He began to save 16 years ago, when his son was two years old, and has managed to put aside 30,000 a year. He decided to open a PPF account and also invested in an equity-linked saving scheme of a mutual fund. The fact that both the products also offered tax concessions helped.He had been told that during the longterm time frame his money would grow at 16-17 % in equity, since this was the historical return. Meanwhile, the PPF was providing a stable 8%. He chose the growth option and did not take out any money from his investments. His calculations showed that he would have about 20 lakh when his son was ready for higher education. However, he has ended up with less than half this amount. So, what went wrong?First, the return that an investor earns can be very different from what is published. When a mutual fund says it has delivered a return of 16% over the past 15 years, this is the return on the money invested at that specific point in time in the past. An investor's return will vary depending on when he put in the money. Our investor, for example, put in 4.8 lakh over 16 years. However, the benefit of the 16-year time frame was available only to his first year's investment , which was a small percentage of the total. The return he earned, therefore , depended on the period for which each instalment was invested, and the return for that period. His actual return was a little less than 10% compounded, which is a good number, but much lower than the 16% he had in mind.Second, when he is told that a longterm investment in equity will deliver a 16% compounded return, it is the average over a period marked by ups and downs in the equity market. It is not as if the investment would earn 16% every year. The actual return will depend on the number of bull and bear cycles that his investment went through. The longterm average masks the fact that shortterm returns remain volatile, and his investments would have gained or lost every year depending on the market returns. Our investor suffered three bear cycles and benefited from two bull cycles during his investment period.Third, a financial goal is time-specific . Our investor's portfolio would surely look better if he could wait for another bull cycle in the equity market. However , his son's education cannot wait. At the end of the investing period, when he looks at his savings and worries that it is inadequate, there is little he can do about it. By the time the investor realised he was falling short, the equity markets were in a bearish phase and offered limited scope for any additional return.What could the investor have done instead ? What are the lessons for so many of us who are saving for our children? First, since our investment is in small instalments over a period of time, we have to consider the fact that all of it does not work hard at the long-term rate. It might be a better idea to over-fund a goal, than to underfund it. When we do the math for finding out how much to invest using a long-term rate, it might be a good idea to reduce that assumed rate and invest more. It is equally important to choose the product carefully. Those who choose insurance plans or mutual funds that are designed to help save for children's education should not be driven by the illustrative returns. Instead, they should rework the actual return by using the market data for, say, the past 15 years, rather than assuming a higher rate for the future.Second, the investor must have a clear strategy to deal with market cycles. There is no avoiding the cycles if the investor chooses equity for higher return. It is difficult to predict cycles or their turning points, but it is easier to see the market value on a periodic basis. By investing a fixed proportion in equity and debt, our investor failed to ask what the market cycles were doing to his investments . In a bear market, the value of the equity component would have fallen; in a bull market, it would have increased. If the investor had increased his equity investment when it fell short of the desired proportion during the bear phase, the increased amount would have benefited from the ensuing bull market. This is counter-intuitive and tough to do, but ramping up the investment when the markets are down is a good strategy to take advantage of the next cycle in the case of a long-term investment. The investors who close their SIPs in a bear market completely lose this counter-cyclical advantage.Third, no investment can be managed without review and rebalancing. A yearly review would have told our investor that he is falling short of the target. The closer one gets to the goal, the greater the need to take lower risk in equity. The initial years should have a higher proportion of equity and lower debt, and vice versa during the later years. Only then does equity work for the long term and debt protect the value of savings. There is no escaping the need for an active asset allocation strategy, which brings the goal and market cycles together.A patient, long-term investment is a good strategy; but it also needs attention , especially if it is for a precious goal, such as children's education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17645624", "title": "Cops rescue Malda girl from traffickers", "text": "MALDA: A stepmother's ploy to give away her daughter in marriage in lieu of Rs 40,000 was thwarted after prompt intervention by police. Though the cops rescued the girl from being taken to Uttar Pradesh, the stepmother managed to flee amidst the chaos.Locals of Sultannagar said that Sahajul Biwi, the second wife of Safijuddin, planned to marry off the 12-year-old to Osman Ali, 45, as she considered her a burden. The woman even managed to convince her husband and the marriage was fixed to one Osman Ali, 45, a resident of UP's Fatehpur.Accordingly, the marriage took place on Saturday afternoon but police arrived just in time and managed to rescue the girl as the couple was about to leave for UP. Despite knowing that Osman is married and has children, Sahajul agreed to marry off the girl as the groom had promised them Rs 40,000, said copswho had been informed by the victim's maternal uncle.Apart from the groom and his friend, police have rounded up the girl's father and one Sk Alimul - at whose house the wedding had taken place. A woman identified as Piya Singh, who reportedly acted as a mediator to fix the match, was also arrested. TNNAll the accused were produced in Chanchal court on Sunday and they were denied bail, said police sources.Minister in charge of women and child welfare, Sabitri Mitra, said, \"The girl would have been trafficked if the police had not intervened on time. She was handed over to the child welfare committee and has been put in a welfare home. We'll assist the girl if she wants to pursue her studies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644425", "title": "Emotional reunion for Iranian filmmaker", "text": "KOCHI: Iranian filmmaker, Mohsen Makhmalbaf , whose films have explored the relationship between the individual and a larger social and political environment, had an emotional reunion with his mother in Kochi. Makhmalbaf, who is based in London after being banned from entering Iran, met his mother after seven years in Kochi.\"I am meeting my mother Esmat after a period of seven years. My wife, who is fond of Indian films, expressed her willingness to travel to India when the country invited us. It is also the first time that all my family members are attending a film fest together. We always go separately for film festivals. I thank India for giving us this opportunity\", said an emotional Makhmalbaf, at the inaugural function of the first edition of the Kochi International Film Festival on Sunday. The filmmaker also criticized the Iranian government for its approach towards art and cinema. \"They have been following a policy of opposing art, movies and all other entertainments. Films are a mirror that show what is happening in the society there. But Iranian artists and journalists do not have the freedom to express themselves. The country is controlled by Iranian Supreme leader (Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Hosseini Khamenei) and the present president is just a puppet in his hands,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649088", "title": "Taylor Swift likes to be in control", "text": "When it comes to relationships, singer Taylor Swift likes to be in control. After dating older men, she prefers to go for younger men.The 23-year-old was left devastated by failed relationships with older stars including Jake Gyllenhaal and John Mayer. So she dated young ones like Conor Kennedy and her latest rumoured love Harry Styles. Both were 18.\"Jake and John made her feel inferior. With younger men, she really feels like she's in control,\" showbizspy.com quoted a source as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645641", "title": "Counselling put on hold, doctors suffer", "text": "KOLKATA: The scarcity of specialist doctors in Bengal is a known fact. Though the state has an intake of about 1,000 postgraduate medical students every year, 82 seats for this academic session are yet to be filled up, thanks to the delay in counselling.The first counselling was held in May and classes started about five months ago. But the second counselling has been put on hold due to confusion over the remote area identification notice that came in November 2011.According to the current norm, health service doctors serving in rural areas are given extra weightage during admission to MD course. Thus the government had issued the notification in order to streamline its policy of giving weightage to such doctors.Interestingly, the notification included hospitals like Baghajatin hospital in the rural category, while some hospitals in Nadia and Burdwan were categorised as urban and developed.The Calcutta high court in October therefore asked the government to plug the holes in the notification before giving effect to the policy. As a result, the second counselling is yet to be held. 82-seats that were to be filled up by health service doctors therefore remain vacant.\"Currently 1,100 posts for specialist doctors in rural health set-ups in the state are lying vacant. And now if the 82 MD seats go vacant, it means the state will produce 82 specialist doctors less. Many health service doctors were hopeful of getting through in the second round of counselling. We are not sure if there will be a second counselling to fill these seats,\" said Dr Sajal Biswas, general secretary Service Doctor Forum.Members of the forum have approached health department officials several times but the latter said the counselling cannot be held till the next verdict from the court.\"It is true that the second counselling for admission to MD course is yet to be organized. I can say something only after I get to know of the latest development on the issue,\" said health department spokesperson Dr Asit Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14058072", "title": "What is Ollywood?", "text": "Ollywood refers to Oriya language film industry based in Cuttack and Bhubaneshwar in Orissa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644277", "title": "Luxury segment of real estate market in city on road to recovery", "text": "PUNE: After a lull of over a year, the luxury segment of the city's real estate market has shown signs of a comeback. Realty sector experts say that there has been a steady increase in luxury projects across cities in India and Pune is a big contributor to this movement.\"Bangalore is at the top of the chart as more than 50% of total luxury units launched in 2012 are there, while Pune has a contribution of nearly 8%,\" Shveta Jain, executive director of realty advisory company Cushman &amp; Wakefield India, told TOI.\"Residential luxury market in India has exhibited a bullish behavior despite a slowdown in the real estate market of India during the last couple of years. The growing demand in the segment is mainly due to the increase in the number of high net worth individuals (HNIs),'' she said.Ashutosh Limaye, head of real estate investor services at realty research and advisory company Jones Lang Le Salle (JLL), said despite global economic and financial crisis, the Indian residential market has been relatively stable. \"Luxury homes is a growing preference of new age buyers and that has encouraged developers to launch luxury or super luxury housing projects priced between Rs 1 crore and Rs 20 crore.''The data available with Cushman &amp; Wakefield indicate that there has been a steady increase in luxury projects across the major cities in India.While cities such as Hyderabad, Bangalore and Pune have witnessed an upward trend in the total number of luxury housing units launched, cities like Mumbai, Kolkata, and the NCR have witnessed a decrease in the total luxury units launched in 2012 in comparison to 2011. In Bangalore, Mumbai and Hyderabad, the luxury segment contributed 7%, 5% and 5% respectively of the total housing supply in 2012, while in Pune it contributed nearly 1%.Locations such as Goregaon East in Mumbai, Gurgaon in the NCR, Hebbal in Bangalore, and western Hyderabad witnessed the highest capital appreciation at 44%, 42%, 21% and 13% respectively in 2012, the firm said.The enthusiasm of developers is visible as Pune and surroundings witnessed the launch of three high-end homes projects in less than a month's time, with each unit carrying a price tag of Rs 1 crore upward, going up to Rs 7 crore. Pune witnessed launch of three luxury projects in 2012 in comparison to two projects last year. While the number of total units launched in 2012 increased by nearly 170% over those launched in 2011, the number of luxury units launched in 2012 increased by more than 250%, Cushman &amp; Wakefield pointed out. The average launch price of luxury projects launched in 2012 increased by nearly 20%, compared to 2011.Sanjay Bajaj, managing director for Pune at JLL, said: \"Despite the cautious economic climate, there is still a lot of wealth generation happening among India's HNIs. The luxury homes segment is not a huge contributor to the overall real estate demand in the country, but it has a definite - though limited - clientele and developers who are catering to it. Pune has a relatively good demand ratio for luxury housing in the country; thanks to better amenities and less exotic land prices.Rishabh Siroya, director of a realty firm, told TOI that seekers of luxury homes are showing renewed interest, though there was never a slump as far as this segment was concerned. \"It's perhaps a coincidence that developers did not launch any ambitious high-end homes project in the last one year or so, but there was no question of demand for these properties at any time. Recession never hits luxury. If one wants to buy a Rolls Royce car, he buys it - good markets or bad,'' Siroya said, adding, \"The key to luxury housing is that the buyer must be convinced about the features he's getting. Once that happens, price is no hindrance.\"Abhisheck Lodha, managing director of a Mumbai based realty company, offered a different paradigm for luxury. \"Luxury is a state of mind. Strangely, however, luxury has been connected with the price of homes. It is important how a person feels living in the house he occupies and the comfort he draws from its surroundings,\" Lodha said. Lodha added that the market for high-price homes was niche one and thus small. \"This segment is about 4% of the country's residential market, led by select cities such as Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Chandigarh and Delhi NCR. It is, however, growing steadily on the back of rising aspirations and higher disposable incomes.Luxury housing in India is here to stay, but will probably never cross the 5-6% of the overall real estate demand, Bajaj said. \"The rich-poor divide is still too big. While buyers of luxury housing are less affected by economic fluctuations than the middle-class, it cannot be said that performance of the economy does not drive the sentiments in this segment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645156", "title": "Explosive weighing over 35kg found", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An explosive known as RT gola was found lying near the jungle area in Daria village on Sunday evening. One of the residents of the village saw the explosive, which was nearly 20-inch long and weighed over 35 kg, at around 5pm and called the police. Police immediately reached the spot. They cordoned off the area up to 500 metres around the bomb and started their investigation.Officials of the Chandigarh police's bomb squad and sniffer dogs as well reached the spot to scrutinize the bomb.After much deliberation, police decided not to defuse the bomb on its own and informed the Army.\"It is difficult to say whether it was a dead or a live bomb as it had mud all over it. It was 12-inch broad, 20-inch long and weighed over 35kg. Such bombs are very tricky, as they can explode anytime while moving them. As it was found near human habitation, so we chose to call Army men to the spot,\" said sub-inspector Milap Chand, head of Chandigarh police's bomb detection squad.Army men reached the spot and after inspecting the explosive, they decided to take it to their unit. Now it would be defused in the hills near Chandimandir area on Monday.The Chandigarh railway station is at a distance of just 2km from the spot, where this explosive was found.Police said that the bomb could cause damage up to a range of three km on exploding.Police combed the entire area to ensure that no other such explosive was lying there. Police suspect that some scrap dealer threw it in the jungle area. RT gola was used in old cannons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17644169", "title": "Jamshedpur boy set to make it big", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: For Manas Bhattacharjee, the music director from the Steel City, 2013 will be a year of national recognition. The young man, who is flying high following the success of his latest Bengali music album Hariye Jete Chai, has bagged a good offer from Red Carpet Movies company of Mumbai which is resuming its film production business, with an untitled film, after a break of several years.In the next two years, the talented music director will come up with eight new albums including an English album with the new talents of India which will be produced by Rooh Music company of Kolkata. \"I am happy that Red Carpet Movies has signed me for the music album. I am looking forward to next year and the year following that,\" said Bhattacharjee, son of noted percussionist, Manik Bhattacharjee of Birsanagar, Telco.In the past few years, the city lad has worked with popular Hindi film playback singer Kumar Sanu besides, Anwesha Dutta Gupta and many other celebrities from the Bengali film industry.\"Manashi Mukhopadhyay, daughter of legendary Manabendra Mukhopadhyay and Rajdeep Chatterjee (of Indian Idol fame) have sung four songs in Hariye Jete Chai album which is produced by Rooh Music,\" said Bhattacharjee.Bhattacharjee, who is also a composer and playback singer, has sung the other three songs in the album.\"I am working for the Tollywood film industry for the past few years but now I foresee entering the Bollywood industry,\" said Bhattacharjee, graduate from Jamshedpur Worker's College.Disciple of an acclaimed city-based music teacher late Chandrakant M Apte, Bhattacherjee is confident of carving a niche for himself in the highly competitive Hindi film industry.\"Both my gurus Anjan Das (with whom Bhattacharjee spent more time in learning music) and Apte Sir taught me to serve Goddess Saraswati without lust for money and fame,\" said the multi-talented former student of Vidya Bharati Chinmaya Vidyalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649128", "title": "Fans heed Rajini\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s advice", "text": "There was a time when Rajinikanth used to get a thundering applause for the way he used to throw his cigarettes and then light them up. But the Superstar recently announced that he regretted smoking on screen. Rajinikanth was quoted at a meeting for his fans, \"I had a drinking problem from my early days when I was a bus conductor. I was also a chain smoker then. My smoking and drinking addiction affected my lungs and kidney. My health has improved after I quit smoking.\" The Superstar also asked his fans to follow suit. He then pleaded with his fans that they too quit smoking as its addictive and ruins one's health. \"Smoking is really injurious to your health, stop it immediately, he was quoted saying. The Superstar's fans are now promoting the anti-smoking campaign. As a result, many of his fans set their cigarettes on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17645283", "title": "Raise PSC age limit to 40 years, demands Jogi", "text": "RAIPUR: Senior Congress leader and former chief minister Ajit Jogi has demanded an increase in the age of appearing in state public service commission (CGPSC) examination to 40 years.In a press release, he said the Madhya Pradesh government has already raised the upper age limit for MPPSC examinations to 40 years, with an aim to provide opportunities to the youth in the wake of growing problem of unemployment.Jogi said the recruitments through the state public service commission, have been declining over the years. Besides, the recruitment process has been delayed due to complaints of corruption and legal disputes due to which a large number of unemployed youths have become overage.He said such a decision would help provide youths with opportunities to appear in the PSC examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643007", "title": "Widow of Kargil martyr says Malik's statement insensitive", "text": "JAIPUR: The reported statement of Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik on the brutal murder of Capt. Saurabh Kalia was strongly opposed by widow of Banwari Lal Bagaria - one of the five soldiers who were also brutally tortured and murdered along with Kalia during the Kargil war in 1999.The widow, Santosh Devi, lives in Sigdola village near Sikar's Nechhawa town. Santosh told TOI that the statement was as insensitive as the gruesome murder of her husband and she was deeply hurt by it. She also said she would write to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to register her objection to the statement in which Malik was quoted as saying on Friday that it was not clear if a bullet or the weather had led to the death of Capt. Saurabh Kalia. Captain Kalia, who was heading a patrol team, was the first Indian Army officer to report intrusion by the Pakistani Army into the Indian side of the Line of Control before being captured and brutally murdered along with his five soldiers including Banwari Lal.Santosh handed over a memorandum to the Sikar district collector raising her objection on Saturday evening. \"If the Pak minister thinks that Capt. Kalia was killed due to bad weather, then he must have the same opinion about my husband's death also. However, I had seen the body of my husband when it was sent to us and I surprisingly survived the shock and the grief that caused me,\" said Santosh.\"My husband Banwari Lal was tortured to the extent of complete inhumanity. When the body was returned to us, the nails, fingers, private parts, nose and ears were missing. There were burn injuries caused probably by cigarette butts and the ear drums had been pierced,\" she said.She said that she has limited resources to fight for justice for her husband's murder.\"I sincerely hope that Capt. Kalia's father NK Kalia will continue to fight the atrocities incurred on his son and five other soldiers. We pray for his win. Our ray of hope lies in his demand that his son's death be taken up before the International Court of Justice (ICJ) at The Hague,\" said Santosh.Capt Kalia and five other soldiers were captured on May 15, 1999 and kept in captivity for more than 20 days before being killed. Their mutilated bodies were handed over to India on June 9, 1999.The autopsy report of the captain and the other soldiers revealed extreme brutality. There were marks of burns with cigarettes, the ear drums had been pierced with hot rods, and limbs and private organs chopped off, and then the soldiers were shot dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649200", "title": "I am comfortable with long shooting hours: Mudit", "text": "TV actor Mudit Nayar speaks about work and relaxingMudit Nayar fits the bill of the cute guy-next-door. With his latest daily soap Anamika , Mudit, who wouldn't have become an actor until his dad pushed him, is in a happy space now. Having done numerous commercials and also small roles in Priyadarshan's Aakrosh and Tezz , Mudit says, \"Three years ago I came to Mumbai to become an actor. While all my work till date has made me happy, I am most creatively satisfied with Anamika because that gives me the maximum screen space and the time to perform.\" Having worked on the big screen as well, Mudit says, \"There is no difference between TV and films as the process of shooting is the same. But the only big factor of difference is that TV is running at a very short notice of time. We have to deliver immediately while doing television. Movies are more laidback obviously because they have more time on hand.\"The actor, who doesn't get tired after the hectic shoot schedules, says, \"I enjoy the process of acting. So I am very comfortable with shooting all the time and am not hampered by lack of sleep or anything.\"Ask him what he likes to do in his free time and Mudit replies, \"I am not really an extrovert so I enjoy watching movies and listening to music in my free time. I like listening to old songs and classic rock.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17648740", "title": "50% marks compulsory for appearing in TET: HC", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court in an order upheld the state education department's decision of making 50 per cent marks in graduation compulsory for candidates to appear in the Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) for recruitment at the high school level.Though the high court earlier in an interim order allowed eligible candidates even with less than 50 per cent marks in their graduation to apply for the TET examination following a prayer by the All Assam B.Ed Trained Unemployed Association, the high court in its final order upheld the state education ministry's decision.The high court order came after the state's secondary education department said the new criteria for the high school teachers is a process to find better qualified teachers and was done according to an amendment in the Assam Secondary Education (provincialised services amendment) Rules.The proposed TET exam for the high school teachers is slated to be held tentatively on the last week of February, 2013.Earlier in the petition, the association had expressed its displeasure over the state education ministry's decision and demanded its withdrawal. Members of the association said in the B.Ed course, one is given training on all aspects of teaching.\"One is not only taught about teaching methodologies and child pedagogy, but is also given administrative skills. The B.Ed degree itself suggests that a person is fully qualified to teach in the high school level. Making TET compulsory will only lower the importance of the course,\" said the association president Ashiruddin Talukdar.The association demanded that B.Ed qualified candidates should be exempted from writing TET, remove the basic 50 per cent criteria for appearing in TET and to raise the age limit from 38 years to 50 years for high school.\"Competitive examinations like IAS do not keep such criteria. Students securing less than 50 per cent in their graduation have qualified such competitive examinations,\" said a member of the association.The association had sent memorandums to chief minister Tarun Gogoi and the state's education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644137", "title": "Pachgaon illegal miners to face legal action", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as mining lobby is making a hectic bid to stall probe into illegal quarrying in protected and reserve forest in Pachgaon, the forest department has directed the investigating officers to file court cases against violators.A delegation led by Arvind Gajbhiye, general secretary of Orange City Stone Crusher Owners Association, Nagpur, met head of forest force (HoFF) A K Joshi and chief conservator of forest (CCF) for Nagpur Circle S H Patil to keep their side. However, officials defended the action. Patil even ordered to file court cases against three quarry owners who violated the law of land by mining in protected forest (PF), and one of them even in reserve forest (RF).A seven-member committee under Patil has been set up to probe mining on forest land in Pachgaon under North Umred range. During the ongoing survey since October, the team found violations by three quarries which extracted material from forest land. GPS readings and satellite imageries show that there is a blatant violation of forest laws.Officials have also registered primary offence reports (PORs) against quarry owners Anil Bhabde, Gurmeetsingh Chawla and Ajay Jaswani and seized movable and immovable assets worth Rs10 crore. All the three quarries combined encroached and did mining on 12 hectare forest land.When pointed out, Gajbhiye says, \"I don't deny that our members might have violated the law of land but whatever mining has been done is on the area demarcated by TLR (taluka land record) officials.\"Gajbhiye called for a joint inspection of revenue and forest department officials. \"We will accept the outcome,\" he said.However, forest officials said TLR has no right to demarcate forest boundaries. Section 72 of the Indian Forest Act (IFA) empowers forest officials to survey, seek evidence and demarcate boundaries for their land. The staff is conducting a thorough survey as per rules to mark forest boundaries in Pachgaon.\"It is surprising why forest and revenue department officials did not periodically review mining operations in Pachgaon,\" senior forest officials said. District collector Saurabh Rao said he would look into the matter.\"How did the TLR demarcate forest boundaries for quarry owners. Documents produced by the three firms clearly show they were mining on forest land,\" officials said.\"A nexus between miners, forest and revenue department officials cannot be ruled out. Otherwise, why would an assistant conservator of forests (ACF), now posted in Umred-Karhandla Sanctuary, would have reported in May that there were no violations without visiting the spot. The records and satellite imageries have bared the truth now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17644655", "title": "Two Poojary aides held", "text": "BANGALORE: Two alleged associates of fugitive don Ravi Poojary were arrested on Saturday evening.Anandkumar alias Antu, 32, from KGF and Madhusoodan alias Madhu, 23, from Bommanahalli were caught while riding a bike outside Colonel Hill School, Colonel Hill Road, near Shivajinagar. According to police sources, they were allegedly scouring the area for another rowdy, Vijay Kumar alias Kavala, who they planned to eliminate.Kavala was to be attacked as part of Poojary's plans to gain complete control of Bangalore underworld. The bike and a country-made revolver were recovered from the arrested duo.Police sources said the two youths were high up in the hierarchy of Poojary's network here. Anand is a known Poojary henchman. The sources said he had been arrested by Tilak Nagar police in the 2007 Shabnam Developers shooting case and was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17647821", "title": "E-commerce in India may touch $34 billion by 2015", "text": "NEW DELHI: Online shopping in India, which is at a nascent stage, is poised to witness significant growth in the next few years, with the industry likely to touch USD 34.2 billion by 2015.\"It is estimated, that around 27 million (in India) are active mobile internet users. Currently 4 per cent are buying products through mobiles and in next four years time, it can go up to 20 per cent,\" Homeshop18.com CEO Sundeep Malhotra told PTI.Going by the current trend, the industry is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 57 per cent and is likely to reach USD 34.2 billion by 2015, he said.The number of mobile users in the country is expected to touch 1200 million by 2015, Malhotra said.Meanwhile, in order to boost online shopping, an industry-wide initiative was carried out in the country on December 12.Under it, Google India partnered with a host of e-commerce players like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Homeshop18, IndiatimesShopping and Makemytrip to bring its own version of 'Cyber Monday'.As part of this event, internet users could log on and get deals for 24 hours on that day from over 50 partners across e-commerce, local and classified, online travel sites and BFSI (banking, financial services and insurance ) industries.\"Seeing the surge in traffic and sales, we believe that this phenomena is expected to be a tremendous success in India as well,\" Malhotra said. He recalled that \"Homeshop18.com witnessed 300 per cent increase in sales with majority of its electronics and lifestyle offers sold out by afternoon on December 12.The significant growth in online activity in India reflects that the evolving nature of the market and the Indian consumer, he said. Opportunity in e-commerce are huge because of a large population base, changing consumer lifestyle and lack of infrastructure for bigger brick and mortar stores.With more than hundreds of websites currently operating in the sphere and many more to join the space, it is obvious that e-commerce is going to be a game changer in India, he said.\"We believe that such an industry initiative is definite to grow and improve the overall online shopping trend\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17643999", "title": "Two relatives nabbed for food vendor's murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dadar police arrested two relatives of the roadside food vendor, Maluappa Thevar, who was murdered in Dadar on last month.According to sources, the two accused were arrested from Tamil Nadu and will be produced before a court on Monday.On November 5, Maluappa was stabbed to death by two unidentified persons in the presence of a few customers in Dadar. The police were finding it difficult to crack the case as eye-witnesses had said they could not understand the conversation between the two accused and the deceased as they spoke in Tamil.During investigation, the police found that Maluappa's father K Thevar had also been murdered in Tamil Nadu. According to sources, after one of the persons who killed Thevar, Shiva, was found murdered, the two arrested accused suspected that Maluappa was behind it. Cops said Maluappa had two wives-Rani and Rama; one of them committed suicide following the vendor's death.29 Bangladeshis held for staying without passportThe Mira Road police arrested 29 Bangladesh nationals for staying illegally in India without a valid passport. They were produced before a Thane court and remanded in judicial custody. The arrested, all males, were picked up from a slum colony near Shivar garden on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17643267", "title": "Missing youth found dead", "text": "NOIDA: A 25-year-old former executive of Wipro, missing since Friday, has been found dead at a bus stand in Sector 2. The family of Ravi Sharma has alleged that though it had visited many police stations in Noida since his disappearance, cops did not inform it and sent the body for postmortem after declaring it \"unidentified\". Police claimed he had died of drug overdose.Ravi, who used to live with his family in Dhaulagiri in Sector 34, had left home at 2.15pm for the Wipro office, said his father Ram Sharma. Ravi said he would then go to HCL to collect his appointment letter.\"Around 7.30pm, he called up his mother and said he would be home soon. An hour later, he told my elder son that he would get delayed due to a problem,\" said Sharma, who is employed with India Oil Company in Delhi. Ravi, however, did not elaborate on the problem.Soon, Ravi's phone was switched off. When he didn't return till late at night, the family went to Sector 24 police station. They were sent to Sector 20 as the Wipro office is in Sector 3, which falls under that police station. \"Cops first asked us to go to the Wipro office. On our insistence, they registered a complaint,\" Sharma said.The family also sought the help of a detective who found out that Ravi had spoken to two friends in the evening and was last spotted in the Sector 20 police station area. A friend said he had met Ravi at 6.45pm on Friday. \"When we returned to the police station on Saturday evening and pressured police to help, they told us about the body. We showed my son's photograph and they identified him but by then the postmortem was conducted,\" Sharma added.A senior police officer said, \"Prima facie, it looks like a case of drug overdose. However, his wallet and cellphone are also missing.\" Cops are looking into the family's allegation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648899", "title": "Duchess Kate\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s aristocratic roots revealed", "text": "Duchess Kate, who seems to be proud of her descendants being coal miners and road sweepers, has blue blood ancestry as well, researchers say .Research carried out by Australian history teacher Michael Reed uncovered a link between the Duchess of Cambridge and former prime minister William Petty FitzMaurice, the Marquess of Lansdowne.Reed established the connection after asking his pupils to investigate the family tree of the Duchess using a genealogy website.FitzMaurice is related to the 30-year-old wife of Prince William through Lady Barbara Bullock, her second cousin, three times removed.Reed was helping one of his pupils study the royal's past when he uncovered the Middleton family's link to Lady Barbara, whose maiden name was Lupton.Genealogists were aware of her connections to the prosperous Luptons but this is the first time their links with the aristocratic Bullocks have emerged.Kate's earthier links to a family of Co Durham miners, an inmate of Holloway Prison and a west London road sweeper are well established.\"Everyone has always made it clear Kate's a commoner so when I saw one of her cousins had a title, I was intrigued,\" the Daily Express quoted Reed as saying.Having trawled through his family tree, Reed discovered that Kate is also related to the Hon Thomas FitzMaurice, who lived at the famed Cliveden stately home in Berkshire with his countess wife Mary.Reed sent his discovery to St James's Palace with a photo of Lady Barbara and received a letter of thanks from her assistant private secretary Rebecca Deacon several weeks later.\"Thank you for your letter in connection with your research on The Duchess of Cambridge's background,\" the letter said.\"Her Royal Highness would have me send you her best wishes, and thanks for thinking of her in this way, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17645064", "title": "Centre's coastal security plan way behind schedule", "text": "GUNTUR: In what showcases the sorry state of affairs in the government, it took four full years just to launch the issuance of biometric identification cards to the fishermen along the coast. Although the project was envisaged as part of strengthening the coastal surveillance system soon after the terror attacks of 26/11 in Mumbai in 2008, the administration took four years to kick start the first phase of the programme.The programme was designed to provide all the fishermen along the coastal states with advanced biometric identification cards in order to ensure safe roaming in deep waters and help security agencies identify intrusion by anti-national elements.Ironically, the fisheries department, which has been appointed as nodal agency to identify and issue the cards, went on extending deadlines year after year and did not complete the job yet. According to sources, nearly 1.8 lakh fishermen in nine coastal districts in the state were identified for issuance of the cards almost a year ago. The public sector electronic giant, ECIL has been authorised to take the finger prints and issue the cards in collaboration with the fisheries department.Initially, the Centre wanted to complete the entire process by 2009, a year after 10 Pakistani terrorists hijacked an Indian trawler, MV Kuber and sneaked into Mumbai. Subsequently, it was extended by another year and even after that, for two more years.\"The cards of about 50% fishermen have been readied and will be distributed by the end of this month,\" said a senior official in the fisheries department. Sources said ECIL had released only about 70,000 cards for distribution in the nine districts. However, there is no clarity about issuance of cards for the remaining 50% fishermen population and the time required for completion of the entire project.As part of the national project, the Centre wanted to bring the nation's coast under gapless surveillance to prevent the intrusion of unknown vessels into Indian waters. Even as big works like installation of radars in about 36 strategic locations for surveillance of up to 25 nautical miles is also being completed, the lack of coordination between the government agencies is resulting in unending delay in the issuance of ID cards.In fact, all the fishermen were asked to register their boats with the department as government was contemplating providing them with radio frequency identification (RFID) cards. \"We have no information about RFID cards at present. We are only registering the boats for safety reasons,\" deputy director, fisheries M Balaram told TOI. He said sharing of information and data entry works delayed the issuance of biometric cards to the fishermen in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645217", "title": "Botsa loyalists smell conspiracy in CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s preponed Vizag trip", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Simmering differences between chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president and transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana seems to have hit a new high with loyalists of the latter training their guns on the CM for 'deliberately' preponing his three-day visit to the district to sabotage the party's brainstorming session held in Hyderabad on Sunday.Botsa loyalists claim that the CM's trip to the district beginning Monday, which was initially scheduled for December 27, was preponed so as to scale down the presence of party MLAs and cadres at the state-level convention organised by the PCC chief in the capital city on Sunday. And this was done in collusion with ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivas Rao, the loyalists alleged.The convention in Hyderabad was planned about a month ago, aiming to get all the Congress workers from across the state on one platform. \"Knowing very well that the convention was happening, the CM planned his Vizag trip only to deter district party leaders and workers from attending the state meet. The ministers can fly back on the same day, but for workers it will be difficult to do so and moreover, they will be busy here to make arrangement for the CM's tour. We even received an SMS from a senior leader who 'subtly' told us to avoid the state convention. The SMS can be read as a veiled threat,\" said a GVMC Congress corporator and Botsa loyalist.Though the chief minister and tribal welfare minister P Balaraju, who hails from Vizag district, were present at the state convention, none of the MLAs from the district or senior workers, or for that matter even the cadres was able to attend. \"Preponement was a wrong move. This will only widen the rift and could hurt the party in the long run, especially when the party is going through a very difficult phase,\" a senior Congress leader said.It may be recalled that the Botsa-Kiran spat surfaced after the PCC president made it clear to the Congress high command that it was the CM's camp that was engaged in implicating his family members in the Vizianagaram liquor syndicate controversy.Many of the dedicated party workers feel that the leaders lack coordination, and cooperation was a distant affair. A senior party worker pointed out that there is no coordination between the two state ministers Balaraju and Ganta and the two central ministers Kishore Chandra Deo (tribal welfare) and D Purandeswari (textiles).Cadres also agreed that the Congress party was going through a lean phase with most of the top leaders embroiled in some scam or the other. According to party sources, there are allegations against Balaraju for misusing food-for-work funds. Yelamanchili MLA U V Ramana Murthy Raju (Kanna Babu), on the other hand, has allegedly taken over a huge chunk of Simhachalam Devasthanams land for building his palatial home where incidentally Kiran Kumar Reddy had breakfast during his last tour to Vizag.There are also two ACB inquiries pending against Kanna Babu for his alleged involvement in land scams. Ganta is said to have used his muscle power to take over two prime lands within the city limits, including the prime district library premises to build commercial complexes under BOT basis. Also, Pendurthi MLA Panchakarla Ramesh is alleged to be involved in Hinduja land scam and Gajuwaka MLA Chintalapudi Venkataramaiah in the de-notification of about 100 acres of steel plant land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644328", "title": "Civic body, traffic cops meet citizens", "text": "PUNE: Citizens, at a meeting with traffic and municipal authorities in Pimpri, suggested that the authorities implement measures like calming of road traffic (slow down the vehicles), provide adequate parking and ensure safety of students crossing roads near schools and colleges.The meeting was held recently where municipal and traffic authorities discussed with citizens issues regarding road safety and joint measures to be taken.Activist Vikas Patil said that there a few lakh school and college students of schools and colleges who travel each day for at least 5 to 6 km. The students, he said, are at risk because of traffic indiscipline and lack of road safety measures, and parents too are worried about the safety of their wards.Most citizens said that measures such as traffic calming, installing speed breakers near schools, proper parking near schools will go a long way in streamlining the problem.Schools, the citizens said, also have a major role in ensuring their students' safety during the opening and closing hours. Schools should ensure that all the students do not come out on the roads at the same time after school closes, and must cooperate with instructions from the traffic police for the safety of the students. Similarly, the traffic police, parents and schools should jointly make sure that students are being able to cross the road safely, the citizens said.Traffic authorities said they have been conducting traffic awareness campaigns in schools and colleges and also explaining the need for students coming by two-wheelers to use helmets.Before the start of the academic year, the traffic police had approached all school managements asking them to provide space inside their premises for parking school transport vehicles as well as those of parents and students. However, very few schools have followed the instructions. PCMC authorities said they have proposed to implement road safety measures near schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644588", "title": "Community policing initiative launched", "text": "PANAJI: In an attempt to change the public perception of the police force and involve the local public in assisting the police, Goa police has launched 'Saad Sanvaad', a community policing initiative.The initiative was inaugurated by chief minister Manohar Parrikar at the Goa police gazetted officers institute in Altinho, Panaji on Sunday.The initiative will see police meeting the public, NGOs and other institutions on a regular basis and seeking their inputs on various policing aspects. Police hope to improve intelligence gathering through this initiative.Parrikar said \"community policing is a good concept which we have to enhance.\" He called for effective community policing stating \"the responsibility of making this initiative successful lies with the police.\"Parrikar, who holds the home portfolio, said '5-10% people who are alert and have knowledge of what goes on in society can help police solve crimes.\" He said 50% of leads given by public in solving crime cases turn out to be genuine.He urged police to find out from the people how they could improve their functioning and not to turn this initiative into a publicity show.DGP Kishan Kumar said the police cannot be present everywhere and the community as a force multiplier can be an effective tool of surveillance and intelligence gathering.He observed that \"the gap between public perception and reality of the police force needs to be bridged by continuous interaction between the police and the community.\"Kumar disclosed that the crime branch had begun taking feedback from random complainants on complaints.Chief secretary B Vijayan felt while the police had cracked down on drugs, prostitution and matka gambling, solving of heinous crimes like murders and robberies needed more focus. He said the police force was recruiting personnel to meet manpower requirements and would soon segregate law and order from crime investigations.There was some embarrassment for organisers when some of the traffic wardens from Chorao who were invited for the function, were upset that their voluntary community services were not acknowledged at the function despite being an example of community policing.Esperanca Rodrigues, one of the 12 traffic wardens from Chorao, said, \"We have been doing this community policing for the past three years. We are surprised and hurt that our services were not acknowledged today. We have been totally ignored at this function. We thought we would have been presented with a certificate.\"Edward D'Abreu, also a voluntary traffic warden from Chorao, said \"the traffic wardens should have been acknowledged. That way more people would come forward in voluntarily helping the police.\"The wardens were later mollified by Vishram Borkar, SP Traffic and later met the DGP Kishen Kumar. They were assured that they will soon be given certificates acknowledging their service.Prizes to winners of various essay, poster and photography contests organised by the Goa police were distributed on the occasion. Mayor of Panaji Vaidehi Naik, IGP Sanjay Singh, bureaucrats and the top brass of the police were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17643118", "title": "HC rejects plea to shut power station", "text": "GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana High Court has dismissed a petition filed by a resident of Malibu Towne challenging the setting up of a power sub-station close to his house.The petitioner, Gurbir Singh Dhillon, had approached the court seeking intervention in the proposed power sub-station in the colony. The petitioner is a resident of Sector 47 on Sohna Road. The 66 KVA sub-station is being installed by the Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam (HVPN). The petitioner's main contention was the effects of the sub-station on the health of the residents living in the close vicinity. The petitioner had alleged that exposure to Time-Varying Electric and Magnetic Fields emanating from the sub-station will adversely affect the health of the residents.The work of the installation of the sub-station is being jointly carried out by the builder and the HVPN. The state government counsel argued in the court that the power sub-station is being set up after a lot of deliberation and as per the master plan of the city. The petitioner had earlier approached the city court seeking the work of sub-station installation be stopped. During the arguments, Justice Surya Kant stated that the apprehension expressed by the petitioner regarding adverse affect on health of the residents of the locality on exposure to Time-Varying Electric and Magnetic Fields, is a seriously disputed question of fact, which cannot be resolved in exercise of writ jurisdiction. He further added that the petitioner is advised to approach the civil court obviously to claim damages if any such adverse impact is caused by the proposed power sub-station.The court held that the site was earmarked for a power sub-station in 2000 in the approved layout plan of the builder and the sub-station has been set-up on the earmarked site. The% photographs on record indicate that installation work has substantially been completed and it should not take much time in commissioning of the sub-station.The judge said: \"We are also of the view that the electricity is no longer a luxury but is one of the essential basic amenities needed by all residents of the area. The installation of the sub-station, to provide better electricity supply to the residential areas is, thus, essentially in public interest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17644977", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation set to approve ex-mayor's land exchange request", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former mayor of Hyderabad and Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader Teegala Krishna Reddy's fresh moves to swap his plot with open public spaces at Jubilee Hills Cooperative House Building Society seems to have paid off. The former mayor had been trying to exchange his plot as it was said to have some vaastu problems.The approval for the exchange of plots is set to happen in the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) council (ordinary)meeting to be held in the next couple of weeks. It should be noted that the exchange proposal has not been sent to the state government for clearance. The plots are to be exchanged with open spaces at the Jubilee Hills Cooperative House Building Society layout phase-III.Ironically, the GHMC standing committee and the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department had earlier rejected the former mayor's request for exchange of plots. But the panel has responded positively to his fresh attempts.Sources said Krishna Reddy, who maintains cordial relations with leaders of other parties also, reportedly made sure that the standing committee cleared the proposal a month ago. The 15-member standing committee has members from Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) and Congress corporators.Teegala Krishna Reddy owns plots Nos. 481 and 443-A/13/4 in phase-III measuring 770 sq yrds and 800 sq yrds at Jubilee Hills Cooperative Housing Society. Since the plots have 'vaastu' related problems, being near a slum and in a low-lying area, the TDP leader asked the corporation to allow him to swap his plots with available open spaces in the society land.As soon as the new elected body took over the reins of the corporation in December 2009, he approached the GHMC in early 2010 and put forward his request for exchange of plots. However, the GHMC standing committee rejected his request at its meeting on Sept 29, 2010 as parks and playgrounds in the approved layouts, which were earmarked for public purposes, should not be converted for other purpose as per the AP high court order and government rules.Later, the GHMC sent remarks on the file to the MA&UD; department in January 2011 and the state government too rejected his request in April 2011 since the plot he was asking for had been reserved for a park.The ex-mayor didn't give up and submitted a representation to mayor Mohd Majid Hussain a few months ago. The current mayor directed the commissioner to place the proposal before the standing committee. The GHMC town planning wing placed the proposal before the standing committee in October 2012 which, surprisingly, passed his request despite objections from the town planning wing stating that the earlier government orders were not applicable in this case for the revised layout.The standing committee has resolved to give 478 sq yards of undeveloped open space in lieu of the 770 sq yards and another 508 sq yards in lieu of the 800 sq yards, which are located between plot Nos. 556 and 560 on Road No. 92, Jubilee Hills.\"We thought the proposal will be sent to the MA&UD; department for final approval. However, the standing committee was of the opinion that there was no need to send the file to the government since it had earlier clarified that no further instructions were required. This is nothing but misinterpretation of the government orders,\" an official of the corporation said.When contacted, T Krishna Reddy said he had given the plots to his cousin, who is taking care of the issue, a few years ago. \"Many plots were exchanged in the Jubilee Hills Cooperative Society earlier, including that of former minister JC Diwakar Reddy, and this is not the first case,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643131", "title": "Jaipur Jewellery Show to have 464 stalls this time", "text": "JAIPUR: The 10th edition of the Jaipur Jewellery Show (JJS) is set to dazzle jewellery lovers from December 22 and will continue till December 25 at hotel Rajmahal Palace. This year, the show will have 464 stalls of jewellers from across the globe. They will be displaying their best creative work. The theme of this years show is 'Diamond Jewellery: Jaipur adds colour to it'.The JJS-2012 focuses on the latest designs and new settings of jewellery. People will get to see the latest in fashion, from traditional heavy gold ornaments to light weight jewellery. \"It's a complete jewellery show with stones, gems, diamonds, coloured stones, precious metals, silver, gold, base metal-carving and beads . They will also be marketed during the show,\" said Ajay Kala, spokesperson for JJS-2012.This year, the organizers have added several activities to increase the participation of visitors. JJS jewellers' choice awards will be announced on the inaugural day at hotel Marriot. The awards will be given to the best of 350 entries across 25 products.Apart from display of jewellery, the JJS promises to be a learning experience for businessmen and jewellery lovers. The Gemological Institute of America will make a presentation on 'synthetic diamonds,' while the National Institute of Design will present a talk show on 'Where did my margins go and how do I get them back' and a presentation on 'Future trend visioning'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17645067", "title": "5 Panchaloha idols stolen", "text": "COIMBATORE: Five Panchaloha idols were stolen from Kari Varadaraja Perumal temple near Kattampatti village in the district late Saturday night. The theft came to light early Sunday morning when the temple priest opened the sanctum sanctorum of the temple. Annur police say they had detained a youth on Sunday and would recover the missing idols from him.\"We are grilling the suspect for further details. He has confessed to the crime and has mentioned a location where we will conduct a search on Sunday night,\" Annur police inspector VSS Ananda Arockiaraj said.Police said the idols of the principal deities of the temple including Sridevi, Bhudevi, Kari Varadaraja Perumal, Swami Perumal with 'Prabhavali' and Sakkarathalvar were stolen from the 150-year-old temple. The idols of Swami Perumal and Sakkarathalvar are 100-years-old. The missing idols are estimated to be worth Rs 10 lakh. Thulasidasan, the temple priest, usually stayed at the temple premises during night hours. However, on Saturday around 8.30pm, he slept at his house. He had opened the temple on Sunday morning to perform his usual routine and found the idols missing. He immediately alerted the villagers.C S Balraj, Inspector of Hindu Endowment and Charitable Trust lodged a complaint with Annur police station on Sunday morning. He said, the temple has no burglary alarm. The police registered a case and a detailed investigation is on.Idols thefts have increased in recent years in western Tamil Nadu. As many as three idol theft cases have been registered in Western Tamil Nadu between January 1, 2012 and July 15, 2012. At least six panchaloha idols were stolen from three temples in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Namakkal districts and two idols were seized from thieves.Namakkal police arrested four persons in connection with the theft of idols. In a similar case, which occurred on June 15, 2012, three panchaloha idols were stolen from Thiruvengadamudaiya Srinivasa Perumal temple at Nadupatti village about 22 km away from Tirupur city. The thieves had disconnected the burglar alarm and decamped with Srinivasa Perumal, Sridevi and Poodevi idols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645642", "title": "3 schools to switch board", "text": "KOLKATA: After South Point High School and Modern High School for Girls, it is now turn for the students of Shri Shikshayatan High School, Gokhale Memorial Girls' School and St Xavier's School, Haldia to be among the lucky ones to choose between the Madhyamik and CBSE boards.While the state government has already issued a no-objection certificate (NOC) to St Xavier's School, Haldia, sources in the education department said that the two city schools will soon receive the certificate.K T Thomas, principal of St Xavier's School, said, \"The school is fully sponsored by Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) and Indian Oil Corporation(IOCL). Guardians feel CBSE students have a slight edge in various competitive exams in the country. The CBSE syllabus is more in sync with national entrance tests. It is more forward looking and the board's officials experiment with innovative ideas which are then applied out.\"He said that most of the students were children of employees who have transferrable jobs, adding: \"If we allow complete switchover to CBSE, then there is no hindrance. CBSE has the widest network of affiliated schools in the country. State board students will not have any option but to change boards.\"\"We are now waiting for an affiliation from CBSE by the end of January. Once the approval comes, we shall make the switchover. We may have to continue with the Madhyamik board along with CBSE for another five years as the existing students will have to be allowed to continue in the same board till they pass,\" Thomas said.The administrator of Gokhale Memorial Girls' School, Bani Chakraborty, said, \"We have sought an NOC from the government to be affiliated to dual boards. We would want to give students the option to choose between Madhyamik and CBSE Board.\"She further said that in 2009, the school had sought suggestions from parents for development. \"Among those suggestions, parents had wanted the school to introduce CBSE. The current infrastructure will allow three sections to continue in our school. According to students' response, sections will be divided. The choice will be available for students from Class VI onwards,\" she added.Chakraborty said that they will apply to CBSE for an affiliation only after receiving an NOC from the government. On the other hand, a senior official of Shri Shikshayatan Girls' School said: \"We have not yet received the NOC. The switchover will take at least three more years. Till then, we shall continue to remain within the ambit of the Madhyamik Board.\"South Point High School, which was the last to get an NOC from the state government in 2010, however, has provided students the liberty to choose between Madhyamik and CBSE. \"Since CBSE was offered as a choice to students of Class VI, a majority has chosen to switch from Madhyamik to the CBSE board. Of the 16 sections, 14 are dedicated to CBSE, while the remaining two are allotted to Madhyamik students,\" said a senior teacher of the school.After South Point High School, Modern High School for Girls and Shri Shikshayatan High School, it is time for Gokhale Memorial Girls' School and St Xavier's School, Haldia to join the list of institutions migrating from Madhyamik Board to CBSE or having affiliation to dual boards. The state government has issued No-Objection-Certificates (NOCs) to Gokhale Memorial Girls' School and St Xavier's School, Haldia for such a move.Principal of St Xavier's School, Haldia K.T.Thomas said, \"This is a fully sponsored school by Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) and Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL). Guardians feel that CBSE students have a slight edge in various competitive exams in the country. The CBSE syllabus is more in sync with national entrance tests. It is more forward looking and the board's officials experiment with innovative ideas which are then applied out.\"He added, \"Most of our students are children of employees who have transferrable jobs. If we allow complete switchover to CBSE, then there is no hindrance. CBSE has the widest network of affiliated schools in the country. State board students will not have any option but to change boards.\"The school has around 2,500 students and had received an NOC. \"We are now waiting for an affiliation from CBSE by the end of January. Once the approval comes, we shall make the switchover. We may have to continue with the Madhyamik board along with CBSE for another five years since the existing students will be allowed to continue in the same board till they pass,\" Thomas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643738", "title": "BJP to corner govt on Malik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s comments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik's controversial remarks will have its repercussions in Parliament with the BJP planning to question the government on how he was allowed to get away with his unsavoury pronouncements.Senior BJP leader and former foreign minister Yashwant Sinha has given notice for suspension of zero hour in Lok Sabha on Monday to take up Malik's statements that the 26/11 terror attacks were not carried out by LeT; that Abu Jundal, a key organizer of the Mumbai terror attacks, was an Indian agent, claiming that there was no LeT left in Pakistan and equating the Babri demolition with 26/11.The party will, however, finalize in what manner it plans to raise the issue in both Houses at its meeting on Monday morning.The BJP will demand a statement from home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on why the government failed to counter the claims made by Malik when he was being hosted by India, Sinha told TOI.While the BJP has reasons to question why Malik was allowed to get away with whatever he wanted to say without any counter from the Indian side, the party is also agitated that Malik raked up the Babri demolition when it is an internal matter of India and a Pakistani minister has no diplomatic licence to speak on the issue.Since Malik is known for his controversial remarks, especially to do with India, the question being put to the government is why he was allowed the visit in the first place and then get away with damaging statements on Indian soil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645932", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIndia, the next giant in he\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "SANTIAGO INIGUEZ, president, IE University, talks to Karan Gupta, study abroad consultant, about the challenges facing higher education worldwideWhat are the key challenges facing higher education today?It depends on the region you analyse because we see that the focus has now moved from the Western hemisphere to Asia and so the problems in Europe and in the US are different from those that universities face in Asia or Latin America. For example, if you look at Europe and US, you'll find that we are attending to problems of governance at most universities, financing models and how to bring innovation into the reality and maximise the learning process of users and technology in the learning process. On the other hand, if you look at Asia or Latin America (which has a lot of similarities vis-a-vis higher education ), I guess that the challenges are how to build up prestigious accredited institutions with global status , how to develop their own research and contribution to knowledge from their distinctive perspective and how to build up sustainable models of universities that can transform the world of higher education. So both worlds are complementary and up until now Western universities have been to some extent an inspiration for Asian universities. In future, it may be reverse where Asian universities will become references for many Western universities.Any steps that you have taken to help overcome the challenges?One of the steps I have taken is to organise the Reinventing Higher Education conference. This conference aims at attracting different stakeholder groups. Traditionally, debates on higher education institutions have been confined to the walls of universities. We are very much in need of opening up this debate to representatives from companies, employers, opinion-makers , media, government and students. Education is not something that happens inside universities. Universities have to know that it is our duty to respond in the best possible way to the maximum benefit of society to produce not just valuable knowledge but also training good and competent professionals. So the first thing we are doing is running these conferences with the aim of providing references of good practices of new models that can transform higher education. We are developing universities, which are changing the way higher education is perceived. For example, we are inserting modules and courses on management and humanities that are common to different disciplines . So we combine the best of the traditional liberal arts curriculum and specialised traditions which are more common in Europe. We are developing and nurturing a new class of faculty that sometimes are referred to as kangaroos. They are not only 'gurus' of knowledge but also are people who can jump from research to management. Hence, we are developing a new style of diversity that takes into account the new contribution from technology.What is India's role in the global higher education scenario?India is going to become the next giant of higher education. It will become the first market very soon in terms of demand because of its large population. Second, it is an English-speaking market, which will provide many opportunities for other international universities. And third, the talent that India is producing at the primary and secondary schools is exceptional. These circumstances make India probably the most attractive market for higher education in the future.What do you think is the future of online education?We are now in the second revolution of e-learning . The first one took place in early-2000 and at that time probably the market was not prepared for all the offerings that were coming from pioneering institutions. But now we are in the second tsunami in higher education which is being led by a number of institutions. In time, online education will affect the very nature of universities and change aspects of higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649124", "title": "Justin Bieber gifts pet hamster to fan", "text": "Singer Justin Bieber has gifted his pet hamster to a fan that he adopted a few months ago.The 18-year-old, who has a huge female fan following, gave his pet to a girl after a performance at Jingle Ball in Atlanta , reports tmz.com.In a video recorded Bieber is seen saying to the girl: \"You gotta take care of Pac.\"The fan replied by saying: \"I will take care of him\".Bieber had adopted the animal in October this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644386", "title": "1,000 cases in 30 years: Ex-prof set to be declared vexatious litigant", "text": "MUMBAI: A former Mumbai college professor who has filed around 1,000 cases in a span of 30 years is in the dock before the Bombay high court. A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sambhaji Shinde will decide on an application by the Maharashtra government to declare Kavadu alias Kishore alias Kavdur Khandale as a vexatious litigant. The court is scheduled to take up the state's plea for final hearing on Monday.Khandale, a former professor at Ismail Yusuf College and Elphinstone College, is reported to have filed 1,000 cases against various people in 30 years since the 1970s. Khandale's \"victims\" included senior Shiv Sena leader and two-time member of Parliament, the late Madhukar Sarpotdar.One of the first cases that Khandale had filed was in 1972, when he accused a student of Ismail Yusuf College of promising to marry him but instead cheating him of 25 tolas of gold, costly sarees and cash of Rs 25,000. Dr Devyani Dave, former principal of Ismail Yusuf College, was another person who found herself on Khandale's wrong side. Following a departmental inquiry she initiated against Khandale, he slapped two cases against her under the Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities Act) in 1992. Some of the other cases he filed accused women of cheating him of 25 tolas of gold and against men alleging threat to kill him and cheating him of cash.While the case against Sarpotdar was disposed of, Dave has had to do the rounds of the courts to get the case against her struck down. Khandale's rein of litigations finally came to a halt when the state filed an application in 2003, urging the court to declare him as a vexatious litigant.Under the Maharashtra Vexatious Litigation (Prevention) Act, the HC can declare a person a vexatious litigant if it is convinced that he has \"habitually and without any reasonable ground instituted proceedings, civil or criminal, in any court, whether against the same person or against different persons\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17648738", "title": "Essar hand in child healthcare services.", "text": "RANCHI: As part of its commitment to improve the quality of healthcare services in and around the areas of its operations, the Essar Group inaugurated a round-the-clock maternal and child health services at the government health subcentre at Mahuamilan village in Latehar district. The project will be managed jointly by district health department. The general outpatient department, which functioned six day a week, will now work on all the seven days. tnnEssar Foundation, the CSR arm of the Essar Group, has provided trained health personnel, essential laboratory equipment, medicines and facilities such as generator, deep freezer and other essentials required to run the centre smoothly. It has also undertaken to repair and renovation work in the existing building such as electrical wiring, flooring and white washing.Essar Foundation manager Vikas Yadavendu said, \"This partnership will be the key towards achieving Millennium Development Goal of the UN and National Rural Health Mission goal by reducing the maternal mortality rate and infant mortality rate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13595973", "title": "When unmarried Kulraj played married woman", "text": "Actress Kulraj Randhawa of Chaar Din Ki Chaandni and Yamla Pagla Deewana fame, rose to success with Zee TV serial Kareena Karrena .Kulraj used to portray the character of a naughty housewife, who was working in an organisation where married women were not allowed. The show gained huge TRP throughout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649660", "title": "CS Amudhan's film nears completion", "text": "CS Amudhan's second film 'Rendavathu Padam' starring Vimal, Ramya Nambeesan, Vijayalakshmi is nearing completion. The crew have finished shooting of the movie except for two songs which are to be shot at the earliest. The audio of the movie is expected to be launched soon.The film has been in the making for some time and it is touted to be another humour-based one. A one-minute teaser of Rendavathu Padam was released a few months back and it had whipped the curiosity of the audience on what exactly the film is about.' Rendavathu Padam ' is CS Amudhan's second film after his spoof film titled ' Tamil Padam ' and the director has confirmed the movie is not a parody script like his earlier critically acclaimed film.Recently two crew members from the upcoming movie Rendavathu Padam were arrested in Pondicherry on the charge of destruction of public property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645528", "title": "Railway job racket busted, 4 held", "text": "KOLKATA: The railway police on Sunday busted a job racket, which is suspected to have robbed job aspirants of Rs 4 crore, and unearthed a huge cache of fake railway identity cards, appointment letters and other official documents. Investigators had started a probe after they got a whiff of the fraud when four victims from Birbhum lodged a complaint with the Sealdah GRP. Four persons were also arrested following a raid.In their complaint, four job-seekers had reported that they were given appointment letters, identity cards and letters for appearing in medical tests at B R Singh Railway Hospital after each of them had paid Rs 20,000. But when they reached the hospital for the physical test, the hospital authority said no such test was being conducted there.When the quartet understood that they were duped, they mustered courage to approach the Sealdah GRP. They also gave some leads to the investigators.Relying on the information, police started probing the case and found a parallel railway recruitment board. Carrying out a raid at a hideout near Dum Dum railway station, they found a huge cache of printed materials, including identity cards and appointment letters. Four persons - Gopal, Dibyendu and Pradip and Sonali Guha - were arrested following the raid. Police suspect at least 2,000 persons were duped by the gang.It is also suspected that the gang has a close link with the railway job racket that was busted in August, when two persons were arrested for duping hundreds of job aspirants. According to police, the accused, who are residents of Rajasthan , run the racket from the city. For the past few months, they have allegedly cheated around 2,000 youths by taking Rs 5 lakh from each in exchange of promises for railway jobs, according to sources at Lalbazar. The accused had even rented a flat in the DLF Building in Rajarhat and stayed there with their families, said an investigating officer.On Sunday, police laid a trap and asked the accused to come near Sealdah station. When they arrived. cops nabbed two of the gang. After interrogating them, the cops got information on their hideout in Dum Dum and raided the place and arrested another two. They were produced in a city court later in the day, where they were remanded in police custody for seven days.A senior officer of the city police said that they were probing whether any inter-state racket was involved in the fraud. A team of city police may visit Rajasthan for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645421", "title": "More women hands sought in hospital devpt society", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Women organizations in the district have demanded more representation for women in the hospital development society of the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH).K Ajitha, president of Anweshi women counselling centre said the state government has introduced 50% seats for women in local self-government bodies. ``The authorities concerned should take measures to ensure 50% reservation for women in hospital development societies too,'' said Ajitha.Members of the centre also said the female members should not belong to any political parties.\"We don't say men are insensitive towards women's issues. The representation of more women would help address the issues of women as the medical college caters to the needs of six districts in northern Kerala,'' said Streechethana general secretary Dr K S Jayasree.\"More representation of women in the society will also ensure effective execution of schemes for women. Right now there exists no mechanism to bring such issues to the notice of the hospital authorities,'' she said.Mayor A K Premajam, who is one of the non-official members of the former HDS, said it would be ideal if the HDS gets more female representation.Corporation ward councillor M Mohanan, who was the former member of the HDS, has a different view. \"I didn't come across any inequality while taking up women's issues and welfare programmes,'' he said.\"Only a policy change at the government level would ensure the inclusion of more women in the official panel,\" said Medical college hospital superintendent Dr C Ravindran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644248", "title": "Bird Race sees women enter the fray", "text": "NAGPUR: Among the many participants, the HSBC Bird Race also had an all woman team in the fray. Members of environmental clubs hailing from a city school and college also participated.\"About 130 participants participated in 30 teams. Also, 25 members of HSBC bank went for bird watching today,\" said Surendra Agnihotri, superintendent of central excise and customs who was one of the coordinators of the programme.Archana Waranashiwar, leader of the women's team, said, \"We are housewives and were always interested in nature. We read about this race in the newspapers and contacted the organizers and here we are.\" They spotted around 32 species.Facebook has proved to be a big platform for connecting birders, said Tarun Balpande, another coordinator of the event. Students of the eco club of Ramdeobaba College of Engineering and Management connected with experienced bird watchers through the Facebook page Bird Katta.\"We post photos of birds we cannot identify on the page to get help from the seniors and we got to know about the race through it. We spotted around 130 species today,\" said Abhijit Dey, one of the students.Ten members of the Sandipani Green Club of Sandipani School (SSC branch) also participated in the race under the guidance of the club's secretary Kalyani Phate. \"It was a great experience for the students. It took them closer to nature,\" she said.The first prize in the race went to team Elite Egret headed by Dr Arpit Bansal which spotted 159 species of birds. The second prize went to Gallant Geese team headed by Muktanand Navghari and Netaji Chinchlkar which spotted close to 158 species. The bird of the day award went to Ballions Crake which was spotted by the Sensational Stork team headed by Yogesh Ganu. Others were also felicitated during the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644675", "title": "'Urban area tag to state limits LPG outlets'", "text": "PANAJI: If the oil companies in Goa implement their marketing plan, the state could benefit from at least eight more dealers to provide efficient service to consumers, Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN) stated.The classification of the state as an urban area restricts the opening of LPG dealerships under Rajiv Gandhi Gramin LPG Vitaran Yojana ( RGGLVY).In a letter to the minister of civil supplies and consumer affairs, Dayanand Mandrekar, GOACAN has sought his intervention, alleging that the LPG dealers enjoy a monopoly and the consumers are suffering due to a host of problems.The NGO has petitioned the district collectors in their capacity as chairmen of the district consumer protection councils. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17643225", "title": "Five-judge bench to settle minority scholarship issue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has constituted a five-judge bench to determine whether extending financial support to a particular religious group or minority community should be considered a violation of the Constitution. The Constitution prohibits discrimination on religious grounds.The full bench has been constituted after a division bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala ruled in October that a pre-metric scholarship offered by the Centre for children of five minority communities in Gujarat was in violation of constitutional provisions. The issue reached the high court after the state government refused to implement this scheme in Gujarat on the grounds that it would be discrimination against other communities.A Congress leader from Kutch filed a PIL on a report published by TOI, saying that the state government did not implement the scheme for the benefit of minorities by adding its share to the funds offered by the Centre.However, a division bench of former chief justice K S Radhakrishnan and Justice Akil Kureshi had concluded in 2010 that extending financial support to a religious minority for the purpose of uplift cannot be considered as violation of Article 15(1) of the Constitution. This was in response to a PIL filed by former BJP MLA and advocate Vijay Patel, who had questioned the 15-point programme for the uplift of the Muslim community across the country on the recommendations made by the Rajinder Sachar committee.The bench headed by Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya referred the issue to a larger bench because his bench's view differed from the view taken by the earlier bench.Five judges - V M Sahai, D H Waghela, R R Tripathi, Akil Kureshi and J B Pardiwala - will sit in the larger bench on Tuesday to decide two questions referred by the division bench. First will be whether the pre-matriculation scholarship scheme violates Article 15(1) of the Constitution and a direction should be given to the state government to implement it. The second will be whether the earlier decision of the division bench lays down the correct proposition that the scheme in question does not violate any constitutional provision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648145", "title": "GV Prakash to produce films?", "text": "GV Prakash recently crossed 25 films as a music composer and the latest we hear is that the musician is now looking to produce movies.His banner will be called 'GV Prakash Kumar Productions'. Vikram Sukumaran, an assistant of ace director Balu Mahendra will direct the first film under his production house. Interestingly, Vikram had shared the credits for scriptwriting with Vetrimaaran for the National-Award- winning film, Aadukalam , for which GV Prakash had scored the music.For the maiden production, one of GV Prakash's assistants will score the music. The shoot for the film will go on floors in January. The cast and crew are likely to be announced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644514", "title": "Liquor sale in sachets banned", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has banned the sale of liquor-Indian made foreign liquor and country liquor-in sachets and pouches in Goa.A recent notification by the finance department noted that the easy availability of liquor (IMFL/CL) in sachets and pouches and their uncontrolled sale has lured students to experiment with liquor which has created a negative impact and tension in society.The notification also said that consumption of liquor from sachets and pouches takes place among migrant labourers, who discard the empty sachets and pouches on roads, in gutters, nullahs and waterways, thereby blocking and chocking the drainages and waterway systems, thus causing environmental pollution in the towns and villages.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had, in August, assured the legislative assembly that the government would stop packaging of alcohol in small plastic sachets as these were being peddled to students. He had also remarked that discarded plastic sachets and pouches were causing an environmental problem in the state.Sanvordem BJP MLA Ganesh Gaonkar had raised the issue of alcohol packed in small plastic sachets being sold to students at Rs 5 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645625", "title": "When Grandpa Kapoor turned 100", "text": "Remember Kaifi Azmi in Naseem (1995)? The freedom-fighter grandfather in Saeed Mirza's film could've been modelled on Shaukat Riaz Kapoor who stepped into his 100th year on Sunday. For, Kapoor too was jailed in 1942 for his involvement in the Quit India movement. But while the persona essayed by Kaifi died on the day of the Babri Demolition, signifying the collapse of India's secular structure, the Kolkatan with the pen name of 'Salik Lucknawi' never needed to regain his faith. Disregarding his advancing years and falling fitness, he continued to read in Bengali, write in English and edit Aabshaar, an Urdu evening paper that became popular due to its highlighting of social problems in verse!Four years before his birth in 1913, his father Tulsi Ram Kapoor had embraced Islam to become Tareq Riaz Kapoor. A month after Tagore won the Nobel Prize, Salik was born into a noble family of Lucknow known for its patriotism. The years since have seen the rise and demise of Gandhi, Nehru, Bose, Lajpat Rai, Maulana Azad, Muzaffar Ahmed... They've bore the brunt of the Quit India movement, the Partition of 1947, the Bangladesh Liberation War... They've witnessed the October Revolution, the World Wars, the fall of the Berlin Wall, the onset of Y2K - and even the theft of the Nobel in Santiniketan!Through all such turbulent events Lucknawi retained his faith in humanity by serving countless numbers. He saved people from insane communal riots that besieged his land. He strove to rehabilitate Bangla refugees. He headed the Calcutta Muslim Orphanage for children and women. He founded the CMO High School. He steered Anjuman Taraqqui-e-Urdu. He served KMC as Alderman (1985-1990)...What kept Lucknawi going? Perhaps the intellectual stimulation of friends and peers like Kaifi Azmi, Ismat Chughtai, Qurratulain Haider, Faiz Ahmed Faiz , Subhash Mukhopadhyay, Syed Sajjad Zaheer, Hiren Mukherjee. Inspired and influenced by them as much as by Iqbal and Marx, he joined the Progressive Writers Movement in 1938. In 1956 he started Aabshaar - and to date he remains its chief editor. In fact, through all these years he has never rested his pen.Short stories, Urdu poetry, reinterpretation of Urdu couplets, humorous and satirical prose, journalistic stories, translations, ghazals, nazms, essays... Breathless? We are, not him, although there was a long gap of 40 years after his first collection of stories, Azra Aur Deegar Afsane came out in 1941. Among the works that posterity will treasure in the days to come are Be-Sar-O-Pa (Preposterous), his satirical writings that came out of his imprisonment when he got a microscopic view of men and their socio-political behaviour. There's his translation of Muzaffar Ahmed's 'Myself and the Communist Party of India .' But most of all there's Bangal Mein Urdu Nasr Ki Tarikh, a studied history of Urdu Prose in Bengal, where the elite once took pride in their knowledge of Arabic and Persian more than their erudition in English or French.An arts graduate from St Xavier's and a BCom from City College, Lucknawi's secular bearings have been sustained by his family. Daughter, daughter-in-law, grand-daughter - if one is from Punjab, another comes from UP, a third is married in Bengal... Small wonder, the felicitations on his turning 100 were read out in Urdu, Hindi, English, Bengali.Perhaps Saeed's Naseem should meet this grandfather in Kolkata's Crescent House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17643409", "title": "Graeme Swann takes his 20th wicket of the series", "text": "NAGPUR: England off-spinner Graeme Swann , on Sunday, became the first bowler in this series to complete 20 wickets at an average of 24.75.Swann's act was later followed by India's left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha , who bagged his 20th scalp the same afternoon.Tailender Piyush Chawla was Swann's 20th wicket while Ojha sent back England opener Nick Compton to complete the haul at an average of 29.30.Ojha has achieved the distinction for the second time in his Test career. In the 2011-12 series against the West Indies, he had first taken 20 wickets at 22.50 runs apiece.No overseas spinner has enjoyed such an fine Test outing in India in a single series as Swann, who is busy playing the last of the Test series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645485", "title": "Vijay Divas celebrated", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district committee of the Poorva Sainika Seva Parishad organized Vijay divas and family get- together at the district sainik welfare office auditorium here on Sunday.Athletics coach T Somasundara Kurup inaugurated the function. K Sethumadhavan, state secretary of the organization delivered keynote address.The parishad also felicitated soldiers who had participated in the 1971 war.The committee also felicitated twenty students who were part of the all India 'sarhatko pranam' team.The team returned to the district after visiting the border areas of Bhutan .Colonel Ayilliath, state patron of the parishad colonel P K P V Panicker, Muraligopan, Koyilandy Taluk secretary of the Parishad Sathyanathan, Balussery Taluk secretary were among those spoke on the occasion. Variety entertainment programmes were also held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643817", "title": "India develops indigenous Japanese Encephalitis vaccine", "text": "NEW DELHI: The world's first vaccine against Japanese Encephalitis (JE), created using an Indian strain of the virus, is now ready.National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune had provided Bharat Biotech with a strain of the JE virus collected from Kolar in Karnataka \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a hotbed for JE infections, for the vaccine. Bharat has just submitted the results from the final human trials to the drug controller general of India (DCGI) for marketing clearance.Speaking to TOI, Dr Raj Shankar Ghosh from PATH, an organization instrumental in conducting JE vaccinations across India since 2006 in 15 states and 118 districts, told TOI that the injectible vaccine has been found to have a protection rate of over 90% and can be used on the 1-15 years age group.\"The application for marketing approval has already been submitted to the DCGI. The clinical data will also be placed before the Indian Council of Medical Research for review in January. ICMR's scientific committee provides technical support to the government on effectiveness of vaccines following which a decision is taken on whether it can be introduced in the public health programme,\" Dr Ghosh said.Interestingly, according to PATH's country programme leader Tarun Vij, the vaccine, besides protecting against the Indian strains of JE, is also effective against the Nakayama strain - the original strain from Japan, and the Biken strain that circulates in other Asian countries.At present, India imports its entire stock of JE vaccine from China's National Biotech Group. The arrival of the indigenous Indian vaccine will greatly help protect the country's population against a disease that is growing in numbers.Sources in Bharat Biotech said, \"The vaccine offers cross-protection against other serotypes. The Kolar strain is as important as the one circulating in Gorakhpur - a major hotbed of JE transmission. It is adapted for better stability in Indian conditions. Preclinical toxicology studies have been completed besides all three phases of clinical trials. The Indian vaccine, which is the first of its kind third generation inactivated cell culture vaccine after mouse brain vaccine and live vaccine, will protect against JE infections in India, South Asian and Southeast Asian countries. It is highly stable vaccine in ready to inject liquid formulation.\"Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that India recorded nearly 7,800 cases of AES till December 11 with nearly 1,200 deaths. The number of cases and deaths of AES have been increasing every year. In 2009, India recorded 4,975 cases and 779 deaths followed by 5,167 cases and 679 deaths in 2010, 8,249 cases and 1169 deaths in 2011.JE, a mosquito-borne virus, affects the central nervous system. It is transmitted to humans via the bite of an infected mosquito. The mosquitoes usually get infected when feeding on domestic pigs carrying the virus.The Cabinet recently approved a proposal for a comprehensive multi pronged strategy for the prevention and control of JE and Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES). The plan will be implemented in 60 priority districts for a period of five years till 2017. The programme is expected to cost Rs 3,354 crore.JE mostly affects children below 15 years of age. About 25% of affected children die and among survivors about 30%-40% suffer from physical and mental impairment. In 2011, JE was reported from 135 districts in 17 states.Even though the Chinese vaccine SA 14 was developed in 1990, there have been some lingering concerns over its safety. Scientists say the live attenuated virus in the Chinese vaccine could multiply in vector and recombine with local viruses resulting in creation of recombinant viruses with unknown characteristics.Dr Ghosh said, \"SA 14 will finally get prequalification certificate from the World Health Organization in 2013. GAVI has already passed a board resolution countries can apply for GAVI funding to procure the vaccine once it gets prequalification.\"In 2006, India first imported 12 million doses of the anti-JE vaccine from China and immunized 9.3 million children from 11 districts in four states. A ministry official said, \"We require around 115 lakh to 350 lakh doses of JE vaccine every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17642740", "title": "1000 Guineas is Vijays Pride", "text": "MUMBAI: Hyderabad challenger Vijays Pride edged out Showin'off in a thrilling last 50 metres duel to claim the top prize of Rs 33,30,000 in the Gitanjali Indian 1000 Guineas, the first of the four Classics of the Mumbai Season and the feature event of the Sunday's races at the Mahalaxmi Racecourse.The winner was ridden by Pradeep Chauhan and trained by VLR Deshmukh.Defying the pre-race doubts of lack of experience on the Mumbai track, multi-classics winner Vijays Pride gave enough indications of her staying ability.She was lying last till 800 metres from home before covering ground to join Showin'off in the photo-finish. Well backed Neona had hit the front entering home stretch but failed to sustain the momentum. Portia finished third.\"I knew my filly will stay and that's why I didn't even put pressure on her when fighting with Showin'off in the last 50 metres,\" said Chouhan who had migrated to southern centres in 2007 after starting his career at Mumbai in 1998.For the 34-year-old rider, this was his first Indian Classics triumph after having won 12 classics at other centres.Trainer Deshmukh, who also landed his first Indian Classic on Sunday, said the only thing bothering him was the weather. \"My filly is a dry-coated horse and doesn't sweat. Luckily it was not that humid today,\" he added the 41-year-old.Results1. M N Nazir Trophy: Clinton 1, Lake Paradise 2, Star Mountain 3, Celestial Call 4. Tote: Rs 49 for win; 21, 12 for places; Shp: 32; Fc: 76; Q: 26; Tanala: 334 and 236.2. Jacqueline Trophy: Black Magic Woman 1, Vittoria 2, Coccinella 3, Silk Cut 4. Tote: Rs 22 for win; 13, 13 for places; Shp: 27; Fc: 25; Q: 20; Tanala: 34 and 19.3. Faiz Jasdanwalla Trophy: Caruso 1, Rio 2, Forest Vision 3, Holy Bull 4. Tote: Rs 59 for win; 19, 12, 10 for places; Shp: 29; Fc: 131; Q: 43; Tanala: 208 and 77.4. Maharashtra, Gujarat &amp; Goa Area Trophy: Hamlet 1, Razeenaa 2, Dancing Splendour 3, Queen's Camp 4. Tote: Rs 16 for win; 13, 18 for places; Shp: 29; Fc: 28; Q: 28; Tanala: 134 and 80.5. Gracias Saldanha Memorial Million: Star Trainer 1, Ranthambhore 2, Amadeus 3, Ancient Wonder 4. Tote: Rs 137 for win; 34, 35, 19 for places; Shp: 111; Fc: 1356; Q: 602; Tanala: 7842 and 1494.6. Gitanjali Indian 1000 Guineas (Grade 1): Vijays Pride 1, Showin'off 2, Portia 3, Neona 4. Shd, 1-3/4, 1. T:1:35.78. Tote: Rs 37 for win; 15, 44, 10 for places; Shp: 120; Fc: 570; Q: 551; Tanala: 1553 and 538.7. P D Bolton Trophy: Ishpingo 1, Rising Power 2, Daffodils 3, Borderline 4. Tote: Rs 27 for win; 13, 12, 17 for places; Shp: 33; Fc: 38; Q: 23; Tanala: 180 and 121.8. Uttam Singh Trophy: Edge Of Glory 1, O'princess 2, Daughterofdestiny 3, Laurus Pride 4. Tote: Rs 30 for win; 15, 15, 24 for places; Shp: 48; Fc: 138; Q: 32; Tanala: 506 and 306. Jackpot: 70% Rs 19918 (47) &amp; 30% 1832 (219); Super Jackpot: 70% c/f &amp; 30% 44245 (4); 1st Treble: 1655 (12); 2nd Treble: 314 (141).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17648655", "title": "Telcos average revenue per user down 24 per cent in 2008-11: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The average revenue per user of mobile operators have declined by up to 24 per cent during 2008 and 2011 due to increased cost to support customer service, said a study.\"ARPU (average revenue per user) for GSM operators declined at an average CAGR ( compounded annual growth rate) of about 24 per cent between 2008 and 2011, while for CDMA operators ARPU fell at a CAGR of 13 per cent during the same period,\" said a report 'Envisioning the Next Telecom Revolution' by Ficci, DoT and AT Kearney.It attributed the decline to \"rapidly evolving technology environment and increased cost to support improved customer service offerings\". It added that competition in the Indian wireless market is among the highest globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643052", "title": "Rajathan to launch free diabetes test from April", "text": "JAIPUR: As instances of lifestyle diseases are on the rise, the state government is intensifying the fight to check its growing threat on the urban as well as the rural population.In one such effort, free test for diabetes will be launched in the state soon. The state government is already providing free diabetes medicines including Metformin capsules, Glimepiride tablets, and insulin under the chief minister free medicine scheme.Now, the government has decided to make diagnostic test for diabetes free from April 7, 2013.The Rajasthan Medical Services Corporation (RMSC) will launch the scheme in the state. The free test for diabetes will be launched at all the medical colleges of the state government and district hospitals.The recently released annual health survey for 2010-11 shows that in the rural areas of the state, 67 persons out of a lakh suffer from diabetes. The overall figure for Rajasthan stands at 135 against a population of one lakh.RMSC managing director Dr Samit Sharma said, \"Test for diabetes is one among the several diagnostic tests which will be conducted free of cost from April 7. It will cost us Rs 2 per test.\"The test for diabetes would be conducted through auto analyzers and not by glaucometers. The auto analyzer is a relatively inexpensive method to measure true glucose in blood.Dr Sharma said, \"In India, around 50% of diabetes cases remain undiagnosed. Besides, over 23% of the patients don't have enough money for treatment. So, free medicines and free diagnostic test will make healthcare facilities accessible to even the underprivileged.\"The test for diabetes costs around Rs30-50 at some private diagnostic centers. At the Sawai Man Singh hospital the test for diabetes costs Rs20.The RMSC has included electrocardiogram (ECG) in the list of diagnostic tests which will be conducted for free at hospitals. The more advanced tests like CT scan, MRI, X-ray and angioplasty have been excluded from the scheme.Dr Sharma said, \"Basic diagnostic tests will be made available in the scheme which will include 55 tests at the medical college level and 42 at the district hospital level. This will provide relief to a majority of the patients coming to the hospitals.\"The RMSC will include pathology tests, blood and urine test among some basic tests which are used in diagnosing various diseases. The state government has allotted Rs200 crore for a year for the free diagnostic scheme.The RMSC is providing free Glimepiride, an oral blood-glucose-lowering drug for diabetes, from the Drug Distribution Centres (DDC). The RMSC is procuring it at Rs1.95 per 10 tablets. The cost of the same drug, which is available under a certain brand name in the open market, costs Rs125 per 10 tablets. Also, insulin is available free of cost at the DDC for diabetic patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643742", "title": "Sites located for executive lounges at Charbagh station", "text": "LUCKNOW: There is progress in the development of the first executive lounge planned at Charbagh railway station. The sites have been identified for the two lounges to come up at both Charbagh and Lucknow Junction (LJn) station for passengers who visit the city for official purpose and do not have to stay for longer than a few hours. The facility can be used also by those who have to wait at the station to board the train to their next destination.The lounge will be developed by the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC). Zonal railways have to identify locations for building the lounge and hand it over to IRCTC for construction. The main station has identified a location close to platform no. 1. \"It is yet to be handed over to us,\" said Manoj Sinha, chief regional manager, IRCTC, Lucknow. On the other hand, things are under process at LJn. The North Eastern Railway (NER) has identified the site for developing the lounge in the new hall which has been constructed at LJn.An executive lounge will not only provide a comfortable stay, but also free refreshments and a meal. A passenger can book a lounge for four hours and pay Rs 300 as entry charge. A facility of advance booking will be extended to people on IRCTC website, once the lounge comes into existence. It will be of much use to passengers on a break-journey. There might be a facility to book it in advance too. Once the lounge comes up, IRCTC will decide on other facilities that can be provided at the place.The facilities at the lounge would include a reclining sofa or a couch, free meal-vegetarian or non-vegetarian-snacks, drinks and beverages, Internet surfing, magazines and newspapers. The round-the-clock lounge will also have a gift (bouquets, etc) corner, medicine counter and dial-a-taxi service. But, all these facilities will be on-payment. \"It's because of the range of facilities that we wish to provide at the lounge that at least 3,000 sq ft space will be required to build it,\" said the official.IRCTC has decided to set up executive lounge in Lucknow, Gorakhpur, Varanasi, Kathgodam and Allahabad. After identification of sites for developing the lounge, the bidding process will begin once permission from the competent authority (General Manager) is granted. IRCTC has allowed tendering in Delhi and Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644441", "title": "Kochi international film fest gets off to a messy start", "text": "KOCHI: If the city can be proud of the Kochi-Muziris Biennale, the first edition of the Kochi International Film Festival (KIFF) left a lot to be desired as screenings began on Sunday before the inauguration.Organizers were conspicuously absent in the morning and theatres screening films - Saritha, Savitha, Sangeetha and Sreedhar - had no clue about film schedules with dejected fans, who were hoping to watch critically-acclaimed movies, seen in heated arguments with theatre staff. As if on cue, chief minister Oommen Chandy , who was to inaugurate the fest, also decided to skip the event.When TOI quizzed district collector P I Sheik Pareeth, he admitted that there were some drawbacks in the organisation of the international film fest. The festival is being organized by Cochin-Gateway Entertainment Management Society (C-GEMS) in association with the district administration and Cochin Corporation. Assistant collector Gokul G R said that they would sort out all issues at the earliest.The organizers had earlier shifted their inaugural function from Durbar Hall ground to Saritha theatre in the last minute as work at the original venue was not over.A brochure, which seemed to be put together as an after thought, only provided information regarding the screening of films for the first three days. Sources said that organisers do not have any clue about films to be screened at the fest though they had announced a list of 70 films. \"The organisation of the film fest is very poor. Nobody has any clue about the movies that will be screened hereThey could have made it a mega event by organising it efficiently,\" said Binoy Puthussery, an HR consultant, who came for the fest on Sunday. \"The prints of many films are yet to arrive and we cannot provide information on screenings. Hopefully, all prints will arrive in the next two days from Goa and Thiruvananthapuram. We can come up with a brochure on screenings only after that,\" said an official associated with the fest.The organisers also remained clueless on the participation of delegates. \"We have invited many eminent people from the film industry but we are not sure how many will come for the event. All those with delegate passes will be allowed to attend the screenings,\" festival organizers said.Compared to over 7,000 delegate passes issued for the recently concluded International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK), around 200 people came for screenings at Savitha and Sangeetha theatres on Sunday. Sources said that the low turnout was mainly due to the poor publicity given to the event.Screenings began at 2 pm with 'At the Horizon' at Sangeetha theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17649036", "title": "Youth trained at Gurukul get employers from abroad", "text": "GUMLA: Gurukul , the skill development institute which offers job guarantee after training youth in different industrial trades, has got employers from abroad. Shahnawaz Ali, the lead Sewak of Gurukul which is run by PAN IIT Reach for India, said expert trainers would impart training in plumbing and electrical mechanics at Bundu, an electro-mechanical services Gurukul which will be a joint venture of the Jharkhand government, Confederation of Indian Industry and Nabard.\"Now Jharkhand boys will work in Qatar, Dubai and Abhdhabi,\" Ali said, adding thatthe Gumla model has been successful and over 245 youths - all poor dropouts -have been employed in Shapoorji-Pallonji projects sites in Bhubneshwar, Vishakhapatnam and Bengalore, since its opening in January 2012. The chief operating officer of Trans Gulf, VSC Sekhar Reddy, and CEO Prakash Khatri and its human resource (HR) head Syed Karim Basa visited Gumla Gurukul to monitor how young talents are being groomed in different trades before being employed in organized companies in India.A new Gurukul on the lines of Gumla model will be set up at Naxalite-hit Bundu in Ranchi district soon. The youth, mostly dropouts, will be trained there in new trades like plumber and electrical mechanics and after completion of training they will get job abroad- Qatar, Dubai and Abudhabi. In Gumla it was a convergence of the district administration, Hindalco and NABARD set up with the initiative of former DC Rahul Sharma under the integrated action plan as a drive to train rural youths for placement in organized sectors in this Naxal and poverty ridden district.Also , the trained boys are happy working in big project sites in big cities with advanced tools sending good message and money they are earning there to their families in villages. There living standards have changed remarkably from the state of extreme paucity.Class X passed Praful Oraon of Maoist hit Bishunpur block in the district told TOI over phone from RNZ project site in Bangalore that he is very happy with the job and my parents will be feeling good when will send money to them. Mahesh Singh of Banaghutu village in Basia and others are in three project sites 30 storey information technology park and 30 storey five star hotels besides a residential complex in Bangalore for a Singapore firm, said IAS probation Manjunath Bhajantri.He inquired about their lodging, medical facilities and found them satisfactory while the boys beaming.An average Rs 8000 - 10000 is the payment almost all youths are now getting from their jobs and their accounts have been opened in SBI Gumla, said Awadesh Kumar Pande, principal of Gumla Gurukul who is in contact with the boys working in the three states. Till date 7 the batch have completed training in bar bending scaffolding and masonry,added Uma Shanker Yadav mason trainer. A new trade forklift operation has also been initiated here.First batch of forklift operators are likely to join TVS firm either in Chenai or Delhi, said district planning officer JJ B Tirkey. Boys from Simdega, Ranchi, Latehar and Lohardaga too have got employment after being trained in Gumla.Interestingly, those have got job after getting training here has been instrumental in pulling other rural drop outs to this multi skill Gurukul here. Through Bijendra Bhagat of Redwa Kuchitoli under Sisai block who is working in Bhubaneswar, over 25 youths have joined skill development programme here. Red hit area youths too have been getting training after some got job. Manoj Pradhan and Mahju Pradhan both drop outs after class VI hails from , Lauki Jhatnitoli village, the Maoists zone in Raidih block enrolled themselves after one Jagarnath Oraon, a resident of nearby Kanstarn village in Palkot block got employment.How the capacity of rural raw hands is built in to an skilled one led Trans Gulf corporate to visit Gumla. \" It is a pleasure to see a committed team working for welfare and uplift of the deserved. A role model which needs all support and encouragement to spread the good services to benefit all,\" said Reddy.Khatri termed the Gurukul as a very impressive and simple approach for grooming raw hands for a definite purpose for industrial companies.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644883", "title": "Who is the best of all", "text": "The appetite for rankings of the world's top B-schools remains undiminished, with BusinessWeek, the latest to produce its biennial MBA ranking last month amidst a wealth of data on salaries, selectivity and student satisfaction.Critics of the MBA rankings, and there are many of them, point out that they typically only measure what is easy to count - things like post-MBA salaries, GMAT scores and the percentage of international students and faculty. The overreliance on self-reported data is also called into question, and the absence of any meaningful indicators for teaching quality, personal development, or the impact of the alumni network.But what happens when you take all the MBA rankings collectively? Business schools are separated into four regions (US, Europe, Canada and Asia-Pacific ) to account for the fact that only the Financial Times (FT) and The Economist make direct international comparisons. Overall performance is calculated by looking at the position within each region, and taking an average of those results based on the number of rankings in which the schools appear.In the US, the four top places continue to be dominated by Harvard Business School , Chicago Booth, Stanford GSB and The Wharton School. But further down, the volatile financial markets may have contributed to the slip of the Columbia Business School and NYU Stern, while the University of Virginia's Darden made it to the top 10 on the back of its teaching quality and student satisfaction. Cornell's Johnson School also moved upwards, following a strong showing in BusinessWeek. The London Business School maintains the top spot among European schools, with an impressive 12-month performance that sees it as the #1 European Business School in three of the major rankings. IESE Business School climbed into the top three following the school's strong performance in both the Business-Week and The Economist rankings , with France's HEC Paris also rising at the expense of Spain's Esade. In the UK, Oxford University's Said Business School has overtaken Cambridge Judge based on their performance in BusinessWeek and The Economist rankings. And for the first time a German business school is closing in on the European top 10, with Mannheim entering the ranking on the back of some great results, though they are yet to be ranked by the FT. In Asia, the IIM Ahmedabad keeps its #2 position on the back of strong results in the FT and The Economist, surrounded by schools from Hong Kong and mainland China, while in Canada, the big winners this year are York University's Schulich and McGill's Desautels Faculty of Management. But as McGill-Desautels dean Peter Todd explains, there is no 'best' business school in the world, but there may be a 'best' business school for each individual. \"Rankings measure a variety of things, and are a useful tool for candidates, but they are only one component of many to ensure the best fit. A school's approach to teaching, the blend of classmates, and a management education that ensures career development and prepares students to do right in the world are all part of the bigger picture.\"(The writer is chief editor, MBA50.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644238", "title": "CM cuts ground from under Sena's feet", "text": "Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has emerged more powerful after he made the Shiv Sena to drop its controversial demand to construct the Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park. A day after the death of Sena chief Bal Thackeray , when mayor Sunil Prabhu and MP Sanjay Raut sought special permission for Thackeray's cremation at Shivaji Park, Chavan knew what was in store for him if he conceded to the Sena's demand.He was aware that once the permission was granted, both Prabhu and Raut would insist on allotment of a plot at Shivaji Park for the memorial.Besides Prabhu and Raut, even former Lok Sabha speaker Manohar Joshi supported the demand. It was a piquant situation for Chavan.While BMC chief Sitaram Kunte was insisting on deployment of adequate police personnel to remove the makeshift memorial, the Sena was insisting on the construction of a memorial at Shivaji Park. Chavan felt that if he acceded to the Sena's demand, then it would be seen as surrender. However, if he rebuffed the Sena, then the party could resort to a Mumbai bandh. Ignoring the consequences, the chief minister made it clear to the Sena leaders that there would be no compromise and they would have to remove the temporary structure within a reasonable period. Ultimately, Uddhav stepped in to avoid a confrontation with the government, particularly the chief minister.Comeback strategyAjit Pawar has once again established that he is the NCP boss. In the wake of charges of corruption and massive cost escalation in key irrigation projects in the Vidarbha region, Ajit had resigned from the cabinet \"on moral grounds\" and said that he would not join unless he was given a clean chit.Then Ajit's decision had stunned not only senior Congress and NCP leaders, but also NCP founder president Sharad Pawar . Politicians had written off Ajit on the grounds that it would take a long time for him to return. Ajit drafted a strategy immediately after he quit his ministerial post. He began marathon meetings with technocrats in the water resources department. The brief given to them was clear: the white paper must justify cost escalation. For the water resources department, it was a tough task, since it was impossible for them to rationalize the increase in cost.Ultimately, a section of private technocrats drafted the white paper. When the document was presented before the cabinet, it gave an impression that what Ajit did was in accordance with the rules, there was no corruption or irregularities and the cost escalation was essential.Once the document was accepted by the cabinet, Ajit called up CM Prithviraj Chavan and told him the date and time of his reinduction. Moments after he was sworn in as deputy chief minister, Chavan's office issued a notification stating that Ajit Pawar has been appointed as the guardian minister of Pune.Dengue shameMaharashtra has achieved a dubious distinction of recording the largest number of dengue deaths.According to data released by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , 60 people succumbed to dengue between January 1 and November 30 while 1,300 persons were battling the disease. Out of the 60 deaths, 15 were reported from north Maharashtra's Dhule district. State health minister Suresh Shetty is the guardian minister of Dhule. Prima facie, it appears that casual approach of the political leadership and the collapse of the state health network is the main cause of the dengue deaths.Even cities like Mumbai, Pune and Nashik recorded a large number of dengue cases. A former dean of a government medical college said the entire public health department is in a mess. Moreover, over a thousand key posts are lying vacant for a period ranging between one to five years, hence all senior health officials are holding additional charge and there is dereliction of duty at all levels. It's high time the chief minister steps in and takes stringent measures to improve the health system, said the former dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17644331", "title": "Another held in Dombivli for molestation", "text": "DOMBIVLI: Crime against women continues unabated in Dombivli. The Manpada police on Saturday night arrested a 35-year-old man for molesting a woman who was on her way to work in the morning.The incident took place around 9am near Sanjay Nagar, Dombivli (East). The victim, who is 24, was going to her office in MIDC when she was accosted by Rajkumar Maurya. A Manpada police officer said the woman told cops that Maurya had been following her for 15 days, but on Saturday he crossed all limits of decency.She said she had cried out for help, which did not come from passers-by. She then went to her office. After the workday, she went home and related the incident to her parents, who then took her to the police station to lodge a complaint. Based on inputs from locals, the police arrested Maurya from Patripul in Kalyan (East).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645286", "title": "Kondwada facility shut temporarily", "text": "NASHIK: After a decade, the NMC's Kondwada was put to use to keep strays off city streets, but due to lack of manpower the facility had to be temporarily closed.The number of stray animals was under control since September when the animals were lifted from the streets and transported to the Kondwada at Bhadrakali and Pancahavati. The anti-encroachment department and the health department said that since the past month the activity had to be stopped due to various other activities and lack of manpower. They said that they would start impounding strays very soon.In one and a half months the NMC had lifted around 34 strays from the streets during night hours. Employees of the anti-encroachment department began catching animals from September 12, mostly cattle and calves and transported them to Kondwada where they were fed and taken care of.The NMC had decided to entrust transporting strays from the streets to Kondwada to a private contractor but their tenders got no response since the past one year and the anti-encroachment department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation had to finally undertake the task.\"We have provided all the facilities, like fodder and water to the animals at Kondwada. Two employees of the health department look after the animals. Our entire staff of 35 had been deployed for catching the animals during the nights with anti-encroachment vans in all the six divisions. But at present our regular activities have increased and we have halted this activity temporarily,\" said deputy municipal commissioner (anti-encroachment department) Dattatreya Gotise.The drive to catch strays will continue along with the regular activities but at present lack of manpower and increased activities is the major hitch, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17645285", "title": "9 may lose sight as surgeries botched up", "text": "RAIPUR: It's deja vu for the residents of Chhattisgarh. Just over a year after the botched-up eye operations at an eye camp organized by the state's health department in Durg that blinded 45 people, at least 10 persons are likely to meet the same fate as cataract surgeries seem to have gone wrong once again in Bagbahra, Mahasamund. 14 people were admitted to a private hospital here late last night after developing infection in their eyes, post surgeries conducted at a two-day camp on December 9.The chief minister convened a meeting of senior officials here on Sunday evening to review the situation. After the meeting with the chief minister, health minister Amar Agarwal said medical expenses of all the patients will be borne by the state. He said the health department has been directed to investigate the matter and submit the report in 10 days.According to officials, 145 eye cataract operations were conducted at the camp organised by Sri Krishna Agarwal Memorial Trust in collaboration with the health department at Bagbahra. Of these, at least 15 patients developed swelling, redness and pus in the operated eye and they all were rushed to MGM Netra Chikitsalaya here for treatment. Doctors attending upon the patients and senior officials of the health department confirmed that the condition of at least 10 persons was precarious when it comes to eyesight. \"Nine cases seem to have gone really bad,\" said Pratap Singh, health commissioner of Chhattisgarh , adding that the department was trying to do everything to save their eyesight against all odds.Dr Singh said all equipment used for surgeries were seized and a police case would be registered soon. He said a team of three doctors, including one from the health department, conducted the operations. The other two Dr Charu Karamkar and Dr Amrita Mukherjee were private practitioners, he added.Dr Singh said all patients at the camp were discharged in \"normal\" state after being kept under observation for 24 hours. \"It will take some time to assess what went wrong,\" he said.However, a patient, Chamarin Bai of Balukona village, undergoing treatment here, said she was operated on December 10 and was sent back to her home and was asked to come for follow up after two days. \"I could not see properly when they opened the bandage, but they gave me some eye drops and said everything is fine. Within a day, redness and pus developed in my eye,\" she said.Ratni bai of Badarsi village said, \"I could not open my eye after the operation. I don't know what happened in my eyes and it seems that I will not be able to see ever again.\"While officials of the health department are not ready to admit negligence on their part for the botched-up surgeries, investigations conducted by a leading news magazine into last year's cases revealed that expired medicines were used at the operations. The new reports squarely blame the health department for the botched up operations.Reports indicate that 4 people had died and 75 had lost their vision last year at the three camps organised by the health department in districts of Rajnandgaon, Balod and Kawardha. The government had then drawn a lot of criticism for the way it handled the incidents and also the lowly Rs 5,000 compensation that they gave to people gone blind.With the assembly session underway, the government is likely to face heat on the issue tomorrow.The opposition, which was then demanding Raman Singh's resignation on \"moral grounds,\" is likely to use this case to corner him once again and may even politicise it as assembly elections are just round the corner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17643199", "title": "Water treatment plant of North Western Railways inaugurated", "text": "JODHPUR: The North Western Railways' (NWR) first Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP) for washing of coaches was inaugurated in Jodhpur on Saturday by its general manager. This ETP will not only save on the huge expenses of the railways incurred on water but also will address the shortage of water in summer.\"We have a current requirement of 1,13,332 kilo liter per year, which costs us a whopping Rs 15,34,522. Now with this plant, we will be able to bring this expenditure down by approximately 80% which would mean a saving of Rs 12,27,618,\" NWR general manager R C Agarwal said.So far, water used for coach washing were drained out now this water will be recycled and will be reused for the same purpose instead of letting it go waste, he added.A senior official from the carriage and wagon section said currently the need of the water for washing of coaches is being meet from PHED supply and borewells but there is shortage during summer.Jodhpur depot is currently washing 207 coaches on an average everyday in washing cum pit line. \"To save the precious water having capacity of 100 cubic meter per day with peak flow to five cubic meter per hour will now be treated by this plant and the water will be made available to the washing line,\" the official said, adding that the capacity of the plant can be extended further if needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17649632", "title": "Poor law and order delaying 4-lane East-West corridor", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union ministry of road transport and highways stated that poor law and order in the state, besides delay in land acquisition, utility shifting and in obtaining statutory clearance are the main reasons for the delay in the completion of the four-lane East-West Corridor.In the ongoing winter session of Parliament, Kokrajhar MP Sansuma Khunggur Bwiswmuthiary asked why construction of the four-lane East-West Corridor in Assam has been delayed. He also wanted to know whether there is a fixed timeframe for completion of work on the stretch from River Sankosh at Srirampur in the west to Guwahati on the northern bank of the Brahmaputra and the present status of the project. The Union minister of road transport and highways, C P Joshi, in his reply said the stretch from Srirampur to Guwahati involves four-laning of 256.8km of National Highway-31C and there are 10 civil packages including a bridge on the Brahmaputra with a construction value of Rs 238.4 crore. He said so far 186km of the four-lane construction work has been completed, which amounts to 72.62 per cent of the awarded length.Joshi said the project was initially delayed due to poor law and order in the state, besides delay in land acquisition, utility shifting, and in obtaining statutory clearance and cutting of trees. He added the redesigning of bridge bearings and inadequate mobilization of manpower and machinery by the contractors are other factors that caused the project to be delayed.The Union minister said the recent Bodoland violence and the kidnapping of site supervisors and managers has also affected the progress of work; he added a high-power committee under the state chief secretary has been constituted. Meetings are held with the state government from time to time to resolve various issues impacting the progress of the project, he informed, adding \"regular review meetings are held with the regional offices of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), concessionaires and contractors to resolve the bottlenecks impacting the progress of the project.\"He also said the contractors have been instructed to complete the remaining work as per the revised schedule and any further delay beyond this schedule would be attributed to them invoking appropriate penal provisions.To Bwiswmuthiary's question whether the construction companies that have been assigned the construction work are maintaining the riding quality of the old alignments of the said expressway as per the agreement signed between the NHAI and construction companies, Joshi replied that the existing road is being maintained to be traffic-worthy even during the construction.It may be mentioned, however, that the existing highway has not been properly maintained by the construction companies although the Union ministry of road transport and highways has claimed that it is in a traffic-worthy condition. In lower Assam, particularly Kokrajhar and Chirang districts, the highway is in a dilapidated condition. The four-lane construction work also seems to be of poor quality in certain places, especially in Kokrajhar district where some portions have already begun to fracture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645701", "title": "Now, visa on arrival for Bangla citizens", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre is planning a new travel agreement with Bangladesh, enabling citizens of both the countries to avail of visa on arrival.This new travel agreement is likely to be signed in January, 2013, when Indian home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde will be visiting Dhaka to sign a number of other pacts with his Bangladeshi counterpart M K Alamgir. Indian officials are expecting the new travel agreement to come into effect from April, as it will take some time to process it.The move is aimed at mending fences with Bangladesh. The country had been left disappointed after the Teesta agreement fell through in September 2011. The objection raised by Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee threw a spanner on the agreement. With the Teesta pact put on hold and Mamata still sticking to her stance, external affairs minister Salman Khurshid skipped the subject while discussing bilateral issues with Alamgir in New Delhi earlier this month.The visa on arrival will initially be restricted to certain categories of travellers. Shinde and Alamgir had held talks in Delhi a fortnight back, so that Bangladesh government agrees to provide a similar visa on arrival to Indians.The move is also expected to give a boost to the image of Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , who will be facing the elections in 2013. She is known for her initiatives to improve Indo-Bangla relationship. In 2012, there were regular talks on bilateral issues, with Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni travelling to India on a number of occasions. Even Hasina had sent an envoy to attend former Prime Minister I K Gujral's funeral recently. Indian President Pranab Mukherjee also has plans to visit Bangladesh.While on Sunday Vijay Diwas was celebrated to remember Indian soldiers who laid down their lives in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971, this visa on arrival will help to further improve ties with Bangladesh, Indian officials said.Indian officials said the facility would be available to patients coming to India for treatment - elderly citizens above 65 and children below 12 years of age with parents accompanying them. Plans are afoot to extend this facility to businessmen and tourists travelling in groups. Visa on arrival is likely to remain valid for two months and talks are on to explore the possibility of exempting businessmen from reporting before the local police. Also, travellers who have never overstayed the visa period could be eligible for this visa.There are plans to allow Bangladesh visitors to enter India, through visa on arrival, at points like the Haridaspur-Benapol border, as the Kolkata to Dhaka bus plies through the route. Another point can be Gede-Darshana border, in case the visitors travel by train and the Kolkata and Delhi airports. Similarly, a visa on arrival centre may come up at Tripura as there is a direct bus link between Agartala and Dhaka.However, the officials want to ensure that the entry and exit points from India to be the same. Then it will be easier for the Indian agencies to keep track of those who are staying back, because there are often allegations that many people from Bangladesh, entering on short visas, are staying back and it becomes difficult for the Indian agencies to track them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17644863", "title": "Madurai slums in dire straits", "text": "MADURAI: The child, aged about eight years, is seated at the entrance of the hutment with her legs across a stinking drainage running along the narrow lane almost touching the entrance of the dwellings. A dog rests close to the child gazing at her expectantly for a scoop of the food. But the child continues to eat unconcerned about the dog or the houseflies on her plate.One of the oldest slums, the scene at Puratchi Thalaivar Colony tucked away from the posh K K Nagar symbolises the state of the slums in the city. There are 270 families living in the colony, which can hardly accommodate 100 houses. \"Children falling seek is as common as the sun rising. Children suffer from several diseases like diarrhoea, malaria and chicken pox. Visiting the Government Rajaji Hospital has become a routine affair for us,\" said S Malar, a mother of two. Let alone a hygienic environment, the state of the slums is unfit to live.There are nearly 200 slums in the city along the Vaigai banks and railway tracks mostly concentrated in Arapalayam, Periyar bus terminal area, Karumbalai and Alwarpuram. Majority of the residents of these slums are natives of Ramanathapuram, Tirunelveli and Sankarankoil. They were forced to relocate from their native villages during drought four decades back. They settled along the Vaigai bank and have been eking out a living by doing odd works that came their way.\"We settled in this locality 38 years back. Earlier, this place was inundated with water from a tank near Law College in Tallakulam. There were no houses or buildings in and around this area. Now, we have obtained pattas for our houses,\" said A Bose, a resident of Puratchi Thalaivar Colony.Though slums are considered as an eyesore for any city, residents point out how inevitable they are for the urban land. \"The residents here work as rag pickers, sanitation employees in private hospitals, servant maids, room boys in lodges, suppliers in hotels and unskilled daily wage labourers. Our living conditions have not changed much in the past several years. But without us, the living conditions of much of the city would not be any better,\" says Bose.\"Only four water taps are available for the entire slum and only one public toilet and that too, a pay and use toilet. Instead of paying for it, many residents opt for open defecation,\" said M Kumar, another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643439", "title": "Baggage lost, Qatar Airways to pay Rs 1.91 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Qatar Airways has been directed by a consumer forum here to pay Rs 1, 91,000 to a passenger for loss of baggage because of which \"the complainant's visit was frustrated in view of the loss sustained.\"\"We fully agree with the submission of the lead counsel for the complainant that the purpose of the complainant's visit was frustrated in view of the loss sustained. We therefore allow compensation on account of loss, mental pain and agony, a sum of Rs 50, 000,\" stated the order passed by president of the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (east) N A Zaidi and member T Vijayan. This was in addition to the \"uncontroverted\" loss reported by Manish Raj Bhardwaj which was worth Rs 1, 36,000.While passing the order the bench did take note that the worth of goods lost as claimed by the complainant, Rs 1,65, 300 could not be taken at face value when the complainant was unable to produce a receipt for goods worth Rs 29,000.Bhardwaj \"has mentioned that a replica of Taj which he alleges to have purchased from duty free shop at Delhi airport for $ 25 has shown of only Rs 1,800. He has not produced before us any receipt regarding the purchase of this Taj in foreign currency from the airport,\" stated the order. The same was the case with a two piece suit that Bhardwaj claimed was for Rs 27, 000 bought from Frankfurt airport.The decision by the forum was taken after it proceeded ex-parte against the airline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17644879", "title": "Class apart", "text": "The entrance exam to the two-year Masters in mathematics education, a joint-degree programme initiated by Delhi University (DU) and Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI), under the Meta university concept was conducted recently. The programme, which is equivalent to MSc mathematics education, had a total of 205 students appearing for the exam for 20 seats on offer.Fifty-seven students were shortlisted for the interview , while 20 students were finally selected for the programme. The list has been posted on the websites of the two universities. Provisional admissions will be made from December 18-21 , while if necessary, a second list for admission will be displayed on December 22. The course will begin on January 3, 2013. Classes will be held jointly on both campuses - AJK mass communication centre, JMI, and cluster innovation centre (CIC), DU.\"Since the course is starting mid-semester , the response was good with more than 200 students applying for the course. We expect all students in the final list to take admission.However, in case of any dropouts, we will be announcing a second list. It is an interesting course and we have received several requests from students of various disciplines to run similar programmes in other subjects as well, including biology, English, Hindi, etc,\" says MM Chaturvedi, director of CIC.While the written test had a weighting of 75%, the interview had a weighting of 25%. An eight-member panel interviewed the candidates. \"It was difficult, as most students were bright with many even having a BEd degree. What we were looking for in candidates, besides aptitude, was their interest in the subject,\" says Pankaj Tyagi, programme-coordinator , DU.Representatives of DU and Jamia held a meeting recently in regard to conducting classes and timetables. \"We had a detailed discussion on the modalities of the programme. The timetable slots will be notified on the websites in about 10 days' time,\" informs SM Sajid, registrar, Jamia Millia Islamia.Jamia will also be initiating the next Meta university project in public health, which is to begin in the next session in July 2013. All the four Meta universities - JMI, DU, Jawharlal Nehru University (JNU) and Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi - will be participating in the programme. \"We will be holding our first meeting in this regard in January and initiate the process of writing to the other three universities for their approval on the course. The course will be designed in such a manner that students can be located at each institution for a semester, while the faculty can be on the move ,\" adds Sajid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643182", "title": "Increasing road heights force Jaipur Development Authority to adopt new relaying tech", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will finally adopt milling technique to construct roads in the city to ensure that the height on the roads doesn't get increased causing water to enter the houses. Under this technique, the old layer of tar will be removed before laying the new one.The level of the roads has increased after the recent repair work with houses in many localities facing serious problems. Moreover, this has also made the dividers smaller resulting in possibilities of more accidents.A senior JDA engineer said, \"To start with the JDA has identified three major roads where the technique will be applied. The work will start within a fortnight.\"An official explained that in current scenario every time a road is repaired its height is increased by 40 to 50mm. But the milling machine will remove the layer up to 40mm. \"Use of this technology will escalate costs by up to 35 to 40%. However, it will be extremely beneficial. Water will run in the drains and not enter houses. Also, expenditure on increasing the heights of the footpath again and again will be saved,\" he said, adding, \"The technique has once been used earlier during the construction of the road near Tonk road flyover.\"The three roads indentified are from Civil Lines to 22 Godam circle, Raj Bhavan to Civil Lines crossing, Sanganaer flyover to Sitapura junction and Gopal Pura Bypass junction to Kisan Dharm Kanta.During the rainy season as the height of the road got increased, both sides of the VIP road between 22 Godam flyover and Civil Lines circle, where many ministers' houses are located, were under knee-deep water that also flowed into the houses.Recently, a senior IAS officer was killed in a road accident due to low height divider. The city traffic department claims to have written several times to the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and other civic bodies to increase the height of road dividers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645227", "title": "Andhra Pradesh CM to inaugurate road works", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy will lay the foundation stone for Vuda Master Plan road projects, which have been taken up at a cost of Rs 39 crore, at Paradesipalem in the afternoon on Monday. He will also inaugurate a 100-feet road during his visit to the city.The projects being taken up under the master plan include 100-feet wide road with a stretch of 2.9 km connecting Kommadi to NH-5 and 80-feet wide road of 2.8 km connecting NH-5 at Endada and Bheemili beach via Gitam University. Also included is a 60-feet wide road connecting Ganesh Nagar via Sivashakthi Nagar of Madhurawada.Later, he will inaugurate a 100-feet wide road connecting NH-5 at Marikavalasa junction and Madhurawada - Kapuluppada road near Haritha project. After the inauguration, he will proceed to Chepaluppada. Vuda vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar reviewed the arrangements ahead of the chief minister's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644459", "title": "KCYM members behind human trafficking incident", "text": "KOCHI: Police are probing the involvement of activists of Kerala Catholic Youth Movement (KCYM) behind the attempt to traffic unskilled workers from Kerala to the US through a private education firm after preparing fake documents.An investigation report listing out names of KCYM activists, including its secretary Fr Jaison Kollanur, was filed before the Aluva judicial first class magistrate court. \"We have filed the report before the court. It mentions the role of KCYM leaders and their activists from Pathanamthitta, Thiruvalla and Thiruvananthapuram in the case,\" police assistant commissioner Ammose Mammen said.According to police sources, KCYM activists prepared the list of persons to be sent to the US and approached the private education institution and the travel agency for facilitating their travel to the US.Confirming the development, Kerala Catholic Bishop's Council (KCBC) spokesperson Fr Stephen Alathara said that they had asked Fr Jaison Kollanur to stay away from the limelight. \"The KCBC has constituted a committee to look into the allegations and we will be able to make an official statement after the inquiry,\" he added.City police launched a detailed probe into the human trafficking case after the US Consulate in Chennai unearthed the plot of a private education firm - identified as Shadwell - in Kochi to send casual labourers to the US under the cover of a global educational conference. It was during the interview process at the Consulate it was found that the applicants had submitted fake certificates. Following a complaint from the US Consulate, the police arrested Tom Baby and Subin Kurian, the CEO and HR manager, respectively, of Shadwell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645111", "title": "Pinjore heritage fest concludes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A cultural extravaganza by students won over visitors on the concluding day of the 7th Pinjore heritage festival. Students of schools from Pinjore, Kalka, Panchkula and Chandigarh participated in competitions like group and solo folk dance and painting.With the children enjoying the music and dance, the ambience at the festival was lighthearted. Senior citizens also let their hair down and joined Kalbelia and Kacchi Ghori dancers. They had been invited by the Haryana government, which distributed caps and free refreshments among them. More than 500 students from around 50 schools participated in different competitions.Many people made optimum use of the sunny Sunday afternoon enjoying the festival and delectable delicacies like golgappas, chat, bhelpuri, pav bhaji, dosa and jalebi on offer. Food counters had been put up by the Hotel Management institutes of Panchkula, Panipat and Kurukshetra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649258", "title": "Danny Boyle turns down knighthood", "text": "'Slumdog Millionaire' director Danny Boyle has snubbed a knighthood for planning the remarkable opening ceremony for this year's Olympics.The 56-year-old Oscar-winning director has turned down the honour from the Queen so he can remain \"a man of the people\".Boyle earned worldwide praise for the London Games ceremony, and his show included a shock appearance by the Queen with James Bond star Daniel Craig .But when officials approached him about becoming Sir Danny Boyle, he refused to accept it.\"I'm very proud to be an equal citizen and that's what the opening ceremony was about,\" the Daily Star quoted him as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17645062", "title": "Principal accused of bashing kid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The parents of a six-year-old boy have registered a compliant against the boy's school principal for beating him up. The complaint was filed with Ramol police station on Saturday.According to the application by Ashok Patel, a resident of Pranami Bungalows in Vastral, his son Nay studies in class III at Arpan Vidya Sankul run by Abhishek Education Trust near Nirant Chokdi in Vastral. Patel said that his son was a regular student who drew no complaint from his school.\"On Saturday when Nay was sharpening his pencil, Ramesh Chaudhary, the school principal, entered the class and without any provocation slapped Nay on both his cheeks severely,\" said Patel. \"While he did not say anything about the episode, he got fever in the evening and developed rashes on his cheeks. When questioned, Nay described the incident.\"Patel added that the principal and trustees had asked him to meet them on Sunday to resolve the issue but so far, no official has answered them on the episode. \"We are determined to fight with the education department - how can a teacher beat up a child so severely,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644431", "title": "Police tracking film production controllers", "text": "KOCHI: Police have launched a probe to trace two film production controllers who allegedly sexually abused a minor girl from Maradu by promising her a role in films.North Paravoor circle inspector K A Abdul Salam, who is probing the case, told TOI that the victim has given details about the two young production controllers who used to supply junior artists. \"We are verifying certain details which we have collected from the victim. An identification parade will be conducted after nabbing the suspects,\" the officer said.The investigation team on Sunday arrested eight persons including the girl's father, mother and mother's boyfriend in connection with case. The arrested will be produced before the north Paravoor court on Monday.The arrested were Shibu (32) of Arakkal Veedu, Maradu; Biju (31) of Manthanathu Veedu, Ranni; Renjith (22) of Haripaddom Veedu, Thathapilly, Kottuvally; Alex (50) of Vayalneekathal Pureedom, Vazhuthakadu, Thiruvananthapuram; Sudheesh (23) of Keezhkattil Veedu, Paravoor; Subramaniam (45) and Deepa (40) of Themulparackal, Maradu and Rajesh (29) of Thathampadikkal House, Maradu.Alex is victim's mother's boyfriend and Subramanian and Deepa are her parents. Police said Deepa was staying with Alex after she was separated from her husband Subramanian a couple of years ago.\"The girl was taken to various houses in Maradu, Vaduthala, Thevara and Champakkara. The abuse took place with the support of her parents,\" police said.On Thursday night, the girl was found roaming around Ambattukavu in Aluva and was rescued by some auto drivers and handed over to the police. The girl is currently lodged in a juvenile home at Kakkanad.As per the girl's statement, she was staying with her mother at Champakkara and used to visit her father living in Maradu. It was her father who first forced her into flesh trade by allegedly presenting her to his friend.Earlier, a production controller was arrested in connection with the sensational Paravoor sex case in which a 14-year-old girl was sexually abused by over 150 persons.The arrested was Shiva (32) of Anna Nagar in Chennai. This is the fourth sexual abuse case in the recent past in which a minor girl was forced into flesh trade by her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645123", "title": "Rise in women heart patients", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Although men are believed to be prone to heart diseases, nowadays, women in their 40s and 50s are increasingly falling victims to cardio vascular problems. Twenty-three-year-old Rajitha (name changed) accompanied her husband to the cardiology wing of a corporate hospital in the city. The senior consultant cardiologist was alarmed to see the young couple in his room. Initially, he presumed the young husband was the patient but much to his consternation, he found Rajitha, barely married for six months, was suffering from coronary artery disease.There used to be a time, not long ago, that women were seen accompanying their husbands, fathers or male relatives to cardiac clinics but now, the scenario has changed and more and more women, complaining of chest pain and discomfort, are regularls at such clinics. \"Most of these women from urban areas, working in IT or in corporate sector in the age bracket of 40 to 50\". But Rajitha's case is an exception and she is the youngest patient that I have seen so far in Vizag,\" said Nandakishore Panigrahi, senior consultant and interventional cardiologist, Apollo Hospital. \"However, she had a family history of heart ailments, which made her vulnerable to it. But in general, there's no doubt that cases of heart problems among women are on the rise. Two to three cardiac cases out of 10 are that of women. The numbers can be more as women often tend to ignore initials symptoms or dismiss them as gastric problems and come for treatment when the damage is already done,\" said the senior cardiologist adding that the early symptoms of heart problem include discomfort in the chest, squeezing sensation in the central or left side of the chest with pain radiating to the arms or even to the back.Doctors attribute this medical trend to urban lifestyle, change in dietary pattern, lack of physical activities and stress. \"Dispelling the popular notion that the fairer sex is naturally protected against cardiovascular ailments by the hormone estrogen, many women are developing heart problem even in their pre-menopause days. Change in lifestyle and job stress are to blame and it's the urban women who outnumber their rural counterparts, when it comes to heart ailments, obesity and diabetes.\" Regularly, if not daily, working women in their 40s and 50s are coming to us with cardiac problems,\" avers senior cardiologist C V Rao.In AP, the habit of chewing tobacco both among rural and urban women is another factor that triggers heart ailments besides consanguineous marriages, which enhances the risk of congenital heart problems, say experts.According to Sunil Kapoor, senior cardiologist from Care Hospital, \"more than 5% of urban women are suffering from heart related problems, especially those of angina (chest pain), breathlessness or palpitation, high BP and even heart attacks. Some five years ago, it was less than 1% . Cardio vascular disease is soon going to be the number one killer for women above 40.\"Elaborating on the trend, the cardiologist said, \"Working professionals sit for long hours in front of their computers and grab a quick bite of junk food whenever they are hungry. Their office hours hardly leave any time for household chores and whatever they do, they do it mechanically. Erratic working hours and job stress and smoking also complicate matters.\"\"Workplace complexities have led to an increase in hyperlipidemia (high cholesterol), increase in incidence of hypertension, anxiety, stress, depression, frustration, sleep deprivation, adjustment problems in family, diabetes mellitus and unrecognised hypothyroidism,\" added Sunil Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645815", "title": "Riding the cycle of death", "text": "Tamil Nadu's roads are death traps for bicyclists. As many as 1,412 cyclists \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an average of four a day \u00e2\u20ac\u201d died in accidents in the state in 2011, the second highest number of fatalities among all states in the country, Only Uttar Pradesh, with 2,338 deaths, recorded a larger number of cyclists perishing in road accidents last year. A total of 6,824 cyclists died in accidents across the country in 2011.The statistics from the Union ministry of road transport and highways have surprised even the state's transport planners , who have been calling for more dedicated bicycle lanes in Tamil Nadu's cities. They said the number of cyclists who die in accidents has been on the rise in the state, but they did not expect such a large figure.Experts said dedicated bicycle lanes would enhance the safety of cyclists and check air and noise pollution in cities.The lack of bicycle tracks on congested roads makes cyclists highly vulnerable , said Tamil Nadu Cycling Association secretary S Radhakrishnan.\"Cyclists do not get any road space in cities in the state,\" he said, pointing out that cities in countries like the US, France, China, Japan and Thailand have dedicated lanes that are safe for cyclists.Radhakrishnan said cycling has been his preferred mode of travel in the city for more than 30 years. \"Now, encroachments have reduced the width of roads and there is so much traffic now.\" Motorists also speed and do not follow traffic rules, putting cyclists at peril, he said.Students are scared to cycle these days because motorists drive rashly and most roads are in poor shape, said Students Federation of India state president K S Kanagaraj. \"The government gives free bicycles to school students, but they are unable to use them,\" he said.Chennai Corporation came up with a plan for 15km of bicycle lanes in and around Anna Nagar and Jawaharlal Nehru Salai (100 Feet Road). A study by the NGO Chennai City Connect suggested that stretches of roads totalling 13.84 km in Anna Nagar and Thirumangalam were suitable for the lane. The civic body even worked out the cost of the project, pegging it at 15 crore, and said it would benefit more than 6,000 students, but the plan was dropped, said corporation officials . The previous corporation council also planned to rent out bicycles at Marina Beach. That plan too came to naught.Senior corporation officials said that they would reconsider the plan for the bicycle track in Anna Nagar once metro rail work in the area is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17642905", "title": "Many school buses flout safety norms", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The ride back home for students of Ghaziabad is a dangerous one. According to the city's traffic police, only a fraction of the buses in the city adhere to the norms laid down by the Supreme Court, with students being forced to travel in rickshaws and shared autos.According to the regional traffic officer, there are 1,000 school buses in the city. However, officials admitted that a number of them don't follow the safety guidelines set by the apex court. \"We conduct regular checking to ensure that the buses and their drivers fall in line. There are about 1,000 registered school buses in the city,\" said V K Singh, RTO of Ghaziabad.According to the guidelines, \"school bus\" must be written in front and behind; if it is a hired bus, \"on school duty\" should be clearly indicated. Buses must have a first-aid box, the windows must be fitted with horizontal grills, and a fire extinguisher should be provided. Name of the school and telephone number should be visible, while the doors must have reliable locks. The seats should have space underneath for bags and an attendant must be present along with a parent or a guardian. \"School buses rarely follow the guidelines, and the problem is even more serious with the commercial buses hired by schools,\" said a traffic cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645703", "title": "2 killed as car falls into canal", "text": "KOLKATA: A bheri owner and his driver were found dead in a Honda City car at Koila Depot canal near Moila Bazar off Basanti Highway on Sunday morning. Basonti Highway has earned notoriety for number of accidents due to bad road condition.After finding the car, the On Sunday morning, locals found a Honda City car in the canal.Locals pulled out the bodies, later identified as that of Soven Mondal (45), the bheri owner and Ronjit Sen (27), his driver. It is not yet known whether the car fell into the canal late on Saturday night or early on Sunday. Soven was a resident of Bamonghata, while Ronojit used to live at Sonarpur. Police suspect that the driver had lost control over the wheels after the car fell into a crater. The stretch of the road is serious bad condition.Earlier on December 8, a car carrying two girls fell into the canal. Since it happened in the daylight, locals managed to rescue them.In another incident, an unidentified man, aged around 25, was found dead on Basanti Expressway under Pragati Maidan police station area on Sunday. Police suspect that the youth was run over by a speeding vehicle. tnnTwo were rushed to Chittaranjan National Medical College and Hospital, where they were brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648281", "title": "Alex Pandian song teaser", "text": "The much Studio Green movie 'Alex Pandian', starring Karthi and Anushka directed by Suraaj is all set too hit the screens for Pongal. While the audio of the movie was launched recently the teaser of one of the song from Alex Pandian, the song titled 'Bad Boy' released a couple of days back.The song Bad Boy is rendered by Baba Sehgal and Priya Himesh. Karunakaran had written the lyrics. The 20 second song promo looks crisp and stylish and starts of with one of Santhanam's dialogue in the movie.The audio launch of Alex Pandian took place on December 12th and the day is Rajinikanth's birthday and incidentally the title is that of a Rajini's character from an earlier film. Produced by Studio Green, the music is scored by Devi Sri Prasad.Watch the Bad Boy song teaser given below.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644384", "title": "ED attaches properties, bank a/cs of 'miracle doctor'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has attached properties and bank accounts valued at Rs 10 crore of 'miracle doc' Munir Khan.Khan was arrested by the Versova police in May 2010 following complaints of cheating. ED has attached his flats in Mumbai, four flats in Jaipur, a plot of land in Kota and bank accounts, an official said. Khan was accused of cheating several people with false promises of curing AIDS and cancer with his magical formula Body Revive.The accused used to sell each bottle of his \"medicine\" for Rs 16,000. Khan's advertisements on TV channels featured him with actor Tabassum. She later clarified that Khan had misled her into endorsing his products.Khan was booked under sections of the Indian Penal Code, The Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements) Act and The Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act. Food and Drug Administration officials had raided his office in 2009 following which the scam came to light. A chargesheet has been submitted against Khan and the case is awaiting a trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647875", "title": "Neil knocked out of Tamil version of 'David'", "text": "Filmmaker Bejoy Nambiar's bilingual film 'David' was to feature Neil Nitin Mukesh in both Hindi and Tamil versions, but the actor would now be seen only in Hindi. But now Neil's section has been scrapped from the Tamil version and Nambiar doesn't deny these developments.There are three stories in ' David ', one set in London in 1975 in black-and-white featuring Neil as a gangster. The second story features the 'Speedy Singhs' actor Vinay Virmani in Hindi and Jeeva in Tamil as the respective protagonist of a plot set in Mumbai in 1999. And the third is a story set in Goa in 2010, featuring Tamil superstar Vikram with Tabu in both Hindi and Tamil.Neil's part was supposed to be common to both Hindi and Tamil, but it has not turned out to be so due to a creative decision that had to be made. ' David ' is a sync-sound film, there wer two options where in Niel dubbed in Tamil and he felt which could kill the impact of the dialogues or this part was edited in the Tamil viersion.The actor seems to have no qualms on his stopry being removed from the Tamil version. While the Hindi version is two hours and 30 minutes, the Tamil version would only be two hours and 10 minutes long. The film releases in cinemas on 1st February, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17645129", "title": "Power crisis hits farmers' crop plans", "text": "NIZAMABAD: With the state government making it clear that it was not possible to provide seven hour power supply to the agriculture sector in the Rabi season, paddy farmers are in a dilemma. In this regard, district agriculture department officials also received oral instructions from the state government and have prepared an action plan for Rabi 2012-13, a source said.During a video conference on December 12, chief secretary Minnie Mathews also informed the collectors that the government was unable to supply power to farming sector for more than four hours in the wake of the water shortfall for irrigation projects and powers shortage in the state. Based on the CS's directions, collector Christina Chongthu asked the agriculture and electricity department officials to create awareness among ryots to shift to Irrigated Dry (ID) crops from paddy.Though public representatives and farmers requested that water to be provided for at least three wettings for paddy under the Nizamsagar project, during the District Irrigation Advisory Board meeting held on December 13 the collector said they would provide 2.5 tmc of water, which would be sufficient for only two wettings from Nizamsagar. Major share of paddy crop in the district is cultivated under Nizamsagar project, irrigation department sources said.Speaking to TOI, H Gangadhar of Mosra village of Varni mandal blamed the government for not protecting the interest of farmers. Majority of the ryots have left half of the paddy crop in the fields as the government failed to provide seven hours power to agriculture sector in the last Kharif season, he said. Another farmer Banothu Kishan of Mallaram village of Nizamabad mandal said it was not proper on the part of the government to escape from its responsibilities. It should purchase power from other stand or private companies and supply to farming sector if it was sincere in protecting the interests of farmers, he said.The agriculture department itself has reduced the proposed paddy cultivation area to 50,000 hectares this season from 1.2 lakh hectares in the 2011-12 Rabi season. In the recent Kharif season 2012, paddy was cultivated in 1.37 lakh hectares. According to statistics, out of 1.84 lakh proposed area, maize was proposed in 45,000 hectares, Bengal gram in 28,000, Jowar in 24,000 and sunflower in 15,000 to mention a few.In the wake of instruction from the government, the department has reduced the proposed paddy cultivation areas and is encouraging farmers to opt for ID crops, said an agriculture officer. He also said they along with electricity and revenue officials were touring villages with the slogan \"Paddy vaddu, ID muddu\" and motivating farmers to choose ID crops.On the other hand, water levels in major irrigation projects have become low. There is only 4.586 tmc of water in Nizamsagar project as against its storage capacity of 17.80 tmc. Sri Ram Sagar Project has 49.70 tmc as against 90.31 tmc capacity. As against its full capacity of 29.90 tmc, the Singur project in Medak has only 11.058 tmc. Joint director, agriculture, J Dharma Naik said they were conducting camps in villages and motivating ryots towards ID crops. Majority of the farmers are responding positively, he said and hoped that paddy cultivation in 50,000 hectares would be reduced this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17643033", "title": "Traffic jams add to fire woes in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A small spark can lead to an uproaring fire in Gurgaon because of the traffic which does not allow the fire brigade to reach the location on time. Traffic congestion and weather conditions can simply put the lives of hundreds in danger if there is a fire.\"During the peak hours, it becomes difficult to enter the malls in case of a fire incident takes place,\" says Birbal Sharma, chief fire officer, Sector 39 fire station. \"Though on a usual day it takes just 10 minutes to reach MG road from the Udyog Vihar fire station but in case of traffic jam it may take at least one hour to reach the same,\" he adds.Because of the narrow roads, sometimes fire brigade vehicles use the 68 metre high ladders instead of the required 90 metre one, even though it used exclusively in India. The fire station in Sector 39 alone receives around 700-1000 calls every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644494", "title": "Drunk DJ rams bike into on-duty cop", "text": "MUMBAI: An assistant inspector was grievously injured during a nakabandi in Andheri (W) early on Sunday when a drunk DJ rammed his bike into him in an attempt to escape.The officer, Balaji Dahiphale, has been admitted to the ICCU of Cooper Hospital with multiple injuries. The 20-year-old biker, Shahid Dongarkar, was arrested and released on cash bail of Rs 15,000 by a local court the same day.The incident occurred on JP Road near Seven Bungalows around 2.50am. Dahiphale is attached to the Versova police station. Cops had put up barricades as part of a special nakabandi to crack down on rash and drunk drivers.Dahiphale, who was accompanied by two to three constables, gestured to the youth on a red-coloured Hero Honda to stop. \"Dongarkar's friend Sajid Solkar (18) was riding pillion. Dongarkar intended to slip past the barricades and slammed the accelerator. The bike zipped forward and rammed into Dahiphale, who was standing very close to the barricade,\" said an investigating officer. Both Dongarkar and Solkar fell off the bike and suffered minor bruises. Dahiphale suffered grievous injuries on his head, elbow, eyes, chest and knee. He was rushed to the hospital by his colleagues.Dongarkar and Solkar were reeking of liquor, said the police. Dongarkar's medical examination confirmed that he had consumed alcohol. He told the police that he worked as a DJ and resided in Versova village. His bike has been seized and will be examined by RTO officers. Dongarkar has been booked under IPC sections 279 and 338 for rash driving and causing grievous hurt. Additionally, sections 184 and 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act have also been slapped on him.Officers at the Versova police station were upset that Dongarkar was granted bail while Dahiphale is battling for life in the hospital.Following recent attacks on cop, police commissioner Satya Pal Singh had said that a recommendation would be made for cancellation of the offender's passport, driving licence as well as arms licence.Spl drive to stop tipplers from taking wheelsWith drunk driving cases rising in December every year, the traffic police have fixed two specific days of the week-Friday and Saturday-to clamp down on the menace. Since last week, they have been carrying out citywide drives on the two days.\"We have observed that cases of rash and drunk driving spiral upwards in December. Earlier, we used to carry out drives by rotation in which each chowky's turn would come up after three days or so. But for December, we have fixed up citywide drives on every Friday and Saturday when people let their hair down and tend to guzzle up more,\" a senior traffic police officer said.The week from December 25 to January 1 sees a record number of cases being lodged. \"We have been particularly instructed to carry out drives every day between Christmas and New Year and to stay alert,\" another official said. The general trend observed in drunk driving cases is that a bigger number of bikers are caught for the offence as compared to four-wheeler drivers. Apart from drunk driving, the traffic police will also look out for rash and negligent drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17645722", "title": "Trade union gang attacks steel firm GM at home", "text": "DURGAPUR: A senior official of Jai Balaji Industries was beaten up and threatened at his home at an upscale Durgapur locality allegedly by a Trinamool Congress trade union leader and his supporters on Saturday night. Coming just over a month after a cargo-handling company HBT pulled out of Haldia port citing law-and-order problems, the attack threatens to smear the image of the Bengal's other industrial hub, the Durgapur-Asansol zone, even as Mamata Banerjee tries to hardsell the state to India Inc in New Delhi.The CM will meet industry captain at a closed-door session in the Capital on Monday, but the message from Durgapur wouldn't be music to her ears. Rajiv Jajodia, joint MD of Jai Balaji Industries, said the company's officials in the area were scared. \"We have requested the administration to take steps. All top officials are working under fear and we cannot continue work in this situation for a long time. We have invested over Rs 4,000 crore in five factories in and around Durgapur and over 10,000 workers are employed here,\" he added.State labour minister Purnendu Bose, however, said the government wasn't aware of the attack. \"I am yet to know about this. But if such a thing happened, the government will take strong action, irrespective of the political colour of the offender.\"Arun Kumar Thatoy, GM of Jai Balaji at Banskopa in Panagarh, has alleged he was beaten up by about 15 men, led by trade union leader Ashim Pramanik, at his home at Saptarshi Park in Bidhan Nagar. Thatoy was admitted to the Mission Hospital in Durgapur with chest, head and shoulder injuries. He was released on Sunday evening.Sunil Yadav, ADCP (east) of Asansol Durgapur Police Comissionerate said Thatoy had lodged an FIR at New Township police station. No arrests have been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647916", "title": "KStew opens up about cheating on RPatz", "text": "Kristen Stewart, who split with her boyfriend Robert Pattinson for three months after her fling with married director Rupert Sanders, has now spoken about her break up for the first time.The 22-year-old actress confined herself to her hotel room when news of the affair first broke.\"If you're honest you'll make mistakes but that's when the most interesting things happen,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"I used to just stay in my hotel room rather than deal with everything, but if you get too caught up in what others think you become a really disjointed person,\" she said.Stewart her ' Twilight ' co-star with father-of-two Sanders, who directed her and his wife Liberty Ross in the film ' Snow White And The Huntsman '.After the romance was exposed, Stewart publicly apologised to Pattinson, and the two have been inseparable since rekindling their love in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17643994", "title": "Will be more careful on FB now: Shaheen Dhada", "text": "MUMBAI: Within minutes of Shaheen Dhada re-activating her FB account, three friends welcomed her back. One friend, Ankit Upadhyaya, commented, \"Back with a bang...Gr8\". To this, Shaheen replied: \"Yaaah.\"To others' greetings, Shaheen responded with thank-yous. Within hours, six people sent her friend requests. She accepted all of them.A self-confessed Facebook addict, Shaheen expressed delight at reconnecting with the world after a month. Though she loves commenting on city news, she told TOI that she will be more careful now about what she posts on her account. On Sunday, she did not use the account.Shaheen and her friend Rinu Srinivasan were arrested on November 19 by the police on the complaint of the local Shiv Sena unit after Shaheen lamented on Facebook the region-wide shutdown on the day of Thackeray's cremation, and Rinu 'liked' the comment. Police hastily applied the stringent IPC section of 295 (a) against them for hurting religious sentiments, but later changed it to IPC section 505 (2).The nationwide outrage over the arrests forced police and the state to backtrack. Transfer orders were given to two senior policemen and a Palghar court magistrate too was moved out. Not soon after, as the Supreme Court questioned the legality of the arrests, the state director general of police and the government decided to drop the charges against Shaheen and Rinu.The continuing support for Shaheen is evidenced by the two-dozen Facebook profiles in her name, like 'Shaheen Dhada Official' and 'Support Shaheen Dhada'. Called to share their experiences with students and faculty, Shaheen and Rinu will travel to Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, on December 21-22.But for now, Shaheen is waiting for the closure report in her case and for the police security outside her house to be lifted. \"It feels like ages since I left home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649271", "title": "Amaidhipadai is back with a bang", "text": "The mega hit Amaidhipadai starring Sathyaraj and Manivannan is back with a bang after 18 years. The 1994 Pongal release was critically acclaimed for it's interesting plot. Sathyaraj's dual role as father and son in the film is touted as one of his best performances so far. About the sequel, director Manivannan says, \"There is absolutely no change in Sathyaraj's character. He will be playing the role of a deputy Chief Minister in this second part. He has enacted the role in his inimitable style even after so many years.\" The crew has also canned the major portion of the film in a dense forrest in Kerala. Apparently the film has a social message as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17644731", "title": "Woman's 'Mr Perfect' changes with her age", "text": "LONDON: Ladies, your age may influence your idea of a 'perfect man' ! The research in match.com's annual LoveGeist report found that a woman's age will often dictate the different characteristics they look for in a partner. The study tracked Britain's changing attitudes towards dating and relationships, and also disproved the notion that standards drop later in life, as women over 55 were shown to be most picky about who they date, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The study found that young women in the age group of 18 to 24 want a man they can show off to their friends with 47% saying they want someone their friends would approve of. They are also suckers for a six-pack and are most willing to date a man in better physical shape than them. A man who shared their tastes in music, films and books is very important to this age group.In the age range of 25 to 34, two thirds women list ambition as a key desirable trait in a man. Sexual compatibility is also more important at this age than at any other stage in their lives for women.Women aged 35 to 44 look to settle down and are most likely to have their head turned by an older man. At least 73% would be willing to date someone more than five years their senior. Social graces are also an absolute must-have at this stage in life. Less than 1% of the females surveyed said they would date a man with bad manners.Security is a key concern in women aged 45 to 54, with 95% looking to find a partner with whom they felt secure.Finding a man with a high income is as important to this age group as any other but they are less picky about who they date.In contrast to those just a few years younger, women aged 45-54 are most likely to consider dating a younger man. Fifty-four per cent would be willing to date someone more than five years younger, the study found.In later life, women look for more cerebral delights.Intelligence and shared values are more important to the over-55 s, as is sharing a similar sense of humour . However, women don't drop their standards as they get older. In fact, those aged 55 and over are pickier about who they romance than at any other age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647504", "title": "Santosh Sivan ready to begin Ceylon!", "text": "Cinematographer-director Santosh Sivan is all set to begin his next directorial venture, 'Ceylon' which will be made simultaneously in Tamil and English. The music for the film is being composed by young music director Vishal Chandrashekhar.The director who had begun this project a couple of years back had some delays while progressing with this film. The film will star a 15-year old boy in lead role.The Thuppakki cameraman has also clarified this film will have nothing to do with the LTTE.Ceylon is the story of four boys caught in the middle of the war in Sri Lanka. Sivan spent months researching and getting footage for the film which is all set to roll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "17648358", "title": "Australia announces 4-point plan to curb illegal immigration", "text": "COLOMBO: Australia on Monday announced a four- point plan, including intelligence sharing with Sri Lanka, to curb increased flow of illegal migrants from this country.Australian foreign minister Bob Carr, who is here on a three-day visit, said he would discuss the idea during talks with Lankan leaders on how to deal with people-smuggling and halt illegal immigration.His remark came ahead of a meeting of Joint Working Group on People Smuggling and Transnational Crime chaired by Defence Secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa scheduled for later today.Carr said the four-point plan would entail information and intelligence sharing under which Australia would provide additional surveillance and electronic equipment to expand Sri Lanka's capacity to target smuggling operations and better identify vessel departure times and locations.He said that 65 cases of illegal migration involving 2,900 people were disrupted this year and mentioned the involuntary return of more than 700 Sri Lankan people-smuggling clients since August 2012.\"There is a message from these talks to people in Sri Lanka -by getting on that boat you risk your life, you'll lose your money and you will be sent back home,\" Carr said.\"You've got to have these tough countermeasures in place to send a message that breaks the business model of the people smugglers. That's what this is all about,\" Carr said.He further said that Sri Lankan navy's co-operation was crucial for Australia to stop people smuggling.Australian government was also ready to advertise on Sri Lankan television, radio and newspapers to deter Lankans from making the voyage to Australia by boat.Carr said he will raise the issue of Sri Lanka's human rights record when he meets president Mahinda Rajapaksa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644465", "title": "A day out for former Damians, Josephites", "text": "PATNA: Sunday was a day out for former students of two of the premier all-girl schools of the city, Notre Dame Academy (NDA) and St Joseph's Convent (SJC) High School. They caught up with their batchmates at the alumni meet held on their respective school campuses. Not even the winter chill could mar the spirit of the women as they laughed and teased each other and cherished the good old days.Almost 100 ex-Josephites were back on their school campus, the eldest being Maya Ghosh (1945 batch). They were welcomed to a splendid dance performance by the school students on 'Pallo Latke', 'Ishk Shava' and 'In Aankhon ki Masti Ke'. And whistles and claps didn't stop when teacher Shubhra Roy tapped her foot on 'Mera juta hai Japani'.Principal of SJC, Sr Lucina stressed on the formation of a proper Alumni Association for the old pupils to remain in touch with each other, the modalities of which were discussed at the meet. In fact, some pretty ladies had turned up with their little angels as others exchanged hugs and kisses and laughed out loud cracking jokes.Some other ex-Josephites present on the occasion were lawyer Kalpana Rastogi, gynaecologist Dr Pragya Mishra (1982), Nupur Singh (1982), Srishti Kumari (2002) and Pooja Choudhary (2006).At NDA, the ambience was no different as pretty women decked up in prettier apparels reminisced their school days. Saiema Salahuddin of the 2003 batch clinched the Super Damian Trophy leaving behind almost 150 former students of the school. Close on her heels were Renu Mishra (1970) and Seema Ali (2001), also a teacher at the school.Former Damians walked down the memory lane over fun games, music and lunch. In fact, Dr Atul Verma and Ashwini Gupta, also former Damians (when boys also studied at NDA), were present on the occasion. Many retired teachers and present faculty members also graced the occasion. Retired teachers Poornima Verma and Sr Mary Beena were felicitated by the association. Other ex-Damians present at the meet were Ranjana Sinha (1982), Geeti Singh (1983) and Anu Malhotra (2004).IIMC alumni meet: Former students of Indian Institute of Mass Communication participated in an alumni meeting on the Patna College campus on Sunday. The ex-students of the country's premier mass communication school discussed various academic and non-academic events that should be organized by the association. The members of the IIMC Alumni Association, Bihar, will chalk out an elaborate strategy to decide on date and speakers on the issues of journalism. It was also decided that a seminar would be tentatively held in the month of January next year. Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, an ex-IIMCian, was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644209", "title": "Three chain snatchings in one day", "text": "NAGPUR: Three incidents of chain snatching in last 24 hours have again raised questions about the efficiency of patrolling in the city even when the assembly is going on here.In the first incident, victim Alka Sadavarte (51), of Rajura, was relieved of her gold chain worth Rs75,000 by two unidentified bike-borne miscreants on Saturday evening. The incident took place when the victim and her daughter were going to a marriage function at Hedge Sabhagrah. The victim lodged a complaint at Dhantoli police station.Similarly, a woman was targeted near Mate Square on Saturday. Kumud Bhende (47), a resident of Gittikhadan Layout, lodged an FIR with Pratap Nagar police that when she was heading towards a vegetable shop, two unidentified bike-borne youths snatched her gold chain worth Rs12,000. She shouted for help, but in a split second they had disappeared. \"The colour of the miscreant's motorcycle was silver,\" said Bhende. Pratap Nagar police have registered the case.In another incident, Richa Gupta (35), a resident of Jalaram Nagar was relieved of her gold chain. The miscreants on a motorbike targeted her near Wardhaman Nagar on Saturday evening. She has filed a report at Lakadganj police station, saying the chain was worth Rs24,000. The victim was going to drop her daughter to school at Wardhaman Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643679", "title": "Adventure sports excite Lucknow residents on weekend", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thousands of Lucknowites got a rare glimpse of adventure sports and events on Sunday afternoon as army personnel performed dare devil stunts on land and air at the Butchery Ground to mark the golden jubilee celebrations of the Central Command. The biggest crowd puller, the Sukhoi fly pass could not take place due to bad weather, said army officials.Sunday also marked Vijay Diwas, which marks the completion of 41 years of India's victory over Pakistan in the 1971 Indo-Pak war. Officials feel that close experience of adventure sports as well as that of defence personnel's life will encourage more and more students to opt for the armed forces.The helicopters were the first to charge up the crowd consisting of close to 1,500 to 2,000 people with their manoeuvring skills followed by a polo game. Pushpak, the paramotor expedition team of army set the crowd's pulse racing, as the motor powered paragliders waved over the gathering. The crowd also responded with same enthusiasm. At the same time over one dozen vintage cars queued up in front of the crowd. The 1926 model Baby Austin stole the vintage car rally show, while 1936 Chevrolet Deluxe and iconic World War-II jeep Willys, also held the fans in awe.The crowd was then overjoyed to see paratroopers descending on the ground from over 3,000 feet, the first paratrooper Naik Toofan Singh who had accomplished 680 such feats, was welcomed with the loudest cheer. And so was the excitement to see 16 jawans of the Punjab Regiment Corps in a formation over motorcycles.The public as well as dignitaries including UP governor BL Joshi and former chief of staff Deepak Kapoor sat through the evening to savour sky diving, polo game, vintage car rally, motorbike show, among other activities. Senior army officials Lt Gen A K Mishra and Lt Gen A K Chait were also seen enjoying the events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644197", "title": "Cancer patients end dharna after chief minister's assurance", "text": "NAGPUR: Cancer patients from Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) ended their weeklong sit-in dharna after the chief minister (CM) Prithviraj Chavan gave assurance on solving their problems as soon as possible. He has delegated district collector Saurabh Rao to look into the issues.Taking cognisance of the protest, the CM had invited the patients and doctors for a dialogue on Saturday morning. Head of the radiotherapy department Dr Krishna Kamble and social worker Suresh Kale, who is also a patient of the hospital as well as the coordinator of the Government Cancer Hospital Protest Action Committee, met Chavan along with a couple of other patients.\"After listening to the problems faced by the department and its patients, the CM assured immediate release of funds for necessary equipment. He has asked us to submit a proposal to the collector,\" said Dr Kamble.Kale said the CM's positive approach and immediate action are appreciable. \"He got emotional on hearing our problems and promised they would be resolved soon,\" he said.In February this year, Dr Kamble had submitted a proposal to the state government for setting up state-of-the-art cancer centres at Nagpur, Pune and Aurangabad. He is now reworking the proposal as per the requirements of the unit to be set up at GMCH. It would be soon submitted to the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644308", "title": "Man arrested for raping wife's friend", "text": "PUNE: The Kondhwa police on Saturday arrested a 38-year-old man for allegedly raping his wife's friend. The incident took place at Lullanagar on late Thursday night.The police have identified the suspect as Pandurang Namdeo Pawar, 38, of Samatanagar slums in Kondhwa Khurd. When the victim informed Pawar's wife about the incident, she took the victim to the police and helped her lodge a complaint against Pandurang Pawar.Sub-inspector of the Kondhwa police station S M Pawar told TOI that the 42-year-old victim and Pandurang's wife were friends. The victim had gone to meet Pandurang's wife at Bhavani Peth on Thursday evening. While returning home, the autorickshaw driver dropped her at Lullanagar chowk. As she was walking home, Pandurang Pawar stopped her and spoke to her. When the victim told him that she had gone to meet his wife, the suspect pretended to help her get another autorickshaw.The victim, however, refused Pandurang Pawar's help and started walking home. The suspect, who was following her, suddenly dragged her into a tin shade and raped her. \"On receiving a complaint, we laid a trap and nabbed Pawar from Bhavani Peth,\" said sub-inspector S M Pawar.Pandurang Pawar has a criminal record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17644448", "title": "K'taka to send 200 artists to Biennale", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi-Muziris Biennale is drawing support from other state's governments, with the Karnataka Lalit Kala Academy planning to send 200 painters from that state to Kochi during the next three months.\"This is the first time we have an event of the scale of the Biennale in the country. Normally, international events happen in Delhi or Mumbai, but not in South India. So we thought this is an opportunity we should not let go,\" CS Krishna Setty, chairman of the Academy, told TOI.Setty said the academy will support 200 artists, all painters, to visit biennale in Kochi. Six artists from each district in Karnataka will be given Rs 5,000 each for the trip, making it a total of 180 artists from 30 districts.\"We have set aside Rs 20 lakh for this purpose. The artists can visit the festival according to their convenience, any time before March 13,\" Setty said during his visit to the Biennale.Kochi Biennale Foundation secretary Riyas Komu said no government organization had taken such an initiative, but several art organizers were sending their people. \"This will add to our endeavour to take art to the people. The Karnataka Lalit Kala Academy has taken the lead in exposing their artists to the work being exhibited here,\" he added.Komu said artists in Kerala were already part of the event and were also visiting the site to interact with the participants. \"90% of visitors to the Biennale sites are locals. The weekends saw a crowd of close to 15,000.\"\"Most of the artists have finished their work and are interacting with the visitors,\" he added.Actor John Abraham , who visited the site on Sunday, announced Rs 10 lakh in support of the three-month art extravaganza. John's father is an architect from Aluva.More support is coming the art festival's way, with the Ernakulam MLAs planning to meet chief minister Oommen Chandy and seek financial support for the Biennale. Union minister K V Thomas, who visited the sites on Sunday, said he would talk to the state government on getting funds for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17643443", "title": "Narrow escape for 250 as 2 jets come close to collision", "text": "KOLKATA: More than 250 people had a narrow escape as two aircraft came within sniffing distance of each other off the Andhra Pradesh coast. One aircraft was flying to Chennai from Kolkata while the other one was flying to Visakhapatnam from Mumbai via Hyderabad.The two Boeing 737-800s came 5km of each other on Saturday, a fourth of the minimum stipulated distance that aircraft must maintain in the air as they came on converging paths 41,000 feet above the Bay of Bengal.For six tense, nail-biting minutes the anti-collision warning systems in both aircraft activated and monitors at Kolkata airport's control room showed the two dots converging at a spot 340km from Kolkata at 11.55pm. The controllers sat glued to the screens and barked instructions into the radio. Another chartered flight from Mumbai and was possibly heading for Hyderabad meant the controllers had to extremely careful. In the cockpits of the two planes, alarmed pilots sent SOSs to the controller.The planes came so perilously close because the Kolkata controller spotted the Visakhapatnam-bound flight only after it entered Kolkata airspace. The Chennai-bound flight was already flying in Kolkata airspace and was instructed to descend to 35,000 feet. Both aircraft in Saturday's close shave were under radar coverage and belonged to the same private carrier.Passengers on board the two flights were, however, unaware of the situation. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation will conduct a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643782", "title": "Sub-inspector's body found near Sitapur police station", "text": "LUCKNOW: A sub-inspector of UP Police was allegedly murdered and his body dumped by the roadside a short distance from a police outpost in Sitapur district, 80 km from Lucknow, on Sunday evening. The Sitapur police has mailed the victim's photograph to the district police across the state to establish the identity of the cop. Though investigators were tightlipped on the possible sequence of events that could have led to the officer's death, circumstantial evidences clearly indicated that it was a case of murder.Sitapur police chief Deepak Kumar told TOI that the body of a police sub-inspector was found on the roadside on Lakhimpur-Sitapur Road near the main Kotwali police station. The victim had an injury mark on the back of his skull. \"He didn't have the name plate on his chest. The nature of injury too could not confirm the possible cause of death,\" Deepak said, adding: \"The injury appears to be inflicted from a blunt object.\"In charge of the Kotwali police station, Vijay Gautum, told TOI said that the victim was about 50 years of age. The body was spotted around 6 pm on Sunday. \"It was found lying by the roadside and we were yet to find any eye-witness who could help establish how it all happened,\" he said, adding: \"We have mailed the photographs of the victim to all the district police chiefs and police stations across the state but yet to receive a reply from anywhere.\" The only clue the cops have got right now is the tag on his uniform which reveal that it was stitched in Saharanpur.The fact that the victim was found in his police uniform but neither his nameplate on his chest, nor his purse, ID card or visiting card could be found on his person, indicates to the fact that the cop was probably murdered and his body dumped by the roadside. Police confirmed that no service firearm was found on the person of the deceased. Sub-Inspectors posted for the field duty are issued service firearms - either a revolver or a pistol - from the district where they are posted. However, those posted at the offices of the district police and hence not roped in for policing activities like chasing criminals and outlaws, do not carry their service firearms round-the-clock. Hence it could not be established if the cop was robbed of his firearm or not.A case was lodged with the Kotwali police in connection with the incident and the body was sealed and sent for post-mortem examination. Police said a proper FIR would be lodged regarding the incident once the cause of death is established in the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649329", "title": "Justin Bieber to release acoustic album", "text": "Pop sensation Justin Bieber has revealed he will release an acoustic album next month, which will include unplugged versions of some of his hits.The 18-year-old can't wait for his fans to hear unplugged versions of some of his hits, including \"Boyfriend\" and \"As Long As You Love Me\" which will be included on the record , because they sound much more ''intimate''.''It's something the fans really like. Because I started out on YouTube just playing my guitar, just singing without all the production, so I like to just put out acoustic albums. I think it's more intimate,\" contactmusic.com quoted Bieber as saying.The album will come out in January but no further details about the release date have been revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17644925", "title": "Duo cheated of Rs 60,000 on promise of RBI job offer", "text": "AURANGABAD: An unidentified man duped a man and his sister-in-law of Rs 60,000 on the pretext of getting them employment with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The duo had deposited the amount in the suspect's bank account after a monk allegedly recommended the duo to do so. A complaint was lodged by the victim on Saturday with the detection branch of the Cantonment police station.In his complaint to the police, Rahul Tukaram Meshram (35), a post-graduate student and resident of Pethenagar Bhavsinghpura, said that he used to regularly visit Shravasti Budhvihar for religious sermons delivered by the monk, Dnyanrakshit. On December 1, the monk received a call from a person who identified himself as one Sontakke from Mumbai. The man said he could get jobs for educated youths from the community with the RBI in its Mumbai branch but they would have to deposit Rs 30,000 each in the Federal Bank's Badlapur branch.The accused had said that after the amount was deposited, the job-seekers would get a message informing them about the registration number with the bank and appointment date, detection branch police sub-inspector Ravindra Bagul said. Meshram and his sister-in-law Deepali Mande, who lives in Pune, deposited Rs 30,000 each in the given account number on December 3 and both received a message asking them to come to Mumbai on December 10.On December 9, the accused postponed the appointment by a day. When Meshram and Mande went to Mumbai on December 11, he did not answer their phone calls. They stayed in Mumbai for an extra day and tried to contact him, before realising that they had been duped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17642691", "title": "Mulani, Sidak shine in drawn tie", "text": "MUMBAI: Sure, the under-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy tie between hosts Saurashtra and Mumbai ended in a draw, but there were some notable performances in the three-day match played at Rajkot.Saurashtra, who won the toss, managed to score 266 in their first innings. In reply, Mumbai scored 321 for 8 before declaring their innings after 97 overs.Shams Mulani top-scored for Mumbai with a century (100), while Omkar Jadhav (54) and Khizar Dafedar (55) helped themselves to half centuries.When Mumbai declared their innings, Sidak Singh was unbeaten on two while Nishant Williams was batting on four.Sidak, however, was the star bowler for Mumbai, picking up five Saurashtra wickets and almost winning it for his team. He returned figures of 19-6-35-5.Brief Scores: Saurashtra 266 in 135.5 overs and 132-8 in 50 overs (Harvik Desai 53; Sidak Singh 5-35) drew with Mumbai 321 (Shams Mulani 100, Omkar Jadhav 54; Khizar Dafedar 55; Jayrajsinh Chudasama 4-111).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649118", "title": "I am blessed as I am getting good offers and scripts: Sonakshi", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha on Dabangg 2, her forthcoming flicks and more in a chatThe Dabangg 2 promotions seem like your look and everything else is the same. We don't see anything different, atleast from the promos?Sonakshi: Well, it is the second part of Dabangg so obviously the characters will remain the same and therefore the look will remain the same. I am playing a pregnant woman, so I have put on weight for the film and my saree look will continue in the film. But whether it is different or not, you will have to see the film for that!What's the kind of films you are looking forward to in 2013?There is Lootere with Ranveer, then there is Prabhu Deva's next with Shahid Kapoor , Bullet Raja with Saif Ali Khan . So all this feels that God is really kind and I have plenty to look forward to in the New Year. Guess , this will also make people think that I am not only working with senior heroes like Akshay and Ajay. I am blessed.What is the one thing that's important to you for agreeing to work on a script?I think, the working atmosphere really counts. We are new and learning and so if there is someone who guides and helps you with your work, it really matters. Dabangg was a success because it had the right elements and it was great working with all the artists. Am hoping that Dabangg 2 will also create the same and even more money at the BO because it was a great unit and it was fun working with the whole team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17645281", "title": "Forum asks bank to pay for fraud ATM withdrawal", "text": "RAIPUR: In a significant order that can have far reaching consequences for the banking industry, the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (DCDRF), Raipur , has held that banks have a \"civil responsibility\" to compensate victims of fraudulent ATM withdrawals.Making this observation, the DCDRF has ordered the State of Bank of India to pay Rs 93,000, with interest and compensation of Rs 3,000, to Rang Bahadur Thapa, a constable with the Chhattisgarh Armed police, from whose account the money was withdrawn fraudulently by the caretaker of the ATM. The caretaker, who is absconding, had duped Thapa's wife into telling him the ATM card password on pretext of helping her and had later allegedly used the same to withdraw the money from the account.The forum observed that while the caretaker is personally responsible for the fraud, the bank couldn't deny its civil responsibility in the case. The forum ruled that though the caretaker was appointed by the SBI through a private security company, for a common man, he was an employee of the bank and guarding its ATM.The forum also observed that the bank did not make any effort at its level to compensate the loss to the complainant, committed due to deficiency in service. The forum directed the bank to pay Rs 2,000 as compensation for mental agony and Rs 1,000 as cost of litigation.Police also registered a case against the errant caretaker Binu Prasad, who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17644387", "title": "Wedding ends in brawl over dowry demand", "text": "DOMBIVLI: A computer engineer employed with an MNC in Bandra-Kurla Complex was arrested for allegedly demanding dowry on his wedding day. His parents were also arrested.Praveen Bane (24) was supposed to tie the knot with Amruta Salunkhe (21) at Gyaneshwar Mangal Karyalay hall in Dombivli (W) on Sunday morning. Bane allegedly demanded Rs 2 lakh as dowry, which the bride's family refused to pay. This resulted in a heated argument which soon escalated into fisticuffs between the two sides. \"We were shocked when Praveen demanded Rs 2 lakh as dowry. I do not want my daughter to marry a greedy person,\" said Amruta's father Vijay.Praveen and Amruta, both of whom used to work in the same company, fell in love and decided to get married. Initially, Praveen's family opposed the alliance, but later agreed, said the police.Praveen's family and relatives have denied demanding the dowry. Said a relative, \"We reached the venue late and objected to one of the rituals. This angered members of the girl's family who beat up four of our relatives, including the groom. Praveen had to be administered four stitches on his head. But police did not register a case against Amruta's family.\"Senior inspector (Vishnu Nagar police) Rajendra Kulkarni said, \"On the basis of the complaint lodged by the girl's family, we have booked Praveen and his parents, Prakash and Chaya, under relevant sections of the Dowry Prohibition Act.\"Praveen Bane, a computer engineer employed with a multi-national company in Bandra-Kurla Complex, and his parents have been arrested for allegedly demanding a dowry of Rs 2 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17647753", "title": "HC to decide the agency in the Dombivli BSUP scandal issue", "text": "THANE: The criminal writ petition against the Thane police seeking to register offence in the multi-crore scandal in the Centrally-sponsored BSUP scheme in Kalyan-Dombivli is scheduled to come up for hearing in the Bombay high court on Monday.RTI activist Kaustubh Gokhale had moved the court two months back accusing the Thane police of dilly-dallying in registering an FIR in the corruption racket involving politicians and bureaucrats in the Kalyan-Dombivli municipal corporation.Gokhale had argued that he had submiited a huge dossier on the wrongs in the implementation of the scheme to provide near-free tenements to slum dewellers under the Basic Services for Urban Poor project.The information, he said, was sourced from records of the civic body through the RTI. It revealed irregularities in appointment of consultant to survey the slums and in finalising the beneficiary list. Gokhale said he had met top officials of the Thane police who acknowledged that there is a prima facie case which can be probed under the Prevention of Corruption act, however, no FIR was registered.Instead, the city police sought the sanction of the state government to transfer the case to the CBI. They argued that as 50 per cent of the funds towards the BSUP project was contributed by the Central government, the case should be handed over to the central agency well-versed with the issues.Gokhale, however, contested the arguments and said that the cops should first register an FIR and then after a preliminary probe take the decision to transfer the case to another agency. He moved the HC seeking its intervention and has sought that clear directions be issued to the Thane police to register the offence. Gokhale's petition is scheduled to come up for hearing in the court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17645130", "title": "Azampura road under bridge design worries officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: The construction of the Azampura road under bridge (RUB) is behind schedule. Though this is a worrisome fact, the authorities are more disturbed over the design of the RUB. It was recently noted by them that the RUB was likely to get flooded during the heavy rain in monsoon.The construction of the RUB was taken up by the GHMC and South Central Railways in May last year. The cost was pegged at Rs 1.7 crore and the work was to be completed in one year. The railways is entrusted with the responsibility of making the vent while the GHMC is to lay the roads on either side. The new bridge is being constructed parallel to an existing RUB.Towards the south of the vent the Dabeerpura nala runs parallel to the railway bridge. A road-bridge over the nala connects the existing RUB to the southern side. The plan is to lay another bridge over this nala and restrict the road for one way traffic. The precast vent has been jacked into place and the GHMC is expected to take over in four months.Authorities have found that the water levels come dangerously close to the existing bridge during rainy season. On paper, it is stated that the new vent is just a meter higher than the nala. The road on either side of the railway bridge will have ramps that will slope into the vent and the officials are worried that the nala water will flood the vent during heavy rain.A GHMC engineering official said that flooding of the newly constructed bridge and vent was imminent during heavy rains. \"We are working on ways to drain water out of the vent. A pumping mechanism is being thought so that the water collected in the vent will be pumped back into the nala,\" said the engineer who added that he could not comment on the technical soundness of the plan.Traffic jams are a common sight as the existing RUB is just 5.4 metres wide and the delay in construction the bridge adds to the chaos. Motorists heading towards Dabeerpura are forced to find other routes and during the month of Ramzan the heavy traffic towards Azampura mosque brings the traffic to a gridlock for hours even.\"The works were delayed as acquiring property took time. There are more properties to be acquired on either side of the railway bridge for laying roads. The delay is taking a toll on motorists,\" said corporator Amjadullah Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648224", "title": "Arjun's first look in 'Kadal'", "text": "Check out the first look of action king 'Arjun' in his upcoming film Kadal, directed and produced by Mani Ratnam. Arjun looks simply superb in a very rude face. 'Kadal' has music by A R Rahman and the film will hit the screens in January 2013.After a long wait and much delay, finally the first look of Mani Ratnam's ' Kadal ' starring Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair was out. Now the latest from the Kadal team is the first look of 'Action King' Arjun is out.Initially, Gautham's back turn image without showing his face was revealed then Gautham's face was revealed by the director. Recently, they have revealed the heroine Thulasi's first look images.Thulasi, younger daughter of yesteryear actress Radha, is making her debut with this film, which is teenage love story set in the backdrop of a fishing village. Thulasi is paired opposite Gautham Karthik, son of yesteryear actor Karthik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17649667", "title": "Concern over shortage of personnel, arms in Indian Army", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerns were voiced in Rajya Sabha on Monday over national security issues in the wake of severe shortage of personnel and arms in the Indian Army.Raising the issue during Zero Hour, Shanta Kumar (BJP) said it is a matter of grave concern that Indian Army is facing a shortage of 12,500 officers and 30,000 jawans.The shortage has been accepted by defence minister A K Antony and has been widely reported in media leading to a sense of insecurity among masses, Kuamr said.Demanding filling up of the vacant posts immediately, he said even former Army Chief V K Singh had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh regarding shortage of arms and equipment in the Indian Army.He also stressed the need for lifting the condition that appointment in armed forces can be made only on the basis of population of states so that more people from states like Punjab and Himachal Pradesh could join the Army.These are the states from where traditionally a large number of people join the Army and are willing to serve the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "book title", "code": "17648861", "title": "Revolution in the heart of India", "text": "Book title: Let's Call Him VasuAuthor: Shubhranshu ChoudharyPublisher: Penguin BooksPages: 270Price: 350This is the untold story of the growth of the Maoist movement in the very heart of India, an insurgency Prime Minister Manmohan Singh calls the country's most serious internal security threat. This is also investigative journalism at its best, with a jaw dropping narrative. After spending years chasing the story, former BBC journalist Shubhranshu Choudhary has come out with a gripping account of why the Adivasis and Maoists are at war with the Indian state.If activist-writer Satnam's book, \"Jangalnama: Travels in a Maoist Guerrilla Zone\" (also Penguin), could be called the Indian answer to \"Red Star Over China\", then this would classify as the Indian part II of the Edgar Snow classic. Shubhranshu is a gifted story teller with a reporter's eye for detail.The author is no stranger to insurgency. While a journalist, he was once fired at by Indian soldiers when he was with the ULFA. He escaped minus his media kit, fled barefoot, and rode a bicycle for six hours to catch a flight to Delhi.In this book, using his contacts forged when he was young, Shubhranshu forays into Bastar, the secure headquarters of the Maoist onslaught, to learn why the Communist Party of India-Maoist (CPI-Maoist) is today such a ferocious force.\"Let's Call Him Vasu\" is also a brutal expose of the way India has cheated the Adivasis. Shubhranshu travels to village after village with no trace of modernity. Hospitals do without doctors, teachers boycott schools but collect salaries, there is no water and power supply, there are no roads, and ration shops are located miles away. Worse, outsiders cheat the Adivasis left and right, bully and rape them, and even kill them if they don't give up their land for corporate India eyeing the enormous mineral wealth in Chhattisgarh's tribal heartland. \"It is only an accident of history that the tribals have turned to the Maoists.\" Indeed, the entry of Maoists shook a callous state and forced traders to treat the tribals with some dignity.Some of the darkest secrets about the CPI-Maoist are revealed in this book. How did a group of 49 men sent to present day Chhattisgarh a long time ago from Andhra Pradesh transform Bastar into a Maoist fortress? How big is the Maoist army in the region? Where do they get their arms from? Where and how do they manufacture them? Did the LTTE really train them? How do the Maoists treat their enemy, within and without? How do the security forces treat the Adivasis? Who are the men (and women ) posing such a threat to the Indian state? How big is the women's role in the Maoist movement? What is the Maoist budget? How was the Salwa Judum unleashed - and defeated? Can the Maoists ever win? Can they be subdued?Every question is answered - by the Maoists who allowed Shubhranshu to be in their midst, in their forest hideouts. If you are a student of Indian politics, this book is for you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644162", "title": "Cotton Marketing Federatio staff on mass leave", "text": "NAGPUR: Employees of the state-run Cotton Marketing Federation (CMF) have alleged that government's refusal to recruit new staff would soon lead to virtual closure of the organization. They claimed that while the federation did not do much business, its presence in the market ensured that traders did not fleece the farmers.The employees are going on mass leave on Monday to protest non-implementation of sixth pay commission for them. In the press conference, the office-bearers revealed how the government's policies made it evident that it did want CMF in the scene.\"Presently, the federation has 389 staffers. However, every year our strength will reduce significantly due to retirement. In December 2016, we will have 200 employees and in 2022 only 100. We have reduced the number of procurement centres due to staff shortage. Last year, we had started 257 centres but due to lack of adequate staff there was mismanagement. Hence, we opened only 109 centres this year. Gradually, the number will go down even further,\" employee union leader PS Kohadkar said.Samadhan Rahate complained that the government blamed the CMF for not earning profit. \"We have to pay a price that is above the market one. CMF's job is not to earn profit but to stop loot of farmers by traders. As long as we are in the market to buy cotton at minimum support price (MSP), farmers get at least that much from traders. Government has to understand this. If we do not set up centres who will buy cotton at government's MSP,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643605", "title": "Maharashtra tops high blood pressure tally, foodie Punjab at bottom: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Queer trends have emerged from the health ministry's first-ever large-scale study to check for diabetes and hypertension ( high blood pressure ) by actually testing blood samples from the country's general population.In the first phase of the study that checked 1.06 crore samples, Maharashtra recorded the lowest prevalence of diabetes (2.5%) on one hand but the highest prevalence of people suffering from high BP (18%) on the other.Punjab recorded the lowest BP (0.8%). Overall, 7% of those tested (7.59 lakh) were found to be diabetic while 6.18% (6.55 lakh) hypertensive.In another interesting trend, hill states of Sikkim, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Uttarakhand, where people are usually believed to be physically active, recorded high rates of diabetes and high BP.While Sikkim actually recorded the highest prevalence of diabetes (14%), Himachal Pradesh recorded the second highest prevalence of hypertension (14.2%) among all states surveyed. J&K; recorded 8.9% prevalence of diabetes while over 8% population in Uttarakhand were found to have high BP.Tamil Nadu (11.7%) recorded the second highest prevalence of diabetes followed by Karnataka (10.3%), West Bengal (9.8%), Kerala (9.3%), Odisha (9%), J&K; (8.8%), Punjab (8.5%) Andhra Pradesh (8.3%).States which recorded a comparatively lower prevalence of diabetes include Madhya Pradesh (2.9%), Assam (3.7%), Chhattisgarh (3.9%), Haryana (4%), Jharkhand (4.6%), Uttarakhand (5.7%) and Uttar Pradesh (5.9%).When it comes to hypertension, states like Andhra Pradesh (13.3%), Odisha (9%), Chhattisgarh (8.4%) and Gujarat (6.7%) recorded the highest prevalence while Assam and Rajasthan (1.4%), Kerala (2.4%), Bihar (2.7%), Madhya Pradesh (2.8%) and Uttar Pradesh (3.6%) recorded low prevalence.Dr Anoop Misra of Fortis said, \"Physical inactivity is usually associated with diabetes but smoking tobacco and high salt intake are the two driving forces for high BP in Indians. While some states might have an active population and hence low diabetes rates, their consumption of salt and tobacco could be high thereby resulting in a spike in high BP rates.\"A recent 'DiabCare study' conducted by Novo Nordisk found that the average age at onset of diabetes among Indians was 46 years with their average body mass index being 26.5 (falling in the overweight category).Around 31.3% of the people with diabetes were hypertensive. Risk factors showed 57% of those surveyed did not exercise at all. Almost 38% had a family history of diabetes.The number of complications increased with the mean duration of diabetes from one complication over 6.6 years to six complications at 9.7 years duration of diabetes.International Diabetes Federation (IDF) recently said nearly 44 lakh Indians in their most productive years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d aged 20 to 79 years -- aren't aware that they are diabetic. Diabetes killed 10 lakh Indians in 2011. Contrary to popular belief, the report said diabetes affects more people in rural India (34 million) than affluent urban India (28 million).The ministry has rolled out a diabetes screening programme in 21 states with a target to check 150 million people in 100 districts for diabetes and hypertension.The IDF said the gap between the number of diabetic men and women in India was diminishing. While 33 million men are diabetic, 29 million women are affected by high blood sugar. The latest global figures raised a serious alarm for India by saying that nearly 52% of Indians aren't aware that they are suffering from high blood sugar. India is presently home to 63 million diabetics \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an increase by nearly 2 million in just one year.Health statistics* 7% of 1.06 crore people tested have diabetes and 6.1% have high BP* Maharashtra has the lowest prevalence of diabetes (2.5%) but the highest prevalence of people suffering from high BP (18%)* Hill states of Sikkim, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Uttarakhand have recorded high rates of diabetes or high BP* Tamil Nadu (11.7%) has recorded the second highest prevalence of diabetes followed by Karnataka (10.3%), West Bengal (9.8%), Kerala (9.3%), Orissa (9%), J&K; (8.8%), Punjab (8.5%) Andhra Pradesh (8.3%)* When it comes to hypertension, states like Andhra Pradesh (13.3%), Orissa (9%), Chhattisgarh (8.4%) and Gujarat (6.7%) have recorded the highest prevalence* International Diabetes Federation (IDF) recently said nearly 44 lakh Indians in their most productive years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d aged 20 to 79 years aren't aware that they are diabetic which killed 10 lakh Indians in 2011* The ministry has rolled out the diabetes screening programme in 21 states with a target to check 150 million people in 100 districts for diabetes and hypertension* The IDF said while 33 million Indian men are diabetic, 29 million women are affected by high blood sugar* IDF estimates India is presently home to a whopping 63 million diabetics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644084", "title": "Engineering college to file review plea in Supreme Court", "text": "MUMBAI: Faculty from Thane's Parshvanath Engineering College will file a review petition after the Supreme Court upheld an order of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to close down the educational institute.The apex court has ordered the Thane college's closure and levied a fine on AICTE officials for allowing the institute to function till now. \"The teaching and the non-teaching staff will file a review petition in the SC,\" said Sameer Nanivadekar, a spokesperson for the college.\"We are yet to go through the SC's order. In such cases, the students and the faculty will be directed to the local Directorate of Technical Education that will decide on the transfer issue,\" said AICTE chairman S S Mantha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17644000", "title": "Engine scam: Lens on 3 officials", "text": "KALYAN: A KDMT (Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Transport)-appointed committee has found three civic officials responsible for replacing engines of new buses with old ones. The new bus engines were later sold off in the market.In its report submitted recently to KDMT general manager Sudhir Raut, the committed found the involvement of deputy municipal commissioner of KDMT Sanjay Gharat, then work shop manager Vishwanath Borchate and chief mechanic Anant Kadam in the engine scam.Raut has directed Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC) deputy commissioner Sura Pawar to lodge a complaint against the three accused with the Mahatma Phule police station. Pawar is likely to file a complaint on Monday.The engine scam was unearthed a couple of years ago when KDMT standing members found block prints carrying engine numbers lying in the depot. Engines with similar numbers had made their way to 'Chor Bazar'. Bus manufacturing companies allot a unique number to each engine. The KDMT standing committee then demanded an inquiry suspecting the role of some officials. Since the probe began, several buses whose engines were removed have been gathering dust at the depot. During the probe, the panel questioned 35 people, including officials from the bus manufacturing company, and found that Borchate and Kadam were directly involved in the scam as they were in charge of the depot. Gharat, who was heading KDMT, was held responsible for not preventing it.Congress corporator Navin Singh said, \"We want a suspension of the accused officials from their posts with immediate effect. Their crime is very serious as they played with the lives of people.\"According to civic officials, Borchate had already given his resignation before the probe, while Kadam is still holding the same post. Gharat has been transferred as deputy municipal commissioner to Dombivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17647829", "title": "Pakistan may disintegrate again, warns AQ Khan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan is at present in a worse situation than it was in 1971, said disgraced nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan , warning that \"the day will not be far off when we disintegrate again\" if social evils are not rectified soon.\"The country is at present in a worse situation than it was in 1971. It is plagued with all kinds of social evils. If we don't rectify this soon, the day will not be far off when we disintegrate again. In order to rectify the situation, the first and foremost necessity is to disengage ourselves from the foreign war and put our own house in order,\" Khan wrote in an article \"Events of 1971\" in the opinion section of a newspaper.Khan was referring to the war of the India-Pakistan war of 1971, which led to the birth of Bangladesh.He observed that all nations go through ups and downs - they have glorious periods and tragic ones. People usually ignore and forget the tragic ones while celebrating the good events with great pomp.\"It is most unfortunate that we in Pakistan have also not learnt any lessons from our past tragic mistakes. The breaking up of Pakistan on December 16, 1971, was one such recent event.\"Millions of Pakistanis are fully aware of the reasons behind that tragedy, but it seems that our rulers and the establishment are oblivious to these, despite the fact that it was such a traumatic experience,\" he wrote.Khan was put under house arrest in 2004 after confessing to have sent nuclear secrets to Iran, Libya and North Korea and sought the nation's forgiveness. He later retracted his remarks and alleged that he had been forced by former president Gen (retd.) Pervez Musharraf to make the statement.His opinion piece said that the country was broken up, \"hundreds of thousands of people were killed, women were raped and almost 92,000 army and other personnel were taken prisoner\".\"...As is usual here, nobody was held responsible for such a big and tragic disaster.\"Recalling the events, Khan wrote: \"We know that in March 1971 Gen Yahya Khan sent Gen Tikka Khan to East Pakistan to crush `insurgents'. We saw our own army killing our own people. It is a well-known fact that, when given absolute power, people become cruel.\"\"Extremely horrible scenes were shown on TV abroad (I was in Belgium at the time) and I was ashamed to see that such cruel acts could be perpetrated by Muslims against Muslims - Pakistanis against fellow-Pakistanis. Everybody is aware of the fact that West Pakistani baboos considered East Pakistan a colony and treated its citizens in the same way as the British used to treat us.\"He went on to say that the present situation in the country is not very different from that of 1971.\"Then, as now, the rulers and the establishment were under the illusion that they could and would crush their opponents...We are behaving no better than mercenaries - killing our own people for a few bucks. We have forgotten how to protect our own borders and sovereignty,\" he added.Khan went on to say that it is unfortunate that both our political and military leaders are under the illusion that they can crush their opponents.\"They could not manage to do that to a very docile nation in 1971, how then can they contemplate crushing a martial race? They will be fighting for a thousand years and bleed the country to destruction and disintegration,\" he warned.\"The rulers and the establishment are using our poor, brave soldiers as cannon fodder for the sake of a paltry sum in dollars. This money does not contribute to our economy or strength...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644224", "title": "Thulasi regains title, Guru triumphs", "text": "NAGPUR: Mumbai's venue has always been lucky for PC Thulasi. The Kerala girl had won her maiden Tata Open title there in 2010 and on Sunday, she repeated the feat after a gap of two years to end the frustrating title drought.By emerging the women's singles champion, No. 5 seed Thulasi bagged her first title of the year. In a one-sided final, 21-year-old Thulasi thumped Febby Angguni of Indonesia 21-15, 21-13 in 56 minutes.\"It was a much-needed win for me. I had a forgettable 2012 where despite trying hard I could not perform up to my expectations in the national and international tournaments. This venue (CCI) is certainly proving lucky for me. I am thrilled to win my second title here in three years. Crowd has been really supportive today,\" a relieved Thulasi told TOI from Mumbai.The ONGC shuttler admitted that she did not expect to win the title. \"My confidence was down because of continuous failures but this victory has given me big boost. I hope to do well in my next tournament at Lucknow (Syed Modi Grand Prix) to sign off the year on a happy note,\" added the world No. 107.The men's title was bagged by RMV Gurusaidutt. In an all-Indian final, Guru ousted No. 4 seed B Sai Praneeth. Both the trainees of Pullela Gopichand Academy fought hard in the first game but second seed Guru managed to win it narrowly.The 22-year-old Guru dominated the second game to complete a 21-19, 21-12 victory in 40 minutes. In 2011, Guru had lost in the final and was determined to do it better this time around.A jubilant Guru gives credit to his coach Gopichand. \"All the credit goes to Gopi Sir. He has been an inspiration for me since childhood. All the support staff and assistant coaches of academy have also contributed to my success. Whenever I have doubts, Gopi Sir is always there to help me out,\" said Guru, world No. 43, who had some fabulous results this year and hope to do well in the Syed Modi GP next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648993", "title": "Nithya Menen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s gives audio launch a miss", "text": "Nithya Menen has been busy shooting for her Kannada film, Mynaa.The audio of the film starring Chethan and in the lead was launched yesterday. The film is produced by NS Raj Kumar and is directed by Nagashekhar. The album was launched by the Kannada Super Star Puneet Raj Kumar. Actor-Producer Raghavendra Raj Kumar was also present in the function.After releasing the audio, Puneet even sang the title song, surprising the audice gathered. He also wished Raj Kumar, Nagashekhar and Chethan bright careers.The videos of the making of the film and trailer were also played for the audience. Jassie Gift has scored the music for the film. The only person missing at the do was Nithya Menen, who was conspicuous by her absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17645829", "title": "Devotees not floored by govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s temple roofing idea", "text": "CHENNAI: The eighth-century Sri Parthasarathy Temple at Triplicane is in the middle of a bitter legal battle over the government's plan to remove its coarse-stone flooring and erect asemi-permanent roof.A group of devotees has filed a petition in theMadrashigh court , saying that besides permanently damaging the antiquity of the temple , the move to cover the 'prakara' and 'pradakshina' course would hurt religious sentiments of worshippers.Dharshan of the 'gopuram ' and 'vimanam' of the temple is a prescribed ritual that devotees follow, they said , adding that officials of the Hindu religious &amp; charitable endowments (HR&CE;) department are removing the coarse stone flooring andinstalling polished granite flooring along the passageway aroundtheshrine . \"Thiswill resultin thedevotees' bare feet getting scorched in the summer ,\" they said , adding that coarse granite flooring naturally absorbs rainwater and provides acupressure relief to devotees doing 'pradakshina'.TheHR&CEcommissioner; , P Dhanapal , however , alleged that the petitioners filed the plea with ulterior motives and informed the court that the graniteflooring hadbeen made rough now andthatitwasbeing done for the convenience of the public.Another donor-sponsored project , the construction of a 'semi-permanent' roof , is being carried out to protect devotees from sun and rain , he said in a counter-affidavitin thecourt.Workisbeing doneon the request of devotees , Dhanapal said , adding thatthe 'sthapathi ' (the temple architect ) and 'bhattachariars' (priests ) too had been consulted . \"It will not hamper the customary viewing of the gopuram by devotees or impair the architecturalcharacter or rainwater harvesting in the temple ,\" hesaid . The petitioners , however , are notconvinced.\"If the roof is a temporary structure , the temple authorities have not said how long it willbein placeor whether ithas been mentioned as 'semi-permanent' in the approvalorder ,\" they saidin their reply . Noting thatthechaitanyam (divine powers ) of a temple is channelled according to its design and construction , they said , \"Where the temple has to be covered and where it should beleftopen isdetermined atthe timethetempleisconstructed.\"After it was built by the Pallava king Danthivarman , the temple authorities modified and expanded the structure . But,unliketheHR &CE; authorities , no king ever thought it fit to alter the original temple architecture ,the reply said.The matter is expected to generate heated debate when it is taken up for further hearing by JusticeDHariparanthaman on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17649481", "title": "OSPCB overlooking Hindalco hazards: Environmentalists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A team of environmentalists, who were on a visit to Sambalpur district, has alleged that the Odisha State Pollution Control Board(OSPCB) is deliberately overlooking factors that are causing environmental hazards in the area due to Hindalco's ash pond.Hindalco, which has set up its alumina plant and captive power plant at Hirakud, has allegedly been polluting the crop fields and canals of the Sambalpur distributary, said environmentalist Ranjan Panda.\"The OSPCB knows that Hindalco's ash pond has been causing serious damage to the crops and canal water, but it is silent on the issue. Nothing has been done even after the company was given a closure notice in August,\" alleged Panda. He said if the OSPCB was serious about controlling pollution, it should have pointed out the discrepancies in the ash pond design during regular monitoring.The OSPCB gave a closure notice to Hindalco power plant on August 18, but the company is yet to act on it. \"We had given a closure notice to the Hindalco in August. There is an ash disposal pond near the left embankment of Hirakud dam, which spills during rainy season. We have taken note of it,\" said senior environment engineer at OSPCB, Dilip Kumar Behera.Fly ash contains several toxic elements like arsenic, beryllium, boron, cadmium, chromium, chromium VI, cobalt, lead, manganese, mercury, molybdenum, selenium, strontium, thallium and vanadium, along with dioxins and PAH compounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17644064", "title": "CSI's IT conference concludes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The two-day national conference on improving service delivery through information and communication technologies' concluded on Sunday. During the sessions, emphasis was given on efficient delivery of different services at the doorstep of users especially to people living in rural areas. Many experts shared their experiences. About 10 papers were presented on different areas related to the topic. The panel discussion session with six panellists was chaired by Dr. Upendra Kumar, MD of UPTEC. Also, CV Singh, ex. vice president of Tata Motors and ex. president of Tata Daewoo , South Korea shared his experiences regarding the coordination between working in two different societies and how technology helped him in doing so.District Magistrate of Gonda, Roshan Jacob, explained how she with her team of officials implemented the pilot project of streamlining delivery of LPG to consumers and fertilizers to farmers. which was widely appreciated. Sanjiva S Dubey from IBM opined that that social media can be used for implementing grievance redressal system. Assistant Director General, UIDAI Technology Centre explained the amount of data required for Unique ID and how it should it be taken care of.Prof Bharat Bhasker of IIM, Lucknow said there is a need of amalgamation of different technologies and cooperation between different organisations to achieve the target of taking IT services to the doorsteps of the citizens. SB Singh, deputy director of NIC said that a lot of work has been done in UP regarding service delivery. tnnHe quoted the example of elections where people earlier were required to take their ID with them to cast votes but this time how slips with photo printed on it were prepared and the voter did not have to carry ID with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17642989", "title": "They feel 'young' while sharing war stories", "text": "JAIPUR: The five brothers of Nuan village of Jhunjhunu are struggling with old age problems including poor eight sight and joint pains among other things, but the moment they are asked to share the stories about their participation in the 1971 war, their reflexes become sharp. The most satisfying thing for them is that their 100-plus year-old mother is still alive to hear their stories.On the occasion of Vijay Diwas on Sunday, when the military marks its victory over Pakistan, TOI spoke to the family whose five sons participated in the battle.Seventy-year-old Gaus Mohammed Khan can't walk properly and takes painkillers to avoid joint pains everyday, but while sharing the story, he feels proud and young.\"I was posted in Jammu &amp; Kashmir during that time and under bone-chilling cold we had to remain alert 24 hours. During those days when there were no means of communication I was worried for my brothers who were serving the army in different capacity and were deputed in other areas,\" recalled Gaus Mohammed Khan, the eldest among the five brothers. He was serving as a sepoy.\"Humein pata tha Pakistan humarey saamney tik nahin sakta (We were aware that Pakistan can't stand in front of Indian army),\" Gaus recalled.Sadiq Khan was then posted in western Rajasthan. \"Our commanding officer was Brigadier Bhawani Singh, former Maharaja of Jaipur. During the wee hours on December 15, he told us about the raids at some of the posts which were acquired by the Pakistani army. During then we had gunned down 100 soldiers of Pakistani army and had captured 40.\"\"Interestingly a few Pakistani soldiers in order to get some mercy told us that their ancestors hail from my village. I politely told them I will obey the orders of my commanding officer irrespective of the fact that I also knew their grandfather. Later, they were released when government of India ordered to release the war soldiers,\" Sadiq recalled.The others including Maqsood Khan (66), Shaquat Khan(62) and Liyaqat also executed their duties in their units.\"Apart from the zeal while participating in the war, the nights used to be special when Pakistani airplanes used to drop bombs. As it used to be complete blackout, a plane dropping bombs used to be a horror as well as a visual treat,\" said Liyaqat.Recalling an interesting memoir, Shaquat, said: \"I remember when I was asked to jumped off from a plane with parachute. It did not open properly and I landed in no man's land. I had sustained injuries. Later after a fortnight I reached near an Indian post and showed my identity cards. During then, the family thought I was dead. Finally, after three months I reached home and everybody was relieved.\"The five brothers are now awaiting the India-Pakistan series as after leaving army what gives them a kick is a victory in cricket over the arch rivals Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645138", "title": "Injured girl unaware of parents' tragic end", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Jyoti, 15, remembers little of the accident. She has lost her parents and the seven-year-old child sleeping on her lap is no more. But her relatives have not told her that, they don't know how to. \"Before the horrific accident, the mini truck was stuck in a ditch and was pulled out after a struggle lasting 20 minutes,\" said the injured Jyoti.Undergoing treatment at the advanced trauma centre of PGI, Jyoti said, \"I was sleeping in the corner of the mini truck and little Arti was on my lap when suddenly our vehicle was hit and overturned. I do not know what happened next. Three youth pulled me out from beneath the vehicle.\"The Class IX student was among the four children on their way to attend a weekly satsang in Sirsa. Straining to remember, Jyoti recalls events of the day in bits and pieces. She remembers stopping over at the house of the relatives of one of the victims and being served tea, biscuits and bread. She also remembers that the vehicle was driven at high speed after the stopover.The anguished screams of Monu, who was at the wheel also came back to Jyoti. \"Monu was stuck in the driver's seat, screaming. Then I blacked out and when I gained consciousness, I was in a hospital with three policemen around me,\" she said. Jyoti was going to attend the satsang in Sirsa for the second time. Rakhi, a distant relative of Jyoti, said she is the younger of two siblings. Her elder brother Sonu, 21, refused to go at the last minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17644790", "title": "Sector 43 centre to cater to sectors 47-61", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If everything goes according to plan, the city will have two more commercial centres of the likes of Sector 17 in sectors 34 and 43. Though not as big as the sector 17 city centre, the proposed sub city centres will offer optimum facilities for residents.The sub city centre in Sector 43 will cater to the newly developed sectors 47 to 61 with high population density. The foundation stone of the sub city centre in Sector 34 dates back to 1978. However, the brass plate describing the structure has gone missing. Then chief commissioner of Chandigarh T N Chaturvedi laid the foundation of the new city centre on May 12, 1978.The Sector 34 structure has a figure of a \"bird of peace\", representing the constant need to work towards world peace. It also has the impression of a wheat ear, taken from etchings on the walls of the secretariat ramp, where it was made by some daily wagers. It was traced by Le Corbusier who designed the image of \"Sun and Space\".As per building by-laws, a uniform four-storey height has been fixed for all commercial buildings. A basic reinforced concrete frame of the most economical bay size and capable of interior modification was specified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643543", "title": "Land acquisition brakes on high speed corridor?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Land acquisition seems to be the biggest roadblock for the Railways' ambitious high-speed rail corridor project. The ministry of railways has identified seven corridors for running the high speed passenger trains, and the pre-feasibility study conducted by its consultant says land acquisition would be the major hurdle in construction of the corridors. It's not only for the political uproar that the land acquisition procedure leads to, but also the lack of co-ordination between the centre and the state that comes to fore during land acquisition, which would pose hurdles for the project.In case of 991-kilometre-long Delhi-Agra-Lucknow-Varanasi-Patna corridor, Railways will have to acquire land from all the states involved, and to do that, it will also need the NOCs from the state governments. The consultant, a British firm Mott MacDonald, has submitted its pre-feasibility study report to the ministry of railways. The report is now under ministry's consideration. The land acquisition for 15 to 80 metre wide high speed corridor will depend on alignment. \"The ministry has received several propositions, where area of land to be acquired would depend on the alignment,\" said sources in the ministry. But, whatever be the area of the land required for acquisition, sources in the ministry say that states' co-ordination would be needed foremost.The high speed rail corridors project is being handled by Indian Railways Construction Company ( IRCON) International Limited. Out of the seven corridors identified, pre-feasibility studies of three corridors have been completed by independent consultants. While the ministry has accepted the final report submitted for the 650 km-long Pune-Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, it's examining the report for 135-km-long Howrah-Haldia corridor and 991-km-long Delhi-Agra-Lucknow-Varanasi-Patna corridor.The challenges for the corridors do not end here. The pre-feasibility study also says that to construct high speed corridors and to run trains at 300 kmph on them, the country lacks the needed expertise in engineering and construction. \"This will require importing foreign technology, which will catapult the input cost for the projects,\" said sources. It's also a very long-term project, which would require massive investment. \"Countries like the United Kingdom took eight years to implement the high speed corridor project. Taiwan began pre-feasibility study in 1995, but the operation began only in 2007,\" added sources. India started pre-feasibility studies only in 2007-08, and there could still be a long way to go.In case of Delhi-Agra-Lucknow- Varanasi-Patna corridor, designs for bridges to be build on Ganga and Yamuna will have to be done with lot of expertise. The high speed trains would either run at an elevated level like Metros, or at a gradient. The trains are not proposed to run underground. \"All this would require at least five to six years for various studies for alignments, traffic, land acquisition, environmental impact and infrastructural requirements and bottlenecks,\" said sources.The ministry, however, is going-on with the project, slowly and steadily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644793", "title": "Newly-weds commit suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A newly-wed couple committed suicide in Choolaimedu after a quarrel on Sunday night. Police said Arunkumar, 22, and Sandhya, 19, a first year engineering student, got married against the wishes of their parents three months ago.Neighbours said the couple had a quarrel a couple of days earlier. After an argument on Saturday night, Arunkumar ran into the kitchen, doused himself with kerosene and set himself ablaze in front of his wife. A shocked Sandhya embraced him. Hearing their cries, neighbours took them to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital where they were admitted with more than 80% burns. They succumbed to burns on Sunday.Preliminary inquiries showed that Arunkumar had discontinued his studies which could have triggered the quarrel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17645102", "title": "Go 'clubbing' in your locality", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Community centres in the city will now function just like clubs with memberships for using the newly-introduced services of gymnasium and library. There will be a ban on meetings of political parties and holding of religious functions.Community centres in the city are not only being used for the purpose of holding marriages and other functions but the municipal corporation has been introducing additional facilities like gymnasiums, libraries, indoor playgrounds, computer rooms, reading rooms and other recreational facilities for residents.Instead of constructing new community centres, the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation is focusing on developing existing ones by incorporating more and more such facilities.The municipal corporation has prepared guidelines for the management of community centres and \"janj ghars\" in the city.The matter will come up for final approval of the municipal corporation's general house on Monday.The MC maintains that besides providing the above mentioned facilities, they are also promoting social, cultural, intellectual, literary and welfare activities amongst residents, members of community centres and senior citizens with the aim of building a happy, healthy and patriotic society. A person's membership of the community centre shall be cancelled if the member moves out of the UT.They are appreciating the municipal corporation's move of not only bringing in new facilities, but making an effort to run the community centers in a democratic manner with direct involvement of the area residents.Residents feel that the ban on political gatherings at community centers and opening up of facilities like gymnasium and library to the residents will provide them a better option for recreation. Sunil Chopra, president of resident welfare association of Sector 18, said the residents have limited options for recreation in the city.\"People are bound to visit expensive clubs and cafes in the absence of any recreational facility near their locality,\" he added.\"The involvement of people and their elected representatives to run community centers is an appreciable move. The additional facilities will only benefit the residents,\" said Surinder Sharma, president of resident welfare association of Sector 15.Chairman of Chandigarh social welfare council S S Bhardwaj believes the involvement of public will keep the centers busy with more meaningful events and benefit the city indirectly as these will be better managed.Some of the idle community centers had become a safe haven for miscreants and residents had been worried about the same.\"In the absence of any security, trouble makers would make the community centers their hideouts,\" said Sector 35 resident Mahesh Kumar.The community centres see to the need for a common space where residents can assemble and interact. Besides encouraging inter community bonding, community centres also provide economical venue for events and functions organised by residents. With upgraded facilities, community centres have been appreciated.Executive committee of community centreCommunity centres in the city will now function just like clubs with memberships for using the newly-introduced services of gymnasium and library. There will be a ban on meetings of political parties and holding of religious functions. Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"The executive committees of the community centres will run these with the MC's help.The executive committee of each centre will have the power to include additional facilities like cafeterias, more services for the elderly, while the MC authority will give full support to these committees for such purposes.\" Earlier, few people used to book these community centres due to the congested space and poor facilities. Many preferred big marriage palaces, banquet halls and resorts on the outskirts of Mohali and Pachkula, but now people have started using these community centres. Around three years ago, the MC had planned to construct two big marriage palaces, but later both the projects were dropped. The city has 40 community centres and five are under construction. The executive committee of the community centre will run the centre. The tenure of the executive committee will be 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644304", "title": "Centre offers protection to roadside vendors", "text": "PUNE: City-based activists and vendors have welcomed the Union government's decision to provide protection to street vendors.The Street Vendors Bill proposed by the Union government has made tough provisions to protect street vendors.\"We welcome the decision. Vendors have to suffer at hands of civic body and the police. The government's provisions will provide protection to vendors and also give them dignity to earn livelihood,\" said activist Nitin Pawar. Vendor organizations in the city also welcomed the move and said it should be approved immediately.\"As of now the corporation and police use force against us. Even vendors having license are troubled for no reason. We are here to serve city. We sell on streets because people need our products\" said Ramesh Kale, a street vendor.Union Minister of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation (HUPA) Ajay Maken recently said that enacting an effective central legislation for street vendors of the country for protecting their livelihood was one of UPA government's top priorities and the government would ensure that the law gets enacted at the earliest. He added that \"reign of fear and terror of municipal bodies and police against street vendors must stop and right to secured and dignified livelihood must be ensured through effective legislationPUNE\".Maken was speaking at the inaugural session of the national convention of street vendors which was organized by the National Association of Street Vendors of India (NASVI) on Thursday. More than a thousand street vendors and their representatives from 23 states of the country joined the convention. The theme of the convention was \"Challenge 2040: Countering the Marginalization of Working Poor and Need of Inclusive Central Law for Street Vendors\".Several municipal executives, mayors, livelihood and labour experts and representatives of development agencies also participated in the convention.Minister said the government introduced the Street Vendors Bill in the last session of the Lok Sabha , but the vendors still have issues of concerns and they want an effective central legislation which can ensure protection of their rights and entitlements. \"The government is alive and responsive to those concerns and we would ensure that livelihood protecting effective central legislation gets enacted,\" Maken said. He said that the rules or schemes should not usurp the rights mandated by the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644329", "title": "Woman arrested for forgery", "text": "MUMBAI: A 52-year old woman, who was evading arrest for two years, was finally arrested by the VP Road police on Sunday. Shraddha Vishwanath Shashabuddeh was arrested for cheating and forgery. She was remanded in police custody till December 21.In 2010, the police had registered an offence of cheating against Shraddha and Ajit Gamre. According to the police, the complaint was filed by one Anil Borde, alleging that the duo had duped him of Rs 13.5 lakh, promising him a flat under the Mhada lottery scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17645996", "title": "IPL-style hockey auction brings Bangalore boy bounty", "text": "NEW DELHI: The yet-tostart Hockey India League became the sport's most lucrative tournament in the world on Sunday, when its five franchise owners liberally opened their purses at an IPL-style auction , the first ever in hockey , in which players were sold for amounts unheard of in the sport.Indian captain Sardar Singh was the most sought after player and went to the Delhi Waveriders for Rs 42.5 lakh, a big jump from his base price of about Rs 15 lakh. The biggest surprise of the day was Bangalore drag-flicker V R Raghunath's winning bid of Rs 41.4 lakh by Sahara UP Warriors, way up from his base price of Rs 7.6 lakh.The inaugural HIL will run from January 16 to February 10 next year. Never before has such money been offered in this sport for a mere four-week stint.Even the lucrative European leagues only offer about $25-30 ,000 (Rs 13-16 lakh) for a six-seven month stint. In HIL, players will probably take home about twice that amount in less than a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644371", "title": "Transport reforms moving at snail's pace", "text": "PUNE: Implementation of urban transport reforms was one of the conditions put on the municipal corporations when the Union ministry of urban development sanctioned funds for procurement of buses to various cities, including Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. The pace of implementation of the reforms, however, has been very slow, the ministry officials said at a recent meeting.Though the civic officials have given the status of implementation of reforms, the ministry has sought more details. Both corporations have said that formation of the 'unified metropolitan transport authority' (UMTA) is under process. The ministry has consistently been saying that UMTA should be formed in all million-plus cities for proper planning and implementation of traffic and transportation projects. However, there has been no proposal or decision, either by the state government or the municipal corporations, about formation of the UMTA.Both the corporations were supposed to have separate policy on parking and advertisements. The parking policy should be aimed at discouraging use of private vehicles, the ministry had said. Similarly, the objective of the advertisement policy is to help generate funds for improving public transport. The PMC and the PCMC have said that their parking policies have been prepared. About the advertisement policy, the PMC has said that it is yet to prepare it. The PCMC has said that it has prepared a draft advertisement policy.The urban development ministry has asked the municipal corporations to provide details of the urban transport fund as early as possible. Both the corporations were supposed to create a separate urban transport funds for improvement of public transport and for funding the BRT projects. The ministry has also sought details from the corporations about the national common mobility card, helpline number for public transport, permit and chassis number of buses procured, and institutional mechanism for periodic revision of fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17643758", "title": "Police file dowry death case", "text": "LUCKNOW: A case of dowry death was registered by SGPGI police on Sunday. Anju Pandey was married to Rajesh Pandey, a resident of B-block, Gandhinagar in April.According to R N Pandey, father of the woman, her in-laws were harassing her for Rs 5 lakh. He told police that Anju had a fight with her in-laws over dowry around 15 days back and left home. Pandey, a resident of Sena Vihar colony, was informed by Anju's in-laws about her death.Pandey reached their Gandhinagar residence and found the body of the deceased lying on a trunk. Pandey claimed Anju was strangulated to death. The police have sent the body for post mortem and said investigations were underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17644112", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation moves to take over open spaces", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started the process to take possession of open spaces at HB Estate-3 at Sonegaon. A decision has also been taken to measure controversial open space of Saptashrungi Vihar layout and take necessary action.TOI had exposed on Dec 11 &amp; 12 how NMC officials were not taking possession of open spaces at HB Estate-3 and irregularities in Saptashrungi Vihar layout, also at Sonegaon. Responding to TOI reports, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare held a meeting of town planning department officials. NMC sources said Kumbhare went through the layout plan and details of HB Estate-3. \"He was shocked NMC not taking over open spaces meant for common amenities. Kumbhare directed the officials to start the process. The officials have now forwarded the proposal to estate department for further action. The estate department will inspect the layout and take possession of plots,\" they said.NMC sanctioned HB Estate-3 in 1998 but had not taken over 5,951.68 sq metre open space for reasons best known to it. The developer is only utilizing most of the space for a cattle shed but had also violated other norms.Sources added the town planning department had also written to city survey office asking them to measure the open space at Saptashrungi Vihar. \"Kumbhare went through Saptashrungi Vihar file as well and asked the department to act. The department also wrote to developer for depositing the survey charges. The next step will be taken after receiving report of city survey,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645580", "title": "Party begins on fun street", "text": "KOLKATA: The chill might be missing and the Yuletide spirit yet to set in, but Park Street has started partying.While the lights are already on at Kolkata's entertainment hub, the festivities began with a street food festival on Sunday. And there's more good news for those bent on making merry till late at night. Most restaurants on Park Street will remain open till well past midnight the next weekend and on December 31.While Christmas and New Year eves would see a late closure, restaurants are gearing up for an early celebration this time. Footfall is expected to be much higher due to the twin effects of the Kolkata Christmas Festival and the Anglo-Indian meet which begins on January 6.\"The crowd has already started swelling and we expect a bigger-than-usual turnout. The next weekend beginning December 22 is going to be a long one. The festivities will linger till Christmas. So, it makes sense to go for a late closure,\" said Pratap Daryanani, owner of Oasis on Park Street. The resto-bar will welcome visitors till 2 am on December 22, 25, 29 and on New Year Eve.Trincas will serve food and drinks till 1am on December 22. It plans to close late on New Year Eve as well. \"There seems to be greater excitement this time. The Christmas festival is a reason. We are expecting the Anglo-Indian meet to help build the crowd as well,\" said owner Deepak Puri. Across the road, One Step Up will serve till 1am on Christmas. \"Things have started warming up earlier this year. The festival could be bringing in more people,\" said Kothari.Mocambo and Peter Cat, too, will not down shutters till 1am on Christmas and New Year eves. But the restaurants will not be seeking a late liquor serving licence. \"We cater to families who prefer to dine rather than drink. So, we will be serving food till 1am but stop serving drinks after 11.30 pm,\" said Nitin Kothari, owner.The Christmas Festival has brought revellers back to Park Street, said Derek O' Brien, Trinamool Congress MP. \"It's going to be a great event and has helped bring Kolkatans back to the city's entertainment hub, where revellers have traditionally converged during the Christmas week. The objective of the festival is to recreate the traditional spirit of Christmas and promote brotherhood among communities. Yes, the crowd could be bigger this time, thanks to the festival and the Anglo-Indian meet,\" said O' Brien.The festival got off with a musical event at Allen Park. It will have a vintage car show and festive food competition on Christmas, followed by the unveiling of a Park Street theme song composed by Usha Uthup .It will be followed by another musical event. Amateur bands will perform at Allen Park in the afternoon. \"The festival will bring back the glory which Park Street had in the Sixties. We hope to put in a great show with help from the tourism department, Archbishop Thomas D'Souza and Bishop Ashok Biswas,\" said MLA Shane Calvert who is associated with the festival.Some restaurants, however, complained about the steep fee being charged for the late liquor serving license. \"For us, it doesn't make sense to pay the amount since it won't be feasible. The majority of our patrons will be families who would rather enjoy a late meal,\" said the owner of a restaurant.Nitin Kothari agreed. \"Mocambo represents the good old days of Park Street when the spirit of the Raj was still evident. So, we would love to be a part of the Christmas festival and the Yuletide spirit. The crowd could be bigger this time for it has already started swelling. If the festival continues to draw crowds, restaurants can expect a sharp rise in footfall. But a late closure won't be feasible for all,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644497", "title": "Woman ends life at home as hubby, neighbours chat", "text": "MUMBAI: The 32-year-old wife of a doctor committed suicide at her Kandivli (W) residence on Sunday evening. Asmita Shinde, the deceased, was a homemaker. She resided in a flat at RNA Complex with her husband, Ambar, and their nine-year-old daughter. No suicide note was found.The incident took place around 4pm on Sunday. The couple's daughter had gone to a relative's place at that time but Ambar was at home. \"The Shindes usually had their neighbours over for a chat on Sundays. This Sunday, too, some of them had come. During a conversation, Asmita went into the bedroom. When she did not emerge for some time, Ambar went to check on her,\" a police officer said. When she failed to respond, Ambar informed the Charkop police, who broke the door open and found Asmita hanging from the ceiling fan.The Shindes had a love marriage 12 years ago against the wishes of their families. Asmita's parents and in-laws were not in touch with her \"Asmita felt lonely at times. We will record statements of all those who were present in the flat when the incident took place to find out if a particular conversation had disturbed Asmita. A case of accidental death has been registered,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17644653", "title": "Cap divides owners", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inaugural player auction for the Hockey India League (HIL) was a day to remember for the sport of hockey. For hockey lovers, it was all good tiding as big money flowed during the auction, a first for the game which needs a boost, especially in India.In fact, some franchise owners felt they could have done with some more money in their pockets, saying the salary cap of Rs 3.5 crore imposed had tied their hands. The organisers of the league must be delighted that owners are willing to shell out much more on quality players.Jaypee Group chairman Manoj Gaur, the owner of Punjab Warriors, felt the salary cap was too small and 'impractical'. \"The purse for the owners should be increased. The current cap restricts our ability to put together a quality team,\" Gaur said, addressing his concerns to HIL chairman Narinder Batra.However, Batra said. \"At this stage during the auction, this request cannot be considered. For a change in salary purse to take place at this stage all the teams have to agree to it.\" Sahara, too, did not agree to Jaypee's proposal.\"We would have certainly liked a bigger purse heading into the auction. But all this should have been agreed upon prior to the auction,\" Sahara spokesperson Abhijit Sarkar told TOI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17645354", "title": "CRPF to employ mules in Bastar region for carrying supplies", "text": "RAIPUR: CRPF jawans, deployed in Bastar region of Naxal-dominated Chhattisgarh , will employ mules for transporting supplies to ground zero.\"In a bid to reduce the burden on security forces from carrying huge quantities of ration during anti-Naxal operations in the forest region, mules will be employed to carry goods,\" a CRPF official said on the condition of anonymity.A senior CRPF official said that besides reducing the security personnel's burden of carrying large quantities of ration during search operations, it will also help in the transportation of additional arms.\"After walking 20 to 30 kilometres in jungle with heavy bags, jawans generally get stressed. In such situations they become soft target for the ultras. The use of mule in carrying goods will keep them ready for long time in war zone,\" the official said, adding a mule can carry up to 72 kg on its back and walk 26 km without resting. Hence it would serve as good carrier in thick forest and mountainous region.The mules will be initially employed for the paramilitary forces only while police may be allowed for the same later.To start with, around 300 mules will be pressed into service, the officer said.Spread over 40,000 sq km, Bastar region had witnessed a series of deadly attacks by Maoist insurgents in the past one decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17644812", "title": "More than 70% of new buses violate safety rules", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 70% of buses added to various fleets by the state transport department over the past year violate structural safety rules prescribed by the Union ministry of road transport.Among the most commonly violated norms are specifications in the Code of Practice for Bus Body Design and Approval (AIS-052) that make bus doors and emergency exits mandatory. Sources in the transport department say bus bodies are built by local companies or in the primitive workshops operated by transport corporations. \"Workers in these units and even their supervisors are unaware of the safety norms,\" an official said on condition of anonymity.Instead of focusing on meeting safety standards, he said, state transport corporations spend funds on experiments with new colour themes.Bus body builders, mostly small units in and around Namakkal, which constitute a strong lobby, are simply not equipped to meet the structural safety norms. Workers in these units use hand tools while constructing bus bodies and fail to meet most safety standards.\"The state transport department chooses to give major contracts to these units because it helps cuts costs,\" the official said. \"While checking the buses, the RTOs turn a blind eye to all violations.\"A recent report by the Union road transport ministry took note of violations by state transport corporations across the country. The report said state corporations buy vehicles as drive-away chassis and assign body design and building to units that build automobile bodies.Logistics experts say the units usually deliver bus bodies of poor design and construction, made with cheap materials and parts \"Poor design and use of cheap materials compromise safety of passengers,\" said T K Pandian, a quality assurance expert. \"This could result in fatal accidents.\"None of the 675 buses that the transport department commissioned in November follow AIS-052 specifications, with not a single vehicle having doors or emergency exits. State Express Transport Corporation uses the new buses on 286 routes. Most of the 464 buses that the department commissioned last March also violated safety norms.\"Transport departments of various states do not follow safety norms,\" a former MTC managing director said. \"There is no excuse for AIS-052 violations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645582", "title": "Time to bake a cake", "text": "KOLKATA: Much before dawn breaks over the city of Kolkata, a handful of men light the huge earthen oven in one corner of Beckbagan and as the smell of freshly baked bread and cakes permeate the air, their work begins in earnest for the day. The picture is similar in other bakeries across the city - be it the Ahmed Ali bakery at Beckbagan or the Kanchan Bakery near Taltola, off Rani Rashmoni Road or other smaller bakeries at Tiljola and other parts of Beckbagan.Kolkata has still held on to the habits of the Raj days because of a handful of families who insist on their customized bulk fruit cakes - traditionally the Christmas cake, filled with the almonds, orange peels, murabba, walnuts, cherries, raisins and, of course, sometimes that tinge of rum or wine or whisky, according to their preferences.The whiff of these rich fruit cakes is good enough for you to go back for it year after year. For Dolorosa Pereira, it's been something she has been doing for nearly 25 years. \"Buying a cake from a branded shop is fine but I am never satisfied because they do not always use the correct ingredients. They may not use orange peels or almonds. I somehow don't find that heavenly taste in any of the branded fruit cakes here,\" she says. She loves lacing her cakes with a pint of her favourite rum and her friends have always praised her cakes and their flavours.Elizabeth Das of Picnic Garden has gone back to the bakeries for the past three years. \"Somehow, the quality is so much better with genuine ingredients and I can customize my cakes. The cost is also a big factor as I have to gift it to friends and relatives,\" she says. Cakes are getting costlier and costlier and the bigger the brand, the costlier it gets.Christina Samuels is happy with her piece of cake too. \"I would never buy from the market and I look forward to seeing the warmth and happiness that engulfs my friends and family when they get my cake. I wouldn't trade that for anything else,\" she says.But the story is same for Anik Chatterjee of Kasba or Robin Das and family of Southern Avenue. Their friends and family wait year long for Robin's fruit cake, which he gets baked from Beckbagan every year before Christmas. \"It's a fun thing and it has nothing to do with my religion or anything. My wife and I had begun doing this two years ago and it was a big hit with our friends and families. We even plan to get into selling off some of our cakes to our friends who like the taste so much,\" says Robin.The question is that of survival throughout the year. Says Naila Ali, the third generation owner of the Ahmed Ali bakery: \"My grandfather Ahmed Hussain began this bakery in 1942 and my father and after him, I have held on to this bakery. We supply bread, soup sticks, pizza bread, biscuits to several clubs, hotels and even Food Bazaar. Baking is done till early morning so that all products can be supplied fresh to our customers.\"Sheikh Nuruddin, one of the third generation owners of Kanchan Bakery is also upbeat about their lifeline, the bakery. His father Haji Sheikh Abdul Sovan, began their bakery in 1962 and they too bake bread and biscuits and supply this to restaurants and hotels throughout the year but cakes are special. \"We have a long queue from the second week of December as the workers have to work overtime to get the cakes ready for their clientele, who have been back year after year.\"Naila, Nuruddin and others of her clan, think the infrastructure needs to improve in the age-old bakeries. The oven needs to be upgraded and a government grant would do them a world of good. It is time someone spared them a thought for they preserve in their quaintness and their rickety infrastructure, a charm and whiff of the lost Calcutta that is so much a part of the city's tradition and charm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17644291", "title": "630 Indira Awas beneficiaries in Kishanganj served certificate notices", "text": "KISHANGANJ: In all, 630 Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) beneficiaries, who availed of the funds but did not construct their houses under the scheme, have been served certificate notices for realization of the fund allocated to them.Kishanganj deputy development commissioner (DDC) Umesh Kumar on Sunday said a data base was under preparation to find out how many of the IAY beneficiaries availed of the funds but did not get their houses constructed since the year 1995 to the present fiscal year.At the moment, 630 beneficiaries from across 126 panchayats in the district were randomly brought under scanner and served certificate case notices for the recovery of the government money, he said.Once the data base was prepared in the next few days, more such defaulters would be under the scanner, said DDC Kumar here on Sunday. Once, the data base was available, the entire picture about the IAY scheme will be all the more clear, he added.Claiming there has lately been greater transparency in the implementation of the IAY and other Centrally-funded schemes, Kumar said the progress rate particularly in respect of IAY was much higher in Kishanganj than elsewhere in the state.Besides, once the date base was released, everything will be out in the public domain, he added.DDC Kumar also broke the news that Kishanganj Zila Parishad (ZP)was slotted at the top in Bihar for its overall performance, and the state government was also likely to reward the district for the same.The DDC claimed the district's track record vis-a-vis implementation of poverty alleviation and other development schemes was also very satisfactory and there were far less complaints of any kind in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "17644221", "title": "Gondia Zilla Parishad president, VP arrested", "text": "GONDIA: Following high voltage drama after removal of chief executive officer of Gondia Zilla parishad Yeshwant Gedam on Thursday, ZP president Netram Katre, vice-president Vinod Agrawal and public works department chairman Vijay Rahangdale have been arrested on Sunday evening on a complaint filed by Gedam.After persistent complaints of corruption by Gedam, no cognizance was taken. The office-bearers of the zilla parishad had given three days ultimatum for Gedam's transfer, failing which, they would stall the working of ZP from December 13.Thereafter Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan himself intervened and Gedam was relieved on Thursday.But soon after Gedam was releived, he lodged complaint with police that he was manhandled by the office-bearers of the zilla parishad. The case was registered under atrocities against weaker section of the society.A complaint was registered against president Netram Katre, vice-president Vinod Agrawal and Vijay Rahangdale following which they were arrested by the Gondia police on Sunday later afternoon.But when they were produced before magistrate, they refused to apply for bail. Other office-bearers of the zilla parisahad are likely to be arrested on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17644914", "title": "Missing woman cop returns after four days", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad city police heaved a sigh of relief when missing woman constable Amruta Akolkar reported to the city police control room around 10 pm on Saturday.Akolkar, who had complained to the Maharashtra State Women's Commission (MSWC) of sexual harassment by senior police officials, had gone missing since Wednesday. Her mother, Shobha, had filed a missing person's complaint with the Satara police station on Wednesday night. The police had launched a massive search for her.Senior inspector Baburao Kanje, who is in-charge of the Satara police station, said, \"Akolkar returned on Saturday night around 10 pm. We took her statement, but she did not disclose where she had gone or why she was missing since Wednesday.\"Police commissioner Sanjay Kumar had said that on Tuesday, Akolkar had come to the commissionerate to complain against two officials. She was directed to lodge her complaint at the Satara police station but she did not go there. The next day, her family members said she did not return home after dropping her daughter off at school.Her mother claimed that she learnt about her daughter's disappearance only after she received a phone call from assistant commissioner of police Sandeep Bhajibhakre on Wednesday afternoon. However, Bhajibhakre denied this.The police said Akolkar had not reported for work since November 22 before disappearing on Wednesday. After the complaint about her going missing was lodged, the police from across the state were informed. The police also pasted pamphlets bearing her photograph at public places around the city.In August, Akolkar had complained to the MSWC against assistant commissioners of police Sandeep Bhajibhakre, Naresh Meghrajani and K S Bahure for allegedly sexually assaulting her. She had also approached a senior Shiv Sena leader with the complaint.Acting on the MSWC's directions, an inquiry was conducted against the senior policemen. Akolkar has remained in the eye of the storm for almost a year and was even suspended from service, only to be reinstated after a span of five months. A report has been recently sent to the MSWC to take a final call on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644693", "title": "Mapusa core area with heritage value marked as commercial", "text": "PANAJI: The core area of Mapusa town dotted with many houses of heritage value has been erroneously marked as commercial zone (C-1) in outline development plan (ODP) and the government should rectify the glaring error.\"These are the areas of Ansabhat, Feira Baixa, Feira Alta, Altinho, Rajwado and Angod, which have stately houses. Some of them are more than 100 years old,\" Antonio Lobo, convener of Mapusa Nagrikancho Ekvott (MNE) stated.The ODP for Mapusa town has shown the areas under Chalta nos. 135, 136, 137, 147 and parts of 124 as a commercial zone. \"These areas are overwhelmingly residential with hundreds of old houses of great heritage value but shown universally as C-1,\" Lobo said.The NGO has urged north Goa planning and development authority (NGPDA), in a representation, to protect the heritage character of the town. \"These houses of the 20{+t}{+h} century lend character to the area and each one has its own style, but which is homogeneous,\" Lobo added.Citizens are apprehensive that the owners may become potential targets of developers and enticed to sell their properties. \"Mapusa may lose forever a few things of architectural and historical value that it possesses,\" Lobo stated.The town's core area has several hospitals, nursing homes and schools. \"The planners have overlooked the noise that the residents, school children and patients will be subjected to once this area is transformed into a commercial hub,\" the MNE representation stated.The citizens alleged that the government's short-sighted policies of allowing high rise buildings will mar the town's heritage character. \"The government has not given the issue of heritage much attention and it should be a priority, as in Panaji and Margao. Then everything will fall in place,\" Roland Martins, a resident of Mapusa said.The MNE convener said the government should promote the concept of transfer of developmental rights (TDR). \"To ensure that houses are not demolished, a specific programme of TDR, which will ensure big gains to owners of such houses to build with higher floor area ratio in some other area, has to be created,\" Lobo said.The MNE has pointed out several errors and lacunae in the ODP, including some existing roads, which have not been marked. The agricultural areas are shown as suitable for transport, but citizens have opposed it. An undeveloped area along Mapusa river should be earmarked as recreational area-cum-park, the MNE suggested.The suggestions for a jogging track along the Mapusa river with a width of ten-metres has been ignored, Lobo alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17645419", "title": "Service sector gets top prority in project plans of local bodies", "text": "MALAPPURAM: As the deadline for the online submission of the projects by local bodies for inclusion in the current year's plan is Monday, the 123 local bodies in the district have submitted project proposals worth Rs 888 crores for online approval so far. More than 50% of these projects fall under the service sector.Project proposals worth Rs 528.57 crore have been submitted in the service sector with focus on health, education, child welfare, welfare of senior citizen, welfare of disabled and orphans and nutrition programmes. Earlier the last date for the submission of the plans had been set for December 10 and this was extended to December 17 following request from various corners. All the plans, including those in the pipeline, would have to be approved by the designated officers by December 17.Malappuram district tops the list in the number of projects submitted online for approval, in the state, with a total of 21,088 projects submitted by the 123 local bodies. Officials have already approved 11,213 projects and the remaining would be approved on Monday. Project proposals worth Rs 75.02 crore are in the production sector and proposals worth 284.79 crore are in the infrastructure sector.District collector M C Mohandas said the authorities have already taken steps to avoid delay in the approval of projects. The officials who were designated to monitor the submitted proposals online would review the process of granting approval. The district planning office would convene a special meeting to review the progress of the process at the district collector's chamber on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17644732", "title": "Music for the dead: $30,000 coffin that plays fave tunes", "text": "LONDON: Do you have a passion for music that you'll take to the grave? A Swedish coffin company is helping loved-ones stream music straight to the recently departed. The world's first 'Di-Hi-Fi' CataCombo Sound System, which costs around $29,910, is aimed at music-lovers who don't want to rest in peace.Using the system, people can compile their own personal playlists before they die and the music will be streamed into their coffin, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Even when they have gone, relatives can update the songs for their dearly departed via Spotify and a 'Catatomb app' using a touch screen built into the gravestone. The music is piped into the casket via two-way front speakers, 4 inch mid-bass drivers, divine tweeters and a hell-of-an-8-inch subwoofer'.They are powered and fine-tuned to the coffin's unique interior acoustic space which is fitted with an external cooling system so they don't overheat.\"Just because you are dead, you should not be deprived of the life-enhancing power of music. Some people believe that a beautiful melody can reach beyond our senses. Now you can expect nothing less than godlike comfort and heavenly sound from the catacoffin,\" inventor Fredrik Hjelmquist of Stockholm , Sweden, said.\"This is designed to allow customers to embrace their passion for music, in this life and the next. Hi-fi is my biggest passion in life, and I will take it to the grave. \"People in Sweden are so stuck up about death - I wanted to give them something to laugh about. I was very afraid of death and I wanted to lighten it up a bit,\" Fredrik said. Fredrik said so far he had only invented his own personal musical coffin - but was ready to take orders for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17642898", "title": "Thulasi regains Tata Open title, Guru triumphs", "text": "NAGPUR: Mumbai's CCI venue has always been lucky for PC Thulasi. The Kerala girl had won her maiden Tata Open title there in 2010 and on Sunday, she repeated the feat after a gap of two years to end the frustrating title drought.By emerging the women's singles champion, No. 5 seed Thulasi bagged her first title of the year. In a one-sided final, 21-year-old Thulasi thumped Febby Angguni of Indonesia 21-15, 21-13 in 56 minutes.\"It was a much-needed win for me. I had a forgettable 2012 where despite trying hard I could not perform up to my expectations in the national and international tournaments. This venue (CCI) is certainly proving lucky for me.I am thrilled to win my second title here in three years. Crowd has been really supportive today,\" a relieved Thulasi told TOI from Mumbai.The ONGC shuttler admitted that she did not expect to win the title. \"My confidence was down because of continuous failures but this victory has given me big boost.I hope to do well in my next tournament at Lucknow ( Syed Modi Grand Prix ) to sign off the year on a happy note,\" added the world No. 107.The men's title was bagged by RMV Gurusaidutt. In an all-Indian final, Guru ousted No. 4 seed B Sai Praneeth. Both the trainees of Pullela Gopichand Academy fought hard in the first game but second seed Guru managed to win it narrowly.The 22-year-old Guru dominated the second game to complete a 21-19, 21-12 victory in 40 minutes. In 2011, Guru had lost in the final and was determined to do it better this time around.A jubilant Guru gives credit to his coach Gopichand. \"All the credit goes to Gopi Sir. He has been an inspiration for me since childhood. All the support staff and assistant coaches of academy have also contributed to my success.Whenever I have doubts, Gopi Sir is always there to help me out,\" said Guru, world No. 43, who had some fabulous results this year and hopes to do well in the Syed Modi GP next week.RESULTS (ALL FINALS) Men's singles : 2-RMV Gurusaidutt (IND) bt 4-B Sai Praneeth (IND) 21-19, 21-12. Women's singles : 5-PC Thulasi (IND) bt Febby Angguni (INA) 21-15, 21-13. Women's doubles: 1-Lee So Hee-Shin Seung Chan (KOR) bt 2-Aparna Balan-N Siki Reddy (IND) 19-21, 21-13, 21-17. Mixed doubles: 1-Irfan Fadhilah-Weni Anggraini (INA) bt Alfian Eko Prasetya-Gloria Emanuelle Widjaja (INA) 21-16, 21-19. Men's doubles: 1-Ko Sung Hyun-Lee Yong Dae (KOR) bt Cho Gun Woo-Kim Dae Eun (KOR) 21-11, 21-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17644607", "title": "Vitamin-rich plants to root out malnutrition", "text": "BANGALORE: Barbados cherry, sweet lime, papaya, mango beetroot, leafy vegetables and oranges will soon be staple food for the malnourished children of Hyderabad-Karnatak region, if the state government's grand plan falls into place.About 75 lakh saplings of plants of vitamin A and C rich fruits and vegetables will be distributed free to BPL households, small and medium farmers, schools and gram panchayats in eight districts as part of the government's plan to address the problem of malnutrition.While Bidar, Gulbarga, Yadgir, Bellary, Koppal and Raichur are the districts covered in Hyderabad-Karnatak region, Bagalkot and Bijapur districts have been added from Mumbai-Karnataka parts under this scheme. Carrot, pumpkin, tomato, drumstick, curry leaf, chakramuni (called vitamin plant) will also be encouraged to grow.\"There is a great scope to mitigate malnutrition problem in the region by making the households, school children and the community to grow nutritive horticulture crops in their kitchen, school and community gardens. The deficiency in these vitamins results in poor physical growth, impairment in mental growth, anemia, night blindness , scurvy and other problems,\" M K Shankaralinge Gowda, principal secretary, horticulture department told TOI.The region has been chosen because the rate of malnutrition among children here is much higher than the state average. Bidar has recorded 1,216 malnourished children, while Raichur has 6,089. Bellary has 5,258, Koppal 4,496, Gulbarga 4,436, Bagalkot 2,533, Yadgir 1,831 and Bijapur 3,830 children. Though Belgaum has registered highest number of children suffering from malnutrition in the state with 7,587, the district has not been included.\"Starting from 2013-14, the horticulture department plans to produce 75 lakh plants at the rate of Rs 25 lakh each year for next three years. The benefits of the scheme is that 15 lakh households will be targeted, about 50 lakh children and nursing mothers will get protective fruits and vegetables,\" Gowda said.The women and child development department is already supplying eggs and milk to severely malnourished children in five districts - Gulbarga, Bidar, Raichur, Koppal, Bellary and Yadgir. 200 ml milk for two days and eggs for four days are being given in a week.Poverty, high percentage of female illiteracy, child marriage, discrimination and diseases during birth are major causes for child malnutrition in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17642963", "title": "Mukhbir Yojna showing results, two to get reward", "text": "JAIPUR: The 'Mukhbir Yojna' has started showing results as two persons have become eligible for reward for helping health department authorities conduct decoy operations at doctors' sonography clinics in the city. These centres were caught violating the PCPNDT Act through alleged involvement in sex selection activities.However, it appears that there is a need to spread awareness about the Mukhbir Yojna which rewards people providing information about doctors, nursing staff and others involved in sex selection by using technology.A health official said that two persons gave them information and helped them in conducting decoy operations to nab the accused involved in sex selection activities.The health department issued guidelines on July 7 on Mukhbir Yojna but since then only two persons became eligible for getting a reward of Rs1 lakh, the official said.According to the guidelines of the Mukhbir Yojna, Rs 50,000 would be given to an informer only after finding that his information is true, followed by a decoy operation to nab the accused. Another Rs 25,000 would be given to the informer after the charges against the accused is framed in the court. Another Rs 25,000 would be given to the informer when the accused is proved guilty of the crime of sex selection.The state government had introduced the scheme for encouraging people to play their role to curb female feticide. Under the scheme, the state government encouraged health officials and district administration officials to conduct decoy operations on the information provided by the informer (mukhbir) with the help of a pregnant woman.A health department official said that the Mukhbir Yojna has infused a fear among persons including those doctors, nursing staff and other persons involved in sex selection. \"It would prevent the use of technology for sex selection activities, which would increase the sex ratio in the state,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17645532", "title": "Class VI student dies in freak accident", "text": "KOLKATA: A Class-VI student accidentally shot himself dead while playing with his father's loaded service revolver in Diamond Harbour on Sunday. Subhojit Oraon, the victim, died on the spot since the bullet had pierced the left side of his chest.Subodh Oraon, Subhojit's father, is the bodyguard of Diamond Harbour sub-divisional officer (SDO) Koushik Bhattacharjee.According to cops, the guard's family lives in the quarters adjacent to that of the SDO residence. On Sunday morning, Oraon and his wife were busy doing some household work outside their quarters while their son, a student of Dhanberia High School, was studying inside the room. Suddenly, the couple heard the sound of firing from their room. They rushed in to find their son lying on the floor, holding the gun in his hand. He was immediately rushed to the Diamond Harbour subdivisional hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival.The incident has raised questions on the conduct of the guard. He's not supposed to keep his loaded service revolver within the reach of a minor, according to a police officer. \"If the boy would have carried the gun to his school and shot others, it would have been a great tragedy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17645474", "title": "'Crisis intervention centre need of the hour'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Dr Sherly Vasu, head of the department of forensic medicine, Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH) has mooted the setting up of sexual assault crisis intervention centres across the state to help the victims of sexual assault.A police surgeon who had performed autopsy on around 50,000 bodies during her three decades of service as forensic expert Sherly said a crisis intervention centre is a must in a state like Kerala which witnesses an increase in sexual assault cases every year.According to crime statistics with the police department, the state has reported 343 sexual harassment cases from January to September, 2012. Number of molestation cases and rape cases reported during the period are 2,798 and 715 respectively. The state had registered 1,132 rape cases, 3,756 molestation and 573 sexual harassment cases in 2011.The comprehensive intervention centre can be similar to the one set up by the Bangalore-based Vydehi Institute of Medical Sciences, which provides hospital basis crisis intervention service for sexual assault victims who are unsure of filing cases. \"The victims always think of committing suicide to get rid of the mental agony. On such occasions, a crisis intervention centre can play a pivotal role in the life of victims. The centre would provide free counselling and support services to victims and their families,\" said Sherly.\"The centre would provide privacy to victims, facilities for emergency medical aid, medico-legal examination and evidence collection including forensic evidence and follow up care.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644490", "title": "Oshiwara shooting witness traced", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara police, investigating the shooting of businessman Ejaz Khan, have traced an eyewitness who saw a man on a motorbike leave the spot. Based on the description, the police will prepare an identity sketch of the culprit on Monday.Khan, 44, was shot from close range while he was returning from a jog at the Walawalkar garden in Andheri (W) on Saturday evening. The police are looking at three possibilities which could have cost Khan his life-a disagreement over the redevelopment of his housing society, a spat over business or a property dispute. A few persons have been rounded up for questioning, but no arrests have been made.The cops went through CCTVs installed at the spot and came across footage where Khan can be seen walking outside the garden. But the cameras have limited range and haven't captured any images of the killer. Officers said Khan was shot in the chest and there was no exit wound nor any blood splattered where he fell. The metal lid of a bullet was retrieved from his body during a forensic examination. Khan, a resident of Millat Nagar in Oshiwara, dealt in imports of Chinese cutlery. He is survived by his wife, two kids, his parents and five siblings. \"Two people known to Khan have disappeared from their homes since his killing. We are looking for them for questioning,\" said an official. Khan wasn't robbed; his phone was found close to his body. Cops are also analyzing his phone records.According to the police, Khan's father used to be the secretary of a federation of 15 societies at Millat Nagar till a year ago. \"After the new secretary took charge, redevelopment of the societies was proposed. But Khan and his father were against it. There were several disagreements in this matter,\" said a senior official. \"Another possibility is that Khan ran into monetary trouble in connection with his imports business. All angles are being probed.\"Khan had criminal records at Wadala, Sewri and Nagpada police stations. He was held in a chemical theft case in 2005.\"People saw him slumping to the ground. As there was no blood spillage, passersby thought he had collapsed from a heart attack. Some tried to revive him by making him smell a shoe,\" said an officer. Eventually, Khan's acquaintances rushed him to Ambani hospital. Khan's funeral was conducted on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17645284", "title": "Row over mandatory life cover for kisan credit card holders", "text": "RAIPUR: A controversy is brewing after the Chhattisgarh Gramin Bank began \"forcing\" farmers to compulsorily get an insurance cover from SBI Life Insurance, a joint venture between State Bank of India and BNP Paribas Cardif, as a condition for availing benefit of its loan instruments, including the Kisan Credit cards.The issue came to light after Chhattsgarh Gramin Bank's general manager (Operations) issued a circular to all its regional managers, head of the departments and all branch managers to ensure that all Kisan Credit Card (KCC) hard holders are covered under SBI Life's insurance policy. The circular said such an insurance cover would not only ensure security for loan provided, but would also help increase bank's revenue.The Gramin Bank wants farmers to be covered under SBI Life Insurance Company's \"Swadhan Group,\" a non-participating group term insurance plan with return of premium. It is a simple and easy solution which offers dual benefits of life cover protection in event of death and refund of premium in case of survival up to the end of the cover term. The fresh circular came after the bank found that only 3,383 kisan credit card holders, out of 16,103 till September 30 were covered under the insurance scheme.\"Loan disbursement should be made only with prior approval of bank's regional office in event of non-insurance of kisan credit card holders,\" the circular said.When contacted, state agriculture minister Chandrasekhar Sahu told TOI that he was not aware of any state government policy that all farmers, availing loans from the Gramin Bank, should compulsorily have insurance cover that too from a particular insurance company. \"I will not be able to comment without going into the details,\" he added. However, Gramin Bank officials could not be reached for their comments.Protesting against Gramin Bank forcing farmers to buy insurance policy from a particular insurance company, Central Herbal Agro Marketing Federation Of India president Dr Rajaram Tripathi wrote a letter to banking division of the centre, insurance regulatory and development agency (IRDA), national bank for agriculture and rural development (NABARD) and SBI chairman, alleging that the bank was trying to make profits out of the farmers.\"While the Government is trying to provide monetary help in form of soft loan at the lowest rate of interest to poor farmers bankers have linked the \"lending function\" with \"compulsory Insurance scheme'' in order to make profit out of the farmers. The Gramin Bank has made a policy that every farmer provided with a kisan credit card, must have an insurance cover from the SBI Life, he said, adding that every farmer have to shell out approximately Rs 2,000 per year for a loan of Rs one lakh, even if it is against wish.Tripathi pointed out that the very purpose of providing soft loan to farmers was being defeated with the bank forcing farmers to buy an insurance product, making it binding on them for availing farm loans, including kisan credit cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17646695", "title": "Annual fest at St Arnold School", "text": "INDORE: St Arnold Higher Secondary School of Vijay Nagar held its annual fest, 'Arnofest-Fun Fair,' here on Sunday. Inaugurating the fest, the principal of St Paul's School, who was the chief guest of the event, said, \"Healthy mind leads to healthy body and such events help in promoting positive vibes.\"Principal of the school, Fr D' Mello said, \"On seeing the positive response from the general public and the students in particular, we've decided to make the event a regular annual affair from now on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643390", "title": "Man jumps in front of Metro, driver saves him", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro's much vaunted schedule went haywire on Sunday evening when a man jumped in front of a Dwarka-bound train at RK Ashram Marg Metro station. The man, identified as Asif (37) by Delhi Police, managed to escape serious injuries though he had to be pulled out from under the frame of the train.The incident took place at 6.09pm and delayed trains on the Blue line (Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali) by half an hour. Commuters had to wait for more than 15-20 minutes along the line after the train in front of which Asif jumped was halted for 20 minutes, said a Delhi Metro official.The man, a source said, was saved as the driver after he applied emergency brakes. Asif was taken to RML Hospital where he was treated for minor abrasions, police said.The CCTV footage from the platform is being analysed to determine the sequence of events, and if it was a suicide attempt or an accident. Witnesses told police that they saw the man standing quietly on the edge of the platform.The spate of recent suicide attempts at Metro stations has forced Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to take measures to prevent such incidents. Recently, DMRC had announced that platform screen doors would be put up at stations where there are large number of commuters like Rajiv Chowk and Kashmere Gate. However, it is yet to start work on the project. The seven-feet-high doors will act as a protective barrier and separate the platform from the track.Till December this year, 25 suicides have taken place at various Metro stations, said sources. In fact, the Delhi Metro is planning to have platform screen doors at all stations along the two new corridors coming up in phase III: Mukundpur to Shiv Vihar and Janakpuri (west) to Botanical Garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17645132", "title": "Kiran banks on welfare schemes to win 2014 poll", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress has implemented a number of welfare schemes in the state and if party workers can highlight these properly, it can easily win the 2014 election, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said during the brainstorming session on Sunday.AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and Kiran Kumar Reddy called for greater coordination among leaders and urged partymen to start campaigns in districts at the meet also held to find better ways to fight the opposition parties.\"You are the real media for the Congress party. If you can successfully campaign about the welfare schemes of our government among people, I am sure our party will again retain power in the 2014 polls\", the chief minister told thousands of party workers amid thunderous applause.During his hour-long speech, Kiran Kumar Reddy reiterated on how all the flagship programmes of his government such as interest free loans, one rupee per KG rice scheme, free power to farmers and Jalayagnam, helped the people of the state. In the meeting, also attended by AICC secretary Krishnamurthy, the chief minister called upon workers to launch the election campaign by carrying forward the message of SC/STs and assure people about sub-plans for minorities and other backward classes if voted to power again.The CM even took a dig at TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu calling him a 'chronic liar' who was misleading people with an eye on power. \"His sins will not be washed away even if he walks across the country and not just the state\", the CM added.Attacking YSRC leader Sharmila Reddy, the chief minister wondered as to how she could promise interest-free loan to farmers when his government was already implementing the scheme.During the session, there was virtually no mention of the late YS Rajasekhara Reddy. PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, who had been urging the state Congress to look beyond the YSR legacy and move forward, managed to distance the party from the past.Tributes were paid to all those who died for Telangana, Seemandhra, cyclone Nilam and other incidents in the state by observing a two-minute silence, but Congress leaders ignored the late chief minister which was a jolt for his sympathisers. The last state-level brainstorming session was held under YSR leadership in 2008 before the general election.The state Congress seems to have got Botsa's approval to disown the legacy of YS Rajasekhara Reddy, sources said. Also at the meet, Union tourism minister Chiranjeevi defended the merger of Prajarajyam party with the Congress and asked the party leaders to strive hard to make Rahul Gandhi the next Prime Minister. Later, Secunderabad MP M Anjan Kumar Yadav lamented that the party had ignored him at the time of cabinet reshuffle, even though he was the lone Yadav MP from the South.The meeting also adopted resolutions on education, agriculture, woman empowerment, employment for the youth, etc. All the junior Union ministers were present, but cabinet ministers S Jaipal Reddy and Kishore Chandra Deo were conspicuous by their absence.Meanwhile, police arrested 20 Madiga Reservation Porata Samiti (MRPS) activists and eight Telangana Mala Mahanadu activists for trying to gatecrash into LB Stadium where the Congress' state convention was being held on Sunday. The Mala Mahanadu protesters were asking the Congress leaders to immediately move a resolution in the Assembly for formation of a separate Telangana state while the MRPS activists were seeking a stance on categorisation of SCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17644646", "title": "200 devotees turn up for made snana", "text": "MANGALORE: Day one of the controversial 'made snana' ritual, held on champa shashti on Sunday, went off without any hitch at the Kukke Sri Subrahmanya temple. The Supreme Court had on Friday stayed the Karnataka high court order of November 8 which had allowed the modified 'made snana' ritual.The temple and police authorities pegged the number of devotees who voluntarily took part in Sunday's 'made snana' to approximately 200. The temple sources said they expect the number to swell further on Monday.According to H M Kale, executive officer of the temple, around 200 devotees, including those wearing the janivara (sacred thread), took part in the rituals. Devotees rolled over the leftover food - served to Brahmins on plantain leaves in the temple courtyard - in their belief that doing so would cure them of various ailments, especially those related to skin.\"None of the critics of 'made snana' tried to interrupt or protest against the ritual,\" Kale said.Striking a note of caution on 'made snana' being held on Monday, considered to be the most auspicious among the days in champa shasti, Kale said, \"It all depends on the Supreme Court - whether it vacates the stay given that legal moves are afoot in this direction.\" He added that the temple management will keep a tab on the developments that may take place in the apex court in this regard on Monday.Earlier, the state government had submitted to the high court that it would modify the controversial practice of 'made snana' at the temple. The modified formula, described as 'Yede snana', was to allow devotees to roll over food offered to the deity, brought directly from the temple's sanctum sanctorum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17643851", "title": "Law will take its course on Wal-Mart: Tewari", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Sunday said it will act against Wal-Mart if any violation by the global retail giant to gain entry into the Indian market is established.\"If at all any investigation does conclusively establish that there has been a violation of Indian laws... law will take its own course,\" information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari said in a TV interview.The minister also said the time had come for India to have a law modeled on the lines of the US Lobbying Disclosures Act, arguing that such regulation would make it compulsory for political lobbyists to be registered and make periodic disclosures of amount spent.Tewari, however, clarified that he was making the suggestion in an \"individual capacity\".\"Time has come. We need to put in place a statutory architecture which makes these declarations essential, even legislators, MPs and people in the executive, if they have in the past or continue to represent a particular company or a group of company, that interest must be declared even before they participate in a debate,\" Tewari said.At the same time, the minister sought to make a difference between lobbying and illegal gratification.\"How can you be certain that lobbying automatically translates into illegal gratification? There is nothing to suggest either in jurisprudence or otherwise that the term lobbying is synonymous with illegal gratification. It could, it equally couldn't be. Therefore, an inquiry will bring out the facts and government has agreed to an inquiry,\" he said.Tewari also said it was not proper to make any judgment one way or the other before the probe was complete as the government had already announced an investigation by a former judge into the allegations of Walmart spending money on lobbying to get entry into the Indian market.The minister also hit out at BJP, saying the opposition party has \"reversed criminal jurisprudence on its head\".Tewari exuded optimism that Parliament would be able to pass crucial bills on banking, pension and insurance reforms despite the political contradictions as \"the real fault line in this country is communalism versus pluralism\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645137", "title": "Banks fails to reach hamlets in Agency", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: P Somaraju (name changed), a community health worker from Eedulapalem hamlet in Visakhapatnam agency travels to Paderu, the Agency division headquarters located 45 kms away from his hamlet, to collect his salary of Rs 800 from a bank every month. He spends nearly Rs 100 on travelling and other expenses besides dedicating an entire day for the task.Like Somaraju, as many as 3,200 other community health workers (CHWs) and beneficiaries of more than 10 government schemes in Vizag Agency have been travelling long distances for decades just to fetch the few hundreds doled out by the government. These villagers have no option as banking facilities are all but missing in most mandals of the Agency areas in the district.As they come from far off places, the villagers are inevitably in a rush to finish the banking work as soon as possible. This results in long chaotic queues at the banks. Last week the situation went out of hand at the Chintapalli brach of Union Bank of India where around 500 farmers gathered to encash the cheques given to them towards compensation for crop damage. A stampede ensued in which a 55-year-old farmer, Vantala Chinnaiah was killed. Chinnaiah had come to the bank from Jadumuru hamlet, 15 kms away from the Chintapalli, to collect a compensation of Rs 1500.It is learnt that about 16,000 farmers from GK Veedhi, Koyyuru and Chintapalli mandal, who received the compensation cheques from the government, were instructed to approach the Chintapalli bank to encash their cheques.Lack of bank branches in the Agency is the main reason behind the stampede, which is a common scene every month at the branches of a few existing banks, said CITU district president M Suryanarayana.Countering his allegations, State Bank of India deputy general manager (business and operations), Manoj Khattar said that banking services have been set up at almost all areas where the population exceeded 2,000. Common Service Centre scheme is also being implemented, he said, while adding that around 1,300 business or banking correspondents (BCs) have been appointed across the state to extend the services to the below 2000 population hamlets. \"I don't think that the farmer's death is linked to the non-availability of banking services in the Agency,\" Khattar told TOI.According to reports, there are around 5.6 lakh people living in the Agency areas of the district which comprises 5,374 villages and hamlets spread over 11 mandals. Only 17 branches of various banks have been providing services to them. Mandals like GK Veedhi, Munchingputt, Dumbriguda and Anantagiri do not have any bank or any other financial institutions, according to a tribal leader from Paderu.Many elected representatives including tribal welfare minister P Balaraju had made tall promises to tribals that they would urge the bank managements to set up branches at each mandal headquarter, but so far there has been no move on this front.\"Building a new branch would entail higher costs, especially in villages where the volume of transactions does not keep pace with the investment. Moreover, the threat from the Maoists has always been considered to be a major deterrent in the Agency areas,\" a senior bank officer revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17645181", "title": "Kids celebrate birthdays with the underprivileged", "text": "NASHIK: In an attempt to bridge the gap between the various strata of society, school children celebrated their birthdays in a unique way on Saturday.For the fourth consecutive year, the children of Orchid International school at Trimbak road celebrated their birthdays at the Shri Ramkrishna Arogya Sansthan with underprivileged children from nearby areas. The Sansthan and the school have been jointly organizing this event to inculcate feelings of brotherhood amongst children of different classes.Children of Orchid International and those of the Gram Panchayat school gathered at the Sansthan at Anjaneri in the morning and sang the prayers of their schools. \"The Orchid School children do not spend their money on birthday celebrations; rather, they collect the money as funds which have come to over Rs 1 lakh now,\" said Swami Shrikanthanand of the Sansthan. It is from these funds that the children distributed notebooks to the 150 underprivileged children and saris and shirts for their parents.\"Parents should not feel that the children are a burden on them when they send them to school. These children will support their parents when they grow up. Today, these children will make their parents very happy when they go home with gifts,\" said Swami Shrikanthanand.He said the poor don't remain poor forever and the rich might become poor one day. \"Therefore, it was necessary for people with money to help the underprivileged. The minds and hearts of children need to be moulded to make them ideal human beings,\" he said.Orchid International principal Dr Sundar Gandikota said, \"Such activities are essential to keep children from prosperous families grounded and to eliminate the inferiority complex from the minds of the underprivileged children. Inspired by Swami Shrikanthanand, we started with these activities four years back and all schools need to inculcate them into their curriculum.\"The children were given sweets and snacks at the end of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648505", "title": "Supriya Shukla and Rasik Dave join Sanskaar!", "text": "Recently, Media is abuzz with the joint venture by Swapna Waghmare Joshi and Shalini Thakare's aspiring family drama on Colors. The makers have left no stone unturned to make the series a hit with roping big names and veteran actor like Aruna Irani. The show will also mark as the return of Avinash Mukherjee to his home channel post Balika Vadhu.According to the latest information, the show which was christened as Sanskriti has seen a slight change and will be now called as Sanskaar. To add on, the makers have also done a last minute casting with roping in beautiful and vivacious Supriya Shukla. Supriya is fondly known for her character of Laboni from the ace show Tere Liye on Star Plus.Furthermore, Gujarathi actor and famous Ketki Dave's hubby, Rasik Dave will also be seen acting in the show.When contacted, Supriya Shukla stated, \" I am the last minute add in the cast so I don't know much about my character. Only that I know is I will be essaying the character of Ramila, the chachi of the male lead, who has a son (Avinash Mukherjee). It's a lovely character and I will be playing such character for the first time.\"All our efforts to reach Rasik Dave were futile.The first promo of Sanskaar will hit the channel today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17643647", "title": "Man kills wife, infant son for dowry", "text": "KANPUR: A man allegedly killed his wife and eight-month-old son for dowry on Saturday night. Phoolchandra, of Taluqapur Majre Mawaiyya village in Fatehpur district, killed his wife Seema Devi (24) and son Atul Kumar by giving them poison.They were rushed to the hospital, where doctors pronounced them dead on arrival. Deputy superintendent of police Janardan Tewari said, \"They were gasping for breath when they were brought to the hospital and doctors later pronounced them dead on arrival.\" Police sent the bodies for postmortem.According to the police, Phoolchandra married Seema of Pharsi village in Fatehpur district a couple of years back and the two had an eight-month-old son. On Saturday night, he entered into a fight with his wife and ordered her to bring a two-wheeler and Rs 50,000 from her parents.\"Phoolchandra, who wanted more dowry, started abusing and beating his wife. He then fed his wife and infant a meal laced with poison and fled. Post mortem will throw up more details on the murders,\" added a police official.The woman's father Chedi Lal has accused his son-in-law of killing his daughter and eight-month-old grand-son and filed a complaint with the police.\"Since their marriage, Phoolchandra had been harassing my daughter to bring more dowry and he used to beat her regularly,\" said Chedi Lal, the father-in-law of the accused.An FIR has been lodged in this connection against Phoolchandra and his parents. \"It is a case of dowry death,\" said a police official at Thariyaon police station.The police arrested Seema's father-in-law Vishal but have not been able to arrest her husband Phoolchandra, who has been absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17644559", "title": "In the land of beaches, Bondla still a big draw among locals, tourists", "text": "PANAJI: Though famed for its beaches, Goa has much more to offer than just the sun, sea and sand.There seems to be an increasing number of takers for wildlife and eco-tourism, also on offer in this coastal state. According to data from the state forest department, Goa's Bondla zoo has received over 50,000 visitors from April this year till date.With 83 mammals, 61 reptiles and two peafowls on display, the Bondla Wildlife Sanctuary which is spread across eight sq km and is located in Goa's Ponda taluka is a popular destination for tourists and students alike.D N Carvalho, deputy conservator of forests (wildlife and eco-tourism), said the Bondla zoo offers early morning nature trails as well as bird-watching opportunities. Bondla reportedly plays host to over 100 bird species. The zoo also has gardens which include lawns, exotic trees and flowering plants, botanical gardens as well as archaeological exhibits.He said the zoo has ten double-bedded cottages. It also has two dormitories that can accommodate a total of 48 people.He said the zoo was receiving \"very good response from visitors and (accommodation facilities) occupancy is full on weekends.\"The cottages are available for 1,000 per suite a night. A canteen facility is available but orders need to be placed in advance as materials have to be sourced from neighbouring Usgao since nothing is available in the vicinity of the forested zoo area.The forest department has received revenue of over 12 lakh from visitors to Bondla. Around 2,000 people were allowed to visit the zoo for free during the wildlife week as is usually done each year. On other days, ticket charges are 10 for children and 20 for adults. Students on study tours are allowed free entry.The zoo, which is maintained by around 120 staff, recently acquired seven new black bucks from the Pune zoo. The Sambhar enclosures have also been completed. Hippos will be arriving from Mysore by the end of the year, said Carvalho. Efforts are on to get an elephant, as well as pheasants and white peacocks soon, he added. The zoo lost Radha, its female elephant, when she passed away in January.Carvalho said besides Bondla zoo, the Dudhsagar waterfalls received over 1.5 lakh tourists, a majority of these being foreigners. He said the forest department has been planning a camp site at the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary, and one at Collem is already functioning. There is also a butterfly park at Cotigao, for wildlife and nature enthusiasts, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17643065", "title": "Execs in Jaipur are less stressed: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: The corporate honchos, senior and middle level executives experience less stress and mental fatigue in the Pink City than their counterparts in most of the cities in the country, including metros. A recent report released by industry body Associated Camber of Commerce and Industry of India ( Assocham ) ranks the the city among the \"low stress zones\".Report attributes the lack of competition, less working hours and favourable eco and administrative system for the low-level stress and fatigue. The report was prepared after surveying more than 2000 executives working in different streams.It indicates that Jaipur being a small city remains immune to a number of hassles that lead to anxiety and tension. The analysis mentions that neither commuting nor board room meeting takes long time. Corporate issues are resolved without much of deliberations.\"Expansion plans are not ambitious as those in metros and the systems that are in place are supportive to executives to take stress and mental fatigue in right earnest,\" said report.On the contrary, metros and cities like Pune and Ahemdabad are the places where stress levels are higher.\"Jaipur has a very congenial atmosphere of working. If I can point out specifically, people here lead a bit of laidback life and take everything easy. This nature flows right from top to bottom and is good if you want stable growth. But this can't be said of the right spirit for business escalation\" said Vinod Gupta, director in a company at Mahindra World City.His views are echoed by VS Vyas, vice-chairman of the state planning board. \"This place has all facilities that we can ask for in any modern city. At the same time we have our old values intact -- neighbours talk to each other, we still celebrate festivals and there is a community feeling. This automatically takes half of your mental stress,\" said Vyas.The report's analysis is supported by the crime records which registered negligible suicides due to depression among this section of society. The survey points that executives working in institutions and bodies funded by Central and state governments enjoy more relaxed life compared to those in corporate houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17644952", "title": "Energy conservation award for Balkrishna ltd", "text": "AURANGABAD: Balkrishna Industries Limited, a tyre manufacturing company at Waluj, was ranked second in the National Energy Conservation Awards 2012 in the tyre sector in the large/medium-scale industry category.Kallol Sinha Ray, senior vice-president, operations, Balkrishna Industries Limited, received the award from President Pranab Mukherjee at a function held at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Friday.The awards are given to industrial units who have made systematic and serious attempts at efficient utilization and conservation of energy throughout the year.\"We are proud to receive this award in recognition of our consistent and continual improvement in the area of power, fuel and resource utilization. While demonstrating an ecologically sound conscience, with this award, Balakrishna Industries has made it to the second position of the list of energy efficient companies in the country,\" said K Venkataraman, senior general manager (operations).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17645200", "title": "Rising pollution, drop in temp leave young Vizagites gasping for air", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Asthma is catching its victims young in the port city. The rising pollution levels in Vizag coupled with the dipping mercury levels have resulted in a sharp increase in number of children suffering from various respiratory problems.According to doctors and environmental activists, the alarming increase in childhood asthma cases in the city is not just due to genetic predisposition but largely because of rising environment pollution.The result? The out-patient paediatric department of King George Hospital (KGH), which used to get about 10 cases of asthma per week just five to seven years ago, today gets close to 35 cases of children suffering from breathing problems on an average each week.Respiratory problems among children, especially in the age group of 5 to 15 years, are escalating largely due to various forms of pollution, confirmed P Padmalatha, professor and head of the department of paediatrics at KGH. The main culprit, say environmentalists and medical experts, is the open dumping of coal and other bulk cargo by Visakhapatnam Port Trust that is creating a major health problem for the residents of Old Town.As per a survey conducted by the department of environment sciences, Andhra University, the RPM (respiratory particulate matter) and SPM (standard particulate matter) should not exceed 100 and 200 micrograms, but in areas such as Kotaveedhi of Old Town as well as Gnanapuram, it exceeds by 20 to 40% depending on the seasonal wind direction, and is mainly due vehicular and dust pollution from VPT.According to environment activist and senior advocate I M Ahmed, around 40,000 students living in the Port Area, Gnanapuram and One Town suffer from asthma or some kind of respiratory ailments. India is estimated to have around 25 million asthmatic children, whose numbers are steadily rising.\"Children and infants are the worst sufferers. Not only asthma, they also suffer from various kinds of respiratory tract and lung infections as the pollutants and dust particles enter the body and mix with the blood stream. The turnover of hospitals in the city from pollution-related ailments alone is around Rs 200 crore,\" claimed Ahmed, who has filed various petitions on pollution in residential areas near Vizag Port that have been accepted by the Lok Adalat, State Human Rights Commission and the AP high court. According to experts, asthma attacks generally go up during winters due to dryness in the atmosphere and increased irritation to respiratory mucus. But paediatric asthma is reaching to alarming proportions because of a combination of factors including industrialisation, rise in vehicular traffic, exposure to viral infections and allergens as well as changes in dietary habits that are proving to be a dangerous cocktail causing a subsequent change in the immune system. Besides genetic factors and air pollution, indoor and outdoor allergens such as house dust mite, fungus mould, incense sticks, dust, house paints, smoking, hairs from pets, pollen grains too trigger asthma problems, say medical experts. According to pulmonologists, the problem is persistent or recurring among the economically poorer section due to irregular intake of medicines. But what is even more alarming about this trend, point out medical experts, is the severe side effects that even inhalable steroids, which are used to lighten asthma symptoms, can have on the health of children. \"At times, it becomes imperative to treat even paediatric asthma patients with inhalable steroids, which can have several side effects on the child in the long run,\" said K Subhakar, pulmonologist and state task force chairman, Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP). A case in point is Kotaveedhi resident Ali Hussain's five-year-old Aslam. \"Aslam's growth has been stunted due to prolonged steroid use,\" said Hussain, adding \"Three decades ago, it was an unknown disease in our area. People from West Bengal and Orissa would come for health change to our city but today my entire family is suffering from asthma.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17646614", "title": "Girl gang-raped in moving bus in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A medical student in her twenties, who was traveling with her male friend in a whiteline bus from Munirka to Uttam Nagar area in west Delhi, was allegedly gang-raped by a group of men inside the moving bus and thrown off the vehicle near Mahipalpur in south Delhi on late Sunday night.The woman's friend is an engineering pass-out and works for a private firm.The girl and the boy were reportedly returning after watching a movie at a theatre in Select City Walk mall in Saket area of south Delhi.They took an auto till Munirka and then boarded the whiteline bus from the bus stop to go to Uttam Nagar area near Palam where they reside.The girl was gang-raped by people including the staff of the bus even as the driver drove around the city and her friend was brutally assaulted.The duo were then stripped and dumped from the moving bus near Mahipalpur flyover.The girl and the boy raised an alarm and the cops arrived. They were taken to the AIIMS Trauma Center for medical help.The girl was shifted to Safdarjung Hospital later. Her condition is stated to be critical. She has abrasions and head injuries apart from the sexual assault injuries.The police have registered a case of gang rape under section 376 G at Vasant Vihar police station and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17648051", "title": "Bollywood actors show off six pack", "text": "While Salman Khan was at it for a long time now, some of the lead actors of Hindi films have realized the importance of sporting a six pack only now. But now that they have understood it, everyone seems to want to get fit and show off their washboard abs on screen. Remember Shah Rukh Khan doing it in his film Om Shanti Om for the song Darde Disco? Well now that has been taken forward by many an actor and the addition to this is list Farhan Akhtar for his upcoming film. Here is a list of actors who sported and rocked the look onscreen.Farhan Akhtar: There are no doubt about Farhan's acting skills, in fact the filmmaker has proved it each time in the films he has done. But Bhaag Milka Bhaag , the actor has taken his dedication towards the vocation to the next level. Anyone who has seen the trailer of this film will swear by his look. Farhan is looking chiseled, fit and in the best of shape and people have been going gaga over it.Aamir Khan: That the actor is a perfectionist, we have no doubt about but the actor doesn't fail to impress with each of his films. Whether it was losing weight for his role in 3 Idiots or sporting a moustache in Taalash , Aamir has done it all. And in the film Ghajini , Aamir was seen sporting a six pack abs which the audience couldn't stop raving about.Shah Rukh Khan: The nation went crazy after they saw the King Khan grooving to Dard-e-disco with his fit body. And while the rest of us were discussing the much fit Khan, he maintained a steady stance that this was a gift that he wanted to give his son, Aryan, so that he was proud of his father. Well, whatever the reason, the audiences sure enjoyed this bit of exposure.Salman Khan: When it comes to a fit body and six pack, the Bollywood brigade will always be led by Salman Khan. It is none other than this Khan who had started the trend of sporting a shirtless look onscreen and had the female population swinging to his tunes. He is the one who trained quite a few Bollywood actors including Hrithik Roshan himself who went on to display his washboard abs on screen and win a accolades in the process.Ranveer Singh: Well, he might be a loud mouth but there is not denying to the fact that Ranveer Singh is rocking the six pack look which he first sported in the film Ladies Vs Ricky Behl . The actor went on a strict diet and an intensive workout regime to achieve the look which went on to make him the heartthrob of millions. Now this is one actor that we would like to see maintaining the look.The others who have rocked the six pack look onscreen is Ajay Devgn, Akshay Kumar and more lately Jacky Bhagnani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644373", "title": "Nitish Kumar asks officials to promote poultry farming", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday asked the state officials to promote poultry, goat and sheep farming on a large scale through the Jeevika project with a view to increasing income of small farmers in rural areas.While reviewing the works of animal husbandry and fisheries resources department, the CM also asked the officials to provide necessary subsidy or financial assistance to the farmers for the purpose as per the provisions laid down in the state's agriculture road map.\"It was also decided at the meeting that the state government would provide subsidy to the farmers for starting hatchery, its mother unit and broiler unit to scale up poultry farming,\" the chief secretary A K Sinha said. He said farmers belonging to weaker sections of the society would be provided necessary training and subsidy through the Jeevika project for such farming.Animal husbandry and fisheries resources minister Giriraj Singh , Development commissioner Phool Singh, principal secretary to the CM secretariat, Anjani Kumar Singh, department's secretary Shashi Shekhar Sharma and MNREGA commissioner Pradeep Kumar, Jeevika project CEO Arvind Kumar Choudhary were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17644495", "title": "21-year-old hangs self in Borivli home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 21-year-old woman committed suicide at her Borivli (W) home on Saturday. No suicide note was found. Maurishka Matkar-Bandesha had a love marriage in July 2011. She is survived by her husband, Ranjeet Singh, and nine-month-old daughter Chehel.Police said Maurishka and her husband did not get along. After a fight, Ranjeet called up Maurishka's mother and asked her to take Chehel with her to her Malad home. Maurishkar's mother took the baby away on Saturday. \"When Ranjeet returned to his IC Colony home after work on Saturday, nobody opened the door. He informed the police. On breaking the doors, we found Maurishka hanging,\" said senior inspector Suresh Kilje.Maurishka's parents said they did not have a complaint against anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17644019", "title": "Now, visa-on-arrival for Bangladeshi citizens", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre is planning a new travel agreement with Bangladesh, enabling citizens of both the countries to avail visa on arrival. This new travel agreement is likely to be signed in January 2013, when Indian home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde will be visiting Dhaka to sign a number of other pacts with his Bangladeshi counterpart M K Alamgir. Indian officials are expecting the new travel agreement to come into effect from April, as it will take some time to process it.The move is aimed at mending fences with Bangladesh. The country had been left disappointed after the Teesta agreement fell through in September 2011. The objection raised by Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee disrupted the process. With the Teesta pact put on hold and Mamata still sticking to her stance, external affairs minister Salman Khurshid skipped the subject while discussing bilateral issues with Alamgir in New Delhi earlier this month.The visa-on-arrival will initially be restricted to certain categories of travellers. Shinde and Alamgir had held talks in Delhi a fortnight ago, so that Bangladesh government agrees to provide a similar visa-on-arrival to Indians.The move is also expected to give a boost to the image of Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , who will be facing elections in 2013. She is known for her initiatives to improve Indo-Bangla relationship. In 2012, there were regular talks on bilateral issues, with Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni travelling to India on a number of occasions. Hasina even sent an envoy to attend I K Gujral's funeral recently. Indian President Pranab Mukherjee also has plans to visit Bangladesh.Indian officials said the facility would be available to patients coming to India for treatment, elderly citizens above 65 and children below 12 years of age with parents accompanying them. Plans are afoot to extend this facility to businessmen and tourists travelling in groups. Visa-on-arrival is likely to remain valid for two months and talks are on to explore the possibility of exempting businessmen from reporting before the local police. Also, travelers who have never overstayed the visa period could be eligible for this visa.At present, there are plans to allow Bangladesh visitors to enter India, through visa-on-arrival, at points like the Haridaspur-Benapol border, as the Kolkata to Dhaka bus plies through this route. Another point can be Gede-Darshana border, in case the visitors travel by train and the Kolkata and Delhi airports. Similarly, a visa-on-arrival centre may come up at Tripura as there is a direct bus link between Agartala and Dhaka.However, the officials want to ensure that the entry and exit points from India should be the same. Then it will be easier for the Indian agencies to keep track of those who are staying back, because there are often allegations that many people from Bangladesh, entering on a short visa, are staying back and it becomes difficult for the Indian agencies to track them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17642981", "title": "US school shooting: Obama to meet families of victims", "text": "WASHINGTON: America is still searching for answers to the unfathomable tragedy of 20 innocent children and six teachers massacred by a gunman even as President Obama headed to the grief-drenched Connecticut town to meet the families of the victims, first responders, and to speak at an interfaith vigil.Emerging details, including names and ages of the children and the cold-blooded manner in which they were massacred, and the heroic efforts of teachers that saved many, added to the unspeakable pain of a nation in mourning. Sixteen children were six years old and four were aged seven, an angelic, innocent time when many still had milk teeth. Eight of the victims were boys and 12 were girls. They were shot multiple times. All six teachers and school staff killed were women.In one chilling moment that recalled the gruesome horror of the carnage, the chief medical examiner who examined the bodies of the children was asked if they suffered. \"If so,\" said Dr Wayne Carver after a deep pause, \"not for very long.\" The children were so disfigured that most parents were not shown the bodies to spare them the shock; they identified them through photos. Asked how many bullets were fired, Carver said, \"I'm lucky if I can tell you how many I found.\"There was a slow drip of information about the shooter, but no comprehensible reason why he chose this school and why he aimed at children. Early reports that his mother Nancy had taught at this school were refuted, although some accounts said she may have volunteered as a classroom aide.Adam Lanza himself had studied in the school several years back but he was so nondescript that recollections were hazy and school records had not been fully accessed. An aunt of his told a local radio station that Nancy Lanza had withdrawn him from school and home-schooled him after some disagreement.The most striking disclosure about Nancy Lanza, who was her son's first victim, was that the 52-year old divorced mother of two was a gun enthusiast. She had a cache of weapons at home, the legacy coming from a police family that made her familiar with firearms. Nancy had five weapons registered to her, including a Sig Sauer, a Glock , and a Bushmaster.A family member told media that Nancy Lanza was a survivalist who was stockpiling food and arms fearing an economic collapse. She also taught her son to use firearms. It was suggested that both mother and son may have practiced together at firing range, which would explain the deadly accuracy of his shooting which killed many but injured very few.Adam Lanza is believed to have killed his mother first at home before heading out to the school, in her car, and with her weapons.Investigators also focused on how he managed to enter the school which had only recently revised its security protocol that required visitors to ring a bell and be buzzed in if they were properly identified. It emerged that he was not buzzed in as initially reported, but broke into the school.Authorities said they had gathered \"very good evidence ... that our investigators will be able to use in painting the complete picture, the how and, more importantly, the why\" of Adam Lanza's insane killing spree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17647685", "title": "Jiiva gets a warning", "text": "Jiiva seems to be a very busy man these days. His Neethane Ponvasanthan, directed by Gautham Menon and has Samantha playing Jiiva's love interest hit screens last week. Soon after the film's release, the actor rushed to Malaysia for Yuvan Shankar Raja's concert along with his friends.The latest we hear is that the actor is back in the country and is off to Hyderabad for the shoot of Yaan , which marks the debut of cinematographer Ravi K Chandran's debut as a director.The debutant director has already warned the actor that the schedule for the film is going to be a grueling one and that the actor has to put in a lot of energy in them. The director has reportedly said that he is planning to shoot some energy-packed action sequences. Jiiva is now gearing up for come high-octane sequences. The film also marks the debut of Thulasi Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17644635", "title": "Wild boars target sugarcane crop", "text": "MARGAO: Sugarcane cultivators from Xeldem, Quepem, are an exasperated lot. Tons of sugarcane that they had cultivated and due for crushing has been devoured by wild boars and other animals that have found their way into their farms, thereby causing enormous financial loss.Besides petitioning the department of agriculture, over 20 affected farmers have written to local MLA Nilesh Cabral, andto chief minister Manohar Parrikar seeking help to end their woes.The farmers, speaking to TOI, pointed out that they have been cultivating sugarcane for the last several years, but not once in the past it had attracted wild animals. \"This year, we have had to watch our crops being destroyed by the flock of wild boars that entered our farms,\" one farmer said.The loss has been more painful for those who had availed of loans from banks to finance their farming activities, the farmers pointed out. As sugarcane cultivation is the sole source of livelihood for many of them, the farmers are finding it tough to repay their dues.Following a complaint by farmers earlier, a team of officials from the forest and agriculture departments and Sanjivani sugar factory had conducted a joint inspection of the fields which had suffered damage to the crops. The farmers pointed out that following the inspection only five farmers had been provided monetary compensation leaving the others in the lurch.The farmers have urged the Goa sugarcane cultivators association to take up the matter with the authorities concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17645951", "title": "All in the Game", "text": "Wharton is offering an online course on gamification \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the application of digital game design techniques to business challenges. Tirna Ray reportsGamification as a business practice has emerged over the last two years. Organisations are applying it in areas such as marketing, human resources,productivity enhancement, sustainability , training, health and wellness, innovation and customer engagement.As Kevin Werbach, associate professor of legal studies and business ethics, Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania, points out, gamification is a relatively new but fastgrowing business concept. The open online course, which reaches a huge number of people beyond traditional students, is a great way to raise awareness and understanding of gamification.Gamification, Werbach elaborates, means using techniques from digital game design to solve business problems. The course provides dozens of examples of companies using game elements to promote customer-engagement , enhance employee-productivity , encourage sustainable behaviour change in areas such as health and wellness, and create a better environment in the workplace.\"Gamification is a powerful tool to motivate people. There are countless situations in business where a more motivated group of customers or employees would benefit organisations ,\" he adds.This course examines the mechanisms of gamification and provides an understanding of its effective use. Six weeks long, the workload is of 4-8 hours per week and each participant, clearing the course, receives a certificate of completion. There are a series of assignments with deadlines, which must be completed successfully to receive a certificate of completion.Werbach further adds that no application is needed for this course. Anyone can register for free at https:// www.coursera.org/course/gamification . It is open to anyone curious about gamification or games generally. That might include : students in business, IT, design, engineering , games studies, or other related fields; employees at companies that could apply gamification to their business; technologists or entrepreneurs seeking to incorporate gamification into their projects; game designers wondering about business or social impact applications; investors wondering about the financial potential of the games industry; video game aficionados excited about the deeper potential of games; or anyone seeking to deepen their understanding of an exciting new field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17644359", "title": "Administration to set up camps to shield poor from cold", "text": "PATNA: It's hard time for pavement dwellers of the state capital with mercury dipping and the sun playing hide-and-seek these days. Taking their plight into consideration, the district administration is to put up five temporary camps with blankets for them. Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has already started distributing firewood for bonfire at 19 locations in the city.The district administration will also start distributing blankets and firewood in every ward of the PMC on different dates soon as the mercury dips to 10 degree Celsius.Arvind Kumar, ADM (general), said, \"This is the first time that Patna district administration is going to set up such temporary camps for the pavement dwellers. Each camp would accommodate at least 50 persons at a time. We have earmarked five points in Patna - near Rajendra Nagar station, Patna Junction, Jagdeo Path, Mithapur and Bankipore bus stands.\"He said, \"A caretaker would monitor each camp. Only needy persons would be allowed to such camps. The caretaker would keep watch that the blankets are not stolen.\"A PMC official said, \"We have started distributing firewood among pavement dwellers between 7pm to 9.30pm. Each of the locations is getting 25kg of wood daily.For Bahadur, Daru, Mukesh and Prakash, all migrant workers from Buxar who spend night on the pavement with nothing but bonfire to protect themselves, the temporary night camps would be a big help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17649582", "title": "Nakul bets on 'Naan Rajavaga Pogiren'", "text": "After a small break, Nakul is back with his next movie titled 'Naan Rajavaga Pogiren' which is directed by Prithvi Rajkumar and written by Vetrimaaran. Nakul has had a mixed-bag of a career so far and he is betting on his latest 'Naan Rajavaga Pogiren' with Chandini and newcomer Avani Modi as the heroines.Directed by debutant Prithvi Rajkumar, the film is apparently complete and ready for release. It is said that Nakul plays a happy-go-lucky youngster whose life takes a turn after he falls in love. How he saves his love interest from danger is the crux of the story.' Naan Rajavaga Pogiren ' has cinematography by Velraj under Udhayam VLS Cine Media productions. G V Prakash Kumar has composed the track for the films and recently confirmed that actor Simbu has sung a song in the soundtrack.One of the highlights is that the dialogues are by national award-winning filmmaker Vetrimaaran. The audio and trailer of Naan Rajavaga Pogiren were launched in Chennai recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17644353", "title": "Centre may stop releasing funds for purchase of buses", "text": "PUNE: The Union ministry of urban development is likely to stop releasing of funds to Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations for procurement of buses unless more bus depots get operational. Recently, the ministry has also sought details from the corporations about the implementation of urban transport reforms, including creation of the urban transport fund.Lack of adequate number of depots has been a major problem for the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited. The 10 bus depots the PMPML has are just about sufficient for 1,000 buses. The transport body has over 1,500 buses, most of which are not maintained properly and have to be parked on roads, because of inadequate number of bus depots.The pace of urban transport reforms being implemented by the two municipal corporations and the lack of depots had come up at a meeting convened by the urban development ministry in October this year. While the main focus of the meeting was on the major delay in procurement of buses sanctioned by the government under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, the ministry officials also took a serious view about the slow pace of implementation of urban transport reforms, except for a few states.Officials of the PMPML and Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations had claimed at the meeting that procurement of the 650 buses would be completed by the end of October. Of the 650 buses, 500 were for Pune and 150 for Pimpri-Chinchwad. The Union government was to provide 50% of the cost for procurement of buses, while the remaining funds were to be shared by the state government and the municipal corporations. The PMPML officials said that the 500 buses for Pune have been procured, but 16 buses for Pimpri-Chinchwad are still to be delivered by the bus manufacturing company. At the meeting, the ministry officials had directed the civic officials to purchase all buses by the end of October. The ministry officials had said that further funds for buses will be released only when the bus depots become operational.As per the minutes of the meeting, the PMPML and civic officials had said that \"10 depots are under construction and it will have a capacity to accommodate 1,000 buses''. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, eight locations have been identified for bus depots and land has been earmarked, the officials had said at the meeting. However, when contacted recently, the PMPML officials said that it would be incorrect to say that there are \"10 under construction depots''. The PMPML has 10 functioning depots, and it is pursuing with the two municipal corporations to allot land for more depots, the officials said.The PMPML's joint managing director Pravin Ashtikar admitted that the number of bus depots is inadequate. However, there is a proposal for redevelopment of depots with 2.5 FSI on build-operate-transfer basis. The proposal has been approved by the PCMC. A similar proposal is to be approved by the PMC also. After the proposal is cleared by the state government, the bus depots will be taken up for redevelopment, he said.If the urban ministry acts strictly as per its statement that more funds for buses will be released only when the depots become operational, the two civic bodies will have to wait for several months, if not years, to get the funds.While the exact amount of funds sanctioned by the ministry for purchase of 650 buses is not known, the ministry has said that 90% of the funds have been sanctioned to most cities. The remaining 10% is to be released depending on implementation of the urban transport reforms. The ministry has said that payment to bus suppliers should be made from the municipal budget. The amount would be reimbursed after the corporations have fulfilled the conditions.It is not for the first time that the PMPML and the two municipal corporations have been asked by the ministry to increase the number of depots. During earlier meetings also ministry officials had observed that more depots were necessary for parking and proper maintenance of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-17"}
