{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15284984", "title": "Cousin's feuding kills Nelamangala", "text": "BANGALORE: Till 2005, Bethanagere Srinivasa and his cousin Bethanagere Shankara were inseparable. They even went to jail together for a murder in 2005. After that, their relationship soured and they left a bloody trail in and around Nelamangala town on the Bangalore-Mumbai highway.Shankara was released on bail but Srinivasa remained in jail. As a result of the rivalry, seven murders followed in quick succession. The first victim was city-based lawyer Ravi Kumar who was hacked to death on July 3, 2010. \"The cousins turned arch rivals over real estate deals and sharing of the spoils. Many parcels of land on the Bellary Road along the Bangalore International Airport road were sold or acquired for industrial and residential purposes. The areas left were localities close to the Bangalore-Mumbai highway near Nelamangala,\" said a report by the then deputy superintendent of police (Nelamangala sub-division) HR Dharanendra.\"Most of the gangsters who killed BEML Krishnappa were allegedly friends of Bethanagere Seena in jail. Almost all the accused in the Krishnappa murder case are jail birds out on parole,\" police suspect.When the duo was arrested for the murder of Balekai (banana) Basavaiah in 2005, Srinivasa was elected to the local gram panchayat as its member. After being released on bail, Shankara joined hands with BEML Krishnappa, who supported Shankara as he needed a goon feared for his criminal background. Srinivasa, popularly known as Seena, vowed to eliminate both.From Bellary prison, Srinivasa, controlled several criminal activities. He has been charged with a double murder in 2007, after advocate Devaraj and Krishnamurthy, both witnesses in Basavaiah's murder, were killed.Meanwhile, Shankara had a field day. His extortion racket thrived as real estate developers made a beeline to Nelamangala. \"Most murders and attacks in and around Nelamangala are linked to the rivalry between these cousins. Some were to destroy witnesses, while others were over real estate disputes and political rivalry,\" said a police officer investigating the Krishnappa murder.Though a dossier on anti-social elements in Nelamangala was submitted in late 2009 by a middle-level officer, nothing was done to keep these goons at bay, police sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15287240", "title": "Two of a family killed in Melmuri as truck rams into bike", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Rash driving by a truck on the national highway 213 has snuffed out the lives of two persons and seriously injured another from a family. At 11am on Monday, a truck coming from Kozhikode rammed into a motorbike on which a family of three was riding back home.The deceased has been identified as Muhammed Shareef (30) and his son Muhammed Rasin (3).The condition of Shareef's wife Thesni, who has been admitted to the medical college in Kozhikode, has been reported to be critical. While the kid died on the spot, Shareef succumbed to his injuries at the hospital.The family was on their way back from a private hospital in Malappuram where Rasin had undergone a medical check-up.The accident took place when the truck in its effort to overtake another vehicle hit the motorcycle coming from the opposite side.According to eye-witness accounts, while the truck tried to overtake another vehicle, the bike coming from the opposite direction tried to move off the road to accommodate the truck. \"But the efforts of the bike rider to avoid the accident failed. The truck had met with two other minor accidents on its way from Kozhikode,\" said Majeed, a native of Melmuri.The natives who rushed to the spot carried out the rescue operations and shifted the victims to the hospital. Amidst the commotion, the truck driver fled the scene. Police have booked a case and are searching for the driver.Meanwhile, irate locals set fire to the truck. The incident disrupted the traffic movement through Kozhikode-Palakkad NH as locals prevented the fire and rescue personnel from dousing the fire. The mob also attacked people who tried to take the pictures of the accident on their mobile cameras.Police was rushed to the spot to contain the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287057", "title": "No regard for rules? Board lenient on cheating students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) does not seem to believe in punishing students who have scant regard for its rules. Rather, the board has gone out of its way to protect the interests of students who were caught resorting to the worst means of corrupting the system.In a shocking development, the 35-odd HSC science and general stream students, who had paid Rs 3-5 lakh to get their results changed, were allowed to appear for the supplementary exams conducted by the board in second week of July.As many as 225 students reportedly got their results altered in the cash for marks scam. After the scam was unearthed, the board asked the schools to return these students' mark sheets with altered result and issued the correct results. The original result showed that 35 students had flunked.However, instead of initiating inquiry and booking case of cheating, the board officials allowed these students to fill forms for supplementary exams so that their year was not wasted. If these students clear the exams, they can seek admission in this academic year itself.The education board's decision to show leniency has invited lot of criticism from the academicians. \"Instead of coming down heavily on the students who corrupted the system, the board has allowed them to take the supplementary exams. They should have been handed out exemplary punishment. The board is bending backwards because the parents of these students are influential people,\" said a miffed member of the board.Earlier, the students who had indulged in mass copying at Jamkandorna exam centre were allowed to go scot free. The mass copying scam was unearthed accidentally by teachers assessing answer sheets which led to the results of over 1,000 students being withheld. Later, however, the students were allowed to take the exam again.Board officials took refuge in the fact that they had filed a complaint against the agency responsible for preparing mark sheets and final result. \"Post investigation, students found responsible will be punished,\" said GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15287822", "title": "Farmers seek waiver of loans due to failure of monsoon", "text": "TRICHY: Farmers in the region staged a protest against the state government demanding waiver of loans as the south-west monsoon had failed and as a result of which they were left high and dry. The farmers, numbering about 600 were later taken into custody by the police.The farmers, owing allegiance to the Bharathiya Kisan Sangh Tamil Nadu had planned to literally crawl the distance between Vestry Higher Secondary School and the district collector's office, a distance of less than one km.\"Farmers in this country are leading a pitiable and disgraceful life like slaves and beggars. They are not even able to question the steep hike in the cost of potash, which was increased from Rs 213 for a 50 kg bag to Rs 900 now. The DAP, which was sold for Rs 486 now costs Rs 1,400 and it is likely that it will be hiked to Rs 2000,\" P Ayyakkannu, president of the sangh told the gathering.As the farmers began to crawl, a police team led by assistant commissioner Gandhi took them into custody. Ayyakkannu charged that they were not even allowed to give a petition to the district collector and they were all whisked away to the secluded police community hall of K K Nagar. \"The police underestimated our strength and more than a 1000 people gathered at the originating point of the agitation,\" Ayyakkanu said.District president of BKS, Anbil Anbazhagan and district secretary of BKS, Thanjavur, Palanivelu raised concerns about how both the nationalised and the primary agricultural cooperative banks were torturing them to pay back the loans. They also claimed that the banks had even launched a drive to confiscate the mortgaged agricultural instruments, including tractors despite the fact the farmers were sulking due the withering of kuruvai.The detained farmers were released later in the evening at around 6.30 without any case registered against them.At around 8pm the farmers led by Ayyakkanu gave a memorandum to the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan who promised to forward the petition to the chief minister and also to the Prime Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287320", "title": "BEST bus hits school bus, 15 kids hurt", "text": "Fifteen students, three teachers, the driver and cleaner of a school bus were injured when a speeding BEST bus rammed into their vehicle on Mulund Link Road near Nahur station on Monday. BEST suspended the driver, who has been arrested.At 8.35am, a EuroSchool bus with 28 students (aged 5-10 years) and four teachers on board, reached Harishchandra Dadu Koparkar Marg in Nahur and was heading to the school in Airoli, sector-19 , when the BEST bus rammed into it. The bus, on its way to Marol depot from Vashi depot, had over 80 passengers.The injured were treated at Fortis Hospital. \"The kids were quite shaken. But besides three students and two teachers who are under observation, others were discharged after medical assistance,\" Dr S Narayani of Fortis.Many parents were informed by passersby. Jigna Shah got a call from a stranger on Monday that her five-year-old daughter Rutvi had an accident. \"I informed my husband and in the next few minutes, I got a similar message from the school,\" she said, adding, \"Rutvi missed her bus so I put her on another bus on that route.\" \"A few students and staff sustained injuries in the accident. As part of EuroSchool Safety and Security protocol, all were rushed to the nearby Fortis Hospital at Mulund for immediate medical care. Police are investigating and EuroSchool is providing complete cooperation to resolve the issue at the earliest,\" said principal Natasha Mehta in a statement. \"I was at the hospital and left after I was assured everyone was fine . We are shocked,\" Mehta told TOI.BEST passengers, some of whom were injured, told police that driver Shantaram Nivase (45) tried to overtake an autorickshaw and lost control. \"A speeding Nivase jumped the lane, the bus travelled to the extreme right and rammed into the school bus on the extreme left,\" said Navghar inspector Manisha Ravkhande. He was booked under IPC section 279 (rash driving) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or safety of others).BEST suspended the driver. An official said, \"There will be a probe by BEST, he will get a chance to defend himself.\" If he fails to do so, he can be sacked. \"We won't tolerate drivers flouting traffic rules.\"(With inputs from Somit Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15285998", "title": "Corpn promises to crack down on errant sanitary workers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The stink from the clogged drains and uncollected garbage finally reached the corporation office.City councillors cutting across party lines complained about the sanitary workers attached to the corporation at the council meeting held here on Monday. Mayor S M Velusamy assured them that the sanitary workers including the permanent and temporary ones will be closely monitored and strict disciplinary action will be taken against them if they remain absent from duty without valid reason.However, corporation commissioner T K Ponnusamy and Velusamy made it clear that the present strength of workers and the equipment available with the corporation at each of its 100 wards will have to be utilised judiciously and in an optimum manner since corporation lacked the finances to recruit more men to buy additional equipment.\"Some of the sanitary workers are being used as drivers in the zones which further brings down the staff strength who actually engage in their daily chores in the respective wards,\" said P Raj Kumar , north zone chairman. Majority of the councillors alleged that sanitary workers do not report for duty on time and also that the garbage collection vehicles were making only one trip to their wards.The corporation commissioner assured of strict disciplinary action against the workers who fail to report on time and also stay away from their daily work without any valid reason. \"Each ward councillor should make it a point to ensure that these workers are reporting on time and doing their duty,\" the mayor said.Another civic issue that figured at the council meet was streetlights. Many councillors alleged that the contractors who hold streetlight maintenance contracts in the corporation don't respond on time.The corporation council passed 19 resolutions including the ones for the construction of storm-water drains, lake conservation and other projects that are in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287428", "title": "Shruthi now a fond note in their collective memory", "text": "CHENNAI: Four days after six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan was run over by a school bus at Mudichur after she slipped through a gaping hole on the floor of the bus, Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School reopened on Monday and observed two minutes of silence in her memory.During the assembly, the school management told the students they understood the pain and suffering the family was undergoing and urged the students to be more responsible and on their best behaviour. School correspondent N Vijayan, bus owner Yogeswaran, driver Seeman, a cleaner, Tambaram motor vehicles inspector P Rajasekaran, and Vijayan's relatives Ravi and Paulraj were arrested after the incident. Rajasekaran had given the fitness certificate for the vehicle on July 9, just 15 days before the accident.The accident had led to widespread anger among Mudichur residents and prompted the Madras high court to issue suo motu notices to the transport department.None of the 37 school buses belonging to either the school or outsourced to transport operators had plied as the Regional Transport Office had asked for a review of the fitness certificates of the buses after the tragic incident.A sizeable crowd offering solidarity to the jailed founder-correspondent of Zion Group of Schools N Vijayan had also gathered in front of the school on Monday with placards and shouting slogans demanding that he be set free. The rally led to a traffic jam as protestors refused to move and the police too had a tough time convincing them to leave.A section of parents who gathered for a meeting atop the terrace of a nearby residential apartment complex alleged that the media was biased towards Vijayan and that he was a wonderful man who was caught in this unfortunate incident. They said they would send \"we love you cards\" and \"we are with you cards\" to the jailed founder soon.However, some others were not so sympathetic. A parent, Vinutha Ravikumar, said, \"Whatever the reason, the school authorities should be more careful. It is really surprising that a few of the parents have put behind the tragic incident and are behaving as if nothing has happened. For god's sake, an innocent life has been lost. Only when tragedy strikes one's family, does one understand the pain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285187", "title": "Assembly reprimands Marathi daily editor", "text": "BANGALORE: In a rare instance of Karnataka's legislature history, Kiran Thakur, editor of Belgaum-based Marathi daily 'Tarun Bharat', was on Monday reprimanded before Bar of Karnataka legislative assembly, regarding a breach of privilege of its members.Speaker KG Bopaiah pardoned Thakur after he tendered an unconditional apology to the assembly and also gave a written undertaking that in future he will not repeat such mistakes.Belgaum district BJP MLAs Abhay Patil and SB Ghatage had complained to the Speaker and submitted documents that Thakur's newspaper was using their names and making unwanted remarks against them. Bopaiah had ordered Thakur to appear before the assembly and apologize.Interestingly, complainants Patil and Ghatge did not pursue any action when Speaker decided to pardon him after reprimanding, thanks to the intervention of senior BJP and RSS leaders from Maharashtra.In his statement that he read out in the assembly, Thakur said, he has high respect for the House and its members. The clash between the legislature and freedom of press is unnecessary. \"My newspaper has never published any material to undermine the dignity and supremacy of this House,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286192", "title": "HC hearing in Shukla pleas to continue today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court will continue to hear the writ petitions filed by former principal secretary, medial and health, Pradeep Shukla, on Tuesday as the hearing could not be concluded on Monday.Senior IAS officer Shukla is cooling heels behind the bars in connection with multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) case.Shukla has challenged five FIRs registered against him under the Prevention of Corruption Act in Ghaziabad and Noida. The FIRs were lodged by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against him regarding NRHM scam and other issues.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Pankaj Naqvi on the writ petitions filed by Shukla.The counsel, appearing for the petitioner, contended before the High Court that CBI could not lodge FIRs directly against a senior IAS officer without prior approval from the Central government.It was further pleaded that since in this case the CBI did not obtain approval from the Central government, therefore the investigations by the CBI were illegal.Corporator's plea on caste certificate dismissed: A division bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday dismissed a writ petition filed by a corporator, Vijay Kumar Purswani, who was elected from Lukerganj ward of the city.The petitioner had challenged an order passed by the tehsildar, whereby his caste certificate obtained by him as Scheduled Caste (SC) was cancelled after scrutiny on a complaint.The bench, consisting of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice P K S Baghel, dismissed the writ petition on the instruction given by the state government standing counsel.The counsel submitted in the court that the dispute of caste certificate of the elected corporator has already been referred to the district-level committee by an order dated July 27, 2012, passed by the tehsildar.He submitted that the petitioner was served with this order but he neither annexed for the same nor disclosed this fact before the court. It was informed that under the new government order, a district-level committee has been constituted by the state government to decide the caste", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15288984", "title": "Vivek Oberoi vs Vivek Oberoi on Oct 5?", "text": "Kumar Taurani's project Jayantabhai was slotted for an October 5 release. And now, debutant producer Amit Chandrra too has locked in the same date for his venture Kismat, Luv, Paisa, Dilli. Interestingly, both films star Vivek Oberoi in the lead role.When contacted, Taurani confirmed the story and said, \"Amit has just announced the release date of his film. I am still debating on the final date for my film.\"On the other hand, Chandrra was of the opinion that since he is the first one to have formally announced the release date, Taurani should understand. But according to an insider, Taurani isn't too pleased with Chandrra's decision. \"Kumarji had already promised Jackky Bhagnani that he would not release his film on October 24 and avoid clashing with Ajab Gazabb Love. He had locked October 5 instead,\" added the insider.Also, claimed the insider, that two films of the same actor releasing on the same day may affect businesses of both. \"One will perhaps have to blink. But Amit is adamant on sticking by his date,\" added he.As for Vivek's fans, they may have to choose from the two films. While Mallika co-stars Vivek in KLPD , Neha Sharma plays his love interest in Taurani's venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286396", "title": "HC to hear case on local body tax today", "text": "NASHIK: The hearing in the Bombay High Court (HC) on the state's decision to introduce local body tax (LBT) in Nashik is to be held on Tuesday.The hearing on the petition, filed by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator Gulzar Kokani and Sena corporator and the House opposition leader udhakar Badgujar against the state government's decision to introduce LBT in lieu of octroi, was held on July 13. The court had extended the stay on introduction of LBT to July 31 and scheduled the hearing for that day.The hearing for the petitions filed by both party corporator's will be held jointly as both petitions incorporated the same points of dispute against the introduction of the tax. Kokani's petition was last heard on june 29.\"As per rules, any new tax system must be announced by Feb 20, before the commencement of the new financial year and the municipal commissioner must publicly announce the new tax rates and get it passed at a special general body meeting. But, the state government has not followed any such process,\" Badgujar had said earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286519", "title": "Mega sand ghat scam unearthed, 2 nabbed", "text": "NAGPUR: A mega sand ghat scam has been unearthed in minor minerals and revenue departments and three persons arrested. A clerk of minerals department had prepared bogus receipt books and was selling receipts to sand contractors. Two such books have been seized. The contractors were using these receipts to obtain fake transit passes for their trucks.A source in district collectorate said that while only two receipt books were found in clerk's possession, he is sure to have sold a large number of bogus receipts in the past. Moreover, some other staffers are also involved in the scam. District collector Saurabh Rao told the media on Monday that he had taken several steps to stop evasion of sand royalty. He received a complaint on July 27 that mining staffers were selling bogus receipts for evasion.\"I immediately called superintendent of police (rural) and apprised him of the complaint. He entrusted the job to crime branch. The sleuths caught clerk Kahante, contractor Sachin Biramwar, and a peon Rajesh Gomase in revenue department within two days. Biramwar and Gomase have been arrested,\" he said, adding that he had also asked all the revenue staffers who issue receipts to submit their records.Rao said the district administration had started e-auction to stop illegal mining. \"In spite of e-auction, I received complaints about royalty evasion. This time we will do e-tendering. I had ordered an audit and taken remedial measures. I continued to get complaints, so after the last complaint two days ago, I called up the police,\" he said.\"We have decided to take more steps to stop evasion. As I have additional charge of municipal commissioner, I have decided to install computerized weight bridges at octroi posts. There will be no chance of showing less quantity by either fooling octroi staffers or colluding with them. We will also issue receipts with bar codes so there is no chance of using bogus receipts,\" he said.Turning to sowing, he said that due to good rains in the last few days there were no problems with second sowing so far. \"However, three talukas have received less than 50% rainfall. Overall, the deficit in the district is 21%.\" Rao said the target for disbursing crop loans was July 31. \"They will be completely disbursed by August 5. Bankers had set up camps in major agricultural markets to provide loans,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285289", "title": "Cops crack down on film shoot vandals", "text": "MUMBAI: Cops on Monday came down heavily on the miscreants involved in the film shoot vandalism incident on Sunday, arresting corporator Prakash Darekar, MLA Pravin Darekar's driver and nine others. The accused were booked under dacoity and other serious charges.The Kasturba Marg police produced the accused before a court on Monday and they were remanded in two days' police custody. Cops said custodial interrogation of the accused was needed so that stolen items could be recovered and more than 10 wanted persons in the case could be nabbed. A police official claimed the accused had stolen a purse and a camera from a damaged vehicle. Vandals had damaged actor Ayushman Khurana's BMW and a vanity van belonging to actor John Abraham. The total loss of property in the case is estimated to be around Rs 21.5 lakh.An innocuous argument over the use of a private road at the Garden Foods and Wafers factory in Borivli (E), which had been given out for the shoot of filmmaker Rohan Sippy's as yet-untitled film, led to the incident. Around noon on Sunday, Ravindra More, driver of MNS MLA Pravin Darekar, reportedly tried driving down a private road running through the factory. When he was stopped, More called for reinforcement. Darekar's brother Prakash and more than 20 others vandalized 14 vehicles belonging to the movie unit's members.Cops said that the scuffle was not a political issue. The shoot continued on Monday under police protection. The police department decided to act tough in the incident and additional commissioner of police, Sunil Paraskar, stationed himself at the police station till Sunday night to ensure arrests were made in the case. Recently, CM Prithviraj Chavan, in reply to a question about MNS protests at toll nakas had said that the state would act tough against people who disturb the law-and-order situation in the state.The film industry reacted strongly to the incident. Dinesh Chaturvedi, general secretary, Federation of Western India Cine Employees said, \"We have been shouting ourselves hoarse but producers didn't take the issue of interference of political parties seriously. There are times our workers have been arrested but producers have not helped them. In spite of all this, we will stand by the producers in this fight against dadagiri of political parties.\"Ramesh Sippy, producer of the film and president of the Film and Television Producers' Guild in a letter to the CM highlighted the growing concerns of the film industry. He said, \"The entire film industry is stunned and outraged by continuous acts of vandalism by certain politically-backed organizations in the city. The film industry has been voicing its concerns that such organizations are trying to use self-styled tactics to exert pressure on producers by interfering with shoots in and around Mumbai. This has become routine.\"Rohan Sippy said, \"There is no way one could drive those (damaged) cars. Iron rods had pierced the bonnet of Ayushman's car.\" Rohan continued the shoot on Monday, saying \"Life goes on. We just hope that we can claim insurance for the property that has been destroyed in the case. We all hope to get justice in this case.\"Strongly condemning the Borivli incident, MNS chief Raj Thackeray said, \"The party has nothing to do with the incident and such hooliganism will not be tolerated in the party. MNS workers will not disrupt Mumbai's peace in such a manner.\" Thackeray sent his party MLA Pravin Darekar to producer Ramesh Shippy to tender an apology for the incident.(With inputs from Ambarish Mishra)Times ViewGo against the vandalsThe prompt action taken by police in this case should serve as a warning to politicians looking to employ strong-arm tactics. The initial action should now be followed up with a water-tight case so that those behind Sunday's violence get their due. Senior politicians need to impress upon their ward- and locality-level leaders that this sort of incident does nothing to improve a party's image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286687", "title": "Pinki Pramanik meets Madan Mitra, academy on wishlist", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Asian Games gold medalist Pinki Pramanik met sports minister Madan Mitra at Writers' Buildings on Monday. Accompanied by father Durga Charan Pramanik, Pinki appealed to the minister to set up an academy for the athletes where she can serve as a trainer. She also urged Mitra to ensure a speedy trial of her case.The 27-year-old middle distance runner seemed relieved after the meeting that lasted for a few minutes. Pinki is hopeful of the state coming forward to help her in being rehabilitated. \"The sports minister gave me a patient hearing and was kind enough to listen to my trauma and plight. I am hopeful of the state government helping me out,\" Pinki told TOI.Pinki was arrested on June 14 after her live-in partner accused her of being a man and slapped charges of rape against her. Traumatized by the humiliating treatment meted out to her during her 25-day stint in jail, Pinki now wants the case to reach a conclusion at the earliest.\"As far as the case is concerned, Sir (Madan Mitra) told me that it was for the court to do its job. But regarding the academy, he assured me that he will think over the proposal. The assurance definitely gives me a sense of relief,\" Pinki added.Pink was employed as a head ticket checker by the railways before she lost her job owing to the ongoing controversy. The athlete feels that staying close to athletics will help her overcome the trauma in a great way.\"I want speedy trial of my case so that I can live in peace. But I want to spend my time honing the skills of young athletes. This way, I will stay in touch with the games that is not only close to my heart but also gave me an opportunity to bring laurels to the country,\" said Pinki.Pinki also expressed shock over the plight of another Indian athlete Santhi Soundararajan who was stripped of her medals after failing a gender test. Driven to poverty, Santhi was forced to work as a labourer at a brick kiln.\"I am sad to hear about Santhi's plight. But after meeting the sports minister, I am confident that the state will not let anything of that kind happen to me. The minister also asked me if the land allotted to me by the previous government had been grabbed by some people,\" said Pinki.Mitra on the other hand said that the state government did not have a vindictive attitude and it had no intentions to intervene in the case. He admitted that setting up the academy was a long-drawn process. \"I find it difficult even to allot a piece of land to KMDA for setting up a water project. There is a lot of paraphernalia involved. However, I told Pinki that brokers should not threaten players and not try to forcibly grab their land,\" the minister said. Pinki was reportedly threatened to sell off a plot off EM Bypass that was allotted to her by the Left Front government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15289319", "title": "Team Anna apologises for scuffle between its supporters and mediapersons", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anna Hazare's indefinite fast entered the third day on Tuesday with the activist regretting the attack on media by his supporters and warned that he will call off his fast if they again indulge in violence.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal , who is also fasting, apologised for the misbehaviour with media but sought to blame media house owners, saying they have to decide whether they are with the country or with corrupt people.Before Hazare and his close aides took the dais, some supporters shouted slogans against the media.A scuffle broke out between Team Anna supporters and mediapersons last night at Jantar Mantar, where Hazare is on an indefinite fast. Team Anna member Shanti Bhushan's allegation that media was not projecting the protest in right light allegedly led to the brawl.The Broadcast Editors' Association (BEA) had condemned the incident and demanded an apology from Team Anna.Regretting the attack on media, Hazare told his supporters this morning that he \"felt sad\" after hearing about the attack on media accusing them of not giving proper coverage to the indefinite fast on corruption issues.\"If you indulge in violence, remember that the government can crush us in two days. They have the strength and laws to do that. In future, if these things happen again, at that moment I will call off this agitation. I don't approve of this. Let media do their work. Don't bother about what they do,\" he said.He said if the media coverage is not the right way, they should not blame media but should introspect and see if there is any problem with the activists that such reports are coming. \"It's wrong to blame media. I regret that some people have misbehaved with the media,\" he said.Apologising to the media, Kejriwal said the protest should continue with calmness and non-violence. \"We cannot tolerate such behaviour,\" he said.However, he said media house owners need to make their own choices whether they want to support government in their wrong deeds or want to join the mission of service of nations.Another Team Anna member Manish Sisodia said they were ashamed of what happened yesterday. \"Our fight is not with the media,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285924", "title": "No watchdog to check graft in DGCA", "text": "MUMBAI: Every central government agency has an exclusive chief vigilance officer (CVO), whose sole job is to check corruption in the organization. However, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), which is in the news for all the wrong reasons, is an exception. The ministry of civil aviation has not felt the need to create such a post and monitor DGCA officials despite the civil aviation regulator being plagued by a host of scams including fake pilot licences and officials breaking the law to favour their spouses and children.What is worse, CVO of Pawan Hans Samir Sahai, who was given additional charge of vigilance inquiries in the DGCA in May 2011 following the fake pilots scam, was shunted out this year after he exposed a number of corrupt officials in the organization.The post of the CVO in a government organization is a permanent one and is created by the department of personnel and training (DoPT). Every other central government agency, such as the Gas Authority of India, Central Warehousing Corporation, Pawan Hans and Air India, has an official appointed only to handle vigilance duties. For the DGCA, the aviation ministry has clubbed the important vigilance function with finance and administrative duties and placed the responsibility under the jurisdiction of one of DGCA's joint directors-general. The post is currently vacant as of the three DGCA joint DGs, one is under suspension and the others have inquiries pending against them.\"The practice of having a joint DG to head the DGCA vigilance cell was introduced in May, after the aviation ministry shunted out the man (read Sahai) who initiated vigilance inquiries against a number of DGCA officials and exposed their fraudulent activities,\" said a ministry official.When the fake pilot licence scam broke out last year, the aviation ministry in consultation with the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) called in Sahai. Within months of taking over, Sahai exposed a number of DGCA officials after he initiated inquiries as reported in TOI on Monday. Several DGCA officials are under investigation, including the eight TOI wrote about. \"The aviation ministry responded by removing Sahai from DGCA in May this year. That was the end of non-biased vigilance inquiries in the DGCA,\" said an official.What is significant is that last year, while approving Sahai's additional charge to carry out vigilance inquiries in the DGCA, the CVC had asked the aviation ministry to place a proposal before the DoPT to create the post of CVO in the DGCA. Last year, the director-general of civil aviation too had informed the aviation ministry about the need for a CVO in the DGCA. The ministry is yet to act on that CVC directive. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh was not reachable for comment despite several attempts.\"There is a skeleton inside every cupboard in the DGCA,\" said a senior bureaucrat. \"And it is surprising that the aviation ministry does not feel the need to create the post of the CVO in such an organization,\" he added. The DGCA carries out a number of regulatory job functions such as conducting pilot licence exams, issuing licences to pilots, aircraft maintenance engineers, issuing licences to start airlines, carrying out checks on airlines to ensure compliance of air safety norms, investigating air crashes and acting against erring airline officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285200", "title": "Beed feticide doctors may face Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act", "text": "MUMBAI: Beed civil surgeon Gauri Rathod has suggested that all doctors involved in sex determination or illegal abortions should be booked under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA).Rathod's suggestion has sent the medical fraternity in a tizzy. Over 1,000 private doctors in Beed went on a three-day strike to protest against the implementation of the suggestion.Rathod had written to Beed collector Sunil Kendrekar last week suggesting that doctors found conducting sex-determination tests or illegal abortions should be booked under MCOCA. Rathod later clarified that her suggestion was mainly for doctors like Sudam Munde, accused of running an illegal abortion and female foeticide racket in Beed, and Shivaji Sanap, accused of carrying out illegal abortions, and not for all doctors found wanting in following the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.The president of Indian Medical Association of Beed, Dr KB Paithankar, said, \"It is almost like treating doctors as criminals. There is already fear in the minds of doctors and many have stopped doing routine deliveries or emergency cases fearing harassment. Under the PCPNDT Act, 90% of doctors were charged for clerical errors.\" Paithankar said the medical community will help the authorities in every way possible to nab the guilty doctors. \"The authorities just have to act proactively,\" he said.Dr Balasaheb Deokar, secretary of Ahmednagar Obstetrics and Gynecology Society, said, \"In the past few weeks, doctors alerted officials about 5-6 suspicious instances, but the response was not as expected. The delay means lesser opportunities to catch doctors red-handed.\"Kendrekar said nothing will happen in a huff. \"I have forwarded the matter to Beed police superintendent. He will consult government pleaders. The issue is that only certain provisions of MCOCA can be invoked against erring doctors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284769", "title": "Mumbai woman is India\u2019s 1st to get lung transplant", "text": "MUMBAI: It was the best gift that 41-year-old homemaker Jayshree Mehta could have wished for her birthday. She got a fresh breath of life when the family of a senior citizen who was declared brain-dead the same day agreed to donate his lungs.The surgery that began at 7.30pm on July 11\u2014retrieving the donor's lungs and transplanting them\u2014at Hinduja Hospital lasted 12 hours.\"It was a divine coincidence,\" said surgeon Jnanesh Thacker, who operated on Jayshree, who was suffering from pulmonary fibrosis, in which lung tissue gets scarred, a condition in which breathing becomes difficult. \"She is not only the first patient in the city to undergo a single lung transplant but also the first Indian to do so in India,\" he said.Between 1999 and 2011, five foreigners have undergone lung transplants in various hospitals in south India, the last one being an Iraqi man at Chennai's Global Hospital in December 2011, he said.Lung-failure patients like Jayshree have been suffering for long. In May 2012, a 17-year-old patient of Hinduja Hospital's chest specialist Dr Zarir Udwadia, who has been treating Jayshree for eight years, died waiting desperately for a donor. \"We tried every medication and every device to help Jayshree but her condition kept deteriorating,\" Udwadia said.Till two years ago, Jayshree led a normal life, attending to her son's needs and even going to the market place. \"But before the surgery, she was confined to home as she would get extremely breathless,\" her husband Parag Mehta, a businessman, said. It was only when Dr Thacker, who has performed over 100 lung transplants in the US, returned to India and joined Hinduja Hospital that people like Jayshree got hope. A week prior to July 11, Jayshree and Parag got a call from Dr Thacker about a potential donor. But when the couple came down from their Vile Parle residence to the Mahim hospital, the donor family had changed their mind.\"My wife was, however, insistent that she would not leave without undergoing the transplant. Seeing her emotional state, the doctor set a deadline of July 11 for the transplant,\" said Parag.As luck would have it, at around 4pm on July 11, the Mehtas got a call. After conducting a match, Jayshree as per her wish was wheeled in for surgery on her birthday. On Monday evening, 18 days after her surgery, Jayshree was shifted from the ICU to her room and will have to stay in the hospital for another 10 days. \"She will need to undergo physiotherapy,\" Dr Thacker said.Though the surgery is a landmark achievement and shows the city's developing medical prowess, experts said there is still a long way to go. There is an acute lack of cadaveric (deceased) donors in the country that make lung transplants a difficult proposition. Besides, the costs are steep: Jayshree's surgery alone cost Rs 10 lakh and the ICU and medications will work up to an equal amount. Hinduja Hospital medical director Dr Gustav Daver, who was part of the transplant team, said costs would come down drastically once the surgery becomes common. \"The demand for lung transplants will only increase because of the increasing incidence of lung diseases,\" he said.Dr K M Cherian, who performed the country's first lung transplant in 1999 at Madras Medical Mission, said he had performed eight transplants including three heart-and-lung transplants. \"It is difficult to get a donor. If you get a donor, you have to first match blood and then the size of the lung. There are requirements, like the donor should not have been on ventilator for more than 24 hours. The donor should be young and a non-smoker.\" He said long-term success was still difficult though in the US, doctors report 5-year survival in half of the transplant patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287766", "title": "Government warns officials against laxity", "text": "PATNA: Rural development department (RDD) minister Nitish Mishra said on Monday that action would be taken against officials of Samastipur and other districts for their laxity in the distribution of passbooks among the beneficiaries of Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) under a special campaign launched for the purpose.According to him, barring Araria, all other 37 districts had sent the related data to the state RDD headquarters, which showed that the performance in Samastipur and other districts was not up to the mark. The districts excelling with their notable percentage performance in the distribution of passbooks included Sheikhpura (100%), Nawada (99%) and Gaya (99%).The target for the sanction of houses under IAY for 37 districts (barring Araria) was 7.86 lakh units, against which 5.62 lakh units had been sanctioned, while advice sent to various banks for the release of money numbered 4.96 lakh. On July 28, 4.66 lakh passbooks had been distributed among the IAY beneficiaries, and Rs 13.98 crore was distributed among the beneficiaries in one day through their passbooks, Mishra said, adding the overall percentage performance of the state in this regard was 59.23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289716", "title": "Danny C presents Laung Gawacha of today's generation", "text": "Combining traditional and modern sounds together, the young and talented Danny C produces his new and anticipated single 'Laung Gawacha'. Which is definitely going to be the next wedding and club hit of the year!Danny C has been working away constantly in the famous Soundpipe studios producing unique sounds, beats and melodies. 'Laung Gawacha' is a modernised version of the classic which has been described as \"The laung gawacha of todays generation!\"Danny C is an experienced artist with natural talent and a strong passion for music who aims to deliver his own unique style for each and every audience to enjoy!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15287586", "title": "Techies log in from the protest venue", "text": "BANGALORE: Inspired by Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement, four techies decided to shift their workstation to Freedom Park on Monday. In a show of solidarity with the movement, they decided to work from the protest venue. \"I didn't feel good after reading newspaper reports that Anna Hazare has lost popular support, resulting in a low turnout at protest venues. So, I got permission from my boss to work amid protesters for a week,\" said 26-year-old techie Ashok Kumar Koji. Power connections have been arranged for at Freedom Park so that protesters can plug in their laptops. At present , 20 power connection points have been installed and organizers are willing to arrange for more if required. \"I was motivated by Arvind Kejriwal's appeal to people to give a week for the movement. Since I couldn't do so from office, I decided to work from Freedom Park,\" said Anand Yadwat, an employee of Map Unity. Meanwhile, 94-year-old freedom fighter HS Doreswamy, who is spearheading the movement in Bangalore along with former Lokayukta, Justice Santosh N Hegde, said that Anna is not fasting to make headlines , but to appeal to the consciousness of the government and persuade them to pass the Jan Lokpal Bill immediately. \"Fasting is a tool that can be used effectively to place a grave problem before the people in power, who would otherwise chose to ignore it,\" said the nonagenarian. \"The next stage of the satyagraha, in my view, will be to protest in front of the houses of corrupt ministers till the CM sets up an enquiry committee to delve into the matter. This is already happening in New Delhi and Tamil Nadu,\" added Doreswamy. He also slammed UPA II for delaying the passage of the bill. \"The ruling government wants to score political points by passing the bill before the 2014 general election. But we will not let that happen as we will press the government to pass the bill immediately,\" he said. The sixth day of the protests saw 12 people fast at the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287768", "title": "Aryabhatt Knowledge University beset by skeleton staff", "text": "PATNA: Sounds incredible, yet Aryabhatt Knowledge University (AKU), the only technical university of the state, has been managing its affairs with the help of only three regularly appointed officials, namely the vice-chancellor, registrar and the finance officer. The university has a strength of over 10,000 medical and engineering students.AKU vice-chancellor S N Guha said about 13 officials and staff have been appointed on an ad hoc basis for carrying out essential works of the university. With the help of this skeleton staff, the university has conducted engineering and medical examinations successfully and published results in a record time.The university recently decided to introduce PhD and M Tech programmes for the benefit of technical students. Several new courses, including nano science, have also been planned.AKU will be shifting its existing, makeshift office from A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies to Chanakya National Law University (CNLU) campus in the first week of August. The process of shifting has already been started. A new building of the university is to be constructed in the vicinity of CNLU, said the VC.AKU has, under its jurisdiction, 13 government medical and engineering colleges, 11 private engineering colleges, one nursing institute and radiotherapy department of Mahavir Cancer Sansthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289062", "title": "Allu Arjun\u2019s Iddarammaayilatho from Sep", "text": "Stylish star Allu Arjun's new movie under the direction of Puri Jagananth has been titled \"Iddarammaayilatho\", says the buzz. Puri, who is currently wrapping up Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu, will start the new venture from September.Sources say that the film would be formally launched on September 20 in Hyderabad while the regular shooting commences from October. Puri has titled the film \"Iddarammaayilatho\" but the officially confirmation is awaited on this.Not many heroes would like to have a heroine-centric title to their films, except Venkatesh and it looks like Bunny is following the latter's footsteps. Shruti Haasan and Taapsee are being considered for two roles, as the title suggests. Chakri is composing the music for this film, to be produced by Bandla Ganesh.Allu Arjun and Puri Jagannadh combo earlier delivered a super hit film \"Desamuduru\" (2007).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15287893", "title": "Power trips, Mohali hospital comes to grinding halt", "text": "MOHALI: Ashok Kumar , a resident of Balongi, had brought his wife to Civil Hospital, Mohali on Monday morning, little realizing that the hospital would have no back up for the power breakdown.\"I got the shock of my life when I noticed that there was no power supply in the hospital emergency ward and the nurse started preparing for delivery in the ambulance itself, but this too looked difficult with no proper facilities. Finally, I decided to take my wife to the Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, Chandigarh, where doctors said it would have been difficult to save the baby had we got a bit late,\" he said.Patients admitted in the hospital too felt suffocated without fans and lights. The Civil Hospital, Mohali, remained non-functional due to lack of fuel in the generator, at the time when entire North India was suffering with power failure, which led to inconvenience to a large number of patients.After waiting for long hours, a large number of patients came out in the parking area of the hospital to get some relief when they found that the hospital authorities were reluctant to help them out.Kulwinder Singh of Raipur , said, \"My kid had been operated upon and was not able to bear the heat and the hospital had made no arrangements for such an emergency situation.\" \"My husband had severe pain in his leg, but the staff on duty could not do anything as there was no electricity. They couldn't even find medicines\" said Parminder Kaur, a resident of Phase 1 Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15287367", "title": "School bus accident: Traffic police had dubbed spot risky", "text": "MUMBAI: The junction near Nahur station where the school bus-BEST bus collision took place on Monday was seen as \"a danger spot\" by the traffic police for a while now.Traffic cops have been issuing warnings to motorists to slow down while approaching the junction of Mulund Link Road with Harishchandra Dadu Koparkar Marg, which goes towards Nahur East. \"As you cross the junction , you get on to the narrow bridge connecting Mulund East to West. There is no divider on this bridge and heavy traffic, including container trucks, tempos, buses and SUVs, plies on both directions almost through the day. So you really need to drive slowly and maintain your lane if you want to avert a head-on collision,\" said a constable deployed near the bridge after the accident.In case of the ill-fated BEST bus, preliminary investigations by the police showed that it went past an autorickshaw from the right side and hit the school bus coming from the opposite direction.\"We have put up signs asking motorists to slow down to 40kmph while approaching the bridge. They need to follow lane discipline and refrain from overtaking other vehicles. Else, such accidents can recur,\" the constable said.Sources said that BEST buses are known to overtake smaller vehicles regularly. Ram Shah, a motorist, said, \"Some of the bus drivers are rash and lose patience following a small car, looking for an opportunity to overtake.\" A local social worker said, \"Traffic police have imposed speed restrictions near the Nahur station bridge. However , they let BEST drivers go scot-free . Several autos take a U-turn here. There is an auto stand on one side of the narrow road and they create traffic snarls.\"Accidents have also been witnessed on the other side (Mulund end) of the bridge.Motorists have been demanding that the bridge be widened to four lanes. Kartik Narayan, another motorist , said, \"Commuting from Mulund East to West on the Link Road is an unpleasant experience. As you near the Nahur bridge, the road narrows and there are potholes;it is a nightmarish experience during rains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285130", "title": "\u2018Cops illegally detained, killed alleged LeT man\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), probing the 2003 Sadiq Jamal encounter case in Gujarat, has come to know during investigations that Jamal was never in the official custody of Gujarat or Maharashtra police and that both the state police departments allegedly kept him under illegal detention for almost one-and-a-half month.A top CBI officer said, \"During investigations, we came to know that Jamal was in illegal custody of both the state police departments for many days before he was killed.\"Jamal was killed in Naroda area of Ahmedabad on January 13, 2003, after police claimed he was a Lashkar operative who was on a mission to kill chief minister Narendra Modi . CBI sources said they have examined close to 100 witnesses in the case and prima facie it looks like Sadiq Jamal was illegally detained and then killed.Meanwhile, the CBI investigation has also thrown up the name of a Gujarat police inspector who allegedly played a vital role in the alleged encounter of Jamal.CBI investigations have already revealed that the weapons used by the Gujarat cops to kill Jamal were the same they used in the encounter of Ishrat Jahan in 2004. Sixteen Gujarat cops have been accused of killing Jamal, including Gujarat \"encounter specialist\" D G Vanzara, who is currently in jail for his role in the Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram fake encounter case.Jamal was a domestic help for a businessman in Dubai. Originally from Bhavnagar, he had a police case pending against him and wanted a way out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15289663", "title": "Cellphones ring alarm bells in Vadodara Central Jail", "text": "VADODARA: Time and again officials of Vadodara central jail as well as special checking squads from the state prison department have found cellular phones from the prison here. But strange as it might seem, their number only seems to be increasing.Data available regarding the seizures of cellular phones from the central jail here indicate that as many as 34 cellular phones were found in the jail premises last year. And this year till June 30, the number has already reached 40.What is more significant is the fact that despite frisking inmates and even checking their tiffins, the phones keep reaching the inmates and once they are recovered FIRs are lodged with Raopura police station. Jail officials said they have increased vigil and hence it has led to seizures.Jail superintendent R F Sangada said, \"We have started frisking the inmates at three points - when they enter from the main gate, in the frisking room and at the entrance of their barracks. We are taking all precautions to ensure that they do not sneak the cellular phones inside the cell.\"Curiously, the standard reply that most prisoners give to police during interrogation after being nabbed with a cellular phone is that they got it during a visit to the SSG Hospital. Said Raopura police inspector H M Alsika, \"This is a standard reply we get from the prisoners. They say that their relatives or someone whom they knew gave them the phone at the hospital.\"But sources indicate otherwise. According to a source, the phones are put in tiffins or are even carried inside their underwear by the inmates. This, they said, is not possible if the tiffins are checked thoroughly implying that either those doing the job were negligent or involved in the process. \"The inmates also get tobacco products and other things in a similar manner,\" said a source.Sangada said the larger seizures were in the wake of better vigil. \"We have appointed a four-member special checking squad to take care of the problem,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15284621", "title": "Senior govt doctors caught taking bribe for delivery", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Monday arrested head of the gynaecology department, at Mahatma Gandhi Government Hospital, Bhilwara, for taking a bribe of Rs 800 for caesarean delivery.Dr Manju Khanna (55) had initially demanded Rs 1,500 for the delivery. The patient delivered a baby girl on July 27 through caesarean and later the doctor started demanding bribe.\"On the basis of a complaint, our team laid a trap in which the complainant was given marked currency notes of Rs 800 to be given as bribe to the doctor. On Monday evening the doctor was caught red-handed for accepting a bribe of Rs 800 at her residence in Bhilwara,\" Umesh Mishra, inspector general of police, ACB, told TOI.This incident also exposed the alleged extortion of pregnant woman at government-run hospitals even though they are entitled to get Rs 1,400 under the Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY) for institutional deliveries. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15286169", "title": "Reacting to car crash, cops start putting traffic in order", "text": "NOIDA: A day after the death of pregnant banker Anupriya Nagarajan in a car crash, Noida traffic police have intensified their movement against poor road engineering in the city. Cops have drawn out plans to streamline traffic at various crossings. An anti-encroachment drive against vehicles parked at Metro stations has also been launched.Police have conducted a survey to identify gridlock points to minimize chaos. Out of 92 crossroads, more than two dozen report frequent accidents. Also, Atta Chowk, Sector 14A, Sector 6, Sector 12-22, Sector 37, IOC, Sector 62 and Morna become choked during peak hours. The worst congestion spots were Agrasen Marg on Master Plan Road-II, the road from the T-point at Film City to the expressway, Kalindi Kunj Road and the road leading to NH-24 via Sector 63.\"We need to streamline road dividers, defunct traffic lights, cat's-eye and blinker indicators. Many roads also require foot over-bridges,\" said Raju Babu Singh, SP (Traffic).For starters, traffic police have begun work at the City Center crossing. Police cracked down on rickshaws, tempos, autos and private vehicles who park at City Center Metro station and also removed all vendors and beggars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15286284", "title": "New born's death: Callous tag on hospital staff", "text": "JALANDHAR: The five-member panel, constituted by principal secretary health Vinny Mahajan on CM's orders, probing the death of a newborn girl in a Bathinda hospital has held the hospital staff guilty of callousness. The committee submitted its report to the Punjab government on Monday.Earlier, a preliminary inquiry conducted by Jalandhar administration had also slammed the hospital staff for its negligence in treating the baby.Sources revealed that apart from callousness, the five-member panel's report has also indicted the hospital staff for wrongly exerting pressure on the infant's parents to deposit Rs 200 for using phototherapy unit.The panel had on its board civil surgeon Dr R L Bassan, gynaecologist Dr Sangeeta Kapoor and paediatrician Dr Jaswinder Kaur apart from Jalandhar ADC Parneet Bharadwaj (who headed the inquiry) and Nakodar SDM Dr Sumit.An earlier preliminary report submitted by a two-member panel ADC Parneet Bharadwaj and Nakodar SDM Dr Sumit on Sunday had rapped the hospital staff for criminal negligence.Sources said in the report filed by the five-member panel submitted on Monday, two doctors - Sangeeta Kapoora and Jaswinder Kaur- have recorded their dissent on the issue of criminal negligence. The duo has held that there was no criminal negligence on the part of the staff in treating the infant.Director, family welfare Punjab, Dr Karanjit Singh, who personally received the report here on Monday, said that he would submit it to the principal secretary who would then send it to the health minister. Subsequently, the report would go to the CM, who had personally ordered for a speedy inquiry. Interestingly, health minister Madan Mohan Mittal had first given 15 days' time for completing the probe but then the CM intervened and asked that it should be over in three days.Both reports have ruled out the possibility that the infant could have died after being kept out of phototherapy unit as alleged by infant's parents - Sanjiv Kumar and Anita. The couple had alleged that as they could not deposit Rs 200, the staff did not allow the infant in phototherapy unit.The five-member panel report has expressed doubt that the reason of infant's death was asphyxia - even as hospital records mentioned it so. Infant's mother had claimed that there was several hours' gap in her feeding the baby and the latter's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15287609", "title": "Job stress to blame for early aging", "text": "LONDON: A stressful job could make you old and sick before time, as a new study suggests that people with high stress work tend to have shorter telomeres, which has been associated with several diseases.Telomeres, located at the ends of chromosomes, serve as a type of protective cap to the ropy strands and their shortening has been linked to Parkinson's disease, type 2 diabetes , cardiovascular disease and cancer. The research led by Kirsi Ahola of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health measured the length of DNA sections called telomeres and how the lengths varied in association with job stress.The study found that people suffering from the most job stress tended to have shorter telomeres. Telomeres assure that the genetic instructions carried by genes on the chromosomes are accurately translated so cells get the right messages. They shorten with age, oxidation and chemical insults.Often, when telomeres reach a critically short length, the cell dies in a process called apoptosis, according to NBC News.Some cells do not die, but rather become what scientists call 'senescent' \u2014 they start making genetic errors and causing damage. Ahola and her team analyzed blood cells called leukocytes, which are critical to immune function, in 2,911 people between ages 30 and 64. They found that workers who experienced severe exhaustion from job stress had significantly shorter leukocyte telomeres than their relatively stress-free counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284867", "title": "Mumbai boy bags gold in International Chemistry Olympiad", "text": "MUMBAI: Manav Avlani, a Dadar resident, bagged a gold medal in the International Chemistry Olympiad this year. This was one of the three gold medals and one silver that participants at the Chemistry Olympiad won. The feat was least expected by the organizers at the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education as students usually excel at the Physics Olympiad.Around 283 students from 72 countries took part in the event at Washington. From India, four students participated-Manav Avlani (Mumbai), Shubham Chandak (Bhopal) and Diptarka Hait (Kolkata)\u2014bagged gold medals, while Nimit Kumar Singh from Jaipur got a silver.\"For two years in a row, we have been getting three gold medals in the Physics Olympiad. But this year, we got only one in Physics. We got three in Chemistry instead. From the coming year, we will put in more effort to ensure that all the 13 candidates participating in the Physics, Chemistry and Biology Olympiads get a gold medal. This year's performance in Chemistry has given us a fillip to ensure better performance next year,\" said Vijay Singh, national co-ordinator, Science Olympiads. This year, of the 13 who participated in the ISO, four got gold, eight bagged silver and one from the Physics team got a bronze medal. The winners will reach Mumbai on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287429", "title": "Employers want action against trade union", "text": "CHENNAI: The Employers' Federation of Southern India (EFSI), a representative body of employers, has urged Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa to act against the New Democratic Labour Front (NDLF), a self-styled trade union with violent leanings. The EFSI has accused the NDLF of unleashing violence and causing unrest in the state's industrial belts.In a letter to Jayalalithaa, the EFSI has also urged the government to set up a special police force for industrial security. The EFSI letter said: \"Some members of the federation have been facing continued violent activities and consequent unrest created by vested interest groups in Sriperumpudur, Maraimalainagar, Hosur and other areas.\"\"The EFSI has been receiving continuous inputs from various members regarding the activities of a particular militant trade union, which seems to be interested more in propagating their political ideology and destabilization of the state institutions,\" the letter added.EFSI also sought action against what it claimed were various arms of NDLF, including Makkal Kalai Ilakiya Sangam, Revolutionary Students Youth Front, Vivasaigal Viduthalai Munnani and Pengal Viduthalai Munnai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286360", "title": "NCP holds interviews for Nashik Municipal Corporation education panel", "text": "NASHIK: Fifty one aspiring NCP candidates have appeared for an interview for candidature to the education committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).Names of two candidates will be shortlisted and announced on Tuesday.\"NCP office bearers and youth volunteers appeared for the interview. The list of the interviewees has been sent to senior party leaders out of which two names will be shortlisted and announced on Tuesday,\" informed city chief Sharad Koshire.Former office bearers Bhagwan Bidwe, Madhukar Maule, former corporators Pratibha Pawar, Manohar Borade, divisional chief Manohar Karde, Sanjay Khairnar, chief party workers Mukhtar Shaikh, Balasaheb Sonawane, Satish Amle, Radhakrishna Naikavde, Shridhar Dighole, Sanjay Porje, Vandana Chalisgaonkar, Dipti Hirve, Shashikant Hirve were among candidates interviewed .The nomination papers will be scrutinised on August 8 and withdrawals will also be held on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285702", "title": "CM suspends divisional forest officer of Etawah", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhikesh Yadav has ordered immediate suspension of the DFO Etawah Sudarshan Singh and has ordered a departmental inquiry against him. Giving this information, a state government spokesperson said that an explanation has also been sought from chief conservator of forests Manoj Kumar Sinha in this regard and to ensure further action against him.It may be noted here that the state government had received serious complaints against Sudarshan Singh. A probe was conducted by the chief conservator of forests (Kanpur division) and it was clear in the inquiry that Sudarshan Singh was responsible for serious financial and administrative irregularities.He purchased many articles without approval from the competent authorities. Other than this, he also did not take financial sanction for expenses incurred on upkeep and maintenance of divisional and departmental residences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15287592", "title": "Name-calling, bullying of kids as bad as a kick", "text": "LONDON: Bullying and calling names can be as damaging to a young child's physical, mental and emotional health as a slap, punch or kick, a new study has found.The study looked at the effects of verbal abuse and found it can be just as harmful to a child's development as a physical attack.According to an American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) report on psychological maltreatment in journal 'Pediatrics', psychological abuse may be the most challenging and prevalent form of child abuse and neglect.\"Yelling at a child every day and giving the message that the child is a terrible person, and that the parent regrets bringing the child into this world, is an example of a potentially very harmful interaction,\" said Dr Harriet MacMillan, McMaster University's Michael G De-Groote School of Medicine and the Offord Centre for Child Studies.\"We are talking about extremes and the likelihood of harm, or risk of harm, resulting from the kinds of behaviour that make a child feel worthless, unloved or unwanted,\"MacMillan said.Psychological abuse was described in the scientific literature more than 25 years ago, but it has been underrecognized and under-reported , MacMillan said, adding that its effects \"can be as harmful as other types of maltreatment\".The report says that because psychological maltreatment interferes with a child's development path, the abuse has been linked with disorders of attachment , developmental and educational problems, socialisation problems and disruptive behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286539", "title": "Three decades on, Rafi magic lives", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Woh Jab Yaad Aaye Bahut Yaad Aaye...'. is the refrain of all fans of legendary playback singer Mohd Rafi, whose death anniversary is being observed in the city on Tuesday with a slew of programmes dedicated to him.Even 32 years after his demise, songs rendered in his silky voice continue to haunt listeners. Radio jockey Rajan, who presents Purani Jeans on Radio Mirchi, says that the voice texture and content of his songs were such that listeners of all ages connect with him. \"His voice would suit vibrant and vigorous Shammi Kapoor and would just as easily be good for soft and romantic songs picturized on Dev Anand ,\" adds Rajan.It is this quality of Rafi numbers that brings in the audiences at events based on his songs. Vivek Deshpande, a member of Kalasangam Pratishthan that presents a musical event on July 31 every year, says, \"Our programmes are sold out within hours. The city has innumerable Rafi fans who keep returning to hear more of this legendary singer.\" Deshpande adds, \"He was the golden signature of the romantic era of music. Today when melody has become the biggest casualty, his numbers strike a chord.\"That's the reason why those who have been listening to Rafi since their youth remain dedicated to the singer even today. Retired teacher Dilip Indurkar, who holds on to a vast collection of Rafi numbers, says it is the mythological songs of the singer that he finds the best. \"We have to remember he was a Muslim. But his devotional songs sung in Hindi and Marathi show his large-heartedness. Songs like Paon Padoon Tore Shyam have been rendered with such purity.\"Aniruddha Deshpande, another Rafi fan, says, \"He could bring out the sentiments in a song. Chhalke Teri Aankhon Se is an example of his fine expression.\"One of the best known fans of Mohd Rafi in the city is singer M A Kadar. He has held musical shows in the memory Rafi in Mumbai, Nepal and even African countries. \"I have had the chance to present his private geets, ghazals and bhajans on Doordarshan,\" says Kadar. Another privilege that he recalls is having sung Rafi songs at a programme where Rafi took the stage later on. \"In 1971, at a show organized by state government, Rafi performed along with Manna Dey and Suman Kalyanpur. I sang for half and hour ahead of these singers,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286425", "title": "Plans to develop state-of-the art milk processing plant in east Sinnar tehsil", "text": "NASHIK: Attempting to strengthen the livelihood of the Vanjari-community dominating the east Sinnar tehsil, the Sinnar Taluka Vibhagiya Sahakari Dudh Utpadak Va Prakriya Sangh (Sinnar cooperative milk producing and processing society) is planning to develop a state-of-the-art milk processing centre with the Centre's assistance.The Sangh which currently collects nearly 30,000 litres of milk generated in the Sinnar (E) areas accounts for more than 50% of the tehsil's total production. It is therefore planning to set-up a chilling and processing plant estimated at Rs 13 crore using Rs 4.2 crores as aid under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY), Popat Kokate, the Sangh's director said.Before the drought-like situation hit the area, the total milk production was 1.20 lakh litres against the tehsil's count of 2.4 lakh and the Sangh collected nearly 50,000 litres of milk, delivered it to the chilling plant before sending the same to either Amul, or other processing units and also sold it to conusmers under the brand name 'Sinnar Dudh'.\"We are envisaging a plant equipped with the best technology available in the industry and will ensure that hygiene also adhered to stringent standards, so that the product fetched a better price, \" Kokate said. The Sangh currently does not own a plant. It seends collected milk to a processing plant at Nashik after which it is packaged and sold in retail.\"We collect more than 50 % of the milk produced in in Sinnar (E) and send it to Amul for processing. We have employed the best practices to ensure a high quality of milk and a fitting remuneration to the milk supplier, by collecting milk through computerised centres only,\" Kokate added.\"After the Sangh secures its own own plant, we are certain of strengthening our milk production and consequently the income generated from this activity in this part of the parched district,\" Vaishali Sanap, a local from Vavi village said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15287698", "title": "Lakhs throng Babadham on last Somwari of Shrawan", "text": "BHAGALPUR: On the last Monday of Shrawan, known as \"aakhri somwari\" in local parlance, of the month-long Shrawani Mela, there was huge turnout of devotees at Sultanganj. The entire Sultanganj area was reverberating with chants of \"Bol Bum\" as over 2 lakh pilgrims besides 90,000 'dak bams' thronged the place.Many important politicians, officials and others from neighbouring states also reached Siri Ghat at Sultanganj to fetch holy water from river Ganga to carry it to Baidyanath Dham in Deoghar. Speaker of Chhattisgarh assembly Dharamlal Kaushik along with 800 delegates from his constituency besides Krishnamurty Bandhi, BJP MLA from Masturi constituency (Chhatishgarh) and others started their trek from Sultanganj to Deogarh on Monday. Bihar BJP president Dr C P Thakur was also expected to participate in the Ganga Maha Aarti at Sultanganj.Several administrative and police officials besides those from judiciary also reached here to pay their obeisance at Ajgaibinath Dham at Sultanganj on the auspicious day of Shrawan month. Participation of local populace also added to the volume of devotees of Lord Shiva.Pilgrims' euphoria is running high and everyone is rushing to Deoghar ( Jharkhand ) or Ajgaibinath dham at Sultanganj to pour holy water on the Shiva lingam. It may mentioned here that each Monday of Shravana, is a special day at Shiva temples. Mondays or Somvars of Shravan month are especially observed with austerity as it is the day of Lord Shiva worship.Married women observe fast for a happy and long married life whereas unmarried women observe it for getting a good life partner. Men observe it for a happy and peaceful life. It is believed that those who observe fast and pour holy water from the Ganga and milk on Lord Shiva on this particular day, are blessed by the God and all their wishes are fulfilled. Devotees also offer flowers or Bel leaves on the 'Shivalinga'.Police and officials from the district administration were sweating out to manage the huge crowd that converged on last Monday. An official said it is not we, but Lord Shiva manages everything.However, many devotees complained that importance of praying before the Lord Shiva gets diluted in view of extremely poor management of crowd as well as meagre infrastructure. \"We are having second thought about visiting the place again next year in view of the problems we had to face, said Mina Sherpa, member of a group from Sikkim , adding, \"We will prefer to offer prayer from our place than to visit here again if such chaotic situation is allowed next year as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286999", "title": "Four drown after car falls into canal along expressway", "text": "PUNE: Four persons from the city, including an elderly couple, drowned after their car veered off the Pune-Mumbai expressway near Lonavla and fell into a canal on Monday afternoon. Only on Sunday, five people were killed when their multi-utility vehicle (MUV) was sent hurtling off the expressway at Baur village after being hit by a speeding car.The Lonavla rural police said Vasantlal Gandhi (70) and his wife, Sarojini (65), were coming to Pune along with their relative, Jitendra Gandhi (51) and his wife, Jayashree (51), to attend the funeral of a family member.Around 2 pm, the driver, Devidas Marathe (44), of Jalgaon, apparently lost control of the vehicle near Devle bridge. \"The car, which was speeding, broke the railings along the expressway and plunged straight into the canal. Only Jayashree survived the mishap with minor injuries. She has been admitted to the government hospital at Khandala,\" sub-inspector Santosh Vairagade of the highway police told TOI.Vairagade said it was raining heavily at the time of the accident. \"The car was almost submerged in the canal. Only two of its wheels were visible. The police along with workers of the contractor who maintains the expressway first pulled out Jayashree and sent her to hospital. The bodies of the elderly couple and the driver were soon extricated. Jitendra's body was found a few metres away from the car,\" he said.A little later, a vehicle of Delta Force, which was summoned to pull out the car from the canal, was hit by a speeding car from behind. Three men in the car - Yusuf Shaikh (30), Firoz Qureshi (34) and Ahmed Shaikh (30)-all from Mumbai were injured.Meanwhile, Sanjay Jadhav (32), the driver of the MUV in Sunday's accident, succumbed to his injuries at hospital on Monday. Anil Tambe (48), Azam Iqbal Hassan Khan (22), Sachin Landge (25) and Rohini Gade (40) were the others who died in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15286932", "title": "Depth of disregard: Mughal palace gets lift", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Imagine two cement pillars being added to one side of the Taj Mahal so that elevators can be installed for tourists to reach the top of the monument. The world would call it blasphemy. But here in Ahmedabad, a palace that Mughal emperor Shah Jahan built before the Taj Mahal, is being given two elevators and no one is crying foul. The 390-year-old Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug has already got a brick-and-cement lift shaft and staircase - the two additions stand out like sore thumbs.Caretaker of the monument - Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) - doesn't see this as desecration of the monument. For its officials, these are 'just additions' which don't affect the authenticity of the core structure.For the record, the sole consultant engaged by the society for the \"restoration work\" is a structural engineer and not a conservation architect who would have respected the monument's original design. Vijay Shah, official consultant in the project, however, told TOI, \"I am just concerned with restoring the jharokas and the brackets in the core heritage structure. I never proposed cement structures, the lifts or even the new galleries. These are built on the direction of some other person.\"Today, experts fear for the stability of the extensions \u2014 the lift shafts and concrete extension have rooms underneath, which were servant quarters during Shah Jahan's time. As a result, there are fears that the additions may not have strong foundations. Besides, the extensions also have cement mesh screens that were never made by the Mughals, further diluting the authenticity of the monument.SVPMS secretary RS Patel said, \"Since 1980, no one has come forward to help restore this structure. The elevators are for senior citizens and the disabled. We have in no way meddled with the core structure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286285", "title": "Lift upkeep firm in dock over death", "text": "NASHIK: A Jalgaon-based company involved with the maintenance of elevators has been accused of causing death by negligence. Practical Elevators has been accused of the same after a death of a woman in the building of Magnum Hospital in Nashik on May 4.A hearing with regard to anticipatory bail was scheduled for Monday in the court of district and sessions judge, K K Tantrapale. However, since no one on behalf of the elevator maintenance company turned up, the hearing has been postponed to a further date.On May 4, a lift had come crashing down at Magnum Hospital. Rajkumar Phulwani and Bharati Phulwani, who were in the hospital to see their ailing relative, were inside the lift when the mishap occurred. Both of them were seriously injured in the accident.Both injured were admitted in the same hospital for treatment. Though the doctors contended that the condition of both was stable, Bharati Phulwani died during treatment the following night.A complaint in this regard was lodged at the Sarkarwada police station by Parashram Phulwani of Manmad, who accused the hospital management as well as the contractor of the lift.The Sarkarwada police said that since the maintenance of the lift was with Practical Elavators of Jalgaon, the concerned firm has been made the prime accused in the case.On Monday, however, an advocate on behalf of the company failed to appear for the hearing at court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15285107", "title": "Cops to look into TV reporters' role", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said the investigating team probing the Morning Mist home stay attack case will not fix anyone in the case illegally.\"We will not arrest the journalists who were present at the scene without accumulating substantive evidence against them,\" he told mediapersons on filing an FIR under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) against Kannada news channel reporters Naveen Soorinje and Sharan.\"We will take action legally. I have never said the media is responsible for the attack on the girls. However, the journalists present at the scene could have dialled 100 and informed police. Had they done so, the incident could have been stopped,\" Singh said.On allegations that Mangalore Rural police inspector Ravish Naik did not respond to the reporter's phone call, he said, \"We will not spare anyone and action will be taken against police too, if they are found guilty.\"The commissioner said a committee can be formed to take a decision on filing a chargesheet against the journalists. \"Give us five journalists and we will discuss all the aspects,\" he added.Scribes submit memorandumDakshina Kannada District Working Journalists' Association members condemned the filing of an FIR against journalists who were on duty to cover the attack at the home stay.Association president PB Harish Rai said that filing FIRs against journalists who brought to light the Morning Mist incident is an attack on the freedom of the press.\"It is the duty of journalists to rush to a spot and inform the people. Police should withdraw the FIR filed against Naveen and Sharan,\" he said, adding that the association will have to launch an agitation if the cases are not withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15286085", "title": "Four more arrested over Padil party attack", "text": "MANGALORE: Four more persons were arrested on Monday in connection with the attack on youngsters at the Morning Mist home stay at Padil, taking the number to 12.City police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said they were booked under Sections 13 (a) (b) of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, various IPC sections for unlawful assembly, rioting, criminal trespass, criminal intimidation, assault or criminal force on a woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and Section 2(A) (B) of the Karnataka Prevention of Destruction and Loss of Property Act.The incident led to pandemonium in the legislative assembly on Monday, with the opposition terming the Hindu Jagaran Vedike (HJV) \"Taliban\", and demanding that Hindu fundamental outfits be banned for repeatedly causing trouble in the coastal belt of the state.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said stringent cases under the IPC had been booked against the arrested. Not satisfied with his reply, the Congress and the JD(S) members had heated arguments with the ruling members and staged a walkout.Initiating the debate, opposition leader Siddaramaiah said persons who had barged into the birthday party should be punished on the lines of Islamic law. Demanding the resignation of deputy chief minister and home minister R Ashoka, he said the culprits should be booked under for terrorism. \"Hindu fundamental elements have turned Mangalore into a republic of their own. We witnessed Bellary district turning into a republic during the BJP regime, now Mangalore is getting into a similar mode,\" he said.He also demanded the suspension of Dakshina Kannada deputy commissioner and Mangalore police commissioner, holding them responsible.When Shettar tried defending the government, Siddaramaiah asked the government to invoke the Goonda Act under which the accused is not given bail for a year. He also demanded that an attempt to murder case be booked against the goons, as they had used sharp weapons against the youth.Springing a surprise, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa said the fundamental elements should be punished in such a way that they should fear to repeat such activities. \"This is nothing short of barbarism. Regardless of the party affiliation of the organizations involved in the incident, the government should deal with them with an iron hand,\" he said. He also expressed concern over the youth and their parents living in fear in Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15286137", "title": "Chidambaram calls for swift rehab of Assam riot-hit", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Monday visited riot-hit Kokrajhar and ordered security for all the affected villages that would help return of lakhs of people from relief camps to their homes. This, he said, was the top priority.Chidambaram said there was no violence for the past three days and it was time to send people from relief camps back to their homes. There are four lakh people in 278 relief camps in Kokrajhar, Chirang, Bongaigaon and Dhubri. According to the home department, 5,000 houses were burnt in 244 villages.\"On behalf of the government, I have assured rebuilding of their homes and their security,\" Chidambaram said after visiting two camps near Kokrajhar. \"The police have drawn up a plan to provide security. It's not about having security pickets in one village, but in all the affected villages,\" he said.Chidambaram said the state government was prepared to send food, water and medicine to relief camps. He also met representatives of various social groups at the Circuit House. While Muslim groups urged him to order seizure of illegal arms in Kokrajhar and other Bodoland Territorial Council areas, the Bodos said they suspect involvement of illegal migrants from outside the BTC area in the clashes.Chidambaram also travelled to Chirang where he saw a few camps. At Basugaon higher secondary school camp in Chirang meant for Muslims, he met an angry group that demanded the government scrap BTC. They even shouted slogans against BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary. The home minister will visit Dhubri on Tuesday before leaving for New Delhi.Kokrajhar turning into another Kashmir: AdvaniBJP leader LK Advani on Monday warned that Kokrajhar could turn into another Kashmir where entire population was rendered homeless on their own land. Advani was in Kokrajhar visiting the riot-affected villages. \"Till today, we thought that it was only in Kashmir where a whole population was rendered homeless. I hope the Kashmir situation is not repeated in Assam,\" Advani said after visiting relief camps.Advani's reference to Kashmir was also visible on the streets of Kokrajhar. In several places, the Tricolour was hung between lamp posts with the words, \"Hamare jawan Kashmir me jaan gawaei, dusra Kashmir hone nahin denge, jai Bharat\" (our soldiers have lost their lives in Kashmir. We won't allow another Kashmir here). At the Teetaguri relief camp, which P Chidambaram visited earlier in the day, there was also a banner at the gate that said, \"Save us, we have been made homeless and insecure on our own land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15285183", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express fire: Railway minister hints at sabotage, police rubbish claim", "text": "NELLORE: Was it an accident or a sabotage? This is the million-dollar question doing the rounds here amidst the chaos and frenzy at the railway station. The fire in the Tamil Nadu Express which killed 35 passengers was initially believed to have been caused by an electric short-circuit but the railway authorities are not ruling out the role of saboteurs.Sources said that a battery supplying power to the coach was located at the bottom of it and the fire seemed to have emanated from the battery. Normally, power-supply trips when the battery gets ignited due to short-circuit so that no fire is emanated from the sparks. However, the sparks generated from the battery believed to have jumped up to a ceiling fan close to the toilet in the coach and soon the flames spread fast.Sources said there were at least four passengers who were travelling without reservation in the gutted coach. Police detained the train ticket examiner (TTE) and grilled him at an undisclosed place for details of the unreserved passengers. With none of them being identified in the list of the injured who were admitted to various hospitals, senior railway officials grew suspicious over their role. \"We cannot rule out the role of miscreants behind the mishap as there are some unreserved and unidentified passengers in the reserved bogie. We have to find out who they were and where they were travelling from,\" said a senior railway divisional officer on the condition of anonymity.Some of the passengers, who managed to escape the coach told the GRP that just before the fire broke out they heard the noise of crackers between berths 40 and 44 in the S11.The passengers said that the noise was followed by power failure and then a fire broke out from the compartment's ceiling. The fire quickly spread throughout the compartment and thick smoke engulfed the passengers, Nellore GRP sub-inspector K Srinivasa Chary, who recorded the survivor's statements, told TOI.The police rubbished the railway authorities' claims. District collector Sridhar and SP Ramana Kumar blamed it on a short-circuit. The SP said the fire began from underneath the bogie and spread fast with the help of gushing winds in the early hours of the day. \"Some noise might have been heard. But it could be due to the blast of plastic suitcases or water cans,\" reasoned a senior police official at the accident spot.Railway minister Mukul Roy, who announced a probe by the chief commissioner of railway safety, said that some injured passengers and a gateman had heard a loud noise when the S-11 coach caught fire, but refused to hazard a guess whether he suspected sabotage. The reported recovery of a kerosene can in the gutted coach and the speed with which the fire spread raised suspicions about a possible sabotage. Some passengers said that they heard an 'explosion' before the flames engulfed the S-11 coach. But director general of police V Dinesh Reddy said that it would be premature to say anything on the cause of the fire without a thorough investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15285058", "title": "Leopard mauls 14-year-old shepherd in Bhiwandi", "text": "THANE: Fear returned to haunt people living around Tansa Wildlife Sanctuary on Monday as a 14-year-old shepherd was mauled by a leopard at Umarkhand in Bhiwandi, 5 km from the sanctuary. Five days ago, a 40-year-old woman and two animals was killed by a leopard in the area. Forest officers said the leopard involved in the latest attack may not be the same one.On Monday, shepherd Akshay Rose (14), along with his brother and a cousin, had gone with his herd to the forest where he was attacked by a leopard. According to Kishor Pasalkar, in-charge of Shahapur police station, \"Akshay, with his brother Jay (8) and cousin brother Sanjay (15), was plucking vegetables from a farm when a leopard attacked the boy.\"In his police statement, Sanjay said, \"Around 12.30pm, when we were busy plucking vegetables at the farm, we suddenly heard Akshay crying for help. We ran to spot to find a big leopard dragging him towards the forest. We started shouting, following which the leopard left Akshay and fled.\"The two boys called their relatives who rushed Akshay to a nearby hospital. He was then transferred to the Indira Gandhi Memorial Hospital in Bhiwandi and from there to JJ hospital in Mumbai. JJ doctors said the boy had suffered multiple injuries. \"The left side of his face has multiple wounds. There are also injuries on the right side of his face, nose and neck. His facial bone may have fractures. We suspect he may have lost an eye. The boy has been admitted to the plastic surgery department, and doctors will operate on him after a CT scan,\" said Dr T P Lahane, dean of JJ hospital.This is the third case in 15 days. On July 16, Sanjana Thorat (7), was eaten by a leopard when she stepped out of her Mulund home to relieve herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286531", "title": "Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) scraps many schemes", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA), Nagpur, is offering attractive schemes for slum-dwellers, most of them have not shown any interest so far. The major problem seems to be the size of flats being built under SRA. Earlier, the authority was offering 235 square feet flats. It was later increased to 269 sq ft following demand from public representatives. The increased size has not attracted more people.SRA has been forced to scrap many schemes due to poor demand. A SRA official told TOI that it had decided to construct 9,829 dwelling units in the first project. However, the number had to be reduced to almost 70% to 2,966 due to lack of demand. \"Now we have decided to construct another 1,586 units in the second project. Consequently, the number has increased to 4,552.\"The official further said that the authority had also to construct another 6,357 units on public private partnership (PPP) mode. In the first phase 1,838 units would be constructed. A township in Nari would also be constructed on PPP basis under this scheme.\"We are banking on first three to four projects. As on date many slum dwellers probably think that government will not keep its promises once they shift. When we provide housing to over 10,000 families it will send a positive signal among them,\" he stressed.SRA had completed 126 units by March 2012 and work is going ahead on another 877, of which 544 are on PPP basis. The authority has set a target of completing another 2,892 units by March 2013.Another SRA official said that razing of Rajnagar slum may help slum-dwellers realize that living on encroached land was like a sword of Damocles over your head. \"Railways will also have to evict many slum-dwellers of Jattarodi for laying the third line between Nagpur and Wardha. Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court has not quashed the eviction notices but only asked Railways to take action against the encroachers after following due process of law. This process will be completed sooner or later,\" he said.Past experience shows that many public representatives mislead the slum-dwellers when the government tries to evict them. NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye had convinced the Rajnagar slum residents that they would not be evicted. However, when a big posse of city police participated in the eviction operations Gajbhiye and his supporters could do nothing. Now BJP corporator Sandip Joshi is trying to be the saviour of Jattarodi residents in spite of knowing that their case is not very strong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285743", "title": "5-yr-old raped in Gomtinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: A five-year-old was allegedly raped and abandoned near Mithaiwala Crossing in Gomtinagar. The girl lives in a slum near Vishwas Khand .Her father said the family was watching TV when electricity supply was snapped around midnight. All the family members slept. However, when he woke up at 3am, he found his daughter missing. He started search for her when he got information that his daughter was spotted near Mithaiwala Crossing.On reaching there, the family members did find the girl.However, she was in a state of shock out of fear, the police said and added that looking at girl's condition, it looked that someone attempted to rape her. The girl was rushed to the hospital where she is undergoing treatment. Talking to TOI, station officer Manoj Misra did confirm that a few nearby residents of the locality where the girl was spotted heard the girl crying. When they tried to ask her, the girl told them she was abandoned by her father along with one more man.However, the girl didn't confirm before the police about her father leaving her, as she was in a state of shock and unable to speak. The father, however, has denied the accusation of the nearby residents. The station officer also confirmed bleeding and a few injuries to the girl, which does confirm that someone might have tried to rape her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285639", "title": "Govt transfers 13 IAS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an administrative reshuffle, the government on Monday shifted 13 IAS officers including six district magistrates. RC Srivastava, principal secretary, technical and vocational education has been divested from the charge of principal secretary vocational education.He will however continue remain as principal secretary, technical education department.Gurdeep Singh, principal secretary, department of backward class welfare, has been given the charge of principal secretary, vocational education department. Ashok Kumar-3, who was awaiting posting, has been made principal secretary, department of rural engineering services. He has been given additional charge of principal secretary, department of backward class welfare. Deepak Trivedi, who was also awaiting posting, has been made principal secretary, food and civil supplies.Rajan Shukla, secretary, stamp and registration, horticulture and food processing departments, has been divested of the charge of secretary, stamp and registration. He will continue to discharge his responsibilities as secretary, horticulture and food processing department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287739", "title": "Panel for doctors yet to hold its first meeting", "text": "PATNA: A consultative committee set up by the state government in 2008 to improve the service conditions of doctors is yet to hold its first meeting.The state government had formed the committee after a two-day strike by the doctors belonging to Bihar health service cadre on February 7 and 8, 2008. This compelled the government to form a consultative committee to solve all outstanding problems of doctors including their service conditions. In June 2008, a notification regarding the constitution of the committee was also issued.The committee, which was formed under the chairmanship of the then health secretary, consisted of health joint secretary, Indira Gandhi Institute of Cardiology (IGIC) director, Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) director, five members each from Bihar chapter of Indian Medical Association and Bihar Health Service Association (BHSA), and one representative each from Ayush and Dental stream.BHSA general secretary Dr Ajay Kumar said, \"The committee did hold a meeting after two years of its formation in 2010 but it was called off due to the absence of any agenda.\"The meeting was called by the then health secretary, Ravi Parmar.Kumar alleged the government did not want to hold dialogue with doctors. He said, \"There is a requirement of 16,000 doctors in the state under national rural health mission (NRHM). But the current strength is just 20% of the requirement. At the same time, against the available posts of 8,281 doctors under health services cadre, less than 50% of the requisite workforce is available, putting undue pressure on the existing doctors.\"BHSA has called a meeting on August 19 to discuss the issue, Dr Kumar said, adding the IMA members and teachers from different government medical colleges would also attend the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287128", "title": "House broken into at Satellite; jewellery and cash stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gold and cash worth Rs 23 lakh were stolen from a businessman's house in Satellite. The theft is believed to have occurred between Sunday evening and Monday morning.The booty included more than 1 kilogram of gold and foreign currency, said police officials.The burgled house belonged to Vijay Shah, 58, a resident of Shiromani Residency, Satellite. The incident occurred after Shah along with his wife and son were away to Mount Abu for the weekend on Saturday. Shah deals in sewing machines and peripherals.\"The burglary was spotted by Shah's neighbours who saw the door of his flat ajar on Monday morning. They called him up and informed him about a suspected burglary,\" said a Satellite police official.Shah returned on Monday afternoon along with his family members and found the digital locking system broken and the belongings ransacked.After taking the stock, he found the theft of a gold bar, several gold biscuits and other gold jewellery along with a stash of foreign currency from safe and cupboards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15287606", "title": "Karnataka native rapes minor in Arpora", "text": "MAPUSA: Anjuna police on Monday arrested a Karnataka native for raping a minor girl at Arpora.The police said that the accused, 19-year-old Nandu Lamani was at his rented room in Arpora while his family was out for work on Monday morning. The accused was alone in the house. The victim girl who lives with her family near Nandu's room came to his room to watch television. While she was watching TV the accused allegedly molested and sexually assaulted her.The police have registered the offence after a complaint was filed by the victim's father and the accused was subsequently arrested.Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15289937", "title": "100 bags of gutka seized in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: District food inspectors on Monday caught 100 bags of gutka from the godown of a courrier company at Gadikhana locality here.The sale of gutka was recently banned in Jharkhand.An FIR has been lodged in this connection with Kotwali police station against Uday Kumar Singh, the manager of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15289955", "title": "CBI officials fired upon, FIR lodged against contractor", "text": "DHANBAD: A team of CBI officials and members of the vigilance squad of Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) escaped unhurt when some people opened fired on it at Shimla Bahal area under the Jharia police station on Monday evening. The team had gone for physical verification of the quality of roads constructed by a leading contractor of the area.The team led by CBI inspector S K Jha, later lodged a complaint with the Jharia police station.According to the vigilance officials, they were expected to inspect 16 sites and verified the quality of the roads at two sites when suddenly four people entered the area, started abusing and threatening the team. They later opened fired on them but none was injured as the bullets somehow missed hitting any of the team members. Their aim was to terrorize the team, admitted a team member.Police subsequent recovered six cartridges from the site of the incident.Police suspect the role of men of a leading a contractor of Jharia in the firing and attempt to terrorize them. The CBI had registered a case against the contractor of Kustore and some senior BCCL officials in 2008.The action was a follow up of the investigation into the four-year-old case.This is for the first time in Dhanbad and Jharia that a CBI team had been targeted .Even the gangs of Wasseypur did not dare to terrorize the CBI, said a senior police officials. An FIR filed against contractor B K Singh and others.Meanwhile, Dhanbad SP R K Dhan has directed the Jharia police to register an FIR and arrest the culprits immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285409", "title": "Court irked over police lethargy", "text": "LUCKNOW: A local court on Monday expressed displeasure over police lethargy in handling the arrest of gang members who were involved in helping candidates pass the SSC examination using illegal means. The court was annoyed that the investigating officer or any other responsible police officer was not present, when the accused were produced before it for judicial remand.The court asked the investigating officer to remain present in the court on Tuesday for explanation as to how he imposed sections 467, 468 and 471 of IPC on the accused, granting judicial remand of the accused till Tuesday only.The STF had arrested Deepak Arya, Amit Nehra alias Sonu Kumar, Raman Kumar, Insar, Rajesh Kumar, Prashant Parashar, Vikendra Singh and Udayveer for helping the SSC candidates to clear the exams by illegal means. They were produced in the court of chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay on Monday by a head constable. The investigating officer was absent.The head constable told the court that he had informed the IO. The court found that the police had booked the accused for helping the candidates clear the SSC exam by using modern technologies and charges under sections 420, 467, 468 and 471 of IPC and section 9/10 of UP Public Examination Act were levelled against them. There was nobody on the behalf of police to justify the court about the sections under which the judicial remand was sought. \"It is objectionable,\" observed the court and summoned the IO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285985", "title": "A 15-year long wait ends for Narangs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 15-year wait is over for Narangs. An Olympic medal has been Gagan's dream ever since he took a serious liking to shooting aged 14 and the pursuit continues, never mind the 10 metre air rifle bronze medal he won at the Royal Artillery Barracks in London 2012 on Monday. His parents were joined by their friends at the apartment in Begumpet as they savoured their son's moment of glory. \"This is a great moment. We are happy with his performance. After all, it is an Olympic medal and no joke,'' said Bhimsen Narang.Two 98s in the qualification round spoiled his chances but Gagan Senior looked at the positives. \"Any parent will love to see their child win a gold medal in any competition. But it doesn't matter, ups and downs are part of life in sport. The whole country has been eager that our sportspersons get a medal and this bronze is good enough. We're very proud that he's kept the Indian flag flying,'' he said.Gagan's father also hoped this achievement would spur his son to do well in the two other events: 50M rifle prone and 50M rifle three positions. \"We definitely hope so. This should inspire him to do well in the other events he is taking part in London Olympics,\" said Narang Sr, who retired as deputy general manager, Indian Airlines . Gagan lived the life of a recluse the last few days in the run-up to the competition because he did not want to risk infection from his coach Stanislav Lapidus, who was indisposed. And pressure of expectation did not weigh him down. \"Of course, there is pressure on him and all of us. He is representing the country after all and the hopes of millions of Indians,'' his father said.Gagan's mother Amarjeet echoed his sentiments. \"I spoke to him yesterday. I just wished him good luck and did not talk too much as I did not want to put pressure on him,'' said his mother, who retired as joint director general (JDG) in Military Engineering Services (MES), Lucknow. ''We are absolutely delighted that Gagan got India the first medal in this Olympics. We sincerely wish that our players win many more in the next few days,\" signed off the proud parents trying hard to cope with the flurry of congratulatory messages and calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15285958", "title": "Vengeful bull\u2019s deadly pursuit", "text": "BHOPAL: A bull bided its time and gored an old man to death when an opportunity came a day after the latter had thrown hot water on it. The bull followed the man when he was being taken to a hospital and later reached the crematorium during his funeral in little-known Deori Township in Sagar district of Madhya Pradesh.The bull apparently kept a watch on the frail Bhoop Narayan Prajapati (65) and attacked him four days ago when he was having his morning tea\u2014a day after the old man threw hot water on it for sitting in front of his hut at the main road of Deori Township. Prajapati ran inside his thatched hut to escape, but the bull followed him, pushed him to the ground twice and gored him.Bhura Khan and Nikhil Soni, who were around, came to the rescue of Prajapati. They hit the bull with sticks of solid wood to scare it away. When the bull was off their sight, they rushed the old man to a nearby hospital where he was pronounced brought dead.Much to people's surprise, the bull reached the hospital following Prajapati. Deepak Chourasia, a town-dweller, said that when the mortal remains of the old man were being consigned to flames the bull again sprang a surprise by arriving at the crematorium.Prajapati's house is very close to the hospital and the crematorium too is less than half-a-kilometer, Chourasia added. The old man died due to internal injuries to his stomach and chest, police said.There is a minor history between Prajapati and the bull. Six month ago, the bull had attacked the old man after he hit the animal with a stick. Prajapati was at that time admitted to a hospital where he stayed for more than a month due to leg injury, Deori police station inspector R P Sharma told TOI.\"I have also come to know during investigations in the case that the bull followed Prajapati to the hospital and the crematorium. It's something strange and surprising,\" Sharma said. \"We are going to write a letter to the civic body to put this bull in a government shelter,\" the inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15285705", "title": "Man gulps poison in Ghaziabad SSP\u2019s office", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 45-year-old man, claiming failure of the police to fairly investigate case where he was accused of robbing Rs 5 lakh from his employer, consumed poison at the Ghaziabad SSP's office. The victim's condition is said to be critical and he has been referred to GTB hospital in Delhi.Police officers said that when Satpal entered the room, he told the SSP that he was being falsely implicated in a theft case. \"I have been working for 22 years at Dr BD Sharma's clinic. Three days ago, Rs 5 lakh went missing and Dr Sharma accused me of it. I was harassed after which I wrote applications to both the local SHO at the Gandhi Nagar police station and the SSP, but no action was taken,\" the victim said.SP (City), SS Yadav, said, \"We are looking into the claim made by Satpal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15286871", "title": "Monday blues for Metro", "text": "Metro operations were severely affected by the power failure on Monday morning even as Delhi Metro received hydel power from Bhutan on a priority basis. DMRC kept all stations closed between 6am-7 am and only 25 per cent of the trains were running by 7am. Services were fully restored by 9am, when all 200 trains on the network were put into operation.\"Owing to the collapse ofthe Northern Grid, Metro lines and depots didn't get auxiliary and traction power supply from 2.35am to 6.58am. As a result, trains couldn't be taken out from depots for induction on main lines for passenger services at 6am as per the normal schedule,\" said a DMRC spokesperson.Commuters, however, complained that services remained affected till noon. Even as stations opened at 7am, passengers could be seen waiting for trains in large numbers as the day progressed . The frequency of trains dropped to as low as 20 minutes on a few corridors.The Gurgaon-Jahangirpuri corridor was the worst hit with schedules being delayed till afternoon. \"I had to wait for a long time at the station even as announcements of the delay were being made,\" said Pratim Pandey, a daily commuter from Arjangarh. Delhi Metro officials admitted that train frequency on the line had gone down from the usual 2.5 minutes to 3.5 minutes, though they claimed trains on the corridor were put into operation at the same time as the other lines. \"Since it's a predominantly underground line with 10 tunnels, services could only be restored gradually,\" added the DMRC official. Till 8.20am, only six of 26 car trains were inducted into service to cater the crowd on line 2 (Gurgaon-Jahangirpuri ).To tackle the backlog of commuters and trips \u2014 Delhi Metro makes around 1,800 trips every day \u2014 DMRC deployed half trips between Vishwavidyalaya station and the two interchange stations, Rajiv Chowk and Kashmere Gate, between 7am and 9am.\"To manage the crowd at interchange stations, six trains were sent from Vishwavidyalaya so that the service from Kashmere Gate to HUDA City Centre could be restored,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jalalabad", "code": "15286343", "title": "Man held for inflicting injuries to facilitate MLR case", "text": "JALALABAD: Police arrested a man while accepting money for allegedly inflicting injuries on a person for a false medico legal report. A case under various sections of Indian Medical Act and IPC has been registered against the accused.DSP Sulakhan Singh said Balwant Singh of Peer Baksh area had complained against Sattar Mohammad, who runs 'Khan Hospital', and accused him of involvement in inflicting false injuries on people to help them get false medico legal reports in criminal cases. He also alleged that the hospital was equipped with an X-ray machine and different medical tools, which were used to get the desired injuries.Following the complaint, a trap was laid and cops in civil uniform accompanied the complainant to the hospital, where he negotiated with Sattar for inflicting injuries on him for Rs 4,000. When Sattar was accepting the money, police nabbed him red-handed and confiscated the X-ray machine and several tools, used to inflict injuries from the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287788", "title": "Now, government to promote village tourism", "text": "PATNA: The state tourism department has decided to promote 'village tourism' in the remote areas of Bihar by developing some of the villages rich in arts and crafts to attract tourists, especially foreigners, who want to spend some time among rural folks to know more about their traditions and skills.In the first phase, the department has identified 10 such villages. \"The main idea is to create proper ambience in these villages for visiting tourists who want to spend a night there. We want the tourists to see the process of making of traditional crafts in a village environment,\" said a tourist department official.The concept has been christened as 'homestay'. \"We have received strong feedback from tourists, mostly foreigners, who are inclined to see the process of making traditional local handicrafts in the village itself. So, we have identified a few villages known for their rich traditional arts and crafts,\" the official said.The department would also pay half the amount of the project or Rs 4 lakh, whichever is the maximum, to the villagers interested in developing their houses as per the requirements mentioned by the department. Those villagers would also get rent from the tourists for subletting their dwellings.\"The main focus would be on hygiene and cleanliness,\" said an official. The project is likely to be placed before the cabinet soon.Some of identified villages are Baswanbigha and Nepura in Nalanda, Ranti and Jitwarpur in Madhubani, and Tehta in Jehanabad and Patharkatti in Gaya.Baswanbigha is known for 'Bawanbuti' sari. It was in this region where the Bawanbuti tradition of sari weaving thrived. There was a time when the weavers of Baswanbigha supplied beautiful handmade curtains and fabrics to Rashtrapati Bhavan.Nepura, 12km from Rajgir, is locally popular for 'Tussar' silk. Pit loom 'Tussar' weaving and thigh-reeling are the major craft techniques, which are traditionally practised by the Tanti community. The primary raw material used is the Tussar cocoon. Nepura has all the elements to develop it as a cottage industry hub. The weavers produce myriad designs of fine fabric, tailored by trained women.Patharkatti has as many as 3000 people engaged in making sculptures. Traditionally, the work was limited to the Gaud Brahmins who migrated from Rajasthan on the invitation of Rani Ahilyabai of Indore. Some 400 years ago, the 1300 Gaud Brahmins built the famous Vishnupad temple in Gaya. Most of the families stayed back and continued with sculpture-making from local stones.Ranti and Jitwarpur are widely known as the birthplaces of famous Mithila paintings. These two villages still have so many Mithila painters. Some of them have received prestigious Padma awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287278", "title": "Divorced Muslim women struggle to get passports for their children", "text": "CHENNAI: Passport authorities' insistence that Muslim women, even after dissolution of marriage as per Sharia law, should furnish court decrees to get passport for their children, has been playing havoc with the lives of many single women, feel family law experts and counsellors.While the separation process initiated by Muslim men under the personal law gets over in a jiffy, with him pronouncing talaq thrice, the equivalent 'khula' process initiated by Muslim women seeking divorce is delayed, as it requires 'talaq' by the husband. Also, while the allied issues such as custody of children are completed orally under Sharia law, the passport authorities insist court decrees.\"Plenty of women want to move abroad to study, remarry, move back with family or for employment opportunities. But, because of their minor children, they are held back,\" says advocate Bader Sayeed, a former MLA and family law expert. \"Even to apply for a job, higher studies or remarry, you need a certificate from a kazi or court decree, which is not a part of the Islamic law,\" she said. Tasneem Sulieman's story is a case in point. Brought up in Brunei before marriage, she has been trying to move out of India with her two-year-old baby. Though it has been more than a year since she left her husband, a court decree giving her the custody of the child is yet to come through. Without this decree, passport authorities are not willing to issue her child a passport.Tasneem who grew up in Brunei was married to a man based in Chennai when she was 19. She decided to apply for a 'khula' through a local kazi. Her husband, however, refused to turn up or send a letter pronouncing the word thrice.Tasneem had to approach a jurisdictional court and get divorce under the Dissolution of Muslim Marriage Act 1939, after a lot of delays. \"I'm not fluent in English, and am forced to live alone here in Chennai. I am unable to move to Brunei with my baby, who is yet to be given a passport,\" she said.While passport authorities demand a formal written custody decree, her husband had given her the custody only orally. Tasneem now does not know where her husband is, or how to explain her urgency to the court and passport authorities.Badar Sayeed's query under the provisions of the RTI Act revealed that passport authorities are supposed to treat both talaq and a civil court decree equally. The regional passport office here replied that they required a court decree or talaq issued by chief kazi. To another query, the office said it does not maintain details of divorced Muslim women or their children who have applied for passports.Kulsum, married of at the age of 16, decided to leave her abusive husband after more than six years of marriage. However, her 'khula' proceedings took more than two years to complete.\"In cases where talaq had already been pronounced, if the wife approaches court for a decree it becomes difficult because it requires the husband who by then has moved on or lost contact,\" said another advocate.\"We are not saying leave the customary law. Ensure that after talaq is pronounced, the couple approaches a court of law and legalises it on paper too,\" said Sayeed.(Some names have been changed to protect identity).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15286057", "title": "Forest staff allege officer slapped them for not being in uniforms", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed in Pollachi town since Monday morning after about 250 forest guards and an equal number of anti-poaching tribal watchmen gathered in front of the office of Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR) at Meenkarai road demanding action against assistant conservator of forest V C Rahul, who allegedly slapped (in the face) a forest guard and three watchmen for not wearing uniform while on duty.All the guards and watchers in Pollachi, Udumalai, Valparai, Amaravathy, Top Slip, Manambally and Kangayam divisions of the ATR gathered in front of the office right from morning and demanded among other things transfer of the assistant conservator out of the state.There was mounting tension when the huge gathering tried to barge into the assistant conservator's office. The local police had a difficult time managing the protesting forest staff, who wanted to confront the officer. Rahul said the entire episode was fabricated to defame him. The forest service officer said he would fight the case in court and refused to tender any apology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286044", "title": "Konda Murali disqualified from Legislative Council", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rebel Congress MLC and Jagan loyalist Konda Murali was on Monday disqualified from the state Legislative Council. The decision was taken by Council chairman A Chakrapani who was acting on a complaint lodged three months back by Congress which was seeking Murali's disqualification for anti-party activities.Murali is married to Konda Surekha, a YSR Congress leader from Warangal who recently lost the Parkal bylection to the TRS candidate.Meanwhile, Murali dubbed his disqualification as an anti-BC decision influenced by Congress. Commenting on the sacking, he said, \"the Congress has sent BC minister Mopidevi Venkataramana to jail. Now, they have disqualified me,\" he said. Stating that the people of Andhra Pradesh had rejected the Congress in the recently held byelections, Murali said that \"there is no respectable leader left in the Congress. The party is full of jokers and brokers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285309", "title": "Fireworks expected at NCP-Cong panel meet", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress-NCP coordination committee which is scheduled to meet this week is likely to see some fireworks within the ruling DF alliance. State Congress president Manikrao Thakre said on Monday the coordination meeting is likely to be held on August 2 or 3.\"The Congress will raise questions on the role of the NCP joining hands with the BJP in Vidarbha during thezilla parishad polls,\" Thakre said. \"The NCP move to team up with the BJP will put the DF alliance in trouble,'' he said.The NCP is gearing itself to take on the Congress. NCP state unit chief Madhukar Pichad had made sarcastic comments on CM Prithviraj Chavan on Sunday.\"The NCP would want to know from Chavan about the files which he claims have been cleared by the CM's office and how many of them were about proposals forwarded by the NCP,\" Pichad said. He was reacting to Chavan's claim that his speed of disposing off files was far better than his predecessors.The NCP is upset that it is not being taken into confidence by Chavan while taking key decisions. The NCP has begun to mount pressure on the Congress in New Delhi on several issues, including the \"step-motherly'' treatment meted out to the party in Maharashtra.According to Mantralaya sources, the bone of contention between the Congress and the NCP is the CM's decision to bring out a 'white paper' on irrigation projects. The irrigation department is headed by Sunil Tatkare, a senior NCP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15286206", "title": "Junior doctors cannot go on strike without notice: HC", "text": "A division bench of the AP high court on Monday made it clear that the junior doctors association would not go on strike without giving a 72-hour notice to the state government. The bench not only reigned in the doctors who it was alleged were going on strikes once too often but also directed the state government to deal with their grievances with promptitude. S Sriram, counsel for the Junior Doctors' Association (JUDA) pointed out that the government had failed to show a permanent solution to the issues raised by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285487", "title": "Gujarat may repair riot-hit shrines", "text": "NEW DELHI: After taking a constitutional high ground that compensation to religious structures damaged during 2002 communal riots was opposed to the tenets of secular governance, the Gujarat government on Monday told the Supreme Court that it was contemplating framing a scheme for repair of such structures harmed during breakdown of law and order.Gujarat's additional advocate general Tushar Mehta faced a tough situation \u2014 both legally and politically \u2014 before a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra as senior advocate Harish Salve argued for NGO Islamic Relief Committee of Gujarat that the high court's order directing assessment of damages to the religious structures due to riots for payment of compensation was a \"healing touch\" approach.Salve said when the HC said the state did not discharge its constitutional obligations during the riots adequately; it was not an indictment but a finding on constitutional tort warranting compensation for repair.\"The order was in February and now we are in end of July yet nothing has been done. The exercise by the HC was to make some one who had waited for nine years to feel that some forum was hearing his grievance. Let the exercise go on. This is only a healing touch ,\" he said.Salve's response came when Mehta sought a stay on the proceedings before the District Judges, as directed by the HC, for assessing of the damages. Mehta said, \"Earlier we had accepted the liability of repairing the damaged religious structures before the National Human Rights Commission. But later, we find that it was against the ethos of secular governance.\"On finding that the court was not ready to stay the ongoing exercise, he suggested to the court that let a scheme be framed for the entire country as per the 2009 judgement of the apex court directing the Odisha government for repair of the churches damaged during the Kandhamal riots.Mehta's suggestion appealed to the bench, which said it would consider undertaking the exercise for formulating a national scheme for repair of religious structures damaged during law and order situations. However, Mehta said: \"I will take instruction and come back with a scheme, which if appeals to the court could form basis for formulation of a national scheme.\" The bench asked him to file the scheme by August 14.But, the Gujarat government kept up its ante against the HC's finding that the state inaction or negligence resulted in the damage to religious structures during the 2002 riots. He said damages could be awarded under civil law when a victim went to the court and not in a PIL to alleged victims who were not identified.\"While invoking the remedy under Article 226 of the Constitution as a public law remedy in cases involving allegations of 'constitutional torts', can the HC arrive at a factual finding without adjudication about either inaction/negligence and/or thereafter devise a new remedy of getting the compensation amount quantified before a forum unknown to law?\" Mehta asked.He said the public law remedy, which the PIL petitioner had sought to invoke before the HC, was aimed at compensating violations of fundamental right and could not have been exercised for damage to properties because right to property was no longer a fundamental right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15286841", "title": "Monday blues for Metro", "text": "Metro operations were severely affected by the power failure on Monday morning even as Delhi Metro received hydel power from Bhutan on a priority basis. DMRC kept all stations closed between 6am-7 am and only 25 per cent of the trains were running by 7am. Services were fully restored by 9am, when all 200 trains on the network were put into operation.\"Owing to the collapse ofthe Northern Grid, Metro lines and depots didn't get auxiliary and traction power supply from 2.35am to 6.58am. As a result, trains couldn't be taken out from depots for induction on main lines for passenger services at 6am as per the normal schedule,\" said a DMRC spokesperson.Commuters, however, complained that services remained affected till noon. Even as stations opened at 7am, passengers could be seen waiting for trains in large numbers as the day progressed . The frequency of trains dropped to as low as 20 minutes on a few corridors.The Gurgaon-Jahangirpuri corridor was the worst hit with schedules being delayed till afternoon. \"I had to wait for a long time at the station even as announcements of the delay were being made,\" said Pratim Pandey, a daily commuter from Arjangarh. Delhi Metro officials admitted that train frequency on the line had gone down from the usual 2.5 minutes to 3.5 minutes, though they claimed trains on the corridor were put into operation at the same time as the other lines. \"Since it's a predominantly underground line with 10 tunnels, services could only be restored gradually,\" added the DMRC official. Till 8.20am, only six of 26 car trains were inducted into service to cater the crowd on line 2 (Gurgaon-Jahangirpuri ).To tackle the backlog of commuters and trips \u2014 Delhi Metro makes around 1,800 trips every day \u2014 DMRC deployed half trips between Vishwavidyalaya station and the two interchange stations, Rajiv Chowk and Kashmere Gate, between 7am and 9am.\"To manage the crowd at interchange stations, six trains were sent from Vishwavidyalaya so that the service from Kashmere Gate to HUDA City Centre could be restored,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286364", "title": "Another hearing in District Central Cooperative Bank scam case", "text": "NAGPUR: Another hearing in Rs 150 crore Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank (NDCCB) scam case ended in the court on Monday with same predictable result- the accused buying more time. Although the court issued non-bailable warrants (NBWs) against Congress MLA from Saoner Sunil Kedar and three others, charges could not be framed even this time. Only five of the 11 accused were present.Kedar, who appeared in the previous hearing, was not present on Monday which resulted in NBW being issued. One of the accussed Amit Verma, who lives in Ahmedabad, was granted exemption from appearance as he claimed that he could not come as he was suffering from piles.Even a single accused not present is enough to continue the delay. The case cannot move forward till charges are framed for which all the accused have to remain physically present. The accused so far have been able to stall the trial with simple move of not being present at the same time. The next hearing will be now held on August 21.It is not for the first time that NBW has been issued against Kedar. The warrant was cancelled after he appeared in court but still the case could not move further as some other accused was not present. Even in the last hearing, NBWs were issued against three other accused- Sanjay Agrawal, Nandkishore Trivedi and Kanan Mevawala. Though Trivedi appeared on Monday, Agrawal and Mevawala did not. Mevawala is absconding since the case was registered in 2002. In the last hearing, four accused had sought exemption on health grounds; of them two were present on Monday.Those closely related to the case say not much can happen until prosecutor himself takes an initiative. All accused will never come together to court in Nagpur. Mevawala has been missing since the beginning and Mahendra Agrawal, who lives in Kolkata, is reported to be bed-ridden after his spinal cord was damaged in an accident.The warrants issued are cancelled after the accused appears in one hearing. However, the judge can decide to hold them in custody to ensure presence at the next hearing, said a senior lawyer. So far no judge has thought of that. As far as absconding and the bedridden accused are concerned, their trial can be separated from that of others so the case proceeds further.The NDCCB case is one of the biggest cooperative bank frauds of the country. The bank in Nagpur lost around Rs 150 crore to M/s Home Trade Limited which took funds for investing in government securities but swindled the money. Around Rs 50 crore were taken from district central cooperative banks in Wardha and Osmanadad, apart from many other banks in different states being duped similarly.Agrawal, who headed Home Trade, was under custody in several states which was also one of the reasons why charges could not be framed in NDCCB case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15287180", "title": "CPM leaders in a spot over Abdul Shukkoor murder", "text": "KANNUR: The special investigation team probing the murder of Muslim Youth League leader Abdul Shukkoor is likely to name CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan and DYFI state secretary T V Rajesh MLA as accused in the case.According to sources, there are many contradictions in the statements given earlier by P Jayarajan and Rajesh. After grilling Rajesh on Monday, the SIT has decided to question Jayarajan for a third time on August 1 and the notice has already been served.After the three-hour grilling by the SIT at Kannur Town CI office, Rajesh said he cooperated with the investigation team.\"They have questioned many people in connection with Shukkoor murder case and when I was questioned I gave whatever information I have,\" Rajesh said without elaborating further.Asserting that there will not be any delay in filing the chargesheet in the murder case, Kannur district police chief Rahul R Nair said the investigation is in final stage. \"There are four more people to be arrested as they are named in the list of accused and they would be arrested at the earliest,\" he said. \"If need arises, there could be other arrests as well,\" he added. He, however, refused to divulge any detail about the questioning of Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15289478", "title": "Surtis can walk with sharks by December", "text": "SURAT: The long-awaited dream of Surtis to walk with sharks will be a reality by December.The dream project undertaken by Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) to set up the first tunnel pool aquarium of its kind in the country to house sharks and number of other species of rare marine life is nearing completion.The contract for setting up life support system was awarded to a Chennai-based firm at the cost of Rs 1.48 crore. The process for allotting work for setting up six-inch thick glass panels for the shark pool is underway.The aquarium project, which has been delayed by year, is being built at Jagdishchandra Bose Udyan in Adajan spreading over 25,722 sq m.\"The delay is essentially due to alterations in structural designs. We want the structure to remain unaffected by floods,\" said an SMC official.\"We are in the final phases of work and almost completing the installation of life-support system for marine life to not only live it's full life but also breed normally in captivity,\" said Jatin Shah, chief engineer, SMC.The aquarium will have a shark pool that is two-floors high, 40-feet long and 30-feet wide with a capacity of seven lakh liters water where two sharks will be housed.It will also contain rare species of fresh, brackish and marine water fishes in its 52 eco system tanks.The technology for construction of glass paneling for shark pool is not available in the country and bids are called from foreign firms with special conditions.\"We have made some international norms for foreign bidders as this technology is not available in our country. The glass panels must withstand force and friction of water and sustain it,\" said Shah.This work is estimated to cost around Rs three crore. The project is likely to cost SMC Rs 20 crore.Tunnel pool aquarium would come up in second phase where a house for the dolphins would be made. The decision on the size of the tunnel to be 66 meters or 100 meters will be taken after the first phase is over.Apart from Singapore, nowhere in Asia such an aquarium is available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285709", "title": "No registration without parking space?", "text": "NEW DELHI: After proposing residential parking fees, the Delhi government is now looking to curb increasing registration of cars by asking for proof of parking space.The suggestion, which came up in a meeting held in the lieutenant governor's office last week, follows a a Rajasthan high court order that had asked the Rajasthan government to register only those vehicles whose owners have proof of parking space.Ranjan Mukherjee, the officer on special duty to the LG, said, \"The LG has asked the commissioner of transport, Delhi government, to look into the possibility of implementing the policy in Delhi.\" The Delhi government is already exploring other avenues to contain the number of private vehicles while encouraging use of public transport. Mukherjee added that the special committee on parking under the chairmanship of the chief secretary would also look at the viability of the proposal. \"The suggestion is not new. It's a practice followed in Japan as well,\" he added.\"We are looking into this proposal and have asked the Rajasthan court for a copy of the order. While this proposal might help deter people from purchasing more vehicles, the fact remains that cars from NCR also enter the city and this proposal can succeed only if the entire region is involved in such a plan,\" said a senior official in the transport department.According to the department, more than 1,000 vehicles are registered in Delhi every day. Of these, 48% are private vehicles, said Mukherjee. The Delhi government is also considering a proposal of taking a monthly charge from residents for allowing on-street parking outside their homes within colonies.\"The government had proposed issuing a permit of Rs 1,500 applicable for one vehicle per family or shop in residential areas,\" said a government official.The Delhi government had also issued a notice on May 9 to increase parking charges for three hours during peak hours to Rs 50 and for non-peak hours to Rs 30. However, it is yet to be implemented due to a lot of objection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287539", "title": "Bambolim hotel flouting CRZ rules, says Surya Wagh", "text": "PANAJI: St Andre BJP MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh on Monday accused the Grand Hyatt, Bambolim, and Aldeia de Goa, a residential colony, of constructing structures in the no-development zone of the Siridao bay.Following Wagh's charges, environment minister Alina Saldanha assured him of requesting her department to conduct a site inspection of the area to check for violations. The assurance came following a starred question by Wagh.Wagh said that the no-development zone in the CRZ area is presently 100m and wanted to know whether attempts were made to reduce it to 50m. With the minister unable to confirm that, Wagh said such attempts had been made and that the Grand Hyatt and Aldeia de Goa had built a wall blocking the beach.Wagh said he asked the Goa coastal zone management authority officials about it but they took advantage of the ambiguity in the classification of the area as a river. Wagh said the area is wrongly classified as a 'river' and that it is actually a 'bay'. He demanded to know whether the environment department had conducted any recent survey of the area.Saldanha stated that although around 1994 the no-development zone was declared as 50m, the CRZ notification was later amended and the Supreme Court said that the no-development zone should be 100m. Saldanha said that her department would conduct a site inspection of the Siridao bay area soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15284733", "title": "Dark Age: Life thrown out of gear in \u2018powerless\u2019 Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Much like other states in North India, life in the desert state too was thrown out of gear due to the power failure following a breakdown in the Northern Grid in the wee hours of Monday.By evening, power was restored in most parts of the state. However, a few rural areas still remained in darkness till late evening.The production came to a standstill as the supply from the Northern Grid collapsed, following which the entire state was plunged into darkness at 2.35 am, except the areas covered under the Jhalore-Sirohi line.By early morning, the supply was restored in the western region by drawing power from the Western Grid. The production at the six power generating units in Kota, four at Suratgarh and one at Chhabra was restored later in the day.The power failure affected the routine of the common man who had to brave long queues at the railway station, airport and bus counters, besides the hot and humid conditions.The water supply was also disrupted at most places, including hospitals where patients and staff had a harrowing time.At the Jaipur railway station, long queues were seen outside the ticket counters as the computer systems worked slow due to power failure, said a railway official. However, power supply was not snapped at the platforms.Passengers had a trying time at bus depots where ticket counters were almost 'non-operational' as computers did not work.The power failure also exposed the poor back-up at government hospitals in the city. Kanwatia Hospital was plunged into darkness for an hour before a generator was pressed into service.To meet the demand, the state government also purchased 600MW wind power. Attempts were made to ensure that remaining power generating units in the state, which were closed either for maintenance or technical faults, could become operational by late Monday.As the Northern region suffered one of the worst power failures ever, indiscipline of a few states that were frequently overdrawing power from the Northern Grid, was seen as one of the reasons for the crisis.On Monday, Rajasthan along with states like Haryana and Uttar Pradesh continued to overdraw power from the grid. While the state's share is 4837 MW, on Monday evening it was drawing 5162 MW power from the grid.\"There was a fault in the 400 KV power line on the Agra-Gwalior line and overdrawing of power should not be considered the reason for the grid failure. All power generating units in the state, except for two which are closed for annual maintenance, have been restored or would be soon,'' said C S Chandeliya, director, Power Trading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ajmerbikanerjodhpur", "code": "15284669", "title": "Districts suffer 9-hr long ordeal", "text": "AJMERBIKANERJODHPUR: While power was restored in the state capital with in six hours, most of the other districts had to face over nine-hour long power failure, which severely affected essential services.With no back-up facilities at the JLN hospital in Ajmer, operations were postponed while patients had to suffer in the hot and humid conditions. The back-up generator after running for half-an-hour collapsed at the government hospital.Nearly 18 operations, which were scheduled for the day, had to be postponed. \"We could not operate on the patients in the absence of power. Some vital instruments, such as the one used for checking the heart beat, run on electricity,\" a doctor at the JLN hospital said.Managing director of Ajmer Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (AVVNL) P C Jat called a meeting of circle officers and directed them to check instances of power thefts and illegally drawing from the main line. The officers were also instructed to inspect the domestic and commercial connections in the city.Meanwhile in Jodhpur, water supply was badly affected as the pumps could not be started due to power failure. Work at steel and stone factories and some engineering units were hit.In Bikaner, power was restored much later in the day. The industries suffered losses with work being stalled at most units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15284876", "title": "Chaos prevails at Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Though pressing problems, including the threat of a dengue epidemic, loom large on the BBMP horizon, corporators on Monday walked out of the council meeting on flimsy grounds.Mayor D Venkatesha Murthy had 67 subjects, including dengue, on his table to be discussed. But all hell broke loose when he said he'd approve other subjects before discussing dengue.The corporators would have none of it. Amid chaos in the well of the house, Venkatesha Murthy approved subjects without even hearing what they were. Of the 67 subjects, 22 were deferred. However, he kept saying \"Approved\" without even knowing the subjects.The council was adjourned twice, first when the mayor took offence of the quorum of the house when less than half the corporators arrived late and later when the members began shouting slogans and disrupted proceedings.\"We earlier had council meetings from 10am which was difficult for corporators as they cited traffic as a hurdle. Now, when we have slotted them as per their convenience, they still cannot come in time. What else should be done?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15288650", "title": "Tent being erected for Ramdev's protest collapses, 4 injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: A portion of a tent being erected for yoga guru Ramdev's protest at the Ramlila Maidan here collapsed on Tuesday morning due to rains, leaving four labourers injured.Organisers said the tent collapsed due to rain.The labourers suffered minor injuries, they said.Ramdev is scheduled to sit on an indefinite protest from August 9 demanding that black money stashed away abroad should be brought back to the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286435", "title": "Ramdev's Modi act doesn't bother local Anna supporters", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Team Anna members at New Delhi are vexed by Baba Ramdev sharing stage with Gujarat CM Narendra Modi, back home the local chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) seemed unfazed by the controversy.IAC detractors have always maintained that Team Anna has saffron links, and this has gained currency with the recent Ramdev-Modi meet. Prakash Gajbhiye, city corporator from National Congress Party (NCP), said, \"Baba Ramdev is spoiling his image by indulging in such things. He should focus on providing spiritual knowledge and blessings rather than dabble in politics.\"Even Team Anna member in the capital, Sanjay Singh, has demanded clarification from the yoga guru. \"We were never in agreement with Modi. We are not in agreement even now. Narendra Modi is a murderer of humanity. It is for Ramdev to clarify the issue,\" said Singh, who was conducting the proceedings at the fast venue.However IAC Nagpur supporters felt Ramdev did no wrong in sharing stage with Modi. IAC coordinator Ajay Sanghi said, \"We have no problem if he is sharing stage with political leaders. Even we did the same here and met leaders like Nitin Gadkari and Sharad Pawar. I believe this is Ramdev's strategy to get the protest going.\"Agreeing with him, protester Sanjay Pillay, who is on indefinite hunger strike, said, \"our fight is not targeted against any specific party or person. It is against the corruption which is ruining our nation. So, why would we mind if Baba Ramdev shared dais with Modi or any other leader? At the end of the day, we know that Ramdev is doing all this for the welfare of our country and we trust him.\"The protest at RBI Square continued on Monday as well with seven people on indefinite fast as three others dropped out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285439", "title": "UP may slap recovery notice on mills with above 10% pending dues", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sugarcane farmers from Uttar Pradesh will stage a sit-in outside cane commissioner Kamran Rizvi's office on Tuesday. The sit-in follows a series of ongoing and planned agitations by sugarcane farmers to force the Samajwadi Party government to order immediate release of cane dues to sugarcane farmers in UP. Till last week, the non-payment of dues was threatening to assume political overtones, with many farmer groups suggesting that the SP government had failed to protect farmers' interests despite calling them as their \"biggest vote bank.\"Following state-wide agitations and fearing a political backlash, the state government has tightened the noose around defaulting sugar mills. Sources confirmed that UP has decided to issue recovery notices to all sugar mills with more than 10% dues pending. Though the orders for issuing recovery notices have already been prepared, and a formal sanction by the state government is awaited. At present, two private sugar mills, allegedly owned by Modi Sugar, have registered the highest pendency in payment of farmers' dues. The government has also settled, within the last week, electricity dues of nearly Rs 100 crore, which it owed to sugar mills. The mill owners had argued that non-payment of this amount was among the reasons why they were unable to pay the farmers. Currently, UP government still owes mill owners electricity dues approximately Rs 500 crore.After the protests by farmers, nearly 16 sugar mills had settled their dues by Monday. However, private and cooperative mills still collectively owe about Rs 1,650 crore to cane farmers. Protesting the delay in payment despite standing orders of the Supreme Court, farmers started their agitations in west UP in June. Recently, protests also extended to other parts of the state.Earlier, the Supreme Court had ordered the UP government and sugar mill owners to settle cane arrears in three instalments -- on May 7, June 7 and July 7 -- to sugarcane farmers. The court also ruled that if the government and private millers failed to settle the arrears by July 7, 2012, the remaining amount would attract an additional interest of 16%.Speaking to TOI, Bharatiya Kisan Union leader Naresh Tikait said, \"The farmers have suffered badly as a result of this delay in payment. During the Bahujan Samaj Party regime, the government was stricter in dealing with sugar mil owners. As a result, farmers were able to get their dues. This year, the situation is particularly bad, with the bulk of dues still unpaid.\" Tikait, who headed protests in Shamli and Prabudh Nagar districts of the state, said BKU proposes to extend these protests to entire UP. \"We will organise sit-ins outside sugar mills. If the cane dues are not paid, we will demand the release of sugar stocks, so that farmers can recover at least some of their money,\" Tikait added.State president of Rashtriya Lok Dal , Hardeo Singh, said, \"Cane farmers in the state have taken a terrible beating because of this delayed payment. Ahead of the next harvest season, there is widespread black marketing of fertilisers, fuel prices have shot up and farmers have no money to meet their expenses. The government has failed to build pressure on the sugar mill owners to settle dues. It is because of this laidback approach that the farmers are suffering.\"At present, UP is the biggest producer sugarcane in the country. It also ranks number two in sugar production. Sugarcane is produced in 44 districts of the state, of which 28 are regarded as major sugarcane producing districts. According to details available with the state's cane department, UP has 125 operational sugar mills, with over 40 lakh sugarcane farmers in the state. Of these, about 29 lakh sugarcane farmers are members of 168 UP Cooperative Cane Development Societies. Sugarcane is supplied to mills through these societies.Of the total Rs 1,650 crore worth of cane dues, government-run cooperative sugar mills owe farmers groups approximately Rs 134 crore, while private millers owe the remaining dues. President, Kisan Jagriti Manch, Sudhir Panwar, said, \"We will wait till July end for the government to settle the dues. Once we meet the chief minister in this regard, we will decide the future course of action; either take the legal route or scale up the farmer agitations.\"Meanwhile, officials say that the government is committed to pay the farmers their due. Though some payment has already been made, they said, the remaining would also be released in due course of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15286825", "title": "Kochi-Muziris Biennale offers multi-dimensional prospects", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi-Muziris Biennale which is expected to draw at least five lakh visitors and 80 artists from across the world will not only have socio-cultural benefits but huge economic yields as well, according to its organizers and leading artists.Speaking at a seminar on \"Kochi-Muziris Biennale -socio-cultural benefits\" here on Monday, they said the event can be a major initiative in cultural diplomacy to raise the international profile of city and the state, and enhance the image of the city in the eyes of its own citizens.This will in turn boost tourism both from within the country and outside, and generate employment and promote trade and other allied activities, they said.Kochi-Muziris Biennale will be an occasion for showcasing the rich and long-standing cultural lineage of the state, as well as an opportunity to critically reflect on our own past. The artists from within the state will get an unprecedented opportunity to get exposed to the works of the leading artists from across the world as well as to engage with the artists themselves. It will also up the level of public awareness among the various trends prevailing in different parts of the globe.Renowned artist Vivan Sundaram appealed to the government to support the project and should not discard it just because the previous government had piloted it. Mayor Tony Chammani said corporation would support the project, provided it was made transparent and accountable in all stages of decision-making and execution. \"It's important to remove all mysteries surrounding the event,\" he said. Artist Balan Nambiar said over 120 biennales and triennials were being held by different countries and many of them were a big draw both in terms of cultural and economic developments.Muhammed Afzal Edappakath of the political affairs and public diplomacy department at the Embassy of The Netherlands said cultural diplomacy which relies on soft power was now increasingly being recognized as the effective means to manage relations between countries. He emphasised that culture and creative industries were powerful drivers that would create jobs, enhance quality of life and bring lots of goodwill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287848", "title": "Japjita s kidnapping: 4 get life term", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a more than one-and-a-half-year-old kidnapping case, a local court on Monday awarded life imprisonment to four accused. They were convicted by the court, on Friday, for kidnapped a seven-year-old boy, Japjit, from Sector 38.The accused were identified as Prem Singh, 20, a resident of Kishangarh village, Sandeep Kumar , 26, a resident of Dhanas village, Vishal and Sahil, both residents of Thaska village in Yamunanagar district. However, all four miscreants were arrested on December 1, 2010, only 48 hours after the kid was released by them.After kidnapping Japjit, accused had taken him to Dehradun in a car but released him after receiving a ransom of Rs 3.50 lakh from the victim's father.Worked with pvt firmsThough they had demanded a ransom of Rs 20 lakh, the deal was later settled at Rs 3.50 lakh. They dropped the child near Rose Garden after getting money from near the railway station.Police had also recovered a country-made .315 bore pistol along with a cartridge, Rs 50,000 of the ransom amount and two cars (a Chevrolet Optra and a Maruti Zen), used in the kidnapping.All accused were graduates and were working with private firms including banks and telecom companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15287832", "title": "Blow of faith: Coconuts broken on devotees' heads at Madurai temple festival", "text": "MADURAI: Several devotees came to forward to redeem their vows to their family deities and took part in the coconut-breaking ritual that followed, at a temple festival held in Nilakottai union of Dindigul district on Monday.The devotees, hailing from the Kurumbakundars community consider the village deities in J Uthupatti near Chinnalapatti, Sri Sennappan and Sri Karuppanasamy to be their guardian angles. The annual temple festival, in which people from the community, living in various places like Coimbatore, Tiruchengode, Bangalore and Andhra Pradesh participate, is held during July every year.This year, the celebrations began on Sunday, with thousands of devotees making offerings and special prayers being held in the temple. On Sunday night, the priest Malaiyappan went into a trance and special offerings were made to the deities, after which ghee was poured on the 20-feet high flag post. Later in the night, 51 devotees including about 15 women sat in a long row after taking a bath and waited for the priest to redeem their vows.Jayalakshmi, a devotee said that her daughter had given birth after five years of marriage and hence she was redeeming her vow, by having a coconut broken on her head. While, two persons held the person redeeming the vow, another one identified a spot right in the middle of his or her head and the priest who was handed over the coconut, broke it on the spot without posing any difficulty to the devotees.Sundarajan, a devotee said that if the coconut is broken in half, then it means that the deity has accepted the offering. \"As the people follow many strict rules, like abstaining from eating non-vegetarian food for many days before the festival, they emerge unhurt after the ritual is performed,\" he said.The coconuts, which are broken on the villagers' heads are then taken home as 'prasad'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285303", "title": "Thieves strike gold, again close to a police station", "text": "BANGALORE: In a daring theft, two men broke into Amrapali Fine Jewellers located near MG Square on Kasturba Road and fled with silver articles. The value of the articles lost is estimated to be over Rs 5 lakh though the audit list is yet to reach police.The shop is located just ac8ross the Cubbon Park Police station, which also holds offices of deputy commissioner of police (central), BG Ravikanthe Gowda and assi8stant commissioner of police (Cubbon park ), D Devaraju. Thieves emptied two showcase drawers. However, they took only silver coated with gold. The gold ornaments and diamonds were left untouched. There is a CCTV camera footage of the thieves at work,but of poor video quality. Police said they are studying the footage for more clues.On Sunday night, the store manager closed the shop at the usual time, 7.30pm. The thieves arrived five-and-half-hours later , at about 1am. They used an elevated parking lot near the building and transformer next to it to climb on to the first floor of the building. They moved to the back office through a window at the left of the showroom. Through a hole made in the glass window, they unlocked the window and walked on to recently-built deck of the shop.Dondina TS, the security guard on duty, said though he was outside the shop, he did not hear any sound from anywhere. Pointing at the chair where he claims he was sitting through the night, he said: \"It was a just like any other day yesterday (Sunday). We closed the shop by 7.30pm and all the employees left. I was in front of the jewellery shop all night.\"The workers who were pa8rt of the renovation of the sh8op had also left. The window on the left side of the building was used by the thieves to make entry to the building.WORKERS QUESTIONEDCubbon park police said they are questioning the workers . \"One of the reasons why we are questioning them is that the loc k of the window, thr8ough which the thieves came in, is not visible from outside. Only someone who has seen the window from inside and knows that it gives direct access to the showroom, could ha8ve used it. The precision ho8le made on the glass window suggest that they had pr8ior knowledge of this window,\" said a senior police officer.Not the first timeIt is not a first time thieves pulled off a theft under the cop's nose. On June 24, 2011, a few metres away from the office of the deputy commissioner of police (east), a group of unidentified men decamped with gold jewellery and silver articles worth Rs 25 lakh from a jewellery shop. The burglars cut open the ceiling through an abandoned hotel on top of the shop, and slid down into the store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285912", "title": "NTRO scam: Sub-contracts, services terminated", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's monitoring of the alleged Rs 450-crore scam in the purchase of spyware by National Technical Research Organization (NTRO) appears to have yielded results as the government on Monday said it has cancelled several sub-contracts and terminated services of some officials alleged to have a role in the irregularities.A bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad expressed satisfaction over the progress of the investigations done by the government but asked it to complete the probe by November 19 and file a status report.After perusing the contents of the fresh status report provided in sealed cover, the bench said it would continue monitoring the probe but refused to divulge anything relating to the inquiry saying it involved sensitive information linked to national security.When petitioner V K Mittal's counsel Jayant Bhushan demanded to know the government's reluctance to table the scathing CAG report on the scam in Parliament, the bench said: \"This kind of matters cannot go out. It concerns the security of the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287702", "title": "Bihar to have industrial investment advisory council", "text": "PATNA: In a bid to give a fresh impetus to industrialization in Bihar, the state government has decided to constitute Bihar State Industrial Investment Advisory Council involving top honchos of the industry and trade, economists, local entrepreneurs and officials. The notification regarding the constitution of this council is expected in a day or two.Announcing this on Monday at an open house for the local entrepreneurs called 'Udyami Panchayat', chief minister Nitish Kumar said the office of an investment commissioner would be opened in Mumbai and the council's first conference would be held there. The council, headed by the CM, will have the deputy CM, Sebi chairman UK Sinha, administrators and industries' representatives.\"Before the Mumbai conference, the council's first meeting will be held here soon after the notification is issued. This body will help create a new atmosphere for industrialization,\" the CM said.He said, \"Since a new atmosphere is already in the making and investors are showing their interest in Bihar, I have no hesitation in announcing that a diamond cutting industry will soon be set up here.\"Nitish also announced the strengthening of State Investment Promotion Board and arrangement for online proposals apart from monitoring of the proposals. \"Private investment is very essential as government alone cannot do everything. The local entrepreneurs are doing a fine job and they should also help in inviting entrepreneurs from outside,\" he said.At the meeting, representatives of Bihar Industries Association (BIA), Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC), CII, Mahila Udyog Sangh and other bodies raised various issues and also extended suggestions. The CM appreciated some of the suggestions and said the government would definitely consider those suggestions.Nitish, however, had a piece of suggestion for the entrepreneurs also. \"Seeking government help to some extent is fine, but do not look for crutches as complete dependence is not in your interest,\" he said. He also advised them not to meddle in land-related issues by taking help of 'unscrupulous' elements. With a pinch of warning he said, \"My message is wide and clear, that you should not do anything which weakens your case and let the law enforcing agencies do their job.\"During the meet, noted industrialist SP Sinha, representing the Confederation of Indian Industries, Bihar chapter, said the CII would hold a conclave on health sector in September and a conference on tourism in October here. He also announced the visit of a group of businessmen from the UK to Bihar in September. \"Bihar is growing despite economic slowdown and inflation at national level. To sustain this growth, some out-of-box thinking is needed,\" Sinha said.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said it was a wrong notion that the government was giving more attention to agriculture and disregarding industry, and asserted there was no clash between agriculture and industry.Industry minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha welcomed the entrepreneurs on behalf of her department which hosted the event. Several ministers and top officials and secretaries of different departments were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285651", "title": "14.5% more shares pledged by DC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Just days after the promoters of Deccan Chronicle Holdings (DCHL) pledged 54% of their stake in the company to Future Capital, another 14.5% stake of the company was pledged with Religare Finvest on Monday.In a disclosure to the bourses, Religare Finvest said that a little more than 3.02 crore shares of DCHL \"have been pledged/available in collateral given by the various clients as a security to secure the loan against securities facility\" during the day.This was even as the shares of DCHL continued on their downward spiral, hitting the lower circuit breaker again on Monday and ending at an all-time low of Rs 16.70 on the BSE.While it was not clear if the pledge was created by DCHL promoters or entities and persons close to them, market analysts pointed out that it is typically the promoters or people close to them who are in a position to hold such a huge stake in a company and pledge it to raise funds. \"Such huge stake is not generally held with investors and even if it is held by investors they rarely ever pledge it to raise funds,\" said an analyst.Going by the June 30, 2012, shareholding pattern declared to the bourses, the promoters were holding nearly 74% stake in the company and no shares of the company were pledged as on that day. There was also no other single entity, apart from the promoters, holding more than 6% in the company. This gives a strong indication that the promoter group has pledged the shares.While, Religare Finvest officials refused to offer any further clarity on the disclosure, repeated attempts to reach DCHL promoters failed to elicit response. On Friday, the company's promoters -- T Venkattram Reddy, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer -- had disclosed that a day earlier they had pledged a total 54% stake with Future Capital Holdings to raise money.While the earlier pledge was pegged at a little over Rs 258 crore based on Thursday's closing price of Rs 22.90 on BSE, Monday's Religare Finvest transaction is valued at around Rs 50.5 crore going by the closing price of Rs 16.70 on BSE.Since the time DCHL promoters pledged 54% stake with Future Capital, the value of the stake pledged with the company has gone down by 27% (Rs 70 crore) from 258.4 crore to Rs 188.5 crore.Incidentally, IFCI Limited in its winding up petition filed against the company in Andhra Pradesh High Court over the weekend, has stated that DCHL had liabilities running into thousands of crores that may lead to erosion of its entire networth and make it commercially unviable and insolvent.Less than a week ago the company, which publishes Deccan Chronicle, Financial Chronicle, Asian Age and Andhra Bhoomi and also owns Indian Premier League team Deccan Chargers and bookstore chain Odyssey, had announced the departure of its managing director N Krishnan.Reported to be saddled with huge debt, the company has put its IPL team on the block and has also been defaulting on short-term debt obligations. Last week, a British court also ordered Deccan Chargers and DCHL to pay 10.5 million pounds to former Deccan Chargers' chief executive Tim Wright, who had sued them for breach of employment contract.For the year ended March 2012, the company reported a steep 63% drop in profit after tax to Rs 60.68 crore from Rs 162.58 crore for fiscal ended March 2011 on an 11% decline in net sales to Rs 869.4 crore as against Rs 976.16 crore during the last fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15286732", "title": "Schoolboy shot on way home in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A schoolboy on his way home after tuition became the victim of a gang war in a residential locality in Howrah on Monday evening.The police knew that there was going to be trouble in Shibpur's Dayal Banerjee Road but reacted only after 17-year-old Amit Gupta was shot in the knee by a gangster out to strike terror.The shooting is the latest in a series of shocking crimes in residential areas, indicating how gangsters are brazenly challenging the law.Amit, a Class XI student of Ambika Hindi High School, was following a daily routine when a bullet smashed his kneecap. Anybody could have been shot in the crowded locality and it is a miracle that it wasn't worse.As soon as Amit stepped into his locality, he sensed the tension in the air. He saw some goons lurking around menacingly and made a dash for his home. He had reached his doorstep and had a finger on the calling bell when a shot rang out and he felt a stabbing pain in the knee.He entered his home and collapsed. His family was afraid to step out into the street immediately and had to wait a while before seeking the help of neighbours to take the bleeding boy to Howrah District Hospital. An X-Ray revealed a bullet lodged in his kneecap. Amit was shifted to a private nursing home for surgery later in the evening.What's also shocking is that the police were aware that the miscreants would be in the area in the evening but failed to post a picket. They showed up only after Amit was shot and the gang had vanished.Police are not even sure why the shooting happened. Some say it was had to do with a bout of gambling, others claimed that it was a gang war to grab land.Locals say that trouble was brewing in the area since morning when a gang led by Chitu or Chintu came looking for someone named Sanjay. They did not find him in the neighbourhood and warned that they would be back in the evening.\"Sanjay's parents lodged a complaint with the police and a patrol party arrived in the area in the afternoon. Locals told the policemen about the threat from the gang but the police left without doing anything that would deter the gang. The goons learnt that the residents had complained against them and stormed the locality at 5pm to strike terror. They fired a single shot that hit Amit,\" one of the boy's neighbours said.Police returned to the spot after the incident but the gang was long gone. Locals told the police that they were worried of further violence. This time, officers decided to set up a picket in the area. \"We have started an inquiry and are trying to identify the miscreants,\" said Nishat Pervez, DC (HQ), Howrah City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15284636", "title": "Concern over garbage dump near IAF station", "text": "JAISALMER: Dumping of garbage in open places near the air force station at Bada Bagh in Jaisalmer is a serious threat to fighter planes operating from the station, senior IAF officers have said. Birds keep hovering over the place due to the litter and this can result in accidents, they said.The IAF officers held a meeting with officials of civil administration on Saturday in which villagers of nearby areas also attended. After the meeting, a senior IAF officer said that municipal officials had agreed to dump the garbage nearly 5 km away from the city.Villagers were also requested not to throw garbage and dead animals in the open and instead dump them at a fixed place. Apart from this, air force officers requested the villagers of Moolsagar, Jiyai, Dhavua and Oad Basti near the IAF station to immediately inform the IAF personnel on seeing any suspicious person or activities in villages.On the other hand, municipal commissioner RK Maheshwari said that in future stringent action would be taken in this regard. Sanitation tractor drivers were told not to throw garbage in the open and if they do, then action would be taken against them, he said. Defence spokesman S D Goswami said: \"Garbage clearance on a daily basis in an around air bases is a must for flight safety. Awareness must be created in this regard among general public through civil administration. Any bird hit would be catastrophic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15286638", "title": "Office-goers affected by stationary Metro", "text": "GURGAON: Metro commuters faced a tough time reaching their respective destinations on time, as the Metro services were disrupted after the failure of the Northern Power Grid to supply electricity, on Monday morning. The first train could roll out of HUDA City Center at 8:30am and there was a delay of over 20 minutes between trains. As per schedule, the train services start at 6am. Till about 8:20 am, only 26 six-car trains were inducted into service, to cater the crowd on Line-2 (HUDA City Center-Jahangirpuri). Things were back to normal only after 10 am.\"I left my Mayur Vihar home around 7 am, to reach my office in Gurgaon. I had no idea that the Metro was suspended till I reached the Metro station. It was very chaotic there and I had to hire a taxi in an attempt to reach office on time. Even though I spent Rs 800 to hire a cab, I still reached late as the traffic on the road had swelled by then,\" said Pooja Guha, an MNC employee.There were many who shared the experience. \"I live in Palam Vihar and take the Metro to office, every day. There was a huge crowd outside the MG Road Metro station and no one was sure on when the metro service would resume. I waited till 8:45am and finally a Metro arrived, but it was too crowded. However, I took it and reached my office in Nehru Place,\" said Richa Sharma, a banker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286828", "title": "Water meters in New Town", "text": "KOLKATA: The New Town Kolkata Development Authority (NKDA) has decided to install water meters in Rajarhat New Town before ensuring the drinking water supply. Talk of putting the cart before the horse. It has also decided to introduce day and night parking fees in the township.NKDA officials say they are setting up water meters in all commercial, residential and institutional buildings to check how much water is being consumed and how much wasted. \"The meters will be installed to check the flow of water. It will take some time for the process to be completed,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen. The authority will maintain and operate the water meters.This will help them calculate how much water the township will need. NKDA is supplying underground water to residential and commercial complexes now and is yet to start a piped supply system. A 120-million-gallon-per-day water treatment plant is coming up in Rajarhat which will take water from the Ganga, treat it and supply it to the entire township through 70-inch-wide pipelines. Neighbouring Salt Lake and areas of South Dum Dum municipality will also get water from this treatment plant.The officials want to streamline the parking of vehicles in New Town. They have observed that a large number of vehicles enter the township daily and are parked haphazardly on the roadsides all day. This often inconveniences residents. NKDA has decided to introduce parking fees in New Town, which will not only bring order to the parking system but also generate revenue. The car parking zones will be earmarked by Hidco and NKDA. All vehicles will have to pay the fee.There will be different rates for day and night parking. During the day, it's Rs 5 per hour for two-wheelers, Rs 10 for cars and vans and Rs 20 for mini-buses, buses and trucks. The monthly day parking fees for two-wheelers will be Rs 600, for cars and vans Rs 1,200 and for heavier vehicles Rs 1,500.Night parking rates (10pm to 7am) will be higher. - Rs 10 per hour for two-wheelers, Rs 30 for cars and vans and Rs 60 for mini-buses, buses and trucks. The monthly rate will be Rs 1,000 for two-wheelers, Rs 600 for cars and vans and Rs 1,200 for heavier vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15287121", "title": "Bakeries welcome move to ensure hygiene in eateries", "text": "KOCHI: While the recent statewide raids in hotels and restaurants may not have gone down too well with the Kerala Hotel and Restaurant Association, which even went on a strike in protest, the move has been welcomed by the Bakers Association Kerala (Bake).\"We welcome the steps taken by food safety officers and local bodies for ensuring hygiene in restaurants,\" Bake president P M Sankaran said on Monday.Meanwhile, in an effort to ensure that all bakeries maintain a hygienic environment as well as serve quality food, the association will launch a month-long awareness programme \u2014 Shuchitvam Mahatvam \u2014 for bakery owners. As part of the move, bakeries in the state will also introduce an open kitchen facility from August 1, allowing customers to observe the preparation of bakery products.Sankaran added that they would ask bakeries to shut shop if they were found violating sanitation norms and regulations. \"Instead of waiting for raids and inspections, such bakeries should voluntarily close down for a short period and reopen only after they improve the facilities and comply with the norms,\" he said.However, though kept outside the ambit of raids carried out in hotels, bakers across the state recorded a 50% dip in sales. The association blamed it on irresponsible local bodies that created adverse publicity against well-organized food outlets. \"Some officials are trying to establish that serving stale food is a general practice followed by all hotels, which is not justifiable,\" said Sankaran. Bake members have recommended that only properly trained officials are sent for inspections or raids.Bakeries in the state will introduce an open kitchen facility from August 1, which will allow customers to observe preparation of bakery products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15290107", "title": "Varadhi next schedule from Aug 2nd week", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas will resume shooting for his upcoming love and family entertainer Varadhi (tentatively titled) from August 2nd week. The unit will film scenes on Prabhas and Anushka and Richa Gangopadhyay in this schedule in Hyderabad and are likely to shoot a song in Pollachi.Varadhi has completed 50% of the shooting and Prabhas will join the sets after wrapping up a song shoot for Rebel in Annapurna Studios. V. Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati are producing this film under UV creations banner. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for the film.Directed by debutant Koratala Shiva, Varadhi hinges on the interplay of emotions and action and the film is about the nexus between Prabhas and the two hearts that he's trying to bond forms the crux of the story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287404", "title": "A day after slum fire, residents seek a permanent solution", "text": "CHENNAI: Radhika, 12, tightly clutched her sketch book, the only one she managed to salvage from the charred remains of her house in Ambedkar Colony in Jafferkhanpet. The colourful Mickey Mouse she had painted smiled back at her. Tears welled up in her eyes. \"My books and uniform are all gone,\" she said, standing in front of a wall layered with thick black soot.Behind her, Selvan, a Class 8 student, was hitting what seemed like the roof of his house with an iron rod. When it caved in, he cried out loud, \"My parents lived in this house for more than 20 years. I was born here. Now, I have lost everything.\"This was the scene a day after a massive fire ripped through a slum tenement near Udayam theatre in Ashok Nagar, leaving nearly 600 families homeless. The cause of the blaze is yet to be ascertained. With no books or uniforms, many children skipped school on Monday. Adults, mostly daily wage labourers, decided to give work a miss as they tried to salvage what they could from the remains of the slum.Half-burnt groceries, plastic containers, vessels and clothes were all strewn around. Even the soil had turned black with soot. Vidulai Chiruthaigal Katchi MP Thirumavalaman consoled the slum dwellers. \"It's not the first fire in this area. Similar accidents have occurred in 1992, 1996 and 2001. They need a permanent concrete structure,\" he said, amidst rising voices of anger and sorrow.West Mambalam tashildar Abid Hussain said around 598 families were affected by the fire and the government was providing Rs 5,000 to each of them. \"Arrangements have been made for temporary lodging at MGR Nagar School. The Slum Clearance Board is working out plans to allot house for them,\" he said.But residents weren't convinced. \"We have been living here for 25 years now. We were promised permanent houses at Thoraipakkam and Chemmenchery several times. Nothing has happened,\" said Noorjahan, who works as a domestic maid. Her husband Munusamy, a daily wage labourer said, \"We were given food and shelter last night but we do not want to leave our place or we will lose what ever is left. They don't serve food here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286305", "title": "Truck driver remanded in cop custody for raping minor", "text": "NASHIK: A local court here remanded Yogesh Ramdas Khade (22) resident of Dahale Vasti, Trimbakeshwar in seven-days' police custody on Monday for the rape and murder of seven-year-old girl on Saturday night.Khade, a truck driver, was picked up by the Panchvati police on Sunday from his residence in a slum at Adgaon Naka, in connection with the crime. In a complaint filed by police sub inspector J Y Kuvare of Panchavati police station, Khade is accused of raping the girl near the garbage depot, before choking her to death and dumping her body in a puddlenear the garbage depot.The accused allegedly took the girl away from her house at the slum o pposite Vijay Nagar in the Adgaon Naka area, under the pretext of taking her to the play ground there. According to the police, the truck driver was a family friend as the father of the victim was a cleaner on the same truck which the accused drove. Hence, he often frequented the victim's house.On Saturday evening, the girl who was playing outside her house, suddenly disappeared. Her parents as well as the neighbouring people of the area combed the entire area, but she could not be found.Her body was later found near the garbage depot. when a few boys had been there to play.Soon after the boys saw the body they reported the matter to some youths there, who then rushed to the incident spot and informed the police. On reaching the incident spot, the police prima facie found that the victim was raped and choked to death.Further investigations revealed that the girl was sighted with Yogesh Khade., a driver on a truck of a transport company.Subsequently, the accused was nabbed from his residence.According to the police, the accused was seen at the incident spot as well as washing his clothes in the morning. Further, despite residing near the victim's house and also acquainted with her family he did not attempt to search the girl, when everyone in the adjoining area were spread out in different areas in search of the girl.Not satisfied with the answers the accused gave over his whereabouts, the Panchavati police held him as the prime suspect. The Panchavati police said that the girl was studying in class I in an NMC school.There were reports that the accused has cases of vehicle theft registered against him in Igatpuri. The victim's father is a labourer, while her mother takes up domestic works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15290225", "title": "Curchorem civic body cracks down on illegalities", "text": "MARGAO: The Curchorem-Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) has embarked on a drive against plastic carry-bags, illegal encroachment and sale of gutkha within the city.The drive commenced on Monday following a two-day intensive campaign led by the chairperson Jasmine Braganza and chief officer Agnelo Fernandes.On Friday, the MMC team went round the market advising traders against stocking plastic bags below 40 microns and packing commodities for their customers in such bags. The CCMC warned them of taking action as per the provisions of law if they failed to stop using such plastic bags by July 30.Goa was among the first states to curb the plastic menace through the Goa Non-Biodegradable Garbage (Control) Act, 1996. In 2002, the Goa government decided to raise the limit to 100 microns, but bowed to pressures and settled for a standard of 40 microns. Initially, enforcement was strict but then turned lax.The CCMC has also taken a tough stand against encroachments on footpaths and public passages.As regards the illegal sale of gutkha, the MMC team urged the traders not to stock gutkha sachets in their units considering the ill-effects of gutkha consumption on one's health. They were warned that strict action will be taken against those found selling gutkha clandestinely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287850", "title": "Stray dog bites 8 in Sec 38", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A stray dog went berserk and bit four kids and four adults on Monday afternoon. The incident took place in Sector 38-C. The dog first attacked a 7- year-old school kid, but when a woman who was passing by threw a stone at him, he bit another kid. The children studying at a private school were dropped by rickshaw puller and were on their way home, when the incident took place.Dammy Grover, a resident of Sector 38-C, whose nephew was attacked by the dog told TOI, The dog first attacked my nephew but when a women who was passing by threw a stone at him, he bit another child. After that the dog bit six more persons, including a vendors daughter. I immediately called my municipal councillor for help. Area councillor Arun Sood said, I called up the officials concerned following which the municipal corporation employees caught the dog. I am going to raise this issue at Tuesdays house meeting.Though the stray dog menace in the city has been rising, the civic body authority has failed to come up with any plan to curb it. It has even failed to implement the dog bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15287565", "title": "Lifeguards rescue 5 desi tourists off Baga river", "text": "CALANGUTE: Five persons, including two minors, were rescued from drowning by lifeguards at Baga on Sunday afternoon.According to the release issued by Drishti Special Response Service, a 16-year-old girl and her nine-year-old brother, both from Delhi, were swimming at the Baga river mouth around 1.45pm.Lifeguards keeping a watch from the tower close to the spot, noticed that as a group of men, swimming in the same area, began approaching the brother-sister duo, the latter ventured further into the water. They were consequently caught in a rip current.Seeing the duo struggle, the men also swam further into the water in an attempt to rescue the youngsters. In the process, Ravinder Singh from Gurgaon, K Subramnayam from Villivakkam and George Sgaoadoss from Chennai got caught in the rip current as well.Lifeguards rushed into the water with rescue tubes and brought all five safely to the shore using jet-skis.As the five had not suffered any injuries they were released to their family members. The group of men, it is reported, had consumed alcohol.The lifeguards who rescued the five are Vithal Chorlekar, Vasant Gawas, Shekhar Gawas, Anand Gaonkar, Raj Shetye and Narayan Goyekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287503", "title": "What action should be taken to prevent stray cattle menace on Goan roads?", "text": "Stray cattle sit on the roads as the tar helps to keep them warm. But this can cause many accidents as it disrupts the smooth flow of traffic. Therefore, court orders have to be followed and stray cattle have to be seized by the panchayats and municipalities and kept in cow sheds which have been built on court directions. Unfortunately, the panchayats and municipalities are not doing so due to shortage of staff. So, it is very important to recruit extra staff to seize stray cattle, especially during night times. Besides this, a committee should be appointed to inspect how many such cowsheds are used to keep cows in them and how many are being used to park vehicles in them.Surel Tilvedirector, animal rescue squad, PondaIt is well known that cattle moving on the roads are owned by people in the area. If any of these animals die on the roads due to accidents or are picked up by people, the owners come running to claim compensation. So owners should prevent their cattle from going out and becoming a nuisance to others, by keeping them in sheds. Authorities should also ensure that cattle are branded as it becomes easy to identify the owner. Such stray animals must then be seized and fines should be imposed on owners.Aaron Fernandessecy of Chameleon Wildlife Organization, SiolimStray cattle are definitely a menace on Goan roads. These animals should be impounded immediately and if the owners can be traced they should be fined heavily. These animals can be very dangerous and are responsible for many fatal road accidents. However, authorities should forewarn people before implementing any strict action.Robin BarrosBanker, MargaoI am really unhappy and angry with the existence of this menace as it is the cause of many fatalities. Only a month back, a friend met with an accident involving stray cattle that left him in a coma and led to another's death. First and foremost, these stray cattle are not really stray as they are owned by people in the locality. The government should take very serious action against these owners by undertaking a survey with help from the local bodies like municipalities, panchayats etc. Mass awareness programmes should be undertaken by using the media.Jayram DesaiVeterinary consultant, Curchorem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287849", "title": "No sight of external panel yet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has been a week since the fact-finding committee formed by the PGI to inquire into the cause of death and line of treatment of Anupama Sarkar was formed. The report documented overcrowding as the reason for the death and agreed to constitute an external committee on July 28. However delay tactics are still on as no names have been provided of either the experts or the agency which will review the internal report. Anupama had died at the PGI on July 24. Neither have Anupamas parents been intimated about the internal committees report nor have they been asked to join the external committees investigation.The director had assured that her parents will also be a part of the external committees probe. However Amit Sarkar, Anupamas father said, We have no copy of the report submitted by the PGI. Also, we have not been contacted by the PGI about the external committee.Moreover, Anupamas death has also put the spotlight on the institutes flawed process of promoting doctors who are not selected on the basis of merit. The PGI had approached the Union ministry of health and family welfare to plead the case of Pappus who could not clear promotion assessment interview and asked for another chance. Where these failed doctors have been granted a second chance, medical errors and delay in treatment are obvious, said Aparna Ghosh, a resident of Sector 11.Nineteen faculty members in PGI were declined promotion last year. An expert committee headed by secretary of the department of health research, Government of India, had refused promotions to them on the basis of fewer publications and grants. In fact research work on clinical studies and case studies cited, reflect how serious are doctors about their profession. That is the reason these criteria are essential for promotions. Where mediocrity rules over merit such cases are bound to rise, said a faculty from the PGI.According to PGIs official spokesperson, the names of the panel have not been decided. The director is outstation and as soon as he will be back, the panels constitution will be announced, said Manju Wadwalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15284861", "title": "Youths take up choppers to kill for pair of jeans", "text": "BANGALORE: Many young men took part in a brutal killing and got a pair of jeans and a T-shirt for it. Investigation into the hacking of BEML Krishnappa in Nelamangala last week revealed that killers hired young men to be part of the attackers to confuse cops.\"These men were not from the original team, but their numbers were deliberately increased. Many of the youths were told they had to join the group and help the real attackers. Some of them didn't know they were actually killing Krishnappa. They were told Krishnappa would be beaten up,\" investigating officers told TOI.Nelamangala police on Monday arrested 12 alleged assailants who hacked 55-year-old Krishnappa alias BEML Krishnappa to death last week. The main accused are Muniraj alias Machchu Muniya, Govinda alias Govindaraju, Shiva alias Shivakumar, Ananda, Shiva alias Jamba Shiva, Wonder Ravi, Praveen and Umesh. \"We're still searching for the mastermind Bettanagere Seena. All the arrested are his associates and many are facing criminal charges,\" a senior police officer said.Prime suspect Bettanagere Seena was shot and injured inside Mysore prison in March 2011. \"An undertrial shot Seena using a countrymade revolver. Seena survived but the bullet pierced his left shoulder,\" sources said. Seena had vowed to kill BEML Krishnappa as he thought Krishnappa had masterminded the attack.\"Seena is well known for his planning. He seems to have arranged a big team to confuse cops,\" an investigating officer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286464", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express fire: It takes Mukul Roy 12 hours to head for Andhra", "text": "KOLKATA: More than 12 hours after the horrific train blaze, railway minister Mukul Roy was still in Kolkata because of poor connectivity to Nellore. But all the delay did was to trigger afresh the buzz about the Trinamool leader spending more time with his party's CM in Bengal than in New Delhi.\"The first available flight to Chennai from Kolkata is at 3 p.m. I am taking that. I have asked the senior officials to rush to the spot,\" Roy told reporters in Kolkata.A section of officials at the Railway Board believe Roy's absence from Delhi is affecting performance of the huge rail operation and some indicated that it would certainly help taking quick decisions if the top man was in office. In the last month, Roy has been in New Delhi for 13 days and that too because his leader Mamata Banerjee was in and out of the capital for negotiations on the presidential election.\"One should see the activity that takes place at Rail Bhavan when the minister is in office. If the minister is not present, the atmosphere is more casual. Had it been so easy to run a ministry by remote, most Union ministers would have preferred to spend time in their own states,\" said a rail official.Another official pointed out that Roy is taking his political portfolio as All India General Secretary of the Trinamool Congress more seriously than his position as railway minister. \"He is moving around West Bengal with Mamata Banerjee. Recently, he spent a few days in north Bengal with the Bengal chief minister. Soon after his return, he went to Bolpur and Burdwan. During such trips, it would have made a lot of difference had he interacted with railway officials more instead of accompanying Mamata everywhere,\" he said.Roy has no satisfactory answer to this perception. He believes that the huge operations require appropriate technology to avert accidents. \"We run nearly 20,000 trains over 67,000 route km. There are nearly 8,000 stations. The situation is such that even a single error can cause a major accident. Our officers have prepared detailed project reports and I have spoken to the Prime Minister for release of funds that will be required for technology upgradation. This is the only way to prevent accidents. We shall get to know of his decision in the next few days after which the Planning Commission will have to clear the projects,\" he said. However, the railway minister gave no deadline for the technology upgrade.Roy is no exception. Even Mamata Banerjee as railway minister between 2009 and 2011 spent more time preparing for the assembly elections than at Rail Bhavan.During his first interaction with the media in Kolkata after taking over as railway minister, Roy had said that it didn't matter whether he spent more time in Kolkata or Delhi. \"What matters is whether I am doing my work or not,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286244", "title": "All India Student Association seeks action against eve-teasers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The activists of the All India Student Association (AISA) protested at the Arts campus of Allahabad University on Monday against the incident wherein a student leader was beaten up by some students when he objected to eve-teasing on the campus on Saturday last.AISA activists took out a protest rally on the campus. Carrying placards and posters, they demanded action against the alleged eve-teasers who beat up the student leader.AISA activists also shouted slogans against university administration for failing to take action against the students involved in Saturday incident. The protesters also met chief proctor Prof Mata Amber Tewari and demanded his intervention in the issue. The proctor told them that action would be taken against anyone indulging in eve-teasing on the campus.Meanwhile, the proctor office in a press release stated that university will start I-card checking drive on the campus and in case students have not got their I-cards, then should carry the latest fee receipt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "15286310", "title": "On Udham Singh martyrdom day, promises remain unkept", "text": "SANGRUR: Promises take the centre stage on every martyrdom day of legendary Udham Singh on July 31, but these always remain unfulfilled.Promises about a museum and art gallery, a chair in university, a park, turning the place into a model town, bringing back the belongings of martyr from London and Multan were made in the past, but not to be kept.Only a bronze statue has come up in the town, which has been named after the martyr. Udham Singh was hanged on July 31, 1940.Situated in densely populated Peelbad mohalla (locality), the ancestral birthplace of Udham Singh is still a neglected place, though some repairs were carried out in the last few months, sources said. Flooring, ceiling flooring, water supply and sewerage fittings are also yet to be undertaken, despite money lying unspent in state coffers, they said.\"Every year, as July 31 draws near, the small house wears a new coat of paint but nobody has ever tried to properly preserve the place of historical importance\", said town resident Visakha Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286354", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to examine water-filtration system", "text": "NASHIK: After a debate during the general body meeting (GBM) of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Monday over the use of poly aluminium chloride (PAC) in its water filtration plants on grounds that it was a health hazard, the NMC has decided to examine its use.The proposal to purchase 2,500 metric tonnes of liquid alum amounting to Rs 1.59 crore in water filtrations plants in the city was tabled at the meeting on Monday.Corporators accused the NMC administration of giving tenders to a particular contractor only. They also slammed the administration for not reducing the quantity in the proposal as around 700 metric tonnes of liquid alum had already been purchased before.Approving the proposal to purchase liquid alum, mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"The approval is being given to purchase liquid alum by reducing the quantity which the water department purchased recently under municipal commissioner's power.\" He also directed the NMC administration to invite the tender at state level to get competitive rates.Wagh instructed the civc administration to also heed the advice of experts on the use of PAC and its reports at the next GBM.\"Two months of monsoon have already passed and the proposal to purchase liquid alum is being pushed only now by the administration so that it could be approved on grounds of public health. The terms and conditions for the purchase of liquid alum is made by the administration only keeping a specific contractor in mind. On the contrary, Thane, Mumbai and Pune municipal corporations are using poly aluminium Chloride (PAC) for water filtration. Pune municipal corporation (PMC) uses 70% PAC and 30% liquid alum. At this juncture, why is the NMC administration is pushing for the purchase of liquid alum instead of using PAC for water filtration?\" asked Gurumit Bagga an independent member.R K Pawar, superintending engineer, water supply department of NMC said, \"Around 350 to 390 million litres of water is supplied to the city per day and we require around 2,200 metric tonnes of liquid alum a year. This year, we have given the proposal of purchasing 2,500 metric tonnes of liquid alum. We have already purchased 700 metric tonnes of liquid alum through tenders as per the rights of the municipal commissioner. But this quantity will be reduced from purchasing quantities of the present proposal.\"\"We had used PAC for water filtration around five six years ago, but the resolution to stop the use of PAC on ground of health hazard had been passed at that time at the GBM. But, advice of experts in this connection will be taken,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "15287816", "title": "Fishermen all set to begin new season of fishing", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: With the fishing ban period ending on Tuesday midnight, fishing hamlets in the western coast of Kanyakumari district were abuzz with activities on Monday, as the fishermen began leaving for Kerala. The fishermen will reach their boats, which were sent for maintenance works in Kochi, Kollam, Munambam and Calicut on Tuesday to make final preparations to leave on Wednesday morning.As many as 800 boats and 50,000 fishermen of 47 fishing hamlets in Kanyakumari district have kept away from the seas after the fishing ban was implemented from June 14. They spent 45 days of quality time with their families arranging marriage and family functions, attending festivals and going on pilgrimages. The entire coastal villages came alive during these days as the men were present in the villages. However, with the men going back into the seas for the new fishing season, there were moments of both joy and sorrow for the family members. While the families bid adieu to their members, the eager youth partied on the previous night, bidding farewell to their friends.Among the crew members of the boats, few of them had already left for Kerala to prepare the boats by loading them with ice and ration. The remaining crew start from the villages on Monday evening. \"We have spent good time at home and we are waiting to venture the sea. We are expecting the good season ahead with good catch,\" says Eugine of Colachel. The fishermen also said that they have lots of works to do upon reaching the boats. \"We will make the final preparations on Tuesday and ensure that the boats are ready for sailing. We will invite priests from the church to bless our boats and fishing gear. We will also seek divine blessings and providence,\" Miller, another fisherman said.The habit of spendthrift will drive most of the fishermen penniless at the end of the fishing ban and it's very natural they expect the fishing season, say the villagers. \"Many would borrow money for family functions and marriages expecting that they will make it up during the fishing season but things are changing with poor catch in the last few years,\" says V Rabel of Rajakkamangalamthurai. \"We are not able to predict the catch after the 2004 tsunami and sea wealth is fast eroding due to international fishing vessels operating in the region though fishing ban is in place,\" he pointed out.Almost all the fishing boats will leave the fishing harbours in Kerala for the first time as they are anchored there for maintenance works. \"After the ban period ends, the boats will venture from Kerala for the first time and return to their bases in the coming days after venturing the sea\", L Wilfred, a boat owner from Colachel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15284811", "title": "It's a defunct and headless BDA", "text": "BANGALORE: For 10 days in a row, businessman Puttaraj MA, has been visiting the BDA office. All he wants to know is when will Visweswaraiah Layout, where he owns a site, get basic amenities. Forget getting his queries addressed, there has been no one to even listen to him.For hundreds of site owners who come to the BDA headquarters on T Chowdaiah Road daily, the only answer they get is \"commissioner illa (commissioner is not there)\". In fact, the security guards turn away people even before they enter the building. The Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) has been dysfunctional for some months now.After transferring Bharat Lal Meena, the government appointed Pradeep Singh Kharola as the BDA commissioner. But even before Kharola could get accustomed to his new role, he was moved as the principal secretary to the chief minister, leaving the civic agency headless.Every Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, the BDA commissioner attends public grievances in his office. But no such meetings have been conducted in the last fortnight. \"Our commissioner has been transferred. But he is yet to hand over the charges. He comes to office every morning and then leaves for his office of new posting. We have not had public meeting him at his office for two weeks now.The new commissioner is yet to be appointed,\" a BDA spokesperson told TOI.\"BDA secretary and other senior officials have little powers. Those who come to meet the commissioner end up meeting the secretary or other officers but they can't offer solutions to their problems. The government has neglected the institution despite controversial cases of allotment of sites under G category and denotification issues,\" said BM Shivakumar, an RTI activist and a resident of Kengeri, who visited BDA on Monday with other residents from the area.\"We live in Kengeri satellite town and have issues with the Hosakere lake. Assuring the lake would be resurrected, former CM BS Yeddyurappa, and Yeshwantpur MLA Shobha Karandlaje had directed the BDA to do so in 2008. The water body has dried up and is now a dumpyard and breeding ground for mosquitoes. The BBMP says the lake comes under BDA, but the BDA seems to be least bothered it. Today we came to meet the commissioner, but in vain,\" said Avinash M, a resident of Kengeri satellite town.HC STRICUTRES\"If you do piece meal job, you will be in trouble.\" \"You are suffering from multi-organ disorder.\" \"You are Bangalore Destroy authority...\" These are among some of the recent observations made by the high court regarding the BDA and its functioning.In a recent hearing on the PIL that challenged the land acquisition pattern of Kempegowda Layout, the HC said \"Like smoke-free zones, there should be corruption-free zones at all these offices.\"The BDA, which is supposed to be the architect of Greater Bangalore, has slowed down in its activities due to its alleged delay, lack of expertise and lack of public consultation in its work.Be it the objections given for comprehensive development plan of 2015 or the denotification of sites in Arkavathy layout or the problems in issuance of compensation to the farmers in Bangalore North for giving away their land for formation of peripheral ring road project, Fed up, citizens are now mulling to move the HC.Projects in limboBDA layouts awaiting sanctions and completion thousands of site owners who put all their savings for that dream home in various BDA layouts and are awaiting the civic agencies approval to commence construction, incomplete road projects..*Arkavathy Layout: 8818 site allottees waiting to take possession of their sites. Farmers of villages like Byrathikhane, Jakkur, Sri Rampura have been waiting for compensation for over five years now.*Nadaprabhu Kempegowda Layout near Kengeri: Preliminary notification to acquire 4,814 acres, 15 guntas issued in May 2008. Sites yet to be allotted, acquisition process going on.*Dr Shivaram Karanth Layout on Doddaballapur Road: Preliminary Notification to acquire 3,546 acres, 12 guntas issued in January 2009. Acquisition process under progress.*Cabinet approval has been accorded for the formation Devaraja Urs Layout, Nijalingappa Layout, KC Reddy Layout, but work yet to be taken up on ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287507", "title": "Why Goa mining in UK? Vedanta a Brit corp: Carmen Miranda", "text": "PANAJI: Justifying the raising of Goa's mining issue and environmental degradation caused by it in the United Kingdom Parliament, Carmen Miranda of the Save Goa Campaign said the biggest company producing ore in the state is owned by Vedanta, a British corporation.\"This point should be stressed upon in case people wonder why British MPs have been approached about mining in Goa,\" Miranda stated. Reacting to a TOI exclusive on the tabling of an early date motion in the UK Parliament by British MP John McDonnell, supported by nine other MPS, including an Indian-origin lawmaker, Virendra Sharma , BJP St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh raised a protest in the Goa assembly.The motion called on the British government to urge the Goa government to initiate various measures, including capping of mining activity, to prevent further damage to the environment.Miranda said the more important issue is of human rights, which are seamless and universal. \"They are above sovereign governments and business and political interests,\" she said. The intensive mining activity has leached manganese in Selaulim waters, silted fields and rivers impacting the livelihoods of farmers and fishermen. \"In fact, it is a case of human rights, which have been inflicted by mining on the people of Goa, the majority of whom suffer in silence,\" Miranda said.Further, Miranda who recently put up a Save Goa Campaign stall to highlight the environmental damage caused by mining at the annual Goan British festival in UK, pointed out that John McDonnell represents many thousands of Goans who live in his constituency in London .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15287495", "title": "Motorists find newer ways to evade cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Till July 30, the traffic police have penalized 7,389 drunk motorists, but given the rise in accidents, those driving under the influence of alcohol seem to find newer ways to dodge policemen manning streets.According to a senior officer , people have started going to the lengths of using social networking sites to alert their friends about policemen's nakabandis set up at different points of the city to nab drunk motorists. He admitted that though the traffic police had been conducting checks at newer spots, but it was not possible for them to catch every person driving drunk; the number of such offenders far outnumbered those penalized , he said.\"Motorists should realize that whatever we are doing is to protect the lives of people. They should act more responsibly,\" additional commissioner of police (traffic) Brijesh Singh said.Of the 7,389 motorists penalized, 2,985 were sentenced to simple imprisonment and the licences of 2,468 were suspended. The rest were let off after slapped with fines.The officer said in an effort to ensure safety for everyone on roads, families, friends and commercial establishments like hotels and bars should come forward to stop people from taking to wheels after a few rounds of drinks. \"It's for their own safety. During New Year's celebrations, we had instructed all such establishments to request their patrons not to drive their vehicles drunk. Our effort paid off to some extent as not a single serious accident was reported that day,\" Singh said. He suggested that NGOs should also help the police spread awareness among people.The police have also put up hoardings at different places, alerting residents about the dangers of drunk driving. \"We are not doing all this for our betterment, but for society. Those driving drunk are not only compromising their own safety but they are also putting others' lives at risk. They should realize the seriousness of the offence,\" an officer said. \"We don't feel happy about penalizing motorists, our only concern is to control drunk driving accidents that claim lives.\" He added that people should remember that if they were convicted of causing death for being drunk at the wheel, they could end up spending 10 years in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286831", "title": "District food controller shunted in wheat scam", "text": "KOLKATA: The food and civil supplies department on Monday transferred South 24-Parganas district food controller Swarup Mandal in connection with the seizure of 4,500 quintals wheat, ready to be smuggled out to Bangladesh on Saturday. The grains were meant for people below the poverty line (BPL). State food and civil supply minister Jyotipriya Mullick said: \"The transfer is meant for a free and fair probe into the scam. The controller has been transferred to headquarters.\"Interrogating the master of the Bangladeshi ship, Al Khan Jahan Ali II, enforcement branch officers have learnt that the same ship was used five times before to smuggle out food grain to Bangladesh. Food department officials are checking what kind of food grain was smuggled to Bangladesh. Earlier on Saturday, the city police enforcement branch busted the subsidized food grain smuggling racket by seizing 4,500 quintals of wheat worth Rs 60 lakh at Kolkata Port, hours before it was being smuggled to Bangladesh on this vessel. \"Prima facie, we have found that a section of Food Corporation of India (FCI) officials are involved in the scam. Our six-member investigation committee headed by food commissioner S M Baba has already started the probe. We will share our probe report with the highest authority of FCI, so that action can be taken against the guilty officials,\" Mullick added.However, the FCI tried to wash their hands off. Reacting to the media reports, the FCI general manager Ajit K Sinha said, \"The function of FCI is limited to the receipt of allotment and release of the food grains based on the indent received from the district controller (food) of the state for further distribution through PDS. FCI has no responsibility of the stocks after the release from its depot.\"According to Sinha, on July 27, FCI delivered 1005 MT of wheat against BPL and Antyoday (AAY) allocations to district controller (food), South 24-Parganas, from FCI Orient Jute Mill Depot, Budge Budge. The acknowledgement of the receipt indicated the quantity delivered to the district controller. The log book regarding the movement of trucks is also maintained at the depot.So, only a part of the delivery was loaded on the Bangladeshi vessel. Where is the rest of the food grain? Mullick, however, categorically said: \"The release of the consignment from the FCI depot has to be done under the supervision of the food inspector. But there was no inspector at the time of delivery. It is a serious flaw on the part of the FCI and the flourmill. Both the FCI and the flourmill should have waited for the inspector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285127", "title": "Power crisis to go from bad to worse: Shobha", "text": "BANGALORE: There's no light in the power front yet. People who are already reeling under drought for the second consecutive year have to brace up for more dark days. The state government on Monday cautioned about imminent power crisis in the coming days due to the depleting reservoir levels.\"We are facing the worst drought. Water storage at our reservoirs is very poor. If it does not rain in a month's, the situation will go from bad to worse,'' energy minister Shobha Karandlaje told the legislative council in response to a question by DS Veeraiah (BJP).The water level has receded in the Lingamakki, Mani and Supa reservoirs. The Linganamakki reservoir has just 30 tmcft of water, while it had 80 tmcft the corresponding time last year.Compounding the problem is the increase in the consumption by 24% compared to the last year and difficulties in getting power from outside. The drastic increase in borewells due to drought is one of the reasons for the increased consumption. \"We do not get free power corridor to import power from other grids,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15284543", "title": "Sawai Man Singh (SMS) medical college resident doctors create ruckus on RUHS campus", "text": "JAIPUR: Resident doctors of Sawai Man Singh (SMS) medical college created a ruckus at the Rajasthan University of Health Science (Ry.UHS) demanding change in PG examination pattern on MondaThey allegedly damaged a channel gate while trying to forcefully enter the vice-chancellor's room. The police said that they broke a channel gate of RUHS premises.The police called PCR vans and additional policemen from other police stations to restore law and order at RUHS. Sanganer ACP Rajesh Meel also reached the spot. Meel said, \"Around 150 resident doctors gathered at RUHS demanding re-evaluation of PG exams conducted recently. But, as the RUHS council meeting was scheduled at the same time, the police tried to stop them but they forcefully tried to enter the V-C's room. However, RUHS has not registered any complaint against the doctors yet.\"On the other hand, the resident doctors alleged a policeman, who was drunk, misbehaved with them. They also gave a written complaint to the RUHS V-C saying that a policeman was drunk on duty and misbehaved with them by by slapping a doctor.Jaipur Association of Resident Doctors (JARD) president Dr Prahlad Dhakar said, \"We have not damaged any part of the RUHS. We have come here for our demands, not to create any problem. We have been protesting peacefully for a long time as resident doctors are suffering because of the new exam pattern. Moreover, we tried not to disturb the emergency and OPD wards of SMS hospital.\"A medical examination of the policeman was done. Meel said the report came out negative.The resident doctors demanding the old exam pattern, have given RUHS seven days' time to change the existing pattern, which was introduced this year only.Doctors also said the new pattern wasn't in line with the rules of Medical Council of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "15289447", "title": "Five from West Bengal held with Rs 1.5 lakh fake notes", "text": "BHARUCH: Special operations group (SOG) of Bharuch police busted a five-member gang for circulating fake currency notes in the religious fair at Jhagadia town in the district.Police also recovered fake currency notes worth Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 3.86 lakh Indian currency from the five persons, all natives of Malda district of West Bengal .Those arrested are Habibullah Sheikh (19), Mohammad Razikul Sheikh (19), Mohammad Arif Sheikh (21), Nasimulha Sheikh (23) and Hajikula Sheikh (32). Interestingly, Habibullah, who is just 19, is said to be the mastermind of the racket.\"We got a tip-off from some locals in Jhagadia that Habibullah was circulating fake currency at Gumandev temple fair on Saturday night,\" said Gautam Parmar, Bharuch superintendent of police.The investigation has been handed to senior police inspector of SOG DD Sodha. \"In the preliminary investigation, accused have confessed that an agent from Bangladesh gave Habibullah fake Indian currency of six lakh. Habibullah came to Jhagadia on July 26 and started working as a labourer in Jhagadia GIDC. All five were staying in a rented house at Dadheda village,\" said Parmar.A local court granted police 10 days remand of the accused.Sodha told TOI that on Sunday night police raided the village and booked 20 house owners who rented their houses to the migrants without intimating local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284816", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation may now go in for cloud-seeding", "text": "MUMBAI: With lake levels not promising enough due to the rains largely playing truant, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will continue with its 10% water cut and review the situation at the civic standing committee meeting on Wednesday.The civic body also plans to rope in the Israeli-based Mekorot for its technological expertise in cloud-seeding. This was announced at the general body meeting on Monday, when corporators cut across party lines and complained about an acute water shortage, especially in areas like Kurla and Gilbert Hill in Andheri (W).Dilip Lande (MNS) said from 2007-2011, the civic body had spent Rs 940 crore on leakages, with no marked improvement in the situation in Andheri (W). Manisha Choudhary (BJP) said the BMC should make a provision for corporators to utilize their funds for rainwater harvesting schemes in societies.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"The water situation is a cause for concern. We have water that will last for 140 days in the Upper Vaitarna and for 200 days in Bhatsa. We need water for 280 days to suffice the requirements from October 1 to July 31, 2013. Upper Vaitarna has received 69% rainfall and Bhatsa 66%. If we continue to receive the same amount for two months in these two reservoirs, our requirements will be taken care of for the year.\"The civic body will hold a video-conference with the Indian Meteorological Department and Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology on Wednesday on cloud-seeding, to induce artificial rain in catchment areas. It will take the help of Mekorot for radars and helicopters. The experiments failed in 2009, when BMC had roped in the Hyderabad-based Agni Aviation.\"Cloud-seeding was tried 160 times in 2009 but we did not succeed as we did not have radars or helicopters to sprinkle sodium iodide crystals to induce rain in catchment areas,\" said Jalota. He said once the Gargai project kicks off, the city will get 5,500 MLD of extra water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15286595", "title": "Small industries worst-hit by Monday's power crisis", "text": "GURGAON: The commercial sector was the worst-hit by Monday's power crisis. According to industrial associations, 40% of the small-scale units remained shut through the day. \"Most of the industries here are power-intensive and require diesel backup. And this time, even the dieselsupply was affected, forcing many to shut operations for the day,\" said M P Singh, president of the Udyog Vihar Phase VI Industries Association.According to some estimates, a small-scale manufacturing house in Udyog Vihar utilizes around 150 litres of diesel per day. \"And there was a diesel shortage because of this grid failure. We tried getting 200 litres of diesel from the station, but we could manage only 50 litres. So the operations had to be closed after four hours,\" said Aseem Takyar, an industrialist in Phase IV.It's not easy to establish the accurate monetary loss that was incurred by industry owners on Monday. But, those who had their units shut through the day, said that they all have individually taken a hit of over Rs 3 lakhs. \"Daily business for my unit can be estimated at around Rs 2 to 3 lakhs. All that is definitely gone,\" said K K Kapur, general secretary of the Udyog Vihar Industries Association. He added that the overall loss would be massive, taking into account over 2,000 industrial firms in Udyog Vihar.Sources in Maruti's Gurgaon plant said that their operations continued without any interruption. \"We have a CNG-based power generation plant. So there was no problems for us,\" said a source. According to reports, the power supply was normal by afternoon in Gurgaon, although low voltage and high fluctuation levels remained a concern throughout the evening.Multiplexes bear the brunt of outageThe power grid failure seems to have lowered the spirits of people to go out and splurge in malls and multiplexes. The mall owners are shelling out huge amounts on generators, to combat the power crisis. J K Gupta, head of Sahara Mall, said \"Till now, we have spent Rs 2 Lakhs on diesel due the grid failure. Every day we have power cut but this time it's a national crisis.\" Generally the mall's management shells out around Rs 75,000 on a daily basis on generators, but the prolonged power failure has costed much more. Many shop owners in the mall have complained of low footfall as well. Devinder Damiya, manager of a departmental store in SRS Mall, said \"Footfall has reduced drastically. We have been using digi-sets for a long time now. Sometimes, the power comes back but it's only for half an hour. In the end, the retailers have to bear the brunt of this power cut.\" Vijay Sinha, Unit Admin Head at MGF Metropolitan Mall, said \"There was a late power supply today and the Digi-Set was working practically the entire day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286153", "title": "No stay on MBBS admissions under management quota", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Vilas Afzalpurkar of the AP high court on Monday declared that he was concurring with Justice V Eswaraiah on the issue of not staying the ongoing MBBS admissions in private medical colleges under the management quota.The matter was referred to the third judge after the two judges of a division bench differed on granting the stay. The bench comprising Justice V Eswaraiah and Justice N Ravishankar heard a batch of cases against private colleges for not considering merit while admitting students under the management quota.The bench gave a split verdict. While Eswaraiah declined to stay the ongoing process of admissions, Justice Ravishankar ruled that admissions under this quota must take place in a transparent manner with due weightage to merit. He stayed the process of admission saying that it was for the state to bring the necessary mechanism for ensuring the same. The matter was then referred to acting Chief Justice P C Ghosh for allotting it to a third judge so that the view of the majority could be ascertained.The advocates who appeared for the managements requested the bench headed by the acting Chief Justice to expedite the process of referring the matter to a third judge. All these cases were then directed to Justice Vilas Afzalpurkar, who after hearing the arguments on the issue of granting stay, expressed his wish to concur with the reasoning given by Justice Eswaraiah.He however, directed the NTR varsity to go through the selection list submitted by the managements in view of the existing rules. The full copy of the judgment was not available immediately. With Justice Vilas Afzalpurkar's reply, the refusal to grant the stay is in force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15284821", "title": "Teachers double as ayahs, peons", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government's annual budgetary allocation for education may touch Rs 4,000 crore. But it means little to several primary school teachers in Karnataka which has done away with appointing ayahs or helpers.Result: The headmistress of a 100-year-old government primary school in Cox Town, Central Bangalore, first sweeps her room and then get down to administrative work.The teachers here take turns for all the work, including cleaning classrooms and the courtyard after midday meals. They ensure children have left the school before locking up classrooms. Teachers double as security guards, peons, ayah, among other things...It's not an uncommon situation. Primary government schools have never been allotted an ayah. \"Since the government hasn't made a provision, we appointed someone ourselves. Two parents donated her salary for a month each. After that, we fell short of funds. Then teachers pooled in but that too have stopped,\" said a teacher.At another government school in the vicinity, teachers pool in around Rs 100 each for an ayah. \"It's not practical to ask teachers or students to clean up after lunch. It eats into class hours,\" said the teacher.In Vasanth Nagar Government Model Tamil and Kannada Primary School, ayahs are funded by the members of School Betterment Committee. \"We have two ayahs who sweep the floor, clean toilets and wash utensils after the midday meal. Although in some schools, parents pitch in with help, it depends on the financial condition of parents. We pay Rs 750 per head,\" said principal Gayathri.\"There are ayahs at anganwadis. The government didn't want to have a similar model for pre-primary schools. That's why the government has decided not to appoint ayahs when primary schools were initiated,\" said A Deva Prakash, director of public instructions (primary).Can we flush this problem out?Broken concrete slabs at the entrance and a pool of stagnant water dot the Hafizia Higher Elementary School campus on Cockburn Road in Shivajinagar. There's no toilets for boys or compound wall, poor amenities and construction debris on the playground at this this Kannada-medium government school.It's among the list of schools the high court recently termed \"disturbing.\"There are 63 boys out of the 101 students on the rolls. Toilets on the far side of the school are pathetic, with garbage scattered all around and huge sanitary pipes left uncovered. The stench keeps children from using the toilet. \"There's one toilet inside the school building and that's used by girls,\" said Sehria Anjum, a student.So what do boys do? \"We go to the nearby mosque. Slum dwellers have virtually taken over the one on the campus,\" said Ahmed R, a student.Shockingly, the utensils used for the midday meal are washed outside the toilets not being used by children. Although the school will soon have new toilets as they are under construction, the misery may not end. \"How will they sort out the water problem? Often, there's no water in the only toilet we use,\" said Nagina Bano, another student.Although the condition of the Government Model Tamil and Kannada Primary School in Vasanthnagar appears better with a clean space for midday meal and a compound wall, lack of toilets seems like a problem everywhere. The school with 200 students has only two toilets. \"We have no space to construct more toilets. Moreover, all students needn't use it at the same time, so it's not a problem,\" said principal Gayatri.Disturbing conditionA high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen last Thursday observed that it was \"acutely disturbed\" by what they saw in photographs of 12 city schools. Advocate AV Amarnathan, who filed a PIL, submitted an affidavit enclosing photographs showing the pathetic condition of toilets at 12 government schools after visiting them along with advocates and local BEO.The department said it would file an affidavit. \"Maintenance is a continuous process. Just because there is no water today, doesn't mean it's all bad. Things can be repaired,\" said A Deva Prakash, director of public instructions (primary).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15286977", "title": "70% of schools in Ahmedabad do not have a playground", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the London Olympics igniting the sporting spirit in children the world over, about 70% of schools in Ahmedabad do not have a playground. What is worse, those that do are selling their playing fields for builders to convert into commercial buildings.The city has about 850 primary and 750 secondary and higher secondary schools registered under the District Education Office (DEO). According to DEO's official data, about 32% (500 schools) did not have a playground when they sought permission to be set up. These schools were given permission after they told the DEO they would rent nearby playgrounds.Bhaskar Patel, executive board member of GSHSEB and president of Ahmedabad City School Management Association said that at present, about 70% of schools do not have playgrounds.Officials say that several schools may have either ended their leases for playgrounds or sold them.Out of 32,690 state government-run primary schools in Gujarat, about 3,789 do not have a playground. Of 8,000 privately run primary schools in the state, about 5,500 are without playgrounds.GSHSEB has 12,592 registered secondary and higher secondary schools of which 6,588 have their own grounds while the remainder have leased them. However, the board recorded this data when the schools were being set up. According to officials, several school properties in Ahmedabad are being sold for redevelopment.In a city where shopping complexes are preferred to schools, students are losing their right to physical fitness because of the lack of space. Compared to the cities, about 70% of rural schools of Gujarat have playgrounds as land is more easily available.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has made it mandatory for every school to have a playground. Earlier, schools in the state were given permission only if they had at least 4,000 square metres of open ground. In 2011, GSHSEB announced that new schools in cities across the state should have 1,200 square metres and those situated in rural areas should have 2,000 square metres of open space.R I Patel, DEO, Ahmedabad, said, \"Commercial complexes have been built on school playgrounds or open spaces.\"Natraj High School in Odhav sold its ground to a newly constructed residential scheme while the school still functions on part of the compound. Similarly, 48 flats have been sold as part of a scheme that has been built on the playground of Shri Mirambika School in Naranpura. According to the DEO, the school had shown the playground as part of its premises when it was being set up 15 years ago.Balkrishna High School in Bapunagar gave the ground floor of the school building to shops and moved the school to the first floor.These schools are among those that had shown playgrounds as part of their premises when being established, in order to get permission.R R Vasani, chairman of GSHSEB said, \"Strict supervision is needed to check the actual number of schools with playgrounds.\"Selling out and shutting shopSeveral schools in the city have been demolished or are in the process of being brought down to give way to corporate houses. For instance, the owners of Devashish School in Satellite sold off the building to a real estate company for Rs 1.25 crore to create office space and shifted the school to a larger campus in Sterling City at Bopal.School authorities claim that the school did not have a playground or parking space, and caused traffic congestion on the narrow road adjacent to the building. About 450 students used to park their cycles and motorbikes outside the school.The company plans to create low cost corporate offices to cater to the rising demand in the city. The offices will be at least 15 to 20% cheaper than other offices in Ahmedabad.Gujarat Law Society (GLS)'s Navnitlal Ranchodlal Secondary and Higher Secondary School was sold to Balaji Agora Company Limited for Rs 23 crore through auction in 2010. Founded in 1975, the school was shifted to the society's Gujarati medium school, which was shut down.According to GLS trustee Sudhir Nanavati, \"The school building was sold because it lacked parking space and the condition of the building was deteriorating.\"Jyoti High School on Sola Road has been converted into a party plot after the school was closed due to a dispute and declining student numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15287548", "title": "Cosmic clue to Earth landslides?", "text": "LONDON: Giant avalanches on the surface of Saturn's moon, Iapetus , could provide answers about the destructive landslides on Earth, scientists say.Researchers have analysed the dimensions of landslides on the solar system's most spectacular mountain range on Iapetus, using images from the Cassini mission, and found many up to fifty miles in length.They now believe that understanding the cause of long landslides on Iapetus could aid in the understanding of unusually long landslides on Earth, which are potentially destructive natural hazards , the 'Daily Mail' reported.The giant ridge on Iapetus was only discovered in 2004 by Nasa's Cassini spacecraft. The mysterious icy rim that circles the equator of the planet is more than 12 miles high and runs almost a thousand miles from end to end.Planetary scientist Kelsi Singer, of Washington University, Saint Louis, said Iapetus' \"extremely cold, airless surface provides an excellent laboratory for studying long-runout landslides\".\"Saturn's icy moon Iapetus has more giant landslides than anybody other than Mars,\" Lousie said. The researchers believe the sliding of material heats the underlying icy surface.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289016", "title": "Raj Kanwar\u2019s son set to revive his late father's venture", "text": "Those who thought the demise of well known writer-producer-director Raj Kanwar in February this year meant the end of his banner Inderjit Films Combine can think again. TOI has learnt his elder son Karan Raj Kanwar, who is just 20, is all set to revive his late father's venture.Karan confirmed the news and said, \"Though I assisted my father during the making of his last film, Sadiyaan, production has always been my passion. So my father decided to send me to Los Angeles to do a course in film production. Before my father's demise, he was working on this script and was very excited about it. He had also selected the songs for it. When he passed away, I decided not only to fulfill his dream to make this film, but also to keep his banner alive.\"Karan said he decided to go for fresh faces for his film as the script demanded so. \"I firmly believe if your script is good and you make a good film, people will support it. I intend to produce lot of films in the near future, ones with big stars as well but script is all important,\" he added.It is learnt, the romcom titled Lucky Kabootar, will feature television actor Gaurav Chopra of Uttaran fame and Kulraj Randhawa and Shraddha Das from Dil To Bachcha Hai Ji in the lead. It will be directed by Shammi Chhabaria, who was Karan's father's chief associate and had worked with him on several projects.A source close to the project revealed, \"The film will be launched with a song recording on (late) Raj Kanwar's birthday on August 1, and regular shooting will start from September 2012 in Chandigarh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15273071", "title": "Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum: Popular among college crowd and youth", "text": "The adult comedy 'Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum' has opened to a huge response with early estimates of the opening weekend being around Rs 22 crores.The adult comedy Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum had unprecedented response on Day 1 (Friday) at the domestic box office with occupancy in the range of 60-70%. College crowd and youth seem to have enjoyed the sex-comedy. The comic sequel released widely on 1421 screens and withstanding Ramadan collected an enormous Rs. 7.12 Cr (Net) on Friday, placing it among the top 10 openers of the year. The business only showed escalation over the weekend. The opening weekend collections is Rs 23.06 crores (Daywise break-up: Fri - 7.12 Cr, Sat - 7.03 Cr, Sun - 8.91 Cr.), making it the highest ever Ramadan opening.Tanuj Garg, CEO - Balaji Motion Pictures remarked, \"The huge opening of Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum re-endorses our ability and strength at creating product intrigue and excitement through innovative marketing and aggressive distribution.\" The film's satellite and audio rights have been pre-sold. The thunderous response to the film has resulted in an addition of screens on Saturday.The other two offbeat releases of the week - Aalaap and Harud left without a trace.The coming week sees the release of Pooja Bhatt's much-spoken about film Jism 2 that marks the debut of adult film star Sunny Leone. That happens to be the biggest bet of the week. The other releases include - the animated mythological drama Krishna Aur Kans , Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai (coming from Shakti Samanta's descendants), From Sydney With Love (coming from Pramod Chakravarthy's descendants)Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Kyaa Super Kool Hai HumPosition: 1Director: Sachin YardiCast: Riteish Deshmukh, Tusshar Kapoor , Sarah Jane Dias, Neha SharmaUpside: High on humour, Riteish Deshmukh's comic timing, good musicDownside: No sane storylineRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: The film opened to occupancy in the range of 60-70% on Friday with college crowd and youth thronging the theatres. The first day collection was as good as Rs 7.12 crore. The business only showed escalation over the weekend. The opening weekend collections is Rs 23.06 crores (Daywise break-up: Fri - 7.12 Cr, Sat - 7.03 Cr, Sun - 8.91 Cr.), making it the highest ever Ramadan opening.Film: CocktailPosition: 2Director: Homi AdajaniaCast: Saif Ali Khan , Deepika Padukone , Diana PentyUpside: Decent performances, good humour, lighthearted and refreshing treatmentDownside: Conventional love triangle plot, predictable climax, second half dragsRunning Week: 3Trade Comments: HitFilm: Bol BachchanPosition: 3Director: Rohit ShettyCast: Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan , Prachi Desai , AsinUpside: Lighthearted film, some good funny moments, passable performancesDownside: Occasional overdose of formulaRunning Week: 4Trade Comments: Reached Rs 100 crore mark. HitFilm: Gangs of WasseypurPosition: 4Director: Anurag KashyupCast: Manoj Bajpayee, Tigmanshu Dhulia, Nawazuddin Siddique, Richa ChaddaUpside: Brilliant performances by entire cast, Anurag Kashyup's smart direction and storytelling, good music, entertainment valueDownside: Abrupt and inconclusive end for a sequelRunning Week: 6Box-Office Verdict: HitFilm: Ferrari Ki SawariPosition: 5Director: Rajesh MapuskarCast: Sharman Joshi, Boman Irani, Ritvik SahoreUpside: Simple and well-told story, good performances, entire Ferrari angle in the storyDownside: Convenient endRunning Week: 7Box Office Verdict: Hit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15285095", "title": "'They've made me realize I'm a girl'", "text": "MANGALORE: For the victims of Saturday's brutal attack, the horror refuses to go away.With the visual media going in for overkill and repeatedly flashing images of the mob at their party, the victims are feeling more vulnerable as they relive the brutalization.One of them, Rekha (name changed) is in severe depression. She has still not come to terms with it, though she was not caught on camera. Incidentally, she was also there to celebrate her birthday which falls on the same day as Vijay Kumar .\"I want somebody to tell me I have done nothing wrong. TV channels are portraying the episode as though we have done something wrong. I had watched such incidents on television. Now I realize the pain victims of such moral policing undergo. My heart goes out to my friends who are being clearly shown in the TV visuals. The goons wanted to show that something wrong was going on and people who see the visuals may believe it,'' she said. \"Who are they to tell us what to wear when our parents don't object? Earlier I used to come home at 8pm without any fear. Now I'm afraid. They have made me realize I'm a girl,'' she said, teary-eyed.Repeat telecast of the incident is likely to take its toll on the victims, who may require long-term counselling to rid them of their demons.\"I'm afraid to leave my daughter alone and go anywhere. She almost fainted when she saw the visuals of her friends being brutalized on TV,'' her mother said.Rekha suffered lacerations and extensive bruises all over her body when she tried to escape from the goons in the thickets outside.Recounting Saturday evening's horror, Rekha said: \"I reached the resort along with other friends at 2.15pm. After the birthday celebrations at 3pm, we had lunch and were taking pictures. We were ready to leave, and I was keeping our bags near the balcony around 6pm. It was getting dark. I saw a group of around 50 people gathering and there was a video camera pointed towards the house. Their attention was on the house but they had not seen me yet. Then one person looked at me and gave a weird look. I sensed something was amiss as the crowd started swelling. I shouted to warn my friends inside but they couldn't hear me. Just then, the crowd started entering the house. I jumped from the balcony and fell on the ground. The goons came running after me. I jumped over the resort wall into the next compound. The ground was uneven and sloping. I started rolling downwards and suffered lacerations due to the thickets. The goons followed me and caught hold of my hair. They abused me in a foul language I have never heard before. They started dragging me to the resort by my hair, and I cried in pain. I told them in Tulu to let me go and I would do as they wanted. But they did not relent. When I was brought into the resort, I saw them pushing the girls on to a bed along with Vijay Kumar. Their intention was to portray that something immoral was going on, after they found that we were not drunk or intoxicated. They asked me: 'Are there Muslims with you?' Then I started realizing what was happening.''After this, Rekha was shut inside a room and she came out only when police opened the door.\"We told police what we were doing and they were satisfied. Police said they would not let us go, as there was a 200-strong mob outside, who would not understand the situation. We were made to cover our faces though we did nothing wrong. I feel it was pre-planned as the media was also there. They were shooting and following us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286587", "title": "'I would have raised her as my daughter'", "text": "NAGPUR: Nafisa Sheikh, wife of Kasambhai who rescued 12-year-old Roshni Sheikh, said that she would have treated Roshni as one of her own daughters. Brave and intelligent Roshni was gradually getting attached to Kasambhai's family. But they wanted her to return to the family she belonged even though it meant breaking bond of the love that was growing among them.\"The girl wanted to stay with us but we did not want to take a chance. Initially she had claimed to be an orphan but later divulged her father's number. I did not even trust Roshni parents until they showed me the documents and the girl too ran and hugged her father. We then handed over Roshni in the presence of my neighbours,\" said Nafisa, who still gets calls from Roshni.Kasambhai said that he was offloading some parcels at Bhusawal when an autorickshaw driver requested him to take the girl along with him. \"She was unable to speak for a long time. Later on, I decided to bring her home as she would have felt at home with my two sons and two daughters,\" he said.Nagpur: The harrowing tale of a 12-year-old girl, allegedly abducted on June 3 last month from Sangam Nagar slums near Piwli Nadi, will give nightmares for every parent. Fiza (name changed), a standard VII student, was reunited with her family on Saturday after she escaped from her captors.She had flagged down an autorickshaw driver, who dropped her off at the local bus stand, from where a luxury bus driver took her home after she had stayed two weeks at a roadside eatery. Fiza's parents had filed a missing person complaint with the Yashodhara Nagar police but the probe had gone nowhere.The kidnappers had kept Fiza in a hut with its windows barricaded with bricks. Driven to desperation, the 12-year-old pushed away some bricks to escape from the hut in some tattered clothes. She reached a road where an autorickshaw driver saw her plight and helped her reach Bhusawal inter-district bus stand. From here she was rescued by Kasambhai Ismail Sheikh, a driver with a luxury bus company.Fiza told her family members that the kidnappers had not given any food and she was repeatedly injected with some sedative medicines. She also said that the kidnappers always kept her tied up. When Sheikh found her, she was wearing torn clothes but the girl could not recall any abuse. Social workers from Child Helpline, who are following her case, said that only a medical examination can confirm whether the girl has been assaulted.Though in trauma, Fiza could recall that she was being held at Songadh in Gujarat, which is close to Bhusawal in Maharashtra. Fiza was wearing a tattered Punjabi dress when she was picked up by Sheikh. Sheikh first took her to an eatery, where she spent almost two weeks. At the eatery, she was provided with fresh clothes and food for the first time since she was abducted around a month-and-half ago. Sheikh then took her to his house at Akola, where he lives with his wife and four children.Then on July 28, Fiza gave the mobile number of her father, Ismail Khan (name changed), to Sheikh's wife Nafisa, who informed the girl's family. Fiza's parents and her younger sister immediately left for Akola to bring Fiza home.Ismail claimed that Fiza had been whisked away by two burka-clad men in a Maruti van from the locality where they stayed in a rented house. \"My daughter said she was drugged immediately after being pushed inside the car, and was tied up. We have so far managed to glean some information from her, which suggests the kidnappers had tortured her very much,\" said Ismail, who took Fiza to his native place Amravati, to help her overcome the trauma.Fiza has also claimed that besides injecting her with medicines, the kidnappers gagged her with a scented handkerchief which kept her unconscious for most part of the day in the abandoned hut.\"I had brought my daughters to Nagpur to provide them good education. For this, I had given up consuming alcohol and picking up fights. What has happened with my daughter should not occur to anyone,\" he said. Ismail said Fiza is afraid of returning to Nagpur now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15290029", "title": "8 states replicate MP's Public Service Delivery Guarantee Act", "text": "BHOPAL: The objective with which the Madhya Pradesh Government had implemented Public Service Delivery Guarantee Act seems to be moving towards its fulfillment with eight states replicating it.The eight states which have replicated the Act are Bihar, Punjab, Uttarakhand, Delhi, Jammu and Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Jharkhand, an official release said here on Tuesday.Not only the states, even the Union government is contemplating to enact a similar Act, it said.In all, 52 services of 16 government departments have been placed under the ambit of the Act implemented in the state since September, 2010.The departments include energy, labour, public health engineering, revenue, urban administration and development, general administration, social justice, SC/ST welfare, food, civil supplies and consumer protection, forests, home, farmers' welfare and agriculture development, woman and child development, transport and panchayats and rural development.Till July 2012, as many as 1.25 crore applications received under the Act have been disposed of and services were made available against 99 per cent applications.Online facility for moving applications has also been made available since August 7, 2011. As many as 24 lakh applications were received online of which 99 per cent were disposed of, the release said.The Act provides that if notified services are not provided to an applicant within time-limit, he or she can make appeal against it at two levels.There is a provision of Rs 5,000 fine on the officer delaying the second appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15287153", "title": "GCDA to hold two-day seminar on Vision 2030", "text": "KOCHI: As part of the move to draft a comprehensive policy to facilitate the development of Kochi as a metropolitan city, the GCDA will hold a two-day seminar on Vision 2030 on August 16 and 17.Addressing the media here on Monday, GCDA chairman N Venugopal said experts familiar with the development issues of the city would hold detailed discussions on effective town planning and the need for a unified metropolitan authority.On the first day, R K Singh, the former secretary to local self-government department, will present a technical paper on the need to transform GCDA into a metropolitan regional development authority. Renowned transport planning consultant N S Sreenivasan will talk on integrated traffic and transport planning for the city.Giving a boost to the demand for a suburban rail system connecting Kochi and its suburbs, C Raju, former chief engineer, Konkan Railways will explore the possibility of introducing a suburban rail network. Former tourism secretary Venu will analyze the significance of the tourism industry in Kochi's economic development.August 16 will also see Coconut Development Board chairman T K Jose making a presentation on the challenges being faced in setting up effective sanitation, solid waste management and drainage systems. Also, the technical member of Kerala Water Authority will explain in detail the problems being faced in procuring drinking water.On the second day, academician T M Vinodkumar will talk on the use of land for development activities. Former civil servant C V Ananda Bose will speak on issues of housing in the city. T Balakrishnan, former principal secretary, industries department, will explore the scope of manufacturing industries, IT and economic development in the city. Disaster management expert Nandakumar will speak on disaster management plans for the city.Speaker G Karthikeyan will inaugurate the seminar at hotel Taj Gateway on August 16. Manjalamkuzhi Ali will release the Vision 2030 logo and launch the website of the programme on August 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15285165", "title": "Subash Padil is a petty extortionist", "text": "MANGALORE: Subash Padil, 35, who was out on bail almost three months after the Amnesia pub attack of 2009, will cool his heels behind bars for a long time this time as he has been charged under sections charging him with dacoity.There are nine cases related to rioting and one related to Saturday's incident against him at Mangalore Rural police station. In Bunder police station, there is one case related to the Amnesia pub attack.Son of Gangadhara Rai Kannur, working in a housekeeping agency, and Sarvani, a housewife, Subash has a younger brother who is a mechanic at a local garage.His first tryst with the saffron outfit came when he joined the Bajrang Dal about eight years ago. He joined the Sri Rama Sene after its convener Prasad Attavar identified himself with Pramod Mutalik's organization. Padil, insiders allege, had started extortion and gambling in a small way a year before the pub attack, which got him expelled from the Sene. But the police dossier has no cases on extortion or gambling.\"He joined the Hindu Jagaran Vedike (HJV) a year ago to insulate himself from the law going soft on him,'' said a Sene member. Bajrang Dal sources said it was sad that Hindutva organizations were being misused by elements like this.PM Giridhara Upadhyaya of Hindu Jagaran Vedike said Padil was one of the volunteers of the outfit. \"What he has done is condemnable. But as a resident of that place, he must have known what is going on there,'' he said.HJV president Satyajit defended his cadre, saying that all cases against him were related to the organization. \"He has not indulged in dacoity. The present dacoity case is foisted on him to make the case stronger,\" he said.Cases against Subash PadilMangalore Rural2005: Rioting, dacoity plus rioting2006: Rioting, one property damage and trespass2010: Rioting2012: Rioting, assault, abuse, life threat, molestation, dacoity, property damage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "15290106", "title": "Samajwadi Party activist shot dead", "text": "GORAKHPUR: A Samajwadi Party worker was shot dead by unidentified assailants at his residence in Sahabganj area of the district, police said here on Tuesday.45-year-old Merajul Hasan, who was also a Nagar Nigam contractor, was fired upon by some men on Monday evening while he was talking on his mobile phone in the verandah of his residence, the police said.Hasan was rushed to a hospital where he was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15288017", "title": "Indian Open prize money unchanged", "text": "MUMBAI: A weaker rupee has taken a toll on the prize money of the country's premier golf event, Indian Open, that would remain unchanged in dollar terms, at $1.25 million.However, in terms of rupee it would show a jump of Rs 80 lakh to Rs 6.9 crore against Rs 6.1 crore in the last edition.This is second year in a row that the money on offer for the October 18-21 Asian Tour event will see no change. Though there were speculations of a minimum of 10% increase in the fund as has been the normal practice, but title sponsors Hero Motocorp are unlikely to budge.\"The rupee has seen good amount of depreciation, so sponsors are unlikely to increase prize money. They will have to pay more to keep the prize money at last year's level ,\" a source told TOI.An escalation of costs in moving the event from Delhi Golf Club to first timers Karnataka Golf Association in Bangalore is another reason behind the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15286973", "title": "Poor treatment for rich heritage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The nearly 400-year-old Moti Shahi Palace is today fighting one of its last battles against termites, structural depreciation, neglect and apathy. For years, starved of funds to carry out conservation the present caretakers, the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS), had been helpless.After the Gujarat government the society possession of the building in 1978 there was no effort till 2002 to strengthen the lime mortar structure. The central government pitched in by sanctioning Rs 17 crore for the memorial revival only recently, while a group of industrialists pitched in by contributing Rs 5 crore for the 'renovation activity'.While the palace was the official residence of the Gujarat Governor between 1960 and 1978, there were urinals constructed adjoining the palace for Raj Bhavan employees - these continued to exist till recent years, false ceilings were made on the top-floor rooms. Besides there was temporary bridge constructed across the palace Darbar hall to link two first-floor rooms. These structures were removed only recently.The two rooms that flank the palace today were actually constructed by the British.\"Termites had begun eating into the base of the palace structure and there was heavy seepage in the basement because of this. This could have affected the stability of the structure. Sixteen of the 40 brackets recently fell during the day time when the memorial was open for visitors. This could have been dangerous. We have reinforced and put these brackets in their original place,\" says secretary of the society, R S Patel.When asked about the new construction activity - the lift shaft , straircases and concrete support for the jharokkas, Patel told TOI, \"These structures were necessary if the building was to live for another 150 years. If we were to make a world class museum for Sardar Patel we need to make it accessible. The lifts are for the disabled and elderly. The new ground-floor passages are for visitors to move around and to support the Jharokas as well. The 400 year old staircases are not citizen-friendly and we made new access staircases for this,\" says Patel.When asked who authorized the repair works, Patel said, \"SVPMS is the owner of the property. We have been given sole responsibility of maintaining the palace. This is not a listed heritage property anymore, but we still have maintained the palace's integrity.\"In the recent renovation, granite and marble slabs are being used on the interior and exterior. Plywood structures and air conditioning tunnels are being constructed in two interactive multimedia halls of the palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285408", "title": "J&K; blast: Bodies brought to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Bodies of the three elderly women, who were killed in a mishap in Kashmir on Saturday, were brought to the city from Srinagar on Monday. The three women were killed and five others injured when an explosive went off inside a vehicle in which they travelling to Pahalgam.The eight women had left Mumbai for Vaishno Devi and Amarnath pilgrimage in Jammu and Kashmir on July 19 and were supposed to return to the city on August 1.Ghatkopar resident Bharat Jethwa, along with his relatives, reached Srinagar on Saturday night and obtained the custody of the bodies\u2014his mother-in-law Nirmala Rathod (78), a resident of Vile Parle, and two others, who are NRIs from the UK\u2014Nisha Jethwa (61) and Bharati Purohit (73).After completing the police and hospital formalities, Jethwa and the relatives took a flight to Delhi on Monday morning and from, there they took a connecting flight to Mumbai. They arrived in the city at 7.15pm. \"The bodies have been brought to Mumbai. We are yet to decide the time and place of cremation. We will take a decision tomorrow. The bodies will be kept in a morgue at a western suburban hospital,\" Bharat Jethva told TOI after landing at the airport.Bharat's wife Neeta Jethwa (55), who was injured in the mishap, took a afternoon flight from Srinagar and reached Mumbai around 5.15pm on Monday. She has been admitted to Zynova Heart Hospital in Ghatkopar (W) and is under observation. Neeta had undergone a three-hour-long operation at a Srinagar hospital on Sunday to remove the shrapnels in her hands and legs. \"Neeta is still in a shock. She has lost her mother. She will be kept in the hospital for two more days,\" a family friend, Mehul Lakhani, told TOI.\"Indu Parmar (65) has damaged her brain. She has been put on ventilator at a Srinagar hospital. Her son and daughter have arrived from the UK. They will decide what should be done further,\" said Lakhani.The other injured, Prathima Jethva (66) from Malad, Jayshree Desai (62) from Matunga and Jasuben (80), are undergoing treatment at a Srinagar hospital. \"Through the injured, it was learnt that the vehicle was stopped by a person in middle of the road. Before they could react, he threw something and it ripped the vehicle apart,\" said Lakhani.The Kashmir police are still investigating whether it is a terror strike case or a cylinder blast. The incident occurred around 1.30m on Saturday when the tourist tempo driver Ashok (30) decided to take a shorter route from Brijbehra to Pahalgam, instead of taking the safer Brijbehra-Anantnag-Pahalgam route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285233", "title": "Four projects to develop SEZs in Maharashtra cancelled", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has cancelled four projects to develop special economic zones (SEZs) following widespread protests.The decision was taken by the MIDC board which met on Monday to roll back the projects and denotify nearly 8,700 hectares of agriculture land taken from locals.The SEZs cancelled are the India Bulls project on 1,936 hectares in Raigad (proposed in 2008); Mahindra &amp; Mahindra on 3,000 hectares in Karla, Videocon's SEZs in Aurangabad and Pune on a total of 3,763 hectares.SEZs have not taken off in Maharashtra, and according to an estimate, only 18 of the 104 approved projects are operational. Out of 143 approved proposals, 27 have submitted applications for withdrawal due to unfavorable economic conditions on offer in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286307", "title": "Search begins for names from city for Padma awards", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The state government has once again begin scouting for candidates from the Sangam city who can be recommended for the Padma awards this year. Last year, no person from the city was selected for the Padma awards, counted among the top honours in the country.This has also sparked a debate if the city's intellectuals, academicians and politicians have lost their sheen or figure poorly on the radar of the Central government, the deciding authority in the case of such honours.\"There is no dearth of talent in fields where people are felicitated by the Central government on the recommendations of the state government,\" said Sanskrit scholar Ram Naresh Tripathi. He added that, \"It seems that the policy makers are proceeding with the mindset that city is not fit enough for such awards which is the reason why they have failed to accommodate local scholars, artists and other achievers in varied fields. In fact, the city has produced doyens of Hindi literature like late Prof Mohan Awasthi, late Markandey, Amarkant and Doodhnath Singh.\"Echoing similar views, organiser of annual literary event 'Huddang', Abhay Awasthi said, \"It is impossible to become a Hindi scholar without reading works of Mahadevi Varma and Nirala. The city also basks in the presence of galaxy of Sanskrit scholars and the need is to bring them into the limelight because Allahabad breeds genius.\"Last year names forwarded by the state government failed to make it to the final list of Padma awardees.However, Padma Shri was conferred in 2010 on renowned Sanskrit scholar and historian late Prof Govind Chandra Pandey, who hailed from the city but lived in Delhi.At that time also, persons close to Pandey had stated that his name was never recommended by the state government and it was only at the initiative of the Central government that Padma Shri was conferred on him.Prayagraj Sewa Samiti convenor Teerthraj Pandey said, \"This clearly reflects that the city is forced to play second fiddle to other cities in terms of Padma awards given its poor past record.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nellore/chennai", "code": "15284177", "title": "28 die as speeding Tamil Nadu Express catches fire", "text": "NELLORE/CHENNAI: At least 28 people were killed, many in their sleep, and 15 others badly burned and bruised when a blaze broke out on the Tamil Nadu Express near Nellore in Andhra Pradesh early Monday, engulfing a sleeper coach as the train sped at 80km/hr.The fire began around 4.20am and spread devastatingly fast through the overcrowded S11 coach of the train, giving the 72 reserved passengers and an unknown number of additional travellers in the bogie virtually no chance of escape.The train (No. 12622) left New Delhi at 10.30pm on Saturday and was speeding towards Chennai at the time of the mishap. The blaze highlighted the railways' poor safety record and its failure to introduce fire prevention mechanisms as recommended by various committees in the past.Survivors said they heard a loud sound and people shouting in alarm before fire engulfed the coach.\"It was all over in seconds,\" said a passenger in the S11 coach. They said several passengers found their escape route blocked by baggage and people sleeping in the aisle. Railways officials said preliminary investigation indicated that a short-circuit sparked the fire, gutting the S11 coach. The vestibule between S11 and S10 bogies was charred, indicating that the fire was about to spread to the next coach.Railways minister Mukul Roy, speaking in Kolkata, said a gateman at the Vedayapalem level crossing near Nellore railway station heard a loud sound before the fire. Suggesting that the blaze could have been an act of sabotage, Roy said railways is probing the fire and not ruled out the possibility that it was caused by an explosion.Rescue teams from the railways and police, who found more than 15 bodies at the doorway of the S11 coach, said many appeared to have died while trying to escape. Twenty-eight bodies were recovered from the gutted bogie. Many victims were burnt beyond recognition. A railways official said four bodies would be sent for DNA tests to determine their gender.Most passengers either died of burns or were asphyxiated. \"Some victims may have been crushed to death as passengers struggled to get out of the burning coach,\" a railways official said. A member of the rescue teams said one charred body was in an upright position, indicating that the passenger died without even attempting to escape.Railways officials and policemen rushed to the spot, arriving minutes after the fire broke out, but by then most passengers were dead. Fire tenders reportedly took 45 minutes to reach the stricken train.Railways personnel later detached the S11 coach and three other bogies from the rake and the train continued to Chennai, arriving at Chennai Central at 11.30am, Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said. The railways operated a special train to Nellore to carry relatives of the injured from Chennai.The railways announced Rs 5 lakh ex-gratia to families of the deceased and Rs 1 lakh to the critically injured. Additional DG, railways, V S K Kaumudi said special investigation teams were being rushed to the spot to ascertain the cause of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15289368", "title": "Rajkot Municipal Corporation's office goes green, to get 100 kW solar power", "text": "RAJKOT: Aiming to harness non-conventional energy, the Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided to install a 100 kilowatt (kW) solar grid connect system at its central zone office located at Dhebar Road. The civic body had earlier installed such systems at its east and west zone offices.RMC officials said that the tender had been floated in this regard and within the next three months, the system at Dhebar Road will be operational. Cost for installing the solar power system is estimated to be around Rs1.5 crore.\"Once this system is installed, RMC will have a total of 210 kW solar power available with it. The system at west zone office is of 70 kW while the one at the east zone is of 50 kW,\" said Alpna Mitra, officer on special duty at RMC.\"Central government provide 35 per cent subsidy for installation of a solar power system to the RMC. We have undertaken various measures to conserve energy by using non-conventional energy sources as well as energy-efficient instruments. Our target is to reduce 10 per cent energy consumption by adopting various methods,'' she said.RMC plans to reduce the electricity expenses at all its offices in a phased manner by switching over to solar energy. \"The installation of solar power based energy harvesting system helps reduce power expenses in the longer run and also in environmental conservation,\" said an RMC official.Sources said that RMC has initiated the process for preparing a detailed project report for installation of a solar power grid system at the indoor stadium at Race Course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "visnagar", "code": "15287092", "title": "Dipda Darwaza massacre case: Battle not over, scars still show", "text": "VISNAGAR: The atmosphere in this north Gujarat town was grim on Monday after a special court convicted 22 people in the Dipda Darwaza massacre case. Outsiders were not welcome and questions about the site of the killings drew a blank.The Randal Mata no Madh - the area to which 50 of the accused belong - wore a deserted look. Women were closely monitoring television sets. As news of 61 acquittals spread, people started making desperate inquiries. The district police had ensured adequate deployment to avoid any untoward incident. Jubilation erupted at the residence of former MLA Prahlad Gosa, who was acquitted.While no disturbance was reported on Monday, the BJP think tank got into a huddle to examine the repercussions the verdict may have on its political fortunes. As many as 21 of the 22 convicts belong to the politically powerful Patel community.\"We need to assess the situation, especially because former chief minister Keshubhai Patel has already started to attract a large number of people from the Patel community,\" a BJP leader said.Most of those convicted in the Ode massacre case were also Patels. Members of the Patel community had shouted anti-Modi government slogans after 23 were convicted in the Ode case on April 12 this year.VICTIMS UNSATISFIEDDisappointed with the verdict, victims say they will continue their fight for justice. \"We will challenge the decision in a higher court,\" said Yusufkhan Muradkhan, who lost his family in the massacre. The victims say they have no issues with the SIT probe. However, only four accused were arrested and two politicians who allegedly played a role in the massacre were not touched.\"How come the court didn't believe the murder charge? When human remains and blood were found on weapons, how can murder not be proved?\" Muradkhan said. \"The blood samples were obviously not of animals. There were so many eyewitnesses. What else does the court require?\" \"I had said in 2003 that justice would not be delivered in Gujarat,\" he said. \"Unfortunately, my statement has been proved true today. We will move the Supreme Court. I will fight for my family. I lost four little kids.\"Iqbal Baloch, the complainant in the case, said: \"We harboured some hope when the investigation was transferred to the SIT by the Supreme Court. But this verdict has been a disappointment.\"NO ASSISTANCE FOR INJUREDVisnagar: Arbaz Anwarkhan Pathan has deep scars on his forehead. He does not recall the incident as he was just two when he was hit by a stone during the Dipda Darwaza massacre on February 28, 2002. Arbaz, now 12, recently underwent a surgery at a private hospital, as the treatment for the injury he suffered a decade ago still goes on. And he is still waiting for assistance from the government. \"We have not received a single penny from the government,\" says his mother Shabana, who was among those injured.Arbaz says he was too young to recollect the horror. \"My mother tells me they hit me with a stone. I do not want to remember that. I want to study and do something meaningful in life.\" The affected families were helped by community members. \"Our houses were demolished since they were in the interiors of the locality,\" Shabana says. Reshma Sattar, who was also injured in the violence, says like seven others, she has not received any compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287407", "title": "Man fined for filming HC proceedings", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has pulled up a commercial taxes officer for having filmed the court proceedings in his mobile phone, and has asked the state police incharge of the high court security as to how people were allowed into the campus without any entry pass.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar said: \"The assistant commissioner of police, who is incharge of the security arrangements in the high court buildings is directed to file a report as to how S Selvakumar (deputy commercial tax officer) was permitted inside the high court buildings without any entry pass.\"It all started on July 19, when Selvakumar, DCTO, Kandamangalam check post in Villupuram district, was found videographing the court proceedings in his mobile phone. After the matter was brought to the knowledge of Justice Paul Vasanthakumar by advocates, the mobile phone was seized and handed over to the registrar-general for appropriate action.After being summoned by the registrar-general, Selvakumar apologized for his action. The matter was then posted before the same judge for appropriate orders.While the court held that the act \"amounts to interference in the administration of justice,\" additional advocate-general P H Aravind Pandian submitted that the officer had apologized and filed an affidavit to that effect too. Realising his mistake, the official had volunteered to pay 5,000 to a charitable organization as penitence. Noting that it was an inadvertent mistake and that the official had given an undertaking not to repeat it, Aravind Pandian wanted the court to drop further proceedings against him.Acceding to his request, Justice Paul Vasanthakumar dropped further action against Selvakumar. He, however, sought to know from the officer as to how he obtained entry pass from security personnel as per the high court notification issued on October 7, 2011. When the official said he had not obtained any such entry pass, the judge said: \"The above statement of Selvakumar clearly establishes the non-observance of the guidelines issued by the Registry in notification dated October 7, 2011 by the officials, who are put in charge of the security arrangements in high court campus.\"He then adjourned the matter to July 31 for further orders.On July 19, tax officer Selvakumar was found videographing the court proceedings in his mobile phone. Realising his mistake, he had volunteered to pay 5,000 to a charitable organization as penitence", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15285430", "title": "Governor defies Modi, OKs prosecution of minister", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a setback to Narendra Modi government, Gujarat governor Kamla Beniwal has sanctioned prosecution of minister of state for fisheries Purshottam Solanki for alleged corruption, overruling a cabinet decision.A letter from the governor granting sanction to prosecute Solanki in an alleged Rs 400 crore fishing contracts scam was placed before a division bench of the Gujarat high court comprising Justices Jayant Patel and C L Soni on Monday.Taking the letter on record, the court disposed of the petition filed by one Irshad Maradia. Following gubernatorial sanction, the complainant can now file his complaint either before the police or a competent court. The state cabinet had earlier refused to grant sanction to prosecute Solanki.In his petition, Maradia had alleged Solanki had caused a loss of over Rs 400 crore to the state exchequer by granting fishing contracts in 2009 without inviting tenders. The governor has accorded sanction for prosecution of the minister under various sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15290077", "title": "3 women, minor girl hurt in attack by criminals in Gumla district", "text": "GUMLA: Three women and a girl were injured when suspected members of the Patrick Toppo gang opened fire inside a house at Murumkela village under the Maoist-affected Palkot police station in Gumla district late on Sunday evening.Extortion is said to be the motive behind the attack against the family members of Mohar Sahu, a farmer. Reports reaching here said those injured included Sahu's wife, Kaushalya Devi, daughter Renu Kumari, mother-in-law Mantori Devi and a two-and-a-half-year old girl, Kshama. All the injured have been referred to RIMS for treatment. Police said firing took place at Sahu's house between 9 pm and 9.30 pm.Family members have informed police that last year they had paid Rs 60,000 as levy to the Patrick Toppo alias Pahari Chita gang, Palkot police station OC Pradeep Chowdhary said.Report said last year Mohar's son Dinesh Sahu, who works as contractor, and daughter-in-law Rohini Devi had paid money to the gang members and thereafter both wife and husband shifted to Gumla town. Rohini works in a office here. The couple had visited the village on Sunday when a gang of seven to ten criminals reached the house and tried to force open the door. Sensing foul play, both Sahu and his son Dinesh fled the house through the rear door while the women and children lockedthemselves in a room. The miscreants entered the house through the rear door and before opening fire. Police said the criminals fired 10- 12 rounds. Police have launched an operation to nab the gang members in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287452", "title": "Pyre on the rails", "text": "Life will never be the same for the 25 passengers who managed to jump to safety from the burning S11 coach of the Tamil Nadu Express on Monday. When they sleep, the desperate cries of men and women who were trapped in the S11 coach of the Chennai-bound train will ring in their ears.As smoke filled the compartment, chaos and confusion broke out as passengers struggled to escape in the dark. Venkata Koteswara Rao, 22, a software professional, had boarded the train at Vijayawada and was asleep in a berth of the S11 coach when disaster struck. \"I woke up coughing around 4.30am and found the entire compartment engulfed by fire,\" he said. \"All the windows were closed and the doors were jammed due to the heat.\"It had rained near Vijayawada, so everyone had shut the windows. \"That made the ordeal even worse.\" Rao said. \"I immediately got off the berth and collapsed. Shortly after I recovered consciousness, I realised that my father was by my side,\" he said. His father helped him to get into the 108 ambulance, which took him to Nellore Government Hospital. Rao suffered burns to one-third of his body.Rescuers said they found more than 15 bodies near a door of the S11 coach, suggesting that many of the victims died while trying to escape. Most of the passengers in the coach were asleep when the fire broke out. Passengers panicked when they realised that a fire was spreading fast through the coach. Many were knocked out after inhaling smoke and were burnt to death or asphyxiated. Among those who died was a young mother, who was found clutching her baby even in death. Passengers who had no reservation and were sitting or standing near the doors were lucky and managed to escape, but those sleeping on the berths, especially on the upper and middle berths, could not escape. Several people died because the doors were jammed. \"I was lucky to jump out but several passengers could not escape as two doors were jammed and the fire spread rapidly,\" said Sudhir, of Vijayawada, one of the survivors.Another passenger, Anusha Teetla, a doctor from Bangalore, said many travellers attempted to save their baggage even though the fire was consuming the bogie. \"Almost all the passengers tried to take their bags with them,\" she said. \"This made matters worse as they blocked the path of other passengers trying to escape.\"Unable to get out of the burning coach, Teetla went through the vestibule to coach S12 and got off the train through a door in that bogie. Some passengers outside were taking photographs of the burning bogie instead of trying to help, Teetla said. \"I think I was the last person to get out of S11 alive,\" she said. \"Seconds after I got off the train, I saw fire spewing out of all the windows.\"Anusha suffered 10% burns. Doctors advised her not to leave Nellore till her condition is better as she had inhaled a lot of smoke.None could locate emergency windowEmergency window did not come in handy for the passengers who tried to escape from the inferno. Several passengers were not able to locate the windows as the coach plunged into darkness as soon as the fire broke out. The emergency window was the last thing on passenger's mind who was travelling on the train. \"With such thick smoke and darkness, I was in no position to go looking for emergency window,\" said Anusha Teetla, a doctor from Bangalore who escaped the fire.7 from TN among 11 victims identifiedSeven of the 11 victims identified after the blaze on the Tamil Nadu Express on Monday are confirmed to be from the state. Among those from the state who perished in the blaze were five members of a family. Six of the seven victims from Tamil Nadu were from Tirunelveli and one was from Chennai. Relatives found it difficult to identify the victims' bodies, as several had been charred beyond recognition. It took them a whole day to conclusively identify 10 of the 28 victims. Several victims are yet to be identified. Railways officials identified the victims from the state as Elizabeth, 46, Ponmani, 29, Thavamani, 25 and Ponmani's two children, from Tirunelveli, N Jagannathan, a sub-registrar with the cooperative department, Tirunelveli, and D Shalini of Chennai.Davidraj, an armyman in Delhi lost his entire family including his mother Elizabeth, wife Ponmani and two children. Thavamani was his wife's brother. They were returning home after visiting him in Delhi when the mishap occurred. Jagannathan had been to Delhi to attend a training programme along with his colleague A Hussain, who escaped the fire with injuries.Jagannathan's brother, D Balamurugan, searched various hospitals in Nellore for his brother, as there was no information about him. \"I visited all hospitals but did not find him,\" he said. \"I found his body when I went to the railway station. I identified his body from a deformed right toe. He had cut his toe as a child.\" He said Jagannathan had spoken to him the previous night.Samples from four of the unidentified bodies were sent for DNA tests as the railway police could not identify the gender of the victims. Relatives of the dead had to check jewellery, clothes, nail colour or deformities to identify their relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15284849", "title": "21 get life terms for 2002 Gujarat riots", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special SIT court on Monday sentenced 21 people to life imprisonment for attempt to murder and arson in the 2002 post-Godhra riot of Dipda Darwaza in which 11 Muslims were killed in Visnagar town of north Gujarat. All the victims belonged to the same family.In addition to the 21 found guilty, M K Patel, the then police inspector of Visnagar and also the first investigator of the killing, was sent to jail for one year for dereliction of duty, making him the first police officer to be convicted in a post-Godhra case.Designated judge S C Srivastava acquitted 61 others, including former BLP MLA Prahlad Gosa and the then Visnagar municipality president Dahyabhai Patel, both accused of conspiracy and inciting mobs. This was one of the nine 2002 riot cases transferred to the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) for further probe. Five of these cases have now seen convictions.All convicts except one \u2014 Ashok Parmar \u2014 belong to the politically powerful Patel community. No murder and criminal conspiracy charges were proved in this case and all accused were absolved of destruction of evidence charges.The verdict comes at a time when Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi is wooing minorities through his sadbhavana mission. To establish his secular credentials, he recently told an Urdu weekly that convictions were taking place in riots cases.The victims, including four children and five women, were killed in Chudiwas of Dipda Darwaza on February 28, 2002. Their remains were found near a pond, about a kilometer from Chudiwas.The court awarded the sentence after defence lawyers argued that the DNA samples of the victims' kin didn't match with the remains. The lawyers insisted the 11 people named as victims were not at the spot and were missing at the time. They also claimed the killers were from outside Visnagar, and not the ones named.Relatives of the victims say they will continue their fight for justice. \"We are disappointed with the verdict. We will challenge the decision in a higher court,\" said Yusufkhan Muradkhan, from the targetted family.The 21 have been convicted of various offences, including rioting, causing hurt and criminal intimidation. They have been ordered to pay fines, ranging between Rs 8,000 and 10,000. The convicted former cop will pay Rs 500 for two offences.In all, 85 people were charged for the killings. While one Vishnu Patel was found to be juvenile, and another Dahyalal Patel died during trial. Seven of the accused were arrested from the spot. While the local police arrested 79 people, SIT arrested four more, including M K Patel, after taking over the probe in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "15286236", "title": "29 pilgrims killed in Bhiwani smash-up", "text": "BHIWANI: Twenty-nine pilgrims, including 10 women and three children, were killed when the mini truck in which they were travelling collided head-on with a truck on Rajgarh-Hisar road near Sainiwas village, around 60km from here, on Monday.Around 60 pilgrims from Sisarhato village in Haryana's Kaithal district were returning from the pilgrim spot Amarpura Dham in Rajasthan when their vehicle, crammed with passengers, was smashed by a speeding fully-loaded truck on a curve at 8.30am.Twenty-two people died on the spot while seven succumbed to their injuries later.The mini truck's platform was converted into a double-decker to accommodate more passengers. Some of the passengers were asleep when the accident occurred.Nearby villagers rushed to the spot and took the injured to hospitals. Driver of the mini truck was killed in the accident.Bhiwani deputy commission Ashok Kumar Meena and other officials visited the spot.District administration spokesperson said 29 bodies have been taken to Bhiwani civil hospital. According to hospital sources, 10 of the injured are in a very critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15289519", "title": "Restore religious places damaged in Godhra riots: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday declined to suspend the Gujarat high court order directing the state government to pay for the repair of religious places damaged during the 2002 post-Godhra riots.A bench of Justice K S Radhakrishnan and Justice Deepak Misra, however, left it to the state government to formulate a scheme for the restoration of the religious places. The scheme that has been left for the state government to formulate, if it so desired, is on the lines of the one framed by the Odisha government for the restoration of churches that were damaged in the wake of 2008 anti-Christian Kandhamal riots.The court did not stay the portion of the high court observation which blamed \"inadequate action\" for the damages to the religious places.The Gujarat government also told the Supreme Court that it was considering framing a policy for compensating the trusts running the damaged sites. Appearing before the bench, advocate general for Gujarat submitted that the state government was looking at Odisha's policy as well.The bench posted the matter for further hearing on August 14 and asked the state government to brief it about the scheme on that day. The apex court's order came on an appeal by the Gujarat government against the high court order, which had asked it to pay compensation.The Gujarat government was pulled up by the high court on February 8 for its \"inaction and negligence\" during the 2002 riots, which had led to large-scale damage to various religious structures.The high court had ordered compensation for over 500 places of worships in the state on a plea by Islamic Relief Committee of Gujarat (IRCG), an NGO.The NGO had contended that 535 religious places were affected out of which 37 are yet to be repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287846", "title": "Tie him with silver strings this time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not just silken threads but silver ones too have hit the market as rakhis and lumbas to make the occasion even more sacred. Available as single threads as well as in pairs, these rakhis are decorated with colourful stones and are offered in different designs, styles and sizes.A pair of silver rakhi and lumba is not just a token of love but can also be seen as an investment, which will stay with the brother and sister-in-law forever. These silver rakhis are also considered to be very auspicious as they have images of various gods and goddesses on them.The silver lumbas are also available in the shape of bangles with decorative stone balls or a square hanging at the bottom. Priced at Rs 300 and above, these are available in silver or are gold-plated and have green, red, maroon and blue coloured stones on it. Some lumbas also have pearls stringed to the silver thread.An attractive silver lumba in the form of a kalira is selling like hot cakes. We had more than 100 such pieces and now are left with only 10 or 15. Available for Rs 850 each, these are very much in demand, said a rakhi seller in Sector 11.For men, the silver rakhis have a coin with images of gods and goddesses like Vishnu, Ganesha and Laxmi on top of it and a silver chain or a silken thread. These are available for Rs 500 and above.One can also opt for a pair of lumba and rakhi with silver coins, precious stones, pearls and beads strung in a silver or silken thread. A pair cost Rs 1,800 and above.These silver rakhis and lumbas are also available in the form of bracelets with Om, Ik Onkar, Swastik and other religious symbols on them. Silver rakhis are also available in silver thalis with roli, chawal, tikka and chocolates.Shanti Nikun, a resident of Sector 11, who bought two silver rakhis for her elder brothers said, Silver coins are always considered auspicious so a silver coin in a rakhi too would be propitious and would bring good luck, so I opted for it. Even otherwise gold and silver are auspicious.Khayati Bhardwaj, a resident of Sector 8, opted for a silver rakhi to stand out. Everyone is going to buy silken threads but there are only some who would go for this expensive rakhi, so it will definitely make my brother feel special.These rakhis can be worn as jewellery even after the festival is over and will look good with everything. Moreover these can be kept forever unlike silken threads that wear off after a few days, said Sharanpreet Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289970", "title": "No Tamil films for Asin", "text": "Of the five movies she has worked on, four of them belong to the 100 crore-club. And Asin, who has been concentrating on Bollywood now, seems unfazed. In a quick chat, she tells us her take on multi-starrers and her future plans...Four movies in the 100 - crore club. How does it feel? (laughs) I guess Aamir and I (the Ghajini pair) are the founding members of this club. Jokes apart, more than jubilee run at the BO, the film's success is decided by its collection. And I'm happy that four of my movies have found place in the club. It shows how much the audience like the effort you have put in. As an artist, I do my job and leave the rest to the audience.But, unlike in south, you have been doing only multi-starrers or films in which you don't seem to have much to do... In south, multi-starrers are a rarity. But in B-Town, they are almost the norm. And anyway, I don't mind doing such films. They are fun to work on. I sign a film only after I know what kind of scope my character has. So, I don't feel insecure or worry about being upstaged.So, does that mean you will work only on commercial potboilers? Of course not. I would love to do well-etched characters in Hindi as well, like how I did in south. But, my plan is to do commercial entertainers for now as they give you maximum reach. Once I've delivered hits and made a mark for myself, I will start doing character-driven films within the commercial format.Have you signed any film in Tamil? I don't want to repeat the characters I have done so far there. So, unless and until I get something exciting, I don't think I will sign any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15290156", "title": "Buyer's guide: Suggest a camera within a budget of Rs 10,000", "text": "I want a camera for my teenage daughter. She will mostly be using it for hobby photography and when on holidays and picnics. Kindly recommend a model within a budget of 10,000.-Sameer SaxenaGiven the advances made in digital camera technology, you can buy a very good shooter for under Rs 10,000. Here's a lowdown of the features you can expect...Image sensor and megapixels : When it comes to the image sensor of a camera, bigger is always better. In this price range - or rather in the case of point-and-shoot cameras - the sensor size is almost identical (1/2.3 inch) across all models. Still, look for a camera that has a backlit image sensor (BSI-CMOS ) or at least CMOS instead of CCD image sensor. The backlit image sensor allows for (somewhat) better photos in low light. As far as megapixels are concerned, anything above 12MP is fine. In this range, you can also get a 14MP camera.Aperture and focal length: Get a camera that has low values for both aperture and focal length. Lower values on aperture will help you get sharper images. Lower focal length will help capture wider landscape pictures. In this particular price range, most cameras have an effective minimum focal length of 28mm. As far as aperture is concerned, the average value in this price range is around F3.0.Zoom: Depending on the type of photos one wants to click, zoom can be important. And by zoom, we mean optical zoom. In this range, most cameras have at least 4X to 6X optical zoom. Battery: In your budget, you can have cameras with Lithium-Ion batteries as well as the ones that can function with normal AA batteries. Both have their advantages and disadvantages. Lithium-Ion batteries are generally preferred, but are of little use if you're not going to be near a charging point - say, when you're on a 3-day hiking trip. If your camera uses AA batteries you can at least stock up. On the other hand, a Lithium-Ion battery is economical, and allows for more shots on a single charge.And finally, some recommendations:You can't go wrong with the Canon IXUS 220 HS. It has a relatively wider lens (24-120 mm) with low aperture values (F2.7). It supports FullHD video recording; comes with a Lithium-Ion battery and 5X optical zoom. Alternatively, you might want to consider the Canon PowerShot SX150 IS that allows for better manual controls; the Nikon Coolpix S6200 and Sony CyberShot DSC-WX 50 are also good buys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15284824", "title": "Antony\u2019s note on \u2018unrest\u2019 in Army led to panel on pay", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has constituted a new high-level committee headed by the cabinet secretary to look into the long-standing pay and pension grievances of serving and retired military soldiers and submit a final report by August 8.Angry ex-servicemen have been holding regular rallies, and returning their medals as a mark of protest, for the last four years over their long-standing demand for one-rank, one-pension (OROP), which has never been implemented despite several promises by virtually all political parties over the years.Ex-servicemen have threatened to launch a nation-wide protest movement if the government does not accept OROP by August 15. The persistent feeling among even serving military officers and jawans is that they got a raw deal in the 6th Pay Commission as compared to their civilian counterparts. \"Our salaries certainly got better but, as has been happening over the years, we were again systematically downgraded in comparison to civilian and paramilitary officials in the 6th Pay Commission,\" said an Army officer.The government has reason to be worried since the defence community of 14 lakh serving and 23 lakh retired military personnel swells into a sizable \u2014 albeit diffused \u2014 votebank of around 1.5 crore people if family members are also taken into account.With the protests showing no signs of abating, a rattled government on Friday announced that cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth will chair the new committee, which will include principal secretary to the PM, Pulok Chatterji, and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma as well as secretaries from the departments of expenditure, personnel and training and ex-servicemen's welfare.For serving military personnel, the committee will examine a common payscale for in-service junior commissioned officers/other ranks; initial pay-fixation of Lt-Colonel/Colonel/Brigadiers and their equivalents; review grade pay; placing all Lt-Generals in HAG+ (higher administrative grade-plus) scale; and grant of non-functional upgradation to armed forces personnel.For ex-servicemen, the committee will examine OROP, enhancement of family pension, dual family pension and family pension to mentally/physically challenged children of military personnel on marriage.The UPA government has revised ex-servicemen pensions in recent years but they are still nowhere near reaching the OROP principle. The defence ministry, in the past, has contended full OROP is neither financially nor administratively possible. Full OROP implementation, for instance, could mean an annual outgo of another Rs 1,200-1,300 crore, apart from payment of arrears in the range of Rs 4,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285873", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express blaze: Software engineer from Hyderabad not as lucky as her friends", "text": "HYDERABAD: Among the victims of the Tamil Nadu Express mishap was a 23-year-old techie from the city, D Shalini.Shalini, a resident of Srinivas Nagar Colony in Kapra, had been working as a software engineer with Accenture in Chennai for the past one-and-a-half years.On Saturday, Shalini along with her friends Sindhu (of Warangal) and Prashanti (from SR Nagar) had travelled to Karimnagar to attend the engagement ceremony of their roommate, one Ravali. Having attended the engagement, the three friends booked a ticket to Chennai from Warangal on Tamil Nadu Express. Shalini, Prashanti and Sindhu boarded the train from Warangal on Sunday night. They were allocated berth Nos 2, 3, 4 in the ill-fated coach S11.While Shalini took the lower berth, her friends occupied the upper berths. When the fire started spreading, both Sindhu and Prashanti managed to get out of the berths and run into the adjacent compartments but Shalini was not as lucky as she got caught up in the stampede that ensued.Later, her friends recognised Shalini's charred body by the help of the jewellery she had been wearing. It is learnt from family members that after a post-mortem, the body would be shifted to the city.Shalini is survived by her parents, Hanumantha Reddy and Shoha, and her sister Sravanti. Shalini's father is into real estate business and her sister is a software engineer in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286636", "title": "Speedboat shuttle plan on Hooghly", "text": "KOLKATA: The city may ride a speedboat in its quest to turn into London. Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC), one of its last living connections with the British Raj, plans to start a high-speed ferry service on the Hooghly \u2014 just like the famous Thames Clippers.The subsidy-sucking CTC is hoping to keep itself afloat on this public-private partnership. It will cost Rs 4 crore for the project to set sail, with each boat costing Rs 50 lakh, and the Mamata Banerjee government expects good returns.The Thames Clipper service runs at 20-minute intervals and gels seamlessly with the underground and bus service. It is doing so well that there is talk of starting a \"river tube line\" to ease congestion on London's transport systems. The 132-year-old CTC hopes to reinvent itself the same way.\"If our plans work out, we shall be able to start the ferry service between Barrackpore and Babughat in Kolkata,\" said an official of the state transport department. Private partners will be roped in to reduce the government's liability and help CTC become self reliant. The company \u2014 with its rattletrap buses and trams and a 6,500-strong workforce \u2014 gobbles up Rs 200 crore of the annual subsidy of Rs 600 crore to the five state-run transport corporations.CTC managing director Shantilal Jain said that the \"speedboat service\" will connect Liluah, Bali, Belur and Howrah stations. Two of the eight boats to be bought will be air-conditioned and each will have 50 seats. Jain has opened talks with private partners and is trying to push for a Durga Puja launch. The project is in sync with chief minister Mamata Banerjee's dream of turning Kolkata into London.Officials say they are modelling their speedboat service on the one in Maldives \u2014 like the one from Male to Hulhumale that takes about seven minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15287817", "title": "Trichy issues norms for school vehicles", "text": "TRICHY: Close on the heels of the death of a girl after slipping through a hole in the floor board of her school bus in Chennai recently, the Trichy district administration on Monday evening embarked on a move to issue a CD containing guidelines for vehicles of schools and colleges in Trichy district.Representatives of more than 1,000 government-aided and private schools and colleges turned up for the meeting chaired by district collector Jayashree Muralidharan in the district collectorate. The meeting was held in the wake of officials of the two regional transport offices (RTOs) in Trichy temporarily cancelling the fitness certificates of 36 school vehicles for not complying with norms. Considering the ignorance of educational institutions to adhere to the motor vehicle rules, the Trichy transport department prepared a handbook packed with all the relevant details with regard to road safety, maintenance of school vehicles, qualification of drivers and conductors, duties of the vehicle assistant, management, parents and a circular dated December 9, 2012 issued by the transport commissioner.\"It is our duty to ensure the safety of our future generation. The school administration should appoint well trained drivers with at least 10 years of driving experience and maintain their vehicle periodically. The share auto-rickshaws should not ferry more than five children. Students travelling by two-wheelers should be asked to wear headgears,\" the collector said.\"Managements of many educational institutions do not pay heed to vehicle maintenance. So we embarked on the move in order to educate them about providing a safe journey to the children,\" S Balasubramaniam, RTO-Trichy said. Commenting on the lethargic attitudes of educational institutions, Trichy SP R Lalitha Lakshmi said, \"Don't throw away the CDs without understanding the purpose of issuing the valuable information. Especially during the peak hours, traffic rules should be followed by the educational institution vehicles to ensure safety of the children.\"The meeting mainly insisted that educational institutions appoint a person as supervisor to take care of the vehicles and a conductor be appointed for every vehicle in order to help students cross the roads. \"New institutions ailing from financial crisis indulge in using unqualified vehicles. We have imposed fines on such vehicles in the recent raids,\" a transport department official said. As of now, there are 1,052 vehicles belonging to educational institutions in the district. RTO officials have checked 565 vehicles so far and cancelled the fitness certificates for 36 vehicles. Meanwhile RTO officials say they are ailing from a severe staff crunch to completely enforce the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286448", "title": "Family allege foul play in youth's death", "text": "NAGPUR: Family members alleged foul play in the death of 25-year-old Prakash Hate whose body, with serious injuries, was found on Kamptee Road, near the Lamba Celebration Hall on Sunday night.Police has registered the case as a hit-and-run accident. Cops assumed that the injuries were a result of a mishap. The post-mortem report is awaited.Hate, a resident of Thakkargram in Pachpaoli, had married only three months ago. His wife left him in June claiming that she was tortured by in-laws and Hate. Hate's parents claimed that his wife continued an affair with a boyfriend which led to many disputes between the two .Around 2.45am, a passer-by alerted police about Hate's body. He was declared brought dead by the doctors at Mayo Hospital. According to the police, Hate's bike was found nearby in a damaged condition.His family members claimed that Hate was disturbed due to the disputes with his wife. They alleged that he would receive threatening calls from unknown person. The family has requested the police to investigate the case as murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286056", "title": "Online counselling for medicos\u2019 from August 6", "text": "HYDERABAD: The counselling of post graduate diploma/degree doctors under the compulsory rural government service programme that was postponed on Saturday would now be held online. A notification announcing the same was issued by the DME office on Monday. All the candidates have been asked to download the form from the DME website (dme.ap.niic.in) and submit the filled-in form on or before August 6 to the email id: dmegoap@yahoo.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15284700", "title": "Patients at Sawai Man Singh general wards feel the heat as power trips", "text": "JAIPUR: Patients admitted at the general wards of the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital faced a difficult time due to the power failure after the Northern Grid tripped around 2.30 am on Monday.The power was not restored till 4.25 am when the Chambal grid started supply to the hospital.The generators at the hospital managed enough supply for the ICU, emergency services, laboratories, poly trauma ward, emergency operation theatre and cardiology, neurology and medicine (CNM) wing.The general wards, however, plunged into darkness for close to two hours, a hospital official said. Security guards and hospital staff tried to calm the patients and attendants.Kishore Singh, an attendant of a patient said, \"All the patients woke up due to the heat and humid conditions inside the wards. The guards and the hospital staff tried to calm down the anxious patients.\"The staff had turned off the air conditioners to reduce the load on generators. \"We directed the staff to immediately report in case a patient's health suffers,\" the official said.Hospital superintendent Dr Virendra Singh directed deputy superintendent Dr Anil Dubey and hospital engineer Anil Sahoo to reach the hospital take stock of the situation. The officials lauded the hospital staff for managing the situation well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286845", "title": "Ramakrishna Mission to get autonomy on teachers' recruitment", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal government has decided to exempt Ramakrishna Mission (RKM)-run schools from recruiting teachers through the School Service Commission examinations for recruiting teachers, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Monday.\"For granting this autonomy to RKM, the state government will be bringing an ordinance as the assembly is not in session. The RKM had been demanding for autonomy, so we are issuing notification for the ordinance,\" added the CM.Mamata also said that the Aligarh Muslim University which is setting up a campus at Murshidabad is facing some problems due to land acquisition. \"Originally the campus was to come up on 288 acres. But there is some problem with 15 acres, so now it will be set up on 273 acres,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15287344", "title": "School bus accident: Mishaps result of human error, can\u2019t be predicted: Principals", "text": "MUMBAI: The news of another school bus accident has left school principals in a state of shock. While implementation of the school bus safety policy is almost complete and bus contractors have been given time till August 31 to instal all the safety features, schools are worried that most accidents take place because of human error. This, principals told TOI, is not in their control.\"We personally look into every detail, including the permits and safety measures in the buses in which our students travel. But we hear of so many cases where the mistake is either the driver's or a third party's . This is something we cannot predict. It is scary,\" said Seema Maindiratta, principal , DAV School, Kharghar. Many principals added that they have been regularly holding meetings with school bus contractors to ensure safety measures are followed.Some schools have also started a campaign against students being ferried in private vehicles, including autorickshaws and minivans . \"We encourage parents to send students only in school buses because we can keep a check on these. We are happy that the government is also coming down very strictly on bus contractors and they have no option but to follow the rules,\" said Sudeshna Chatterjee, principal , Jamnabai Narsee School. Chatterjee added that though her school has outsourced the bus service, it has ensured that the safety rules are followed.The school bus contractor of EuroSchool told TOI t h at t h e i r bu s e s a re equipped with all the safety measures except for speed governors, which will be installed before September 1. The school bus driver and cleaner sustained injuries in the accident and have been hospitalized. Even though the BEST bus driver has been booked, the school bus contractor is looking at stricter action. \"We are meeting school authorities on Tuesday to discuss the future course of action. This is a serious matter,\" said Christopher D'Souza , bus operator for EuroSchool.Anil Garg, president of the School Bus Owners' Association ( SBOA), pointed to the importance of speed governors in BEST buses as well. \"Most accidents that have occurred in the past few months have been due to rash driving and speeding on part of BEST bus drivers. The government should look into this problem as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285971", "title": "Hyderabad cool to Gagan Narang\u2019s Olympic triumph", "text": "HYDERABAD: On a day when a leading robot and tablet PC maker announced that they would launch a special range of products to celebrate Gagan Narang's success in London Olympics, the city was cold to the local lad's achievement. While the customary congratulations from President, PM et al poured in, and twitter was abuzz with wishes from other sports stars and sundry celebrities, the city of pearls appeared to have little time for its shooting star. Celebrations, which regularly accompany cricketing triumphs, was conspicuous by its absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15287685", "title": "Formal launch of Gaya central varsity delayed?", "text": "GAYA: The long wait of the Gayaites for the much-coveted Central University is far from over, as, despite the availability of defence land near Panchanpur, the Central University address, the initiative for its formal launch and foundation laying is yet to take place. With the Monsoon session of Parliament only a few days away, residents here will have to wait a little longer for the event to take place. But how long will the wait be, nobody, not even the Central University Struggle Committee convener Sanjay Sahay knows.What has added an element of uncertainty to the project's gestation period is the equal distribution of Rs 240 crore earlier earmarked for one central university originally planned for Bihar. Now that Bihar is to get one more Central University at Motihari, the same amount will be equally distributed between Gaya and Motihari.According to MG College principal Ghulam Samdani, early establishment of the Central University in Gaya will go a long way in improving the quality of higher education in other institutions too, as it will create a more competitive academic environment and open avenues for academic exchange programmes to make higher education more broad-based and quality conscious.The established theory of 'demonstration effect' holds good in the field of higher education too, and as such, once established, the Central University will automatically lead to a qualitative change even in institutions under the Magadh University, feels Sahay.From its present temporary location on BIT, Mesra, (Patna Campus), the CUB already in existence since 2009, is offering two years post graduate courses in bioinformatics, statistics, bio-technology, life sciences, environmental science, mathematics, computer science, communication and media studies, development studies, psychology, political science and international relations, sociology, English, Hindi and economics with an intake of 20 students each in the two-year PG Programme.According to CUB sources, as of now, the university is offering only limited academic programmes of two years duration. Once fully established, more dynamic academic programmes of inter-disciplinary and evolving nature spread over a longer time schedule will be offered to the students selected through online and off line tests conducted at the national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "15285942", "title": "Four fish seed rearing farms to be set up in Salem", "text": "SALEM: The Salem district administration has decided to set up four fish seed rearing farms in the district under the Integrated Agricultural Modernization and Water Resources Management (IAMWARM) project.It would cost Rs 4 lakh to set up one farm, of which the government has decided to give a subsidy of Rs 3 lakh and the remaining will be borne by the beneficiaries. Salem district authorities have invited applications for the fish seed rearing farms.IAMWARM project was implemented in 2007 in the state except the Cauvery basin with the help of World Bank for the benefit of the farming community.\"The departments of agricultural engineering, agricultural marketing and agribusiness, animal husbandry, horticulture, fisheries, forest, Tamil Nadu Agriculture University and environmental cell were made part of this project,\" said B Thennavan Brammarayan, inspector of fisheries (Salem).\"In Salem, the project has been implemented in the upper Vellar (Vasistanadhi) basin and Swetanadhi that covers Dharmapuri, Salem, Namakkal, Perambalur, Trichy, Villupuram and Cuddalore districts,\" said Brammarayan.According to him, 51 fish farming ponds have been set up in the upper Vellar basin and 18 have been set up in Swetanadhi basin in Salem district under this project in the last five years. Fish rearing takes place in these ponds. It also takes place in the lakes, ponds, tanks owned by Public Works Department and local bodies like municipalities, panchayats etc.The existing two fish seed rearing centres in Mettur and Anaimaduvu Dams near Vazhaipady, are not able to cater to the district's requirements of fish seeds, prompting the purchase of fish seeds from other districts and states.\"Fish farming fetches good money. Due to the low availability of fish seeds in the district, people in the business purchase fish seeds every year worth Rs 3 crore to Rs 4 crore from Thanjavur district, Kattu Mannar Koil in the Cuddalore district, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal ,\" inspector of fisheries said. The fish seed rearing farms are being set up to bridge the gap.Hence, the Salem district authority has planned to set up four fish seed rearing farms in the district under the IAMWARM project. In this regard, the authority has invited applications from the beneficiaries. The cost of one farm is Rs4lakh. Out of which, subsidy to the tune of Rs3lakh will be given to the beneficiary. The remaining Rs1lakh should be borne by the beneficiary\", said, the inspector of fisheries.He also said the farms will help meet the present requirements. Presently, the district needs 5lakh to 6lakh fish seeds.Interested persons should submit the application before August 8 to the assistant director of fisheries, Kolatur road in Mettur, the inspector of fisheries said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15288553", "title": "Con men held for duping elderly inside bank premise", "text": "MUMBAI: The Chembur police recently arrested five men reportedly for duping elderly and construction labourers inside the bank when they goes to carry out money transactions. The gang was caugjtnred handed while they tried to dupe customers at Union Bank branch Chembur branch.Police said that the gang -- Raju Singh (22), Mantri Chavan (27), Raju Bhangar (22), Vikram Singh (22) and Uma Shankar Bind (25) targetted senior citizens and migrant laborers after gaining their trust to help in counting money and flicks away money.While counting the money, the gang pretends to be a hurry and hand over the cash which is actually nicely wrapped (in handkerchief). \"Once they are done with the cash of poor targets amounting anywhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 20, 000, they manage to flee from the scene. When the targets realize the folly, it becomes too late for them and they left stranded with the bundles of thrash only,\" said Chembur police senior inspector Bhimdev Rathod.The accused were booked for cheating and are in custody till July 31. \"We have recovered Rs10,000 from the gang. Also, two bundles of nicely wrapped paper thrash was also recovered from them,\" said Rathod.He said it is an appeal to everyone that no one should speak to unknown persons either inside or outside the banks while carrying out money transactions. The criminals get acquainted with bank customers and later defraud them with their hard earned money. Do not fall prey to such con men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286557", "title": "Parents run from pillar to post searching for son", "text": "NAGPUR: Paras Gaur, aged five, had left home with Rs2 that his mother Parvati gave him for lozenge. The day was February 20 and the child never returned home. The boy went missing from Naik Talao locality in Pachpaoli. Since then, the hapless parents' wait for their second child to return is stretching endlessly.Paras's economically weak parents have not left any stones unturned to trace out their son but all efforts have come to a naught. While father, Chetak, has been searching both state-run and private shelter homes and rehabilitation centres across the state carrying a letter of Pachpaoli police that facilitated his access to such premises, mother, Parvati, spends her days waiting at the doorstep for the lost son.Second among three siblings, Paras was friendly by nature. People in the neighbourhood knew Paras but no one could recall seeing the boy with anyone. Friends and family members had searched for the boy in the adjoining localities too but no one could provide any information. Child Helpline workers too supported the parents by using their network across the country to spread the message but they too are waiting for any concrete information. The social workers, visiting the family, have kept the family's hopes alive.The family later approached the Pachpaoli police station to lodge a missing person complaint. The cops then sent out a message about the missing boy to different districts across all the states. Posters, requesting information on Paras, were circulated in railways too. Rewards were also promised to anyone who could provide information on Paras but nothing has come out of all this yet.Recently, an impostor lured by the prize money contacted the parents with false information but Pachpaoli police caught him. \"We only hope that my boy is safe and sound wherever is he now,\" said a shattered mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15284672", "title": "'Monster parents' who tortured three-year-old son may get life term", "text": "NEW DELHI: He was all of three years old when Shaurya was first rushed to hospital for consuming insecticides. Then the visits to the hospital grew frequent.For the next two years, the hospital became his second home as he wallowed in a ward with fractured ribs, a bleeding skull and smashed teeth, his sweat-swathed face bearing a starved look. Now, in his teens, Shaurya remains a victim of a 'battered baby' syndrome.But his father and his stepmother remained unmoved by his plight. They would repeatedly assault him and keep him locked without food till the child developed physical deformities. Finally, justice was delivered when the court convicted the 'monster parents' on Monday.Shaurya's father, a former Army Major, and his second wife were charged with attempt to murder and also convicted under the Juvenile Justice Act.Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat held the father, Lalit Balhara and his second wife Preeti Balhara guilty of battering Shaurya with intention to kill. Stating that the prosecution had proved the couple's guilt, the court fixed the quantum of sentence for August 1. Attempt to murder entails a maximum punishment of life imprisonment.Soon after the judgment was pronounced, the Balharas who have been out on bail throughout the trial, were taken into custody.Finally, justice after 13 yearsThe matter was first reported by TOI in 2009 when Delhi Police filed a chargesheet against the couple for attempt to murder, four years after the Delhi high court ordered an investigation.Getting justice for Shaurya, now 13, was a long hard-fought battle for his maternal grandparents.In 2005, Shaurya's grandparents had moved court seeking custody of the child, alleging his father, Lalit Balhara, and his wife, Preeti, were torturing the child after his mother died. The child was produced before the court on February 20, 2005. The court was taken aback to see the physical and mental condition of Shaurya.The court then asked doctors to file a medical report. Major Balhara and his wife underwent psychiatric consultation at the Base Hospital, Delhi Cantontment. The report stated the \"parents were unable to explain why the child sustained injuries and concluded Shaurya was suffering from a 'battered baby syndrome'- a combination of physical injuries such as broken bones, bruises, burns and malnutrition as a result of gross abuse by a parent or caregiver.After going through the reports, a division bench on February 28, 2005, handed over custody of the child to the maternal grandfather and said, \"investigation is needed to ascertain the manner in which injuries have been caused.During trial, Shaurya deposed against his parents and said he was repeatedly tortured. From locking him up in a room without food, Shaurya claimed he was often beaten with a stick when he would cry. They would also insert a stick in his mouth which broke some of his teeth.While the couple denied the allegations, saying the child was \"special\" by birth and suffered injuries after falling off chairs and tables, the medical report coupled with the child's statement proved their guilt.The court also examined 28 prosecution witnesses. Even during cross-examination by the defence counsel, Shaurya did not contradict his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15286167", "title": "Few takers for nursing home plots due to \u2018steep rates\u2019", "text": "NOIDA: The offer given by Noida Authority to displaced nursing homes inviting bids for commercial plots has found few takers due to the \"exorbitant rates\" charged for them.\" The scheme launched last week in accordance with the Supreme Court's directions offered non-residential plots ranging between 1,000 to 2,000 square metres. However, of the 50-odd displaced nursing homes, just about a couple have shown interest in the scheme so far.The nursing home owners said the \"steep cost\" of the Authority's new scheme and the cumbersome construction work they will have to take up on the plots does not seem like a lucrative proposal. \"Besides the high land cost of Rs 4-5 crore, nursing homes owners will have to put in several lakhs for construction work that will also be time consuming. Add to it the annual lease rent they will then have to pay to the Authority for the next 11 years,\" said Dr AC Bisaria, president, IMA Noida. \"Such huge investments to set up the clinics and nursing homes will make it very difficult to offer inexpensive medical facilities,\" he added.Many displaced nursing home owners are contemplating shifting their operations to vacant plots in the urban villages where the Authority permits commercial activity in 50% of the total area. Besides being close to residential sectors, these areas offer vacant space at comparatively cheaper rates.Earlier this year, the Authority had witnessed a similar reaction to its scheme offering alternate plots to displaced banks. Most banks opted out of the scheme citing steep costs and, instead, shifted to vacant spots in the urban villages across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286676", "title": "Students want exam reforms", "text": "NAGPUR: A students delegation met Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and requested him to reform the exam system. Led by a member of India Against Corruption (IAC) Nagpur chapter, Dhiraj Agashe, the delegation said the system causes inconvenience and academic as well as financial loss to students.They demanded overhaul of revaluation mechanism, provision for photocopies of answer sheets within a week for Rs2, and then one week to apply for revaluation. They also insisted on declaration of revaluation result within seven days, so people who have to apply for supplementary exam can do so within the time limit.They also want re-exam fees to be limited to number of subjects a student appears for. The students also want exams to be spread over a shorter time period and results declared within 45 days, as per norms. A copy of demands was also mailed to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15284979", "title": "Bar women get top cop's assurance", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Hotel's Bar and Restaurant's Working Women Welfare Association, which has been fighting police harassment of women working at bars and restaurants, said police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji has finally addressed their issues. He said police would comply with the Supreme Court and high court verdicts.The Karnataka High Court decision to allow women to work at bars brought smiles to 2,000 women in 2008 who lost their jobs due to the ban of women on working at bars. However, many restaurants and bars often complained of police harassment that continued even after the order was passed. The association had sought the police commissioner's intervention to allow the court order to be implemented.\"The commissioner has finally told us police force will comply with the High Court and Supreme Court orders. However, some local police stations still continue to harass and have asked many bars where women are employed to shut down. We plan to approach the human rights commission on this,\" said Jeevan BN, spokesperson of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286863", "title": "NDA recruitment scam: Bail pleas of Colonels, others rejected", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Monday rejected the regular bail pleas of Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the National Defence Academy (NDA)commandant, and five others in the alleged class IV recruitment scam at the NDA.The others include NDA Colonel Anil Kumar Singh, presiding officer of the recruitment board, its establishment officer S S Waghmare and private persons Balkrishna Kanojia, Vishnu Sharma and Ramesh Gaikwad.The CBI had arrested eight suspects in the scam. They had filed bail pleas after they were sent to judicial custody remand.Opposing the bail pleas, CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena said the recruitment scam is a case of \"single\" conspiracy for filling 97 vacancies of class IV employees, where not only Indians but even foreign nationals impart training.Fearing that if the Colonels are released on bail, they will visit the academy and may threaten and influence witnesses, as some of them are their subordinates, Saxena argued that their release will set a bad precedent among NDA cadets. According to Saxena, several candidates, who have paid bribes, are coming forward to give their statements against the suspects and the CBI is in the process of recording their confessional statements under section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code. Saxena feared that the Colonels, who are high ranking officials, may create hurdles in the investigation which is at a critical stage.The prosecutor argued that Col Kulbir Sing had allegedly received bribes from private persons and he had routed the money to Col Anil Kumar Singh to finalise the recruitment of undeserved candidates. The CBI prosecutor made a forceful submission that recruiting undeserved candidates will pose a security threat to the nation.The agency has seized Rs 1.86 crore from various suspects in searches conducted at their offices, residences and other places, he added.Defence lawyers S K Jain, Sudhir Shah and Suchit Mundada pleaded to release the suspects on bail on the grounds that the CBI has completed the investigations and detaining their client in judicial custody will not serve any purpose. The lawyers assured the court that their clients will not visit NDA and will abide by the conditions imposed by the court if they were released on bail.The judge, while rejecting the bail pleas, observed the investigations in the scam are in progress and statements of several witnesses are to be recorded.The court had rejected bail pleas of the two private persons, Dattatraya Shitkal and Manoj Shitkal, on July 26.CBI to conduct scientific testsThe CBI deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh has filed a plea before the special court judge D R Mahajan seeking itspermission to conduct narco analysis, polygraph and brain mapping tests on the National Defence Academy Colonels Kulbir Singh and Anil Kumar Singh and its establishment officer S S Waghmare in the alleged recruitment scam.The CBI has also filed a plea to conduct polygraph test on private persons Balkrishna Kanojia, Vishnu Sharma, Ramesh Gaikwad, Dattatraya Shitkal and Manoj Shitkal. The court has directed the suspects to reply to the CBI pleas on August 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285706", "title": "25 girls rescued from Meerut", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-five girls from east India who were brought to Delhi and sold to various UP brothel owners have been rescued from the red light area in Meerut.The home ministry, which oversaw the rescue operation, said it was investigating whether Delhi-based traffickers had shifted base to Agra and Meerut after Delhi Police began a crackdown on them.Four traffickers have been arrested. According to sources, all the girls rescued from the brothels of Kawari Bazaar in Meerut on July 27 revealed a distinct link between GB Road brothels in Delhi and the red light area in Meerut. Most of the girls said they were first forced into prostitution in GB Road brothels before being shifted to Meerut.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights had received information about the girls from a NGO-based in Varanasi. Guardians of a few girls also met the NCPCR chairperson on July 23. Most of the girls are from West Bengal and Nepal .They were produced before the child welfare committee, Meerut, and given shelter in Nari Niketan.CWC has ordered their medical examination by a panel of doctors with at least two women members guided by the chief medical officer. It has also ordered their bone ossification test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285778", "title": "BJP to brainstorm on polarization politics", "text": "LUCKNOW: With its eyes firmly on the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party will hold its 'chintan baithak' in Agra on August 5 and 6 amid strong speculations that the party may revert to its old pro-Hindu avatar. The saffron party had to shed its hardliner character after 1998 when the compulsion of alliance politics forced it to do so.But now party insiders say that the 'blatant pro-minority stance' of the Samajwadi Party government in UP and Congress-led UPA at the Centre has given it enough ammunition to polarize the Hindu votes in its favour. It was the politics of polarisation in the wake of the Ram janmbhoomi movement which led to a sudden surge in the popularity graph of the party and it went on to form government at the Centre and in several states.The final nod on this shift is likely be given after the two-day deliberation in Agra. However, the fact that the BJP has already started protesting against several pro-minority decisions by the SP government is, in itself, a strong indication, a party insider told TOI.The two-day meeting at Agra will be attended by over top 150 leaders from the state, apart from the party's national president Nitin Gadkari. The other prominent leaders expected to attend the meeting are former national president Rajnath Singh , former MP chief minister Uma Bharti, Vinay Katiyar, Ramlal, national vice-presidents Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Lucknow MLA Kalraj Mishra, etc.The meeting is also likely to give shape to the party's strategy in the state for the next nine months in view of the upcoming 2014 Lok Sabha elections, which many believe might take place even earlier. Even BJP state chief Laxmikant Bajpayi pointed this out, saying: \"Why 2014, Lok Sabha election will be held in 2013.\"Althhough Bajpayi said that agenda for the 'baithak' would be discussed shortly, party insiders confided to TOI that the saffron brigade has a readymade issue in hand to be raked up as the ruling 'Samajwadi Party had been making continuous efforts in the past three months to appease Muslims.\"Some of these Muslim appeasement policies including constructing walls around Muslim graveyards and providing scholarship of Rs 30,000 to Muslim girls have been opposed by the state BJP leadership,\" a party senior leader told TOI and added that vehement protest by the state leadership itself spoke of the direction in which the party was heading.It was during the voting for presidential election that Charkhari MLA Uma Bharti had questioned the rationale of Akhilesh-led Samajwadi Party government behind istributing Rs 30,000 to Muslims while keeping girls of other religion and caste away from the benefit.The firebrand senior BJP leader has even threatened to stage a demonstration along with dalit girls and other weaker section of society if the SP government didn't expand the benefits for others or withdraws the decision.Similarly, the state BJP president has on several occasions lambasted the SP government for taking the Muslim appeasement policy to graveyards. \"Why has the SP government announced construction of walls around Muslim graveyards while ignoring all other religions,\" Bajpayi had questioned.Elaborating on the Agra meeting's agenda, BJP spokesperson Vijay Pathak said: \"A session at the two-day deliberation will be focused on the functioning of the Akhilesh-led SP government reflects extreme pro-minority policy.\"The success of the party in the mayoral election has charged the cadre enough to intensify and carry on with protest against SP government's pro-minority stance till 2014 Lok Sabha election. During the Agra meeting, the party would also decide how to go forward with organizational elections, Pathak further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "malda/kolkata", "code": "15286786", "title": "No legal hassle to School Service Commission re-test: Chairman Chittaranjan Mandal", "text": "MALDA/KOLKATA: School Service Commission chairperson Chittaranjan Mandal on Monday had to eat his words and order re-examination at all the five examination centres in Howrah, Hooghly, Burdwan, Malda and South 24-Parganas on September 2.Coming under pressure from education minister Bratya Basu and chief minister Mamata Banerjee , the SSC chairperson took a U-turn the day after he pointed to legal hassles that might come in the way of a re-test. \"There is no legal hassle. I say this after talking to lawyers conversant with the rules of public examinations such as CAT, those conducted by the Railway Board,\" said Mandal while announcing the re-examination.The education minister said that the government has ordered inquiry at two levels - at the departmental level and also at the district level. \"District magistrates have been asked to submit their reports to the government,\" Basu said.Mandal is now busy preparing the preliminary report that he has been asked to submit to the education minister on what went wrong in the conduct of the SSC examination. The report should reach Bratya Basu within 48 hours.Submitting the report on time won't relieve Mandal of his responsibility. He has to identify the loopholes and plug them before September 2 when candidates at five centres take the re-examination.It isn't just about delay in distribution of question papers, the SSC needs to probe deeper. For instance, invigilators at Enayetpur High School, Malda, seem unaware of Bluetooth devices that were allegedly put to use by candidates. Few candidates were seen taking the School Service Commission examination in this school with Bluetooth devices. They allegedly used the device to communicate with their friends outside to get a ready answer to their questions. Invigilators apparently didn't stop them because they had kept the cellphones at the designated place, metres outside the examination hall. And, the ban on Bluetooth was not mentioned in the SSC directive.No wonder, the school authorities did not find anything wrong in it as there was no clear direction on the blue tooth kit. \"I haven't heard of it although reports of candidates carrying cellphones inside examination halls have reached us. I'll certainly look into it,\" said Abdul Wahab, SSC chairman (Northern Zone).The Bluetooth controversy apart, confusion continues over re-examination. On Monday, chairman of central SSC Chittaranjan Mandal announced that re-examination would be held at five venues including Malda Women's College where 489 candidates could not take their Bengali (pass) examination owing to the lack of question papers. But seven candidates of Pakuahat could not take examination at the venue of Barlow Girls School on their Work Education paper. Purbasha Biswas, Gayatri Burman and others lodged a complaint to SSC (North Zone) that they were supplied only 1st part of the question paper carrying 30 marks. The invigilators did not supply them the 2nd part comprising 30 marks more.However, the invigilators didn't take note of the complaint. Instead, the candidates who made the complaint were confined in a room for more than an hour with a promise to provide the second part. But that didn't happen. The school authority, visibly embarrassed, kept silent on this issue. Wahab said, \"I've got the complaint of the candidates but school did not inform me anything regarding this.\" Regarding their re-examination Wahab said, \"The decision will be taken by central SSC not here.\"Seven candidates such as Md Mostarin, Saiful Islam and others faced a similar plight as they could not take their examination on Arabic at Harirampore Chandmohan Daga Balika Bidyalay. Question papers did not reach there even after the scheduled time.Besides, number of venues reported getting the packets of question papers with broken seals. The fear of leakage of question papers was not removed. Wahab conceded, \"We have got the reports of broken seals of question papers. But why did the venue in charge accept those packets?\"With a total 7.5 lakh candidates taking the SSC examination, education department officials maintain that the SSC is no less important than the higher secondary or Madhyamik examination. But unlike the other public examinations, the SSC didn't involve the district administration and the police. As a result, there was lack of coordination with the district administration.To probe the goof up in detail, the SSC chairperson has called a meeting of all the five zonal chairpersons - north, east, west, south and southeast. - to take stock of the situation and chart out a comprehensive road map for a seamless conduct of the announced re-examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287738", "title": "Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee bid to get back its land", "text": "PATNA: Congress is facing problem of a different kind in Bihar. Its land, buildings and other immovable properties in different parts of the state have been unauthorisedly grabbed by unscrupulous persons. At some places, Congressmen or people close to them are playing the villain.The situation has reached such a pass that the more than a century old party on Monday announced to observe the coming month of August as 'Sampatti Bachao Mahina (Save Properties Month)' in entire Bihar. State Congress president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser on Monday issued a directive to all block presidents asking them to ensure the party's hold on its properties and buildings.Admitting that the situation of land grab was very alarming in many blocks, Kaiser on Monday told TOI that the party's block and district presidents had been categorically asked to identify the grabbers, whosoever they might be, and lodge FIR/ criminal cases against them in the courts/police stations concerned to ensure release of the party's land from the possession of grabbers at the earliest possible.To a question, Kaiser didn't rule out the possibility of connivance of party men in land grabbing. He said immovable properties worth about Rs 1,000 crore of the party were presently under illegal control at different places in Bihar. The block presidents had also been asked to prepare a list of the party's land and other properties in their respective blocks and send it to the BPCC headquarters, so that the Pradesh Congress could compile a list of its properties across the state, Kaiser said.\"Since most of the party offices at the district and block headquarters are situated at prime locations, their value today is in crores. As the value of land is rising day by day, the grabbers are applying all possible tactics to get the party land registered in their name,\" said party spokesperson Prabhat Kumar Singh, adding that Kaiser recently received complaints from various districts about illegal grabbing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287285", "title": "IIT professor claims presence of \u2018channels\u2019 that regulate body", "text": "CHENNAI: Do ECG, a pulse sensor and a Doppler have a role in a workshop on 'varma kalai,' the ancient healing art? These instruments were used, at a recent two-day event \"Dasa Naadi: Clinical and Scientific Exploration\" at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras, to check if the Dasa Naadi, the 10 channels which are said to be part of the 96 siddha fundamental principles and also a basic component of the 'varma kalai', were present in the human body. Experiments at the workshop proved that they do, said experts.Siddha treatment is based on the '10 channels', but their presence in the body is yet to be proved. \"We have been researching this line since 2007. This is the first time we have been able to prove the channels' presence in the body by using ECG, pulse sensor and Doppler,\" said M Manivannan, associate professor, department of applied mechanics, IIT-M. The study was based on the detailed pathways , relation to each other and the clinical significance of the channels in the body.The most important experiment at the workshop related to the regulation of 'vaata', 'pitta', 'kapha' by pressing vital points in the body.When he started his research in 2007, Manivannan's first challenge was to prove the existence of the three elements scientifically. \"Although all theories of ayurveda and siddha are based on their existence, there was no scientific evidence. So I got a 'varmaniam' expert (one who reads vital points in the body) to check the level of 'vaata', 'pitta', 'kapha' in a person's body by taking the pulse at three different spots on the arm. The experiment proved the levels of the three can be controlled by touching the vital points,\" he said. The test was repeated three times to check the result was correct.S Arjunan of Varmaniam Foundation said: \"The findings will help further research in this field.\" According to him, 'vaata', composed of air, controls movements in the mind and body, while 'pitta' composed of fire and water, governs metabolism and transformation. 'Kapha', cements the elements and provides material for physical structure.At least 60 students and 15 faculty members from various siddha and ayurveda colleges in Tamil Nadu participated in the workshop, jointly organised by Touchlab, Biomedical Engineering Group, IIT-M and Varmaniam Foundation, Kanyakumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286707", "title": "Dragonair flies into Kolkata in November", "text": "KOLKATA: Dragonair, the sister airline of Cathay Pacific Airways , will touch down at Kolkata late in the night on November 2 following an assurance from Airports Authority of India (AAI) that the new integrated passenger terminal will be fully operational by then. The return flight will take off shortly after midnight on November 3.Dragonair officials, led by general manager ( South Asia , Middle East &amp; Africa ) Tom Wright , had visited the city a couple of months ago and met representatives of the state government, Kolkata airport and the travel trade community. The airline had then made it clear that it would land in Kolkata only if it can operate from the new terminal.\"The current international terminal in Kolkata is in a shambles. We don't want to commence services from there as it does not go with our brand image or service standards,\" an official had told TOI.With AAI beginning trial operations at the international section of the airport earlier this month, sources said airport authorities were confident of catering to all international flights in a couple of months. However, a couple of key areas remain to be addressed, including aerobridges that are still to arrive from Indonesia and immigration checks that are yet to be in place at the new facility.Airport officials said both the issues will be sorted out by next month end so that all international flights can migrate to the new terminal by September-October.The arrival of Dragonair will mark the return of a Hong Kong-based carrier to Kolkata after four decades. Cathay Pacific, which flew into Kolkata in 1953, bid adieu to the city in 1970. It was the first among several airlines to abandon Kolkata. KLM, Royal Nepal, Royal Jordanian , Royal Brunei, Gulf Air, Malaysian Airlines, Jet-Star Asia, British Airways , Lufthansa and GMG followed in due course.\"The new four-times-weekly service to Kolkata will offer more travel choices and greater convenience for passengers travelling between Hong Kong and Eastern India. The new service will be operated by Airbus A320 aircraft,\" a Dragonair official said. It is the second airline to touch down after the Mamata Banerjee government was sworn into office. Singapore Airline's sister carrier Silk Air had commenced operations last year with a four days-a-week service to complement Singapore Airline's thrice-a-week frequency.Kolkata is Dragonair's second passenger destination in India, adding to the current daily service between Hong Kong and Bengaluru. Travellers can connect through the Hong Kong hub to and from Dragonair's Mainland China network as well as destinations in North America and Australia.Travel Agents Federation of India chairman (east) chairman Anil Punjabi said the arrival of the flight will be a big boost to the city and he hoped more airlines will follow suit once the new terminal is in operation. \"The airline will also offer great connections to the west coast of US,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15289789", "title": "Odisha forest officer Surendra Mohapatra released on bail in US", "text": "NEW YORK: Senior Indian Forest Service officer Surendra Prasad Mohapatra, detained by Pennsylvania police and charged with indecent assault after a woman hotel worker complained against him, has been released on bail.Mohapatra will appear in court for a preliminary hearing on August 1 in a Pennsylvania court.Sources told PTI that Mohapatra was released on bail on Friday and came to the city where he visited officials at the Indian Consulate here on Monday.Officials at the consulate have been in constant touch with Mohapatra ever since he was arrested by the police in Pennsylvania's Matamoras town on July 24 after a woman staff worker at the hotel where he was staying accused him of \"sexual assault.\"Sources said Mohapatra denies any wrongdoing. India's ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao, who was in the city to attend an event, said the matter is being investigated and did not make any further comment on the case.The consulate officials have been working on getting legal assistance to Mohapatra as well as sorting out the bail modalities. They are also making arrangements for his stay in the US while he fights his case in court.Mohapatra is unlikely to get any diplomatic immunity as he does not have a diplomatic passport but an official one, the sources added.Mohapatra was arraigned in a Pennsylvania court on July 25 and faces charges of indecent assault and false imprisonment. He had been detained at the Pike County correctional facility in Pennsylvania.A bail amount of $35,000 had been set for Mohapatra. He is scheduled to appear again in court before Magisterial District Justice Deborah Fischer for his preliminary hearing on August 1.Mohapatra, who is said to be a 1985-batch IFS officer, was part of a group of 30 Indian officers visiting the US for a mid-career training programme at the Syracuse University in New York.The incident is reported to have happened on late Tuesday night last week when Mohapatra had a problem with the internet connection in his hotel room and had asked the reception for help.A woman came to his room but was unable to fix it and left. The police turned up about two hours later and arrested Mohapatra after the woman filed a complaint.Mohapatra is the regional chief conservator of forests at Sambalpur in Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284704", "title": "Drunk MBA graduate returning home from party runs over 2", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men died on Sunday night when a car driven by a 22-year-old hit them from behind on a flyover in Marol. The police said the driver was inebriated at the time of the accident.Lalit Sharma, an MBA graduate who works as a manager in a courier company, was returning home in his Maruti Swift from a party at a friend's home in Sher-e-Punjab in Andheri (East). Racing down the Vijay Nagar flyover, he reportedly lost control of the car and slammed it into Meen Bahadur (50) and Himlal Khanal (45). Bahadur worked as member of a south Mumbai five-star hotel's kitchen staff, while Khanal worked in an Andheri (E) restaurant. The two were walking together to Sainath Nagar, Marol.The impact threw Bahadur off the bridge and grievously injured Khanal. Both later died in hospital.The police arrested Sharma and charged him under section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the Indian Penal Code.He was produced on Monday before the Andheri magistrate court for custody. Magistrate B B Pantavane questioned if the case was fit for application of section 304 and if the police had examined the case thoroughly enough. In particular, the court asked if the accused had committed the crime with prior intention. It recommended to the police to reconsider their decision and examine if section 304 (A) of the IPC should be applied instead.Section 304 (A) is considered to be a lighter offence meant for 'causing death by negligence'; it attracts a jail term of up to two years or a fine or both. In contrast, section 304-II is non-bailable and attracts a prison term of up to 10 years.Owing to the differences, the court hearing was adjourned twice during the day. At one point, the magistrate called the case investigating officer who had gone home after completing his night shift. The police, nevertheless, stuck to their stand. Eventually, the court remanded Sharma in police custody until August 1.Officers said Sharma partied till late at a friend's residence in Sher-e-Punjab on Sunday. Driving back to his residence at Raj Paradise in Marol in his Maruti Swift, he took the Vijay Nagar flyover. Somewhere on the bridge, he lost control of the vehicle.Officers said a shocked Sharma was unable to move out of his car. Passers-by apprehended the 22-year-old and handed him over to the police. An officer said initial medical tests showed he was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the incident.Meanwhile, the police took Bahadur and Khanal to hospital, where they succumbed to injuries. Their relatives claimed the bodies for last rites from Cooper Hospital on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15290142", "title": "Industries blame state electricity board for lack of power to run units", "text": "RANCHI: Industries operating in Jharkhand are facing a tough time with the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) neither providing them power nor allowing the companies to purchase electricity from other power producers.The companies claim that they are facing difficult times in meeting power requirement and whenever they apply for procurement permission, the Board turns it down saying that it has sufficient power.Any company which wants to purchase power from outside the state is required to get the approval of the state power board as it has to use the transmission line of the Board to draw power.More than dozen applications were turned down by the Board over the last few months with a claim that they are in position to meet the power requirement.An official of steel and mining company whose application was turned down by the JSEB, said despite repeated requests no one in the board was ready to listen to them.\"We cannot take legal action or lodge complaint with the energy department as the soard will start penalizing us on some flimsy pretext and even a day's closure of the unit will result in losses running into lakhs of rupees,\" said the official.JSEB spokesperson P K Srivastava, however, said the allegations of the companies were baseless. \"We are in position to provide adequate electricity to the companies and if any unit claims that they are facing problem it is baseless. The Board has sufficient power and, as such, it will not give permission to any company to purchase power from other producer till the time it (JSEB) can meet the demand,\" said Srivastava.At the same time, he admitted that there were minor problems when there's breakdown in any generation unit. \"Generation units of NTPC and DVC also develop snag. We don't see this as a valid reason for allowing companies to purchase power from outside,\" he said.However, taking the matter seriously deputy energy secretary VK Mishra said if the companies were really facing any problem they should approach electricity regulatory commission. \"No one can stop a company from purchasing power if it has sufficient reason to back its demand. These companies should approach the commission and I am hopeful that they will get permission within 15 days form date of filing of application,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286664", "title": "No takers for railway car parking stand", "text": "NAGPUR: There are no bidders for the car parking lot at the Santra Market side of the railway station. Since November, Central Railway employees were operating the stand but a few days ago they were withdrawn. Currently, car parking is free at east side.\"It was not wise to utilize our employees for parking work. We will float fresh tenders,\" said Sumant Deulkar, the Central Railway senior divisional commercial managerHe says the earnings when a railway man operated the stand were between Rs600 and Rs1,000 per day. It adds up to around Rs3.50 lakh per annum. The Railways pegged the offer price at Rs4 lakh which prospective bidders said was too little.The Central Railway will float fresh tenders in 15 days. The new contractor will be in place by September-end. On meeting revenue targets, Dr Deulkar said potential areas like advertising and publicity will be explored to the hilt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15286026", "title": "Residents block Palakkad road for water", "text": "COIMBATORE: Armed with empty plastic vessels, over 100 residents of Chunnambukalvai in Kuniamuthur blocked the Palakkad Road for nearly 90 minutes on Monday morning demanding regular supply of water to their homes. Traffic in the area was disrupted and buses to Palakkad had to be diverted via Athupalam and Sundarapuram.Police officials from Kuniamuthur rushed to the spot soon after the protest started at 9pm and tried to pacify the group. When talks failed, corporation south zone assistant commissioner (in-charge) Ganeshwaran arrived at the spot and promised that water supply to the area will be restored. He said that the water supply was disrupted due to a power shortage face by the civic body. However, the residents gheraoed the official and said that they will give up their protest only after water supply resumes.Later, the official said that the process of supplying water to different areas was being streamlined and promised that Siruvani water will be brought in lorries if the dire situation continues. Only then did residents give up their protest and disperse.The residents of Chunnambukalvai are not getting proper water supply for the last one month, said sources. There are over 500 families living in the area. All the homes used to get Siruvani water, but recently their area fell under the Aliyar water scheme. Ever since, residents have been complaining of infrequent water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286901", "title": "State reported 28 k more dog-bite cases in 2011-12", "text": "PUNE: Dog-bite cases in the state rose between April 2011 and March 2012. The state reported 2.89 lakh cases, an increase of over 28,000 when compared to last year's 2.61 lakh cases.Pune district (excluding areas under Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations) reported over 26,000 dog-bite cases in 2011-12, about 7,000 more than the previous year.Health officials attributed the rise to increased awareness among the victims and better reporting of cases. However, health activists said the rise was because of lack of sterilisation methods for dogs in rural parts and unhygienic conditions in smaller towns and villages across the state resulting in rising dog menace.\"The state government provides anti-rabies vaccine to all district and rural hospitals. There is adequate provision for medicines and essential vaccination. Civil surgeons have been told to initiate awareness measures so that a dog bite is reported and treated immediately at the nearest hospital. It is an important reason leading to reporting of more cases,\" said Archana Patil, director of state health department.Suryakant Nisale, assistant director at the directorate of state health services, said, \"The phobia about the old vaccine is diminishing among rural people. Unlike the old vaccine, the current vaccine course is short and effective and they do not have to take 14 shots. Hence, more people bitten by dogs are coming to hospitals and more cases are getting registered.\"\"Local and state health officials have been asked to take adequate measures to curb the menace of stray dogs in these districts,\" she added.A study carried out in three randomly selected primary health centres (PHCs) in Pune district found that immediate care like washing of the wound with soap and water was practiced by only 23.5% of the patients and a majority did not report immediately to primary health centres for treatment.\"Local wound treatment which is immediate flushing and washing of the wound, scratches and adjoining areas with plenty of soap and water, preferably under a running tap for at least five minutes can reduce the chances of developing rabies by up to 80%. But people living in villages still resort to using lime, bitter gourd leaves and turmeric to pack the wound which aggravates the condition,\" said district civil surgeon Vinayak More.Another study in Nanded district found that more than half the cases did not receive any first aid. Only 5.1% cases had received effective first aid.There is no preventive measure in rural areas, like those taken by the municipal corporations to vaccinate dogs, \"The state government should initiate mass vaccination of dogs to prevent life-threatening situations rising from rabid dogs in villages and small towns,\" said a doctor from rural hospital in Pune.Cause for concernYear Dog-bite cases2010-11 2,61,4262011-12 2,89,461Dog-bite casesThane 30,831 27,104Raigad 17,359 14,767Solapur 26,658 25,154Nashik 11,673 12,933Pune, Osmanabad and Aurangabad reported considerable increase in dog-bite cases while Jalna, Parbhani, Jalgaon, Latur, Beed, Nanded and Amaravati also reported more than 10,000 cases each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15290174", "title": "Divya's Sunday adventure", "text": "The recently-concluded fashion week at Chennai saw quite a lot of actors from both the south and Bollywood attend it. While some walked as showstoppers, the others just came to catch the action. Actress Divya Spandana (also known as Ramya) made a surprise visit to the event on the finale day (Sunday), to bail out a friend in crisis.Word has it that Divya was not scheduled to make an appearance at the fashion week. But, owing to a last minute emergency, her friends from Chennai requested her to walk as the showstopper for the grand finale. The actress obliged and took the next available flight to Chennai. She managed to land in the hotel only past 10 pm, when she rushed to get ready for the show.Divya eventually wore a beautiful black dress by designer Pria Kataaria Puri , for the show that took off around midnight. And all her friends stayed on to cheer her as she sashayed down the ramp. The ramp-shy Divya was seen coming out asking her friends if she did walk right. And a few of her fans went up to Divya inquiring on her next signing in Kollywood, to which she replied that she would sign on one as soon as she finds the right script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15286591", "title": "Two women arrested for 'selling drugs'", "text": "GURGAON: Two women were arrested on Monday afternoon for allegedly selling drugs in Nathurpur village and its nearby areas. Police conducted a raid in the village and recovered 48gm of hashish from their possession after a group of women from the same village lodged a complaint against the two at the DLF-II police station.\"The accused women were identified as Ruby Begum,39 and Rahisa Begum,41, natives of Mahendragarh district. They confessed that they had been selling hashish for the past many months and had several clients in and around the village,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO, DLF-II police station.Accordingto police, a group of women from Nathupur village me the SHO of DLF-II police station and lodged a complaint agaisnt the duo on Monday morning. In their complaint, they alleged that the two were selling hashish and other drugs in the village On the basis of the complaint, SHO, DLF-II police station constituted a women police team to investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15287819", "title": "Course trouble for students as Teachers Recruitment Board rejects them", "text": "MADURAI: Students of the department of English, Sri Meenakshi Government College for Women laid siege to the district collectorate on Monday after they came to know that their degree on Communicative English was not considered eligible by the Teachers Recruitment Board (TRB). Several old students, as well as present students in large numbers thronged the collectorate during the public grievance redressal day meeting and submitted a petition to the district collector, Anshul Mishra, seeking the intervention of the district administration.In 1997, the college renamed the BA English course as BA Communicative English. Hundreds of students passed out during these years and were placed in both private and government jobs. However, the issue came to light recently after two of the old students were rejected in TRB postings with the reason that the candidate does not possess prescriptive degree. Only then, the students realised that there was no Government Order to term the course equivalent to BA English. Panicked, the students apparently approached the department, which assured them that they will take measures to include the course in the GO but it will take at least another six months. Agitated, the students decided to submit a petition to district administration.B Muthupriya, who was from the first batch of Communicative English in 1999 had cleared the TRB examinations with 89 marks in 2012 but she was not given the appointment after TRB rejected her degree. Speaking to reporters, she said that she had approached the court in this regard and obtained an interim stay on postings. \"When we sought the details through an RTI, it was revealed that Communicative English is not equivalent to English Literature degree,\" she said.Another candidate, K Lakshmi who was also turned down by the TRB, said, that other than few papers, the curriculum was of BA English. \"In spite of securing top marks of 87 cut off in TRB exams, I was not given the job due to this and others who secured lower marks got postings,\" she charged.The girl students also charged that the college authorities are not giving proper replies to them and threatening the present students not to join their old students.Some of the parents who accompanied the students complained that the college failed to get the degree equivalent in GO. T Chandrasekar, one of the parents, said that the GO No. 133 passed on June 4 has approved four other English degrees as equivalent to BA English, but the college failed to take measures to include Communicative English in the GO.\"The future of our girls is at stake due to the mistake committed by the college management. After this TRB issue, even the BEd colleges are not enrolling the students who passed this degree,\" said R Selvakumaran, another parent of a student who was denied permission in a city BEd college. The students and parents have now urged the government to issue a GO making the course equivalent to BA English. Upon receiving their petition, district collector, Anshul Mishra ordered the joint director of college education to look into the matter and take necessary steps.When contacted, the college sources said that they have changed the BA English degree as Communicative English based on instructions from the University Grants Commission with the intention of providing more job-oriented papers. The college management is taking measures to get the course equivalent to BA English through a GO, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286404", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation reviews fire safety norms", "text": "NASHIK: With members expressing concerns over the implementation of new fire safety norms, on grounds that it would not be practical in old buildings, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Monday referred back the proposal seeking details from the health, town planning and fire departments.The proposal to appoint an agency to conduct audits on residential and commercial buildings having a height of more than 15 metres was tabled on Monday at the NMC's general body meeting (GBM).The norms over fire safety have been made mandatory by the state government. Submission of an NOC from the fire department has been made compulsory for the hospitals during their licence renewal. With an aim to check fire safety measures taken by the residential and commercial buildings, the NMC administration had tabled its proposal to appoint the agency responsible for fire audits to ensure regulations were being met.But corporators demanded that old buildings be exempted from the new fire safety norms since these call for structural changes. They also demanded a stay or an extension of the deadline for hospitals and maternity homes to fulfil norm requirements. The members had also demanded an extension of the deadline for renewal of licences for hospitals and maternity homes, from the present deadline of one year to three years.Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said the resolution over extension of licence renewal would be examined. \"The possibility of exempting old buildings from adopting structural changes as per fire safety norms will be reviewed, but fire safety equipment installation will be compulsory,\" Khandare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15285132", "title": "Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen brings up party issue", "text": "MANGALORE: The alleged molestation and beating up of girls by the moral brigade in Mangalore on Saturday evening found an echo in the high court on Monday.Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen twice expressed concern about the incident, while hearing PILs not related to the issue. First, when a person presented a memo mentioning the PIL he had filed on the foreign jaunt of MLAs when the state was reeling under drought, the CJ wanted to know why he preferred this subject and not the Mangalore incident.The second occasion was while hearing a PIL relating to a script dispute of Konkani language petitioner Eric Ozario, a Mangalorean. The Chief Justice again mentioned the Mangalore incident, saying such unfortunate things shouldn't have happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15285434", "title": "HC hearing in Shukla pleas to continue today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court will continue to hear the writ petitions filed by former principal secretary, medial and health, Pradeep Shukla, on Tuesday as the hearing could not be concluded on Monday.Senior IAS officer Shukla is cooling heels behind the bars in connection with multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) case. Shukla has challenged five FIRs registered against him under the Prevention of Corruption Act in Ghaziabad and Noida. The FIRs were lodged by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against him regarding NRHM scam and other issues.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Pankaj Naqvi on the writ petitions filed by Shukla.The counsel, appearing for the petitioner, contended before the High Court that CBI could not lodge FIRs directly against a senior IAS officer without prior approval from the Central government. It was further pleaded that since in this case the CBI did not obtain approval from the Central government, therefore the investigations by the CBI were illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289830", "title": "Tolly celebs at this do", "text": "Tolly celebs came together for an event which saw Surajit of Bhoomi and Rupam jamming together and singing numbers from their next movie's album.Silajit, Raghab and Mir, who gave their voices for \"Gunti\" in the film, directed by Shiboprasad and Nandita, were also present. Says Khada, who was there along with Silajit, \"It was great to see all these people coming together and weaving magic with music. Joyda played the guitar brilliantly. We also liked Surajit's rendition of \"Alo\".\" Funnyman Mir too has apparently done a great job of singing along with Silajit and Raghab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15288827", "title": "Google doodles London 2012 Artistic Gymnastics Men's Rings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing its support to London Olympics 2012, Google on Tuesday dedicated a fascinating doodle depicting the sport artistic Gymnastics Men's Rings. The London 2012 Artistic Gymnastics Men's Rings doodle displays a mustachioed gymnast holding the ring grips trying to balance himself in the air.The London 2012 Artistic Gymnastics Men's Rings doodle is artistically designed in which the two ring grips represent the two alphabet letters 'O' of the Google logo.It is the fourth Google doodle of this Olympics.The two rings are artistic gymnastics apparatus and are typically used by male gymnasts only because of the requirement of intense upper-body strength.This sport is extensively popular as the gymnasts perform their skills in a rhythmic fashion.The test event of London 2012 Artistic Gymnastics Men's Rings is considered to be a success with over 50,000 tickets sold for the competition.The tradition of Google doodle started from the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics in which it displayed a fascinating doodle depicting 5 athletes playing different Olympic sports. The first Olympics doodle featured sports like football, basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012. About 10,000 athletes are expected to participate from 204 countries.London Olympics 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15286771", "title": "Cops crack down on rowdies in Barasat, 10 held", "text": "BARASAT: Three days have passed after an 18-year-old schoolgirl was molested by a group of drunken youths at Barasat railway station, but police have managed to nab only two of the 10 accused involved in the incident. However, the cops have started raiding the Barasat railway station area frequently and late on Sunday night, as many as 10 youths were rounded up for involving in various criminal activities.\"A police team from Barasat police station raided the railway station as well as Banamalipur and Kachhari Maidan areas late on Sunday night and rounded up 10 rowdies. Most of them were arrested for selling and consuming illicit liquor in the open. Some were also picked up for their involvement in a drunken brawl. Police will continue to raid Barasat and its adjoining areas,\" a senior district police official said.Locals alleged that the Barasat railway station and its adjoining areas are frequented by several groups of drunken youths after the sun sets. \"The youths come from different areas like Kalikapur, Nabapally and Muraripukur and gather at the station and its vicinity. Some college students and private firm employees are also found among them. They drink openly and tease women who pass by. The area has really become very unsafe for women in the evening,\" said a local shop owner.On Friday night, a Class-XII girl was chased and molested by some drunken youths when she was returning home at Banamalipur from a private tuition class at Barasat's Nawpara. The scared girl called her father, but he too was beaten up by the gang when he tried to rescue his daughter. Two of the gang was arrested and remanded in judicial custody for 14 days by the Barasat district court.Police are, however, yet to arrest the other accused. \"At least 10 persons were involved in the molestation of my niece and subsequent attack on her father. Only two of them were arrested. Police have interrogated her so many times after the attack, but have done little to arrest all the accused,\" said Ranjit Saha, the girl's uncle.He added that the girl has developed physical problems and refuses to sleep at night. \"The girl is still traumatized and in a state of deep shock. She has stopped stepping out of the house. She also fears the goons will attack her once she steps on the road. On Monday morning, we called up a doctor to examine her. He advised us to look after her carefully. We will take her to a psychiatrist for counseling,\" Saha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15289779", "title": "Rakhis go gold and silver", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The simple resham and ribbon bind doesn't seem to suffice anymore to profess sibling love. With Raksha Bandhan barely a few days away, sisters have been struggling to choose from a mindboggling array of rakhis from those depicting cartoon characters like Spiderman, Chhota Bheem, Pokemon and even Ra.One for their tiny brothers to gold and silver rakhis, as also those studded with artificial diamonds for brothers of a more discerning age.\"As opposed to the tradition of simple yet beautiful rakhis earlier, today it is more about glitz and ostentation. Now we sell rakhis adorned with mirror and stone work, artificial diamonds, pearls, chandan, Rudraksh, lockets and tiny statues of gods or cartoons,\" says Antaryami Sahu, a rakhi wholesaler at Unit-I market.In yet more innovation, shops are offering teddy bear rakhis this year, replete with a light and sound system, which is proving to be very popular with kids even though they are steeply priced at Rs 100-150.In fact, most rakhis are steeply priced, costing anything between Rs 60 and Rs 700. Going by the queue to girls at rakhi shops, however, the high price doesn't seem to be a deterrent at all. And one seems to be getting value for money, the gold polish rakhis with six-month guarantee for example doubling up as a bracelet, which one can wear round the year. These are available for Rs 150-400, while those with pearls, artificial diamonds or rudraksha are priced even higher.\"Initially I was a bit hesitant to display the costly rakhis at my shop, but after observing the mood of the buyers, I have concentrated more on the higher range. The long-lasting rakhis were an instant hit and I have been making handsome profits,\" said Rajkumar Prusty, a shopkeeper at Saheed Nagar.Starry-eyed shopkeepers seem to be happy to be spoilt for choice as well. \"Earlier we used to buy simple silk and thread rakhi, but rakhis have undergone a major transformation and now there are so many designs to choose from. Bracelet rakhi, musical rakhi, currency rakhi, Om rakhi, gold, silver, diamond rakhis are all the rage this year. I have purchased rakhis worth Rs 300 for my brothers,\" smiled Pratima Debta, a shopper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287847", "title": "Hiring a middlemen to take bribe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hiring of middlemen on commission basis for accepting bribe on their behalf is the latest tactic being employed by bribe-seeking government officials. And the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is working on such cases to establish links between middlemen and corrupt officials.CBI sources said, Income tax officer (ITO) Parmod Arora of Sector 2, Panchkula, had decided to hand over 10% of the bribe money of Rs 2 lakh to Aneesh Garg for accepting it from Subhash Chandra on his behalf on July 19. While Garg was arrested from Pehowa in Kurushetra, Arora, was arrested from Ambala on July 20. Arora had demanded a bribe from Chandra for not slapping income tax notices against him.Harvinder Behal, a law graduate, who was arrested two days ago, was also allegedly working as a middleman between an official of Andhra Bank and NRI Bhupinder Singh for delivering the bribe to the official. Behal was arrested from near Mehfil hotel in Sector 17, on July 28. The Andhra Bank official, whose role is under the scanner, has been asked to join the CBI investigation within a week. A member of the investigation agency said call details of Behals cellphone are being scrutinized for establishing his links with the bank official. Behal from Ludhiana and has been sent to judicial custody.There are some cases involving Chandigarh cops where senior officials used lower rank policemen as middlemen. ASI Desh Raj, former head of proclaimed offender (PO) wing, was booked for seeking Rs 3,000 through constable Vajinder Singh on February 25. Though Vajinder was caught, the ASI managed to escape and obtained anticipatory bail from a court.Legal experts say by hiring middlemen, corrupt officials want to avoid taking marked currency notes. DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal refused to comment on these cases saying, The cases are under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15286357", "title": "Despite HC verdict, 527 project-hit youth still jobless", "text": "Times News NetworkGondia: Following a chain hunger strike in front of the Gondia collectorate, over 527 youth from Vidarbha, who were affected by various irrigation projects, can hope to get government jobs, of which they were deprived earlier.There are many small and large irrigation projects in Gondia district like Pujaritola, Shirpur, Kalisarad, ItIyadoh, Katngi, Dhapewada, Kati, Birsola. However, despite provision in the law and verdict by Aurangabad High Court directing the state government to absorb 50% per cent youth affected by these irrigation projects in the irrigation department on priority basis, the Vidarbha division kept neglecting them. The Gondia collector had also submitted a list of eligible candidates to the irrigation department.Interestingly, other irrigation divisions of the state not only followed these guidelines but even went to provide jobs to 70-80% project-affected youth. Officials from Vidarbha division, however, allegedly filled up the vacancies by taking bribes from other candidates.Various employees' organizations have been fighting to get justice for these youths for the last eight years. The chain hunger strike from June 6 was part of this agitation. On July 3, vice president of the state employees association, Liladhar Pathode, brought to the notice of Gondia collector that Vidarbha's irrigation department has done injustice to 527 youth.Taking cognisance, the collector appointed a high-level committee comprising chief engineers HM Kulkarni, AM Khapare and chief engineer RN Thakare and executive engineer of VIDC, Nagpur. He also asked Pathode to attend meetings of this panel. However, due to just concluded session of the state assembly, a formal meeting of this committee could not be held. \"However, we discussed the issue informally. It has been decided that all the existing vacancies in the irrigation department should be filled by absorbing these candidates on seniority basis,\" said Pathode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15289720", "title": "Wildlife NGOs resume work, but await showdown with forest dept on Aug 1", "text": "VADODARA: Scanty rains in the country may spell drought, but for Vadodara residents, less rains also mean less encounters with the wildlife, especially the reptiles, who come out in droves when it rains.This is also proving to be blessings of sorts for both the administration as well as the residents, since the wildlife NGOs in the city are in confrontation with the forest and wildlife department over certain new conditions imposed by the department. The NGOs, who had gone on strike over the new rules, have resumed work since last week, but it's still an uneasy truce. The matter would come up for discussion on August 1 when senior department officials from Gandhinagar arrive here for a meeting with NGOs.\"The new rules say that we have to inform the department every time we go to attend a rescue call. Further, we have been asked to deposit the animal or reptile with the forest department within half an hour of catching it. Now, this is proving to be a bone of contention since, on an average rainy day, we get over 25-30 calls and if, every time, we had to make a trip back to the department to drop the reptile, we would be able to attend only a fraction of those calls. The new rule is neither practical, nor does it make any sense, especially when the wildlife act says that we have to deposit the animals/reptiles within 48 hours,\" said a volunteer with one of the NGOs.After organizing a strike for one week, the NGOs started attending distress calls from residents after a meeting with Vadodara-based forest department official, R G Prajapati, who, reportedly assured that that the new rules could be discussed at the August 1 meeting. It helped that scanty rains are keeping reptiles mostly in their own habitats, instead of straying into homes and gardens, as was the case at the beginning of rainy season. \"The matter has to reach a conclusion,\" said the head of one NGO.Box: Reptiles rescuedA cobra was rescued on Monday morning from ONGC campus where it had entered a room cooler, and was unable to come out. Later, in the afternoon, a rat snake was spotted in the school inside the campus, forcing the authorities to again send a distress call to Crocodile group, which had rescued the cobra earlier. \"We have been getting four to five calls these days even if it is not raining,\" said the volunteer. Two days ago, the NGOs and the forest department rescued a 6-foot crocodile from a village near Jhambughoda where it had come out of a pond only to slip into a freshly dug well nearby. The volunteers drained water equal to 15-20 tanker loads with the help of pumping machines to rescue the crocodile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15286003", "title": "Day 6: Office, school cares keep families away", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the sixth day of the ongoing fast at Jantar Mantar, the venue appeared jam-packed. Delhi Police said at least 3,500 people were present at the venue on Monday during peak hours, and overall about 6,000 people turned up. Team Anna, however, claimed that 75,000 people took part in the protest.In the afternoon, families were seen pouring in with children tagging along; students bunked college to join the protest; and many people took leave from work to be at the fast venue to express solidarity with the Anna-led movement. The evening rally from Jantar Mantar to India Gate itself had about 2,000 participants.Vikram Singh Negi, who lives in Karala in outer Delhi, said he put his job as a DTC supervisor at risk by attending the protest. \"I have been here for six days and get calls from work everyday. I had applied for leave but it wasn't cleared and they may fire me. But this is an important cause and I want the Lokpal,\" he said A large number of students were seen at the venue. \"Three of us bunked college to come here,\" said Neeraj Tiwari, a Delhi-based engineering student, \"We had to show support to Anna.\"For daily-wage worker, Bansi Lal, the Rs 300 he makes in a day is invaluable; but on Monday, he decided to sacrifice it and join Team Anna at Jantar Mantar. \"The government is stubborn and doesn't listen to the demands of the people. Only when more people come out will they be forced to pay attention,\" he said.For Dr Kokil Bhardwaj, it was the third visit to the fast venue. \"Kartik insisted on coming so we brought him after school,\" she said, referring to her six-year-old son.Still, in the first half of the day, fewer families turned up as compared to the weekend. \"Over the weekend, I was here with my husband and daughter. Today, they had work and school respectively, so I came alone,\" said Seema Prakash, a homemaker.Manjit Singh, a businessman from Rajouri Garden, took a day off and waited for his children to return home. \"Anna is trying to eradicate corruption so that our children don't face problems,\" he said.Rekha Rai, a manager with an MNC, too, took leave from work. \"We all have faced problems due to corruption: from getting a driving licence to birth certificate, everywhere we are asked to pay extra. We all should get together and fightit ,\" said Rai, who came with her husband and 11-year-old son, Sarthak. Team Anna members said about 500 people were fasting at the venue, and since the space was limited, they stopped further registration the previous night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15290151", "title": "Cyclonic circulation hope floats over drought fear", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Fear of drought in vast tracts of the state may be misplaced after all if the met office prediction for the next few days holds true. Most of Odisha may experience widespread rain for at least the next two days under the influence of a cyclonic circulation formed over the Bay of Bengal , the meteorological centre forecast on Monday. The weathermen also forecast that the system may intensify further and bring more rain.Several parts of the state received rain under the influence of the system on Monday. According to met office records, by 5.30 pm Baripada received the day's highest rainfall of 31 mm followed by Talcher (20 mm), Angul (14 mm), Paradip and Keonjhar (13 mm). The state capital received 5.4 mm rainfall during the day.The southwest monsoon, which has largely remained weak this year, brought 462.8 mm rainfall for Odisha by Monday, which was 14% less compared to the normal 540.4 mm during this period. People remain fearful of a drought-like situation in some pockets of the state. Ten out of 30 districts in the state have received 21 to 45% deficit rainfall during this period. Balasore has experienced the highest deficit of 45% so far, followed by Deogarh (43%) and Jajpur (35%). The other deficit rainfall districts are Bhadrak, Bolangir, Gajapati, Jagatsighpur, Keonjhar, Koraput, Mayurbhanj and Rayagada. Agriculture scientists expressed fear that the state could head towards a drought in the absence of adequate rain in the next 15 days.Director of agriculture and food production R S Gopalan said agriculture operations have been affected in Balasore, Bhadrak and Keonjhar districts due to deficit rainfall and the department has started implementing a contingency plan in those areas to tackle the situation. He was, however, hopeful the situation will improve with more rain this monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15290056", "title": "JVM to highlight poor sporting activities in house", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) has planned to highlight poor progress of sporting activities in the state in the monsoon session of the assembly beginning August 31.The poor progress of Panchayat Yuva Krida Aur Khel Abhiyan (PYKKA) scheme of the central government in the state and supposedly high expense incurred on the travel of sports minister Sudesh Mahato and senior bureaucrats to London Olympics will also be taken up vociferously in the assembly.\"Since the formation of Jharkhand, Mahto remained in charge of the (sports) department for maximum years and despite that there is no impressive progress of sports in the state,\" JVM leader in the assembly Pradeep Yadav said on Monday. \"Where is the sports university that was announced by chief minister Arjun Munda in the run-up to the National Games last year,\" he asked. \"Of the 6,350 blocks in the country where PYKKA scheme is running, Jharkhand has fared badly. Who is to be held accountable for this pathetic situation,\" said Yadav adding that so far only three sportsmen got government jobs.He said the state was completely dependent on two officials for promotion of the sports events at the district level. \"Sarvar Imam is in charge of sports activities in six districts and D Ram is in charge of the remaining districts. Just imagine the magnitude of insincerity of the government towards promotion of sports activities,\" said Yadav. He said while the government had no problem in spending crores of rupees to sponsor ministers and bureaucrats to London Olympics, it had no funds to honour mountaineers Binita Soren and Meghlal Mahato who scaled Mt Everest. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286911", "title": "Ralegan villagers stand by Anna", "text": "PUNE: Residents of Ralegan Siddhi observed a day-long fast on Monday in support to their mentor, Anna Hazare , who has been on an indefinite fast in Delhi since Sunday.A large number of residents took part in the morning march and a 'thali' march in the evening. The participants raised slogans in support of Hazare's fight against corruption. They have threatened to intensify their agitation if the government fails to meet Anna's demands.Ralegan Siddhi residents expressed serious concerns over Anna's health as his indefinite fast entered the second day on Monday. \"Annaji's health is a big concern for every villager. He faced health problems after his last fast. The doctors have advised him not to go on a fast. However, he has decided to continue his fight to free the nation of corruption and, we are supporting him in his fight,\" said Subhash Pathare, a resident of the village.Another resident, Bhagwan Pathade, said, \"The villagers are all set to intensify their agitation and are even ready to go to jail for Annaji. We don't understand why the government is ignoring his demands.\"The villagers have decided to hold a march in the village and begin a relay fast at the Yadavbaba temple from Tuesday. A bandh would be called on Wednesday. People from nearby villages will take part in our agitations in the next couple of days, Pathare said.In the meantime, the Pune unit of India Against Corruption continued its agitation at the Balgandharva Rangmandir chowk on the sixth consecutive day on Monday. IAC members visited several colleges and urged youths to participate in their fight. A human chain was formed in the evening at the chowk and slogans raised. Four members of IAC are on an indefinite fast from Sunday.A 15-day 'Samarpan Yatra' organized by Arthakranti reached the city on Monday. The rally was welcomed by IAC workers. A street play was staged against corruption by participants. The IAC will be holding a march in the city on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286130", "title": "\u2018Islamic banking opens job options\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Emerging markets in Islamic banking and finance in India and abroad need close to 50,000 financial experts, a requirement that can be met by the huge reserves of human capital in the country, particularly in Hyderabad.Speaking at a conference on Islamic banking here on Monday, M S Sheriff from the Institute of Islamic Banking Finance and Insurance (IIBFI) said, \"There are 75 countries in the world which have recognised Islamic banking and finance with South Africa, USA, Singapore , Saudi Arabia and Malaysia being a few of them. Major corporate banks such as HSBC, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank and Standard Chartered all have Islamic banking windows. There are a lot of job opportunities in this sector for the youth. The youth of Hyderabad have always shown interest and are keen on understanding Islamic banking.\" Sheriff pointed out that a large section of the ulema (Muslim clergy) remain unaware of banking practices and need to be trained in both Islamic and conventional banking. The training of the ulema in practical banking principles is imperative to answer queries regarding paying and receiving interest on loans and deposits. Also, Islamic banking and finance institutions require them to be on the boards of their governing bodies.Experts noted that Islamic banking and finance, though recognised by the Securities and Exchange Board of India in the capital market in the form of wealth management and mutual funds, is yet to gain mainstream acceptance. \"Islamic finance advisors are getting competitive remuneration packages in India and abroad. The BSE Shariah 50 Index recognises 50 companies in India that have passed strict Taqwaa Advisory and Shariah Investment Solutions norms of shariah compliance - that of dealing in halal (permissible according to tenets of Islam) products and products free from interest,\" said Shariq Nisar from IIBFI and London School of Economics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286394", "title": "City's emergency services collapses", "text": "NAGPUR: The unpreparedness of the city's emergency services came to fore when the police and Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) fire department took three hours to remove a big tree that had fallen on a parked car in Ramdaspeth on Monday afternoon. The driver who was inside the car escaped unhurt. Even after the officials of the concerned departments reached the spot, the way they managed the whole affair showed lack of coordination and complete disregard for safety measures.With commencement of monsoon the district administration, NMC and the police department should have good coordination between themselves and be well equipped for disaster management. But this seems to be not happening in the city.Baban Nakle, the head of mass communication department of Dhanwate College along with his family had come to Big Bazaar for shopping. Their driver, Durgesh Meshram, after dropping them behind Big Bazaar, parked the car (MH-12/DY-5975) near Kanchan Kiran apartment. Around 40 to 50 vehicles were parked on both sides of the road, which is said to be a non-parking zone. At around 1pm, the tree fell on the car's bonnet. Meshram who was in the car had a lucky escape. He called Nakle, who rushed to the spot.Nakle told TOI that he called the police control and informed them about the incident at around 1.10pm. \"Police van with 5 to 6 police personnel came to the spot after 35 minutes. During this time the pedestrians and two-wheelers were passing through the gap under the fallen tree,\" he said.Shockingly, neither the control room nor the policemen who reached the spot informed NMC's fire department about the incident. Later on, a MSEDCL vehicle arrived at the spot. At 3.10pm, the fire tender reached the place. Interestingly, it was revealed that the police had not informed the fire department. The fire department was notified of the incident by corporator Sandip Joshi who in turn had been notified by a woman residing in the area at around 2.32pm. Joshi called up assistant commissioner of NMC, Dhantoli Zone, Mahesh Dhamecha. He in turn informed the chief fire officer AB Khan. At 2.55pm, Khan notified the call centre about the incident. The fire department personnel then contacted NMC for a JCB to remove the tree from the car.The process of removing the tree was further hindered due to a car parked just opposite to the ill fated one. The car was locked and the owner couldn't be traced till 4pm. This car was not damaged as the branches of tree had got struck on the electric lines. A towing vehicle was then brought from the Traffic department (South) to remove it. But the police personnel were not able to toe the car. Later on the owner came and removed the car. Meanwhile, the JCB arrived and the tree was pushed from the ill-fated car. In doing so, the branches of the tree damaged the structure on which the electricity transformer was installed. Finally, the fire department personnel cut down the tree and cleared the road at around 4.30-5pm.Another interesting fact that came to fore was that the police personnel who came with towing vehicle charged the owner of the other car Rs300 even though it was not towed. Senior PI Avinash More said that Rs300 was charged even if the services of the vehicle was not utilized. More said that a charge of Rs100 applies for parking in a no-parking zone and Rs200 as towing charges.Another interesting fact is that the police neither erected any kind of barricade nor restricted the movement of two-wheelers or pedestrians along the spot during these 3 hours.Condemning the delay and the shoddy way the whole thing was managed, Nakle said that the situation would had been worse if the tree had crashed down directly on the road. \"What would be the situation in such a case when we have such faulty emergency services,\" said Nakle, who is a former news editor of a Marathi daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15287207", "title": "Kochi duo conquer monsoon challenge", "text": "KOCHI: Two Kochiites, Wilson Padayattil and Kuriakose Elias Paarel aka Jiju bagged the first position in the recently-concluded Monsoon Rally challenge.The national rally that started from Bangalore, passed through the hilly terrains of northern Karnataka and ended in Goa, covering a total of 1,000 kilometers. The duo came first in the original equipment segment.\"It means we did not use a vehicle with any sort of modification, like the nitro boosters. This was a time speed and distance (TSD) format, where the importance is not given to speed but the skill of navigating a car and keeping time and certain calculated pace,\" said Jiju.The biggest hurdle for the Kerala team was navigating through monsoon rains. \"Most of our journey was through the hilly terrain of northern Karnataka. We passed through areas like Agumbe, rightfully known as the \"Cherrapunji of the south\" for the amount of rainfall it gets,\" he said.Jiju, a mechanical engineer recommends rallying to all those who have even the slightest inclination of motor sport.\"It is only after the 90s that rallying became all about speed. The video games show that, and many events also make us feel so,\" said Jiju, who has been participating in rallies for the last three decades. The race that concluded last Sunday was one of the major racing rallies that the duo participated this year.\"Once you are bitten by the love to race, there is no looking back. I started racing in 1984 ,\" said Jiju who is also the technical delegate of the Federation of Motor Sports Clubs of India.The euphoria over the victory is yet to be over, but the duo is getting ready to hit the road for the first-ever national championship TSD format rally in Bangalore, that will be held from August 17 to 19.The national rally that started from Bangalore, passed through the hilly terrains of northern Karnataka and ended in Goa, covering a total of 1,000 kilometers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15288764", "title": "Udita slaps producer with a legal notice", "text": "Udita Goswami , in a recent interview had questioned the viability of releasing her film Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baaki Hai, seven years after it was made. Needless to say, co-producer Ragini Sona wasn't the least bit pleased and allegedly filed a defamation case of Rs 1 crore against the heroine. Not the one to keep quiet, Udita has now hit back by sending a legal notice to Ragini (of which TOI has a copy).Udita, represented by advocate Rizwan Siddiquee of Siddiquee &amp; Associates said that no such defamation case had been filed. Sona is being represented by Ashok Sarogi in this matter.Udita's notice claimed that despite making a public statement about filing a case, the fact remains that Sona never proceeded with it, nor did she file a case in the first place. \"She is fully aware that no false statement has been made by my client (Udita) nor has she defamed anyone or created any negative publicity for the said film in any manner whatsoever,\" said Siddiquee.Siddiquee added that Udita made herself available for the promotions of the film and even cut short one of her trips to Chicago . \"She even shot for a promotional video for the said film, using her own costumes without charging a single rupee for the same from your client, as your client was not in a position to incur any financial cost for the same,\" said the notice.Udita alleged that this has caused her mental torture and monetary losses. 'If Ragini does not withdraw the false statements, unconditionally and irrevocably within 2 days from the date of receipt of this notice, Udita shall initiate both civil and criminal proceedings against her which could also result in claiming an amount of Rs 5 crore', the notice further stated.In response to the legal notice, Sona's lawyer Sarogi said that they have indeed filed the defamation suit. \"We will file our reply and will carry on with the defamation suit in the court,\" he said.The film may be out of theatres, but for the cast and crew, the show is far from over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15287409", "title": "Russian engineer drowns in Kashid", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Viktor Ershov, a 60-year-old Russian national aviation engineer, who was on a six-month work contract with the Indian Air Force in Lohegaon, died in a drowning mishap at Kashid beach near Alibaug. Raigad police said that the Moscow resident had gone on a picnic with four of his Russian colleagues to Kashid beach on Sunday. He drowned a little after 8am,when he ventured into deeper waters.\"Viktor had come to India on July 15 and joined the IAF base in Lohegaon for technical training on fighter jets,'' a police official said.The five hired two cars to reach there early in the morning , and immediately ventured into the sea for a swim. Hemant Sarvade , their driver-cum- interpreter , had reportedly warned the Russian nationals to not go into the sea as several people had drowned there. However, they did not heed to his warning. His body was recovered by the police and handed over to IAF officials , who, in turn , gave it to the Russian consulate . He is survived by his wife.RD Shinde ,Raigad superintendent of police , told TOI that though lifeguards have been employed at Kashid , they were none at the spot early on Sunday .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285247", "title": "Don\u2019t wait for govt circulars to enforce education Act: J S Saharia", "text": "MUMBAI: The state education department wants school authorities to actually read the Right to Education Act (RTE) and implement it properly. \"We will be holding awareness campaigns for schools in order to enable them to better understand the Act. The Act is complete in itself and it lists what each stakeholder is supposed to do. Schools should not wait for the government to issue circulars for the implementation of the various aspects of the Act,\" said J S Saharia, additional chief secretary in charge of school education.During the monsoon session recently, the school education department held a workshop on the Act for elected representatives so that they could help in its implementation.Many private schools did not enrol students from the financially weaker sections of society in the current academic year under the mandatory 25% RTE quota as they were 'awaiting' a government circular on it. Several schools had already completed the admission process for the pre-primary section in January, while the Supreme Court verdict upholding the Act came in April. Saharia said the government has decided to conduct an awareness campaign across the state to highlight the Act's features. It also plans to empower its 6,000 strong supervisory staff with copies of various Acts, laws, rules and circulars pertaining to education so that they are able to make decisions quickly.The state is also planning to introduce accreditation of schools to ensure quality education. A student-teacher tracking software linked with Aadhar cards of both is also being created for government schools, said Saharia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15285978", "title": "Youth held in murder of 64-year-old woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police have detained a youth in connection with the murder of a 64 year old woman who was alone at her residence last month. Two special teams were constituted to nab the accused, a 25 year old youth from Kuniamuthur. They are yet to nab his friend, believed to be the main perpetrator in the crime. Police hope to nab him within the next couple of days.\"We have got some significant leads and are following it. We detained a youth but it was revealed that someone else is behind the murder and we are trying to arrest him based on the clues,' said a police official involved in the crime.According to police, R Saraswathy(65), a resident of Kovaipudur was found dead inside her residence by her relatives. As many as seven sovereigns of gold ornaments and Rs 17,000 kept inside the house were missing indicating that it was a murder for gain. Though the body did not bear any external wounds, it was revealed that she was strangulated to death.The body was found in a decomposed state when her son, a software engineer and daughter, a professor in a private college in Coimbatore decided to check up on her as she failed to respond to their phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "rayya (amritsar)", "code": "15286280", "title": "4 girls die as train rams bus at unmanned railway crossing", "text": "RAYYA (Amritsar): Four schoolgirls, including two sisters, were killed and 20 students injured when a train rammed their bus at an unmanned railway crossing at Kot Mehtab village near Amritsar on Monday morning.Three girls died on the spot while another succumbed on way to the hospital. The injured students were rushed to Baba Sawan Singh Charitable Hospital, Beas.Eyewitnesses and police blamed the bus driver, Milkha Singh, for the accident. He has been arrested. The railways have ordered an inquiry into the incident.The deceased - Sahajpreet Kaur, Manpreet Kaur (both sisters), Komalplreet Kaur and Palakpreet Kaur - are residents of Bhulenangal village.According to reports, the bus of Sant Majha Singh Karamjot Model Senior Secondary School was on its way to Kot Mehtab village after picking students from Bhulenangal when the Beas-Goindwal Sahib train hit the vehicle at the unmanned crossing.\"We were yelling at the driver not to cross the track and let the train pass first but he didn't listen to us,\" said Tejbir Singh, whose foot was fractured in the accident. He said even the drivers and people waiting in other vehicles at the crossing had tried to caution the bus driver but he, instead, accelerated the speed.Jagdish Kumar, an eyewitness, said he saw the train hitting the bus and helped students come out of the wreckage. \"Train passengers also got down and joined in the rescue operations,\" he added.A few villagers extricated the mangled remains of the bus from the train with the help of JCB machines. A villager said the unmanned crossing had witnessed three accidents in the past.SSP Amritsar (rural) PS Virk said a case under Section 304 of IPC has been registered against the bus driver. \"It was negligence on part of the bus driver that led to the accident,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285446", "title": "Residents stage protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of east Delhi, including Mayur Vihar Phase III, Vasundhara and Kondli, staged a protest against power supplier BSES Yamuna due long outages in their colonies. The residents said power supply to their areas was cut from Friday 10pm to Sunday morning, and then again on Sunday night.\"We sat on dharna for four hours on Monday. BYPL keeps telling us there is a grid problem and that power will be restored, but nothing happens,\" said Joginder Singh , secretary of the Mayur Vihar III RWA. BYPL officials said there was a problem after a cat entered one of the sub-stations, causing a fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285465", "title": "Koyna saves Maharashtra from outage due to grid collapse", "text": "MUMBAI: It was Koyna's additional hydro-power generation that saved the state from a total blackout in the wee hours of Monday.Consequent upon seven northern states plunging into darkness, a chunk of around 600 MW supply to the state from the Centre's Vindhyachal power plants had suddenly stopped. This could have led to an outage in the state.Sources in state power ministry said after the 600 MW supply from the northern grid vanished, there was a possibility of the western grid collapsing too.\"The effect could have escalated up to the western grid but the Koyna immediately picked up to generate an extra 400 MW to meet gap and the frequency of supply on grid wires thus saving the state from a collapse. Though four lines tripped in between, supply on parallel lines continued unabated,\" said sources.The state has been persistently writing to the Centre over the alleged indiscipline by northern states in drawing extra power from the national grid thus bringing certain states, and some times even the entire country, on the verge of a total blackout.In its letters, the state had alerted that Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh were drawing extra power from the national grid as and when required, throwing all norms to dustbin. Sources said had Maharashtra too drawn more power at the same time, the national grid could have collapsed bringing a blackout across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284874", "title": "Maharashtra govt could cut plan size to tackle drought", "text": "MUMBAI: The cash-starved Congress-NCP government may drastically reduce planned and non-planned expenditure to garner over Rs 5,000 crore to tackle the worst-ever drought.\"Maharashtra had witnessed the worst drought in 1972. We had then introduced the employment guarantee scheme to provide work for labourers in rural areas. The present situation is similar. If the weak monsoon continues, we will have to initiate stringent measures,'' a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Monday.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who also holds the finance portfolio, had on Sunday hinted at reducing the plan size to mobilize funds to tackle the situation. \"We have drafted a Rs 45,000-crore plan. If we cut part of the expenditure on developmental programmes and reduce non-planned expenditure, we will be able to tackle the situation. A final decision on reducing the plan size will be taken after a central team's visit to drought-affected areas,'' the bureaucrat said.He said the state government has submitted a preliminary report to the centre on the drought. Even NCP founder president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar has taken up the state's case with the centre. Pawar has said that the situation in several parts of Maharashtra was very bad and it was comparable to the 1972 drought. Pawar, expected to review the situation on August 4, urged farmers to draft an action plan for effective use of water.\"On the basis of our report, we expect the centre will release Rs 1,500-2,000 crore. But in view of the gravity of the situation, it will be a very meagre amount,'' he said.The bureaucrat said barring parts of Vidarbha, the situation was grim. \"Many may migrate to Madhya Pradesh or Gujarat in search of a livelihood. Many are on their way to the metropolis,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285108", "title": "Karnataka MLA held in cash-for-bail scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau sleuths on Monday arrested Karnataka MLA T H Suresh Babu in the city in connection with cash-for-bail scam.On Sunday evening, an ACB team, which has been tracking the movements of Suresh Babu, found that the legislator was in the city to meet an advocate over his anticipatory bail. The team laid a trap near advocate V Surendar Rao's house in Ashok Nagar, where Suresh Babu was supposed to seek advice about the bail.\"Suresh Babu arrived at the advocate's house around 6pm. After talking to the advocate for 30 minutes, he came out and got into his vehicle. We immediately intercepted the vehicle and took him into custody,\" an ACB officer said.The Kampli MLA is currently being questioned by the ACB sleuths and he would be produced before court on Tuesday.The ACB has named eight people as accused in the scam in which suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao was bribed for granting bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy, prime accused in the Obulapuram Mining Company scam. Apart from Suresh Babu, the accused list in the cash-for-bail scam includes Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy, suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son T Ravi Chandra, suspended judges D Prabhakar Rao, K Lakshmi Narasimha Rao, retired judge T V Chalapati Rao, history- sheeter P Yadgiri Rao and advocate Aditya.With the arrest of Suresh Babu, the only person yet to be arrested in the case is Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy. ACB sleuths said he was absconding. A look-out notice has already been issued against the MLA, preventing him from leaving the country. All the other accused are in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287335", "title": "Driver kills attendant, gets jail for rash driving", "text": "CHENNAI: A city court has imposed one-year jail term on a water tanker driver, who had got his attendant killed due to his rash and negligent driving about three years ago.The VI metropolitan magistrate S Balakrishnan, noting that the erring driver Muthukumar, 28, drove the tanker lorry without 'concern or caution', said he was driving the vehicle at a speed dangerous to public safety.It was the case of the traffic investigation wing of the Soundarapandian Angadi police in T Nagar that Muthukumar drove the vehicle at reckless speed on December 7, 2009 and hit against the road median in Nungambakkam. In the impact, the vehicle overturned and hit against a lamp post, throwing his attendant Munivel, who was crushed to death. The case was registered on the complaint of a manager in a software company.Magistrate Balakrishnan said: \"The accused lacked concern and caution while driving the vehicle at a speed dangerous to public and in negligent manner resulting in the death of the cleaner.\" The driver was also asked to pay a fine of 1,000.In a separate order, magistrate Balakrishnan imposed a fine of 500 on a Metropolitan Transport Corporation who had caused serious injuries to a cyclist a couple of years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15290085", "title": "Criminals snatch 13 lakh from Ranchi trader", "text": "RANCHI: A businessman was robbed of a bag containing Rs 13 lakh at H B Road in the city around 1pm.Though police are not buying his claims that the bag contained Rs 13 lakh, Pramod Kumar, the businessman, has produced documents that show that he had to deposit the money to ICICI bank's Pandra branch against a loan. DSP (town) Anuranjan Krisphotta said an FIR had been lodged in this connection.The victim has a water-bottling factory at Tantisilvai. He has recently purchased a house at Ratu Road. \"The house was of a friend who is unable to repay the loans to ICICI bank. I have purchased the house and agreed to pay the money on his behalf,\" said Pramod. The victim has proofs of his liability of payment to the bank.Kumar had collected money from his debtors and was on his way home around 12pm when the incident occurred. He was carrying the money in a bag on his motorcycle. As his bike got punctured at H B Road, one of the busiest thoroughfares, he went to a garage in Tharpakna to get it repaired. Bhaagwati Prasad, a mechanic near whose shop the incident occurred, said, \"The man was talking to someone on the phone when the incident occurred. The bag was small and dirty. So I did not pay much attention to it.\"A police officer, however, blamed the victim for the incident. \"The businessman should not have carried this much of money in such a casual manner,\" he said.In another incident, Rs 1.90 lakh was snatched from one, Umesh Prasad, by two motorcycle-borne snatchers intercepted by near Kathal More. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289656", "title": "No one should write off a married heroine: Rituparna Sengupta", "text": "Rituparna Sengupta on her choice of films over the years, being a media darling &amp; her contemporariesSo many years in the industry. How difficult is it to stay where you are? My challenges have always been renewed. After my debut, directors were hesitant over whether this new girl ought to be cast or not. Then, I delivered huge hits. The next challenge was when I was offered \"Dahan\" and \"Paromitar Ekdin \" along with \" Sasurbari Zindabad\" . I got my first National Award (\"Dahan\") for a film in a genre where I had no experience at all. I was a product of commercial cinema and here I was giving a very measured performance. My third big hurdle was when I had to start doing heroine-oriented commercial films. I peeped into and out of Bollywood and did movies in Bangladesh too. Though there were forces trying to oust me because of their vested interests, I fought it out.Recently, Kareena Kapoor was in the news for being ousted from Sanjay Leela Bhansali's film because she would supposedly not appeal to the viewers as Juliet if she got married... My blood boils when I read such things. There are people who tend to write off a married heroine. But that's utter b***sh*t. From \" Paromitar Ekdin\", \"Sasurbari Zindabad\", \"Utsav\", \"Anuranan\", \"Alo\", \"Akrosh\", \"Chaturanga\" and \"Hungama \" \u2014 I have given hits and worked in critically acclaimed movies after marriage. There's some wrong propaganda and it's also the same in Hindi films. Who said the audience doesn't want to see married women? How is it that so many decades ago the entire nation went into a tizzy when Sharmila Tagore posed in a bikini for \"An Evening in Paris\"? Those with vested interests try to paint this bechari image of a mom in the industry. But the audience doesn't think that way. Where there is success, there will be rivalry. Rivalry often manifests itself in strange ways. But my belief is that instead of crying hoarse about such propaganda, shut them up with good work.There are rumours that you've helped directors get producers and they've later suddenly dropped you like hot cake. How do you stop being cynical after that? By nature, I can't stop trusting people. I don't have much of an ego. Yes, people have misused my trust but that's only made me more seasoned. I don't have a star's ego and I'm not tantrum-prone. But experience has made me more analytical in my approach and I have tried to be a person who can still be there for others. I am ready to learn by trial and error.While Tollywood is reeling under financial losses with very few hits, some reports continue to paint a very rosy picture. What's your take on Tollywood's golden age? Every industry goes through highs and lows. What's good is that the audience is returning to theatres and taking Bengali cinema seriously. There's been a good feedback for \" Bhooter Bhobishyot\", \"Charulata 2011\", \"Bedroom\" and \"Abar Byomkesh\". Remakes, unfortunately, are not working. While few films look smart, there are still quite a few that don't. I am hoping that the coming months will have more good films than bad ones. What about Rituparna, the actor? I am always optimistic and take life with a pinch of salt. I fight it out. But I can be too emotional and a little impractical. I sometimes tend to skip workouts and am a great foodie. My time management should be better.Have your choice of movies changed with time? Yes, they have. With the changing value systems, I want to do roles that mirror reality instead of those that are bubbly and fun. In Agnidev Chatterjee's \" Teen Kanya \", I play a tough journalist who battles a traumatic personal life. As Niharika in Shiboprasad Mukherjee and Nandita Roy's movie, I play an independent woman who comes to a correctional home to help inmates go through culture therapy. But back home, she feels caged in her personal surroundings. In the director duo's \" Alikh  Sukh \", I play a doctor's wife who is craving for her hubby's attention. In Sekhar Das' movie, I delve deep into the psyche of a woman who has is very sensitive. I want to play honest characters in a film that's entertaining in format.What do you with wrong movie choices? Do you do a \"shift, control, alt, delete\" from your filmography? I am making fewer wrong choices now. I wish to delete \" Love Khichdi \" from my filmography. This film with Randeep Hooda didn't turn out the way it was supposed to. I regret \"Om Shanti\". I had put in my best efforts in the film and was happy with it. But I was surprised to get a raw deal in the end.What about the movies where you haven't looked flattering on screen? Do you regret having done \"Trishna\"? My talent can never be estimated by these two-scene guest appearances in commercial cinema. No, I never regret the commercially superhit, \"Trishna\".Can you image a week without your mention in any media? I've got accustomed to being featured. It has become a habit though I am not a slave to it. Even if there is a lull, I am sure I will bounce back with a bang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15286024", "title": "Students petition collector against six laterite quarries", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 200 students of Nehru Arts and Science College at Thirumalayampalayam on the outskirts of the city met district collector M Karunagaran on Monday and sought his intervention against six laterite quarries operating behind the institution for carrying out explosions beyond the permissible limits.The students led by Principal Dr B Anirudhan gave a written petition to the collector saying the quarries were a huge disturbance to the learning process. Karunagaran has asked Director of Mining and Geology to look into the matter.The explosions from the quarry were creating vibrations in the college buildings and sometimes led to broken windows. Students experienced some tension regarding the explosions, the petition said. The arts college and the adjoining engineering college have more than 6000 students.\"Hostel inmates have to suffer the explosions even during the night. We are not sure if the quarry is legal. The government must conduct a probe in this matter and take action against violators. The noise also pollutes the environment,\" said M Senthil, a student.Laterite mining is very much prevalent in the area which is located close to the Kerala border in the Velnathavalam side. Several agitations have been held against round-the-clock quarrying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286880", "title": "200 fall ill after eating at Iftar party in Bankra", "text": "KOLKATA: More than 160 people fell ill after taking food at an Iftar party in Bankra, north Dum Dum on Sunday. Sources at the Infectious Diseases Hospital in Beliaghata, however, put the toll at over 200.The rush of patients triggered a scare in the locality and the Dum Dum municipality sent a team to assess the situation. When more and more people were brought in for admission, minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya rushed to the hospital.Among those admitted are eight children and 22 women , she said, adding that the condition of two patients was serious. All of them show symptoms of food poisoning and dehydration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15286815", "title": "IOC safety clinics on LPG use to be held in city today", "text": "KOCHI: In the wake of the repeated incidents of cooking gas cylinder explosion in the city, Indian Oil Corporation, the leading liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) supplier in the state, will organise a series of safety clinics for customers in different parts of the city.The first in the series of such clinics, aimed mainly at homemakers, will be held at Vypeen Islands on Tuesday.According to Indian Oil Corporation, the clinics will educate customers on safe practices to be followed while handling cooking gas cylinders, as well as ways to conserve fuel.\"Customers can raise their grievances, including difficulty in getting LPG cylinders on time, at the clinics. All issues raised at the clinics will be addressed immediately,\" said V Vetriselvakkumar, senior corporate communication manager, Indian Oil Corporation.At the clinics, a short film will be shown on the safe use of cylinders. The company will conduct more safety clinics in different parts of the city in the coming days, \"but is yet to decide on the venues.\"A Pandyan, general manager, Indian Oil Corporation Kerala Circle, and other senior officials, will interact with customers at these clinics. The company expects over 100 customers to participate in each clinic. The oil companies had drawn flak from different quarters in the society following cylinder explosions. It was even alleged that they had been supplying expired cylinders. In the wake of such explosions, district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth had directed oil companies to take all necessary precautions to ensure that only safe cylinders were supplied to customers.liquefied petroleum gas majors, however, maintained that the allegations weren't true. Companies claimed that they had been conducting random checks to ensure the safety of cylinders. Companies also directed all gas agencies to check cylinders before they were delivered to customers.Safety FirstCheck rubber tube regularly for cracksIf there is smell of gas, close regulator and burner knobsStrike the match first, then turn on the knobSelf-repair is an unsafe practiceKeep the cylinder uprightUse cotton apron while cookingFix safety cap to stop valve leak, if any", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15289374", "title": "2 drown in pond during immersion", "text": "RAJKOT: A mother and son drowned in a pond while participating in a ritual of immersion of Dashama's idol in the city on Monday. The deceased have been identified as Manjula Bariya (42) and her 22-year-old son Bharat Bariya.The incident occurred at around 6 am on Monday morning. Police said a resident of Marutinagar Manjula went to immerse Dashama deity's idol in a pond near Kothariya village along with her family members in an autorickshaw driven by her son.While Bharat got out asking about the pond's depth from a policeman on duty, the vehicle slipped towards the water body. Before he could reach his vehicle, it had fallen into the pond with four of his family members inside. Bharat also fell into the pond. While others managed to jump out and save themselves, Bharat and his mother drowned. They died on the spot. Their bodies were later retrieved by fire brigade personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285111", "title": "Adarsh case: Ashok Chavan wanted civilians: M M Wanchoo", "text": "MUMBAI: In further trouble for Ashok Chavan, a main accused in the Adarsh case, Brigadier (retired) M M Wanchoo on Monday told the judicial commission that the former chief minister had suggested that civilians be included in the housing society, which was initially meant for defence personnel and war widows. Wanchoo's statement puts Chavan on the defensive, as he had denied having anything to do with the decision to include civilians in Adarsh.Wanchoo said that he along with former Congress MLC and a promoter of Adarsh, Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, R C Thakur and another person met Chavan on June 2, 2000. \"If I remember correctly, it was revenue minister Ashok Chavan who suggested that 20% civilians would have to be taken (in the society),\" said Wanchoo in response to a question by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsels for the commission. After the meeting, the society wrote to then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and Chavan, saying that they were willing to accommodate 40% civilians in the society.\"At that meeting, the point of accommodating civilians came up. We had considered this point earlier,\" said Wanchoo, who pointed to a 1999 government resolution that 20% members had to be from the SC/ST category. \"The defence forces do not have any such category, so we knew that 20% civilians had to be taken,\" said the retired officer, pointing to Chavan's role in suggesting inclusion of civilians.This is in sharp contrast to Chavan's statement before the commission. \"I never mentioned or suggested anything, including civilians in the society, at the meeting on June 2, 2000. I do not know who made the recommendation. That day, Gidwani, along with some society members met me for a follow-up of the proposal they had sent the CM in February 2000. There was no discussion about accommodating civilians,'' Chavan had claimed. The CBI said Chavan suggested inclusion of civilians to benefit his family members, who were allotted flats in Adarsh. Earlier, the commission examined Paramveer Sancheti (24), of the Sancheti business family, and was allotted a flat in Adarsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286854", "title": "City gets 13 mm rain in 24 hrs, more to follow", "text": "PUNE: In one of the best spells of sustained light rainfall so far this month, the city recorded 13 mm rain in the 24 hours ending 5.30 pm on Monday. More rain is likely to follow as the India Meteorological Department (IMD) forecasts a similar pattern for the next two or three days.The IMD's Shivajinagar observatory recorded 8 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Monday, while another 5 mm rainfall was recorded in the preceding 15 hours, between 5.30 pm on Sunday and 8.30 am on Monday. The observatories at Lohegaon and Pashan, which cover mostly the eastern and northwestern outskirts of the city, also reported 3.4 mm and 7.6 mm rains in the 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Monday.\"The city is getting rain under the influence of the active monsoon conditions that prevail over central India,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole told TOI. \"The axis of the monsoon trough is running close to its normal position and it has at least three embedded cyclonic circulations, which prevail over the Gangetic West Bengal, Punjab and north Madhya Pradesh and adjoining Uttar Pradesh,\" she said.\"Under the influence of this system, most of the areas located south of the monsoon trough are getting rain,\" she said. This includes parts of Maharashtra and other areas in the central India region. \"We are expecting enhanced rainfall activity in the central India region for the next two days,\" Khole said.Fairly good rain also occurred in the catchment areas of the main dams which provide water to the city. In the 24 hours ending 6 am on Monday, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams reported 74 mm, 48 mm and 46 mm rain respectively. Khadakwasla received 4 mm during this period.Pune's rainfall deficiency for July has now gone down to 65.7% below normal for the month as against the 90% below normal deficiency that prevailed by the end of the first two weeks of the month. The city's cumulative rainfall since June 1 is now 97.6 mm. This is still 226 mm less than the normal rainfall for the season so far.Referring to the rainfall in the state, Khole said, \"The active monsoon conditions have resulted in rain across most parts of Vidarbha, while the feeble offshore trough in the Arabian Sea that runs from Maharashtra to the Kerala coast, is bringing rain to parts of Konkan and Goa and the south central Maharashtra belt, between Satara and Kolhapur.\"Mahabaleshwar in Satara district recorded 226 mm rain between 8.30 am on Sunday and 5.30 pm on Monday. Of this, 57 mm rainfall was recorded between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Monday. Radhanagari and Gaganbawada, both in Kolhapur district, recorded 70 mm and 60.9 mm rains in the 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Monday.Similarly, parts of Konkan, including Sangmeshwar, Chiplun and Vikramgarh, received 103 mm, 94 mm and 98 mm rain respectively.Vidarbha region now has a rainfall deficiency of just 2% below normal for the season so far, while Konkan and Goa region is also well-placed with a rainfall deficiency of 16% below normal. \"We expect Konkan to make up for its deficiency substantially in the next two days,\" said Khole. However, the central Maharashtra region, between Jalgaon and Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, and the Marathwada region still remain a matter of concern with rainfall deficiencies of 37% and 31% below normal for the season so far, she said.\"The west coast, between Konkan and Kerala, will continue to receive widespread rain but with less intensity due to the feeble condition of the offshore trough in the Arabian sea,\" she added.\"The monsoon trough is expected to move northwards from its present position in the next two to three days, and this will result in enhanced rainfall activity over northwest India including Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Delhi, as well as the eastern states of Jharkhand and Bihar ,\" said Khole.As of now, northwest India is facing a severe rainfall deficiency with Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi meteorological sub-division facing 71% below average deficiency. The rainfall deficiency for Punjab is 689% below normal, while that for west Rajasthan is 65%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285727", "title": "South Central Railway helplines abuzz with frantic calls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Monday's fire tragedy on the Chennai-bound Tamil Nadu Express jolted South Central Railway (SCR) authorities who nevertheless undertook immediate disaster response measures. Helplines were set up at major railway stations and a special train rushed relatives of the dead and the injured from Chennai to Nellore.The fire in coach S11, which killed 28 people, is the second incident of a similar scale and nature in the last five years, after the Gautami Express blaze which claimed 31 lives in 2008.Calls began to pour in at the helplines at Secunderabad, Nellore, Vijaywada, Warangal and Chennai from worried relatives anxious to ascertain the safety of their kin.The disaster management control room at Secunderabad was immediately activated after the accident from where officials monitored the field situation and the relief operations.After the fire was brought under control, the gutted coach was delinked and the train continued on its way to Chennai.Railway traffic was held up until 8am before being restored later on in the day. However, few trains passing through the section for the day had to be cancelled.Sullurupeta-Nellore, Nellore-Sullurupeta, Bitragunta- Chennai Central, Gudur-Vijayawada, Chennai Central-Gudur and Vijayawada-Bitragunta passenger trains were taken off for the day. The services of four other trains were curtailed.The commissioner of railway safety, an authority independent of Railways, has announced that a statutory inquiry would be held at Nellore on August 2-3 at the railway officers' rest house. Members of the public with any knowledge about the incident have been asked to provide evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15284712", "title": "Azaan goes \u2018unheard\u2019, dawn meal a damp squib", "text": "JAIPUR: Power disruption due to grid failure played a spoilsport for 'Rozedars' as many found it difficult to put together 'Sahr', the pre-dawn meal eaten during the holy month of Ramzan. The Muslim neighbourhoods, which come alive at pre-dawn, were shrouded in darkness. Mosques and narrow alleys illuminated with colorful lights for easy passage in the early hours wore a deserted look.The loudspeakers atop mosques and buildings could not make announcements at the beginning and end of Sehr (pre-dawn meal) resulting in the widespread confusion. Every mosque announces the time of Sehr and Azaan for Fazr Namaaz (morning prayers) during Ramzan. \"I and my neighbours did not hear the Azaan leaving us no option but to follow the previous day's prayer time,\" said professor Hasan of Kidwai Nagar.Residents of Kidwai Nagar had to make extra efforts to arrange for items required for the fast. Muslim women had a hard time cooking the pre-dawn meal for the family in candlelight. Ghazi family staying at Amber Road did manage to take the pre-dawn meal on time, thanks to information received by their relatives over the phone. Saleha Ghazi, who works with a private engineering college, said, \"It was difficult for us to prepare meal for our family. All we ate is last night's leftovers, milk and dates,\" while adding that it took more time than the usual to carry out the Roza rituals.Sunday showers also added to the woes. Many low-lying areas were waterlogged forcing the residents to stay indoors. Most of the Walled City roads are in poor shape and dotted with potholes, making them dangerous to navigate through in the absence of streetlights.The food joints where the pious turn up to have their predawn meal, 'Sahr', also registered a dip in sales on Sunday.\"We make pots and pots of Haleem, Biryani, Korma, Kheer and Sheermal during the fasting month. Monday remained an exception when our preparations were only half sold. We hope we don't see such a prolonged power cut-off in future, especially during Ramzan,\" said Ale Rasool, cook at one of the temporary food joints, which spring up during Ramzan.In Ajmer, the situation was similar. Barring the Moinuddin Chisti Dargah, which has power backup, the surrounding areas were engulfed in darkness. Haji Nafees Ahmed, in-charge of Dargah power house, said the power backup was in use till late in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15290221", "title": "Rights body highlights woes of civil society activists in Red zone", "text": "RANCHI: Civil society activists in India have fallen prey to government and Maoist action when they have tried to help government reach its schemes in embattled areas of central and eastern India. This was highlighted in the report released by Human Rights Watch, an international organization which has presence in over 40 countries, here on Monday.The report was authored and released by south Asia director of the organization Meenakshi Ganguly based on interviews with more than 60 local people, actril 2012.The 60-page report titled \"Between two sets of guns: Attacks on civil society activists in India's Maoist conflict\" documents human rights abuses against activists in India's (Odisha, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh) states. It was found that grassroot activists who tried to help the government in taking its welfare schemes to remote areas were often targeted by the Maoists in the name of \"police informer\". In case of their criticism againstivists, journalists and lawyers who were witness to abuses by Indian security forces and Maoists primarily in Odisha, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh between July 2011 and Ap government or corruption of its agencies, security forces brand them as \"Maoist sympathizers\" and harass them using Indian law.\"The authorities use sedition laws to curtail free speech and also concoct criminal cases to lock up critics of government, this despite the fact that apex court of the country in one of its rulings in 1962 had stated that prosecution under sedition law requires evidence of incitement to violence,\" Ganguly said pointing that often sedition cases were dropped when prosecutors were unable to support allegations with evidence in the courts. She found that the activists booked under this law unnecessarily served long periods in detention because their bail pleas are routinely rejected.Citing the examples of Rabindra Kumar Manjhi, Madhusudan Badra and Kanderam Hembram activists with Keonjhar integrated rural development and training institute in Odisha Ganguly said that the trio was arbitrarily arrested in July 2008 and were severely beaten up by police till they confessed to being Maoists. \"All three were later acquitted after two and half year of pretrial detention during which they were subjected to inhuman treatment and torture,\" she said.Admitting that human rights defenders have rarely come under direct attack from Maoists, she said they (Maoists) had been particularly brutal towards those perceived to be government informers or 'class enemies' and did not hesitate to punish them inhumanly after a summary 'trial' in a self-declared people's court (Jan adalat). \"Jan adalats by any definition does not come close to meeting international standards of independence, impartiality, competence of judges, the presumption of innocence or access to defense,\" Ganguly said.She also cited the case of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act activist Niyamat Ansari who helped villagers seek benefits of the welfare scheme but was killed by the Maoists in a \"janadalat\" on accusations of being under influence of the police administration.The human rights watch in its recommendations has said the government has failed to stop local authorities and the security forces from attacking and intimidating civil society activists who are often implementing the very programmes that could deliver development in these remote and long ignored areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hogenakkal", "code": "15285937", "title": "Villagers fear SC case may delay Hogenakkal project", "text": "HOGENAKKAL: Residents of water-starved villages of Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts fear that the much-awaited Hogenakkal Drinking Water and Fluorosis Mitigation Project would be delayed further with the Karnataka government moving the Supreme Court against the project. The Rs 1,928-crore project is expected to address the needs of at least 30 lakh people suffering from fluorosis in the two districts.Municipal Administration and Rural Development Minister K P Munusamy told TOI that 70 per cent of the construction works are over and the rest would be completed on war footing. He is also unmindful of the fresh objection from Karnataka. \"Chief minister Jayalalithaa wants the project to be commissioned by December and we will meet this deadline,'' said Munusamy.The project, situated close to the picturesque Hogenakkal water falls, is expected to ensure safe drinking water for Hosur, Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri municipalities apart from 17 town panchayats and 6,755 village panchayats. Works on laying pipelines for a length of 494 km is going on in full swing. Karnataka fears that Tamil Nadu will expand the scope of the project by introducing tourism facilities, breaching the 67km border along the Cauvery.Work on the project, aided by Japan International Cooperation Agency, started in 1998 despite the objection of Karnataka, to provide clean drinking water to the water-starved districts of Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri. People living in these districts presently depend on ground water which has high fluoride content.\"The project is the fulfillment of a long-pending dream of the poverty-stricken residents of the region. We are all extremely happy that the completion of the project is just six months away,\" says Kulandei Francis, a Magsaysay Award winner and champion of the self-help group movement in Krishnagiri.Flurosis is a major threat in the region. Hundreds of people here have been crippled by flurosis. \"The project will help save future generations of my family,\" said Govindamma, 38, from Melerikottai, who is crippled from hip down. \"The water has crippled several people in the region. It is very common to see children with discolored teeth. We want safe drinking water,\" said Francis.Nageswary, a 33-year-old resident of Vettiyampatti village, says the water available at the local school where her two children study has been declared unfit for drinking by the Tamil Nadu Water and Sewerage Board since it has more than 6 mg of fluoride per litre, four times the permissible level. But the children continue to drink from the same water pump since they don't have access to any other source. Most of the children have brown or black teeth. Some even have holes in their teeth.As per a study by UNICEF , 40,400 of 1.26 lakh school children in Krishnagiri district suffer from dental fluorosis and Dharmapuri has another 75,000 children with significant dental discolouration. \"The only hope for these people is the Hogenakkal project. The two districts get very low rainfall and ground water cannot be completely treated. Water from Krishnagiri dam, supplied to a few areas, is contaminated with sewage from Bangalore. \"We are just going to use 1.45 tmc of the 194 tmc ft of Cauvery water Karnataka is stipulated to give us. And it will help us save the lives of 34 lakh people,\" says a senior government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285134", "title": "Police book Kalyan youth for molesting 20-year-old girl", "text": "MUMBAI: Police in Kalyan have booked a youth on charges of molesting a 20-year-old girl and her two minor friends. The incident happened on Sunday night at the Lokdhara society in Kalyan (E) when the girl was on her way back home from Thane, where she works.She was on her way from the Kalyan railway station with her two friends, when two motorcycle-borne youth started passing lewd comments. When the girl objected, the duo started molesting the girl and one of them, Sumit Patil, tried to tear her clothes.The girl's friends called the locals, who chased the duo and caught them and started beating them. They also called the police, but before the Kolsewadi police could reach the spot, one of them managed to escape.\"We have booked Sumit Patil under various sections of the Indian Penal Code that includes molestation and punishment for voluntarily causing hurt, ,\" B G Rohan, inspector of Kolsewadi police station, said.Some of the locals alleged that Sumit has been seen misbehaving with girls in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286931", "title": "State faces shortage of anti-malaria drugs", "text": "PUNE: State-run health facilities are reeling under severe crunch of testing materials to detect malaria as well as anti-malarial drugs meant for children. Incidence of malarial cases closely correlates with monsoon, which is considered as high transmission season.\"There is a shortage of primaquine 2.5 mg, which is given to children in the age bracket of one to four years. The drug is especially meant for those children who are down with the P vivax strain of malaria. Besides, there is a shortage of items required for malaria detection tests such as glass slides, cotton swabs and lancets, across the state,\" said an official from the state's drugs distribution cell, requesting anonymity.Children in the one to four years age bracket constitute 10 to 15% of total malaria cases in Maharashtra.Among other medicines, the cell also distributes anti-malaria drugs and testing materials to state health facilities, including primary health centres (PHC), sub-centres, rural hospitals and district hospitals for early intervention to control malaria across the state.\"The state needs 20 lakh tablets of primaquine 2.5 mg every year. We have around 50,000 tablets available with some health facilities. Besides, we need 1.5 crore lancets to carry out slide tests for malaria detection. At present, we have around 65 lakh lancets in tribal districts, which are considered sensitive for high transmission of the malaria infection. The 17 non-tribal districts are facing a shortage,\" the official said.Last year, the cell had approached the state's National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) office for its requirement of primaquine 2.5 mg tablets. The NRHM officials had approved the requirement and asked the state procurement cell to provide the required amount of the tablets. The procurement cell, through its centralised drug purchasing system, had in turn asked government drug suppliers to provide the tablets, but the suppliers failed to do so.To tide over the crunch, the cell had to request officials of the Union health and family welfare department to provide the tablets. \"The tablets were insufficient and we are again facing a shortage across the state. There are some health facilities which do have the drugs, but most are running short. This doesn't mean that the centres have stopped treating children with malaria, however. We have asked our health staff to cut primaquine 7.5mg tablets, which are in adequate stock, into four pieces and administer them to the children,\" the official said.\"Our health workers and technicians, who use slide tests to detect malaria caused by P falicparum and P vivax strains are running short of testing materials,\" said the official.Items required for the tests include clean glass slides, disposable lancets, and spirit or cotton swabs to clean the finger. Spirit is required to clean the finger tip, dry gauze to wipe the finger before pricking it and after the blood has been taken for the test, and lancets to prick the finger. These lancets cannot be reused.\"A few drops of blood are spread on a glass slide. A trained laboratory technician then examines the glass slide under a microscope. If the technician sees Plasmodium organisms in the smears, the slide test is reported positive. All the materials are crucial to the test,\" said the official.Satish Pawar, joint director (procurement cell), state health department, said, \"We did not get any response for the tender called to procure glass slides, lancets, cotton gauze, etc. We are going to recall the tender now. Besides, another tender for supply of 190 drugs, including anti-malaria drugs, has also been called. The shortage will soon be addressed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287405", "title": "Nurse found dead at Kodungaiyu", "text": "CHENNAI: A 36-year-old nurse was found dead with her throat slit in her house in Kodungaiyur on Monday. Part of a gold chain she was wearing is missing, police said. Her other jewellery like earrings and mangalsutra were in place.Police said M Sumathi, 36, a nurse in a private hospital in Krishnamoorthy Nagar, had gone home for lunch when the murder took place between 2.30pm and 4.30pm.The incident came to light at 4.30pm, when one of her neighbours, Shanthi, went to her place to get an injection. Shanthi found Sumathi's body lying in a pool of blood. She usually came home for lunch and returned in the evening.Shanthi informed Sumathi's husband Munnusamy, 40, employed as an assistant manager in a construction firm. Kodungaiyur police rushed to the spot with a sniffer dog and forensic experts lifted fingerprints from the scene of crime.Police who found her throat slit using a kitchen knife said the two knives kept inside their house were not used to commit the crime. But her earning and nose ring was intact on the woman's body which raised suspicion about her being killed for reason other than gain. The couple have two daughters - Mahalakshmi,a Class 12 student and Kamakshi who is in Class 10.Police said they have some clues and have interviewed the victim's husband. \"The motive of the murder is yet to be established. We suspect the involvement of some people known to Sumathi,\" said assistant commissioner (MKB Nagar) Govi Manoharan. \"The killer tried to pull the chain forcibly but succeeded in getting only a part of it.\" The nature of injury showed that the injury was inflicted from close proximity.The body was sent for a postmortem to Stanley Medical College Hospital and further inquiries are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285155", "title": "Party spirit alive and dancing", "text": "BANGALORE: They are young, and they are thumbing their noses at the party poopers: the recent attack on revellers at Padil has not scared the city's young crowd.While Vijay Kumar , one of the victims of Saturday's incident, has decided not to party here, many youngsters says they will continue partying in the city to \"send a message to the goons that Mangalore is safe for the student fraternity\".The port city has five good restaurants with bars attached, where students like to hang out as they serve a variety of cuisines and play different kinds of Western music.Daphny D'Souza, a chartered accountancy student, told TOI she would never stop partying, because if the youth give in, the goons will continue to be a nuisance and only increase their activities in the coming days.\"Most students visit pubs only to celebrate success, or for events organized by colleges. Students in Mangalore are not party freaks. Once in a while, students party in private places like resorts and beach houses but the owners of these places should assure safety for the students,\" she said.Though many students are opposing the incident by taking part in protests, Deeptti D'Souza, a PG in dermatology, has her own mantra to teach the goons a lesson. Deeptti says because they are interfering in the students' privacy, she and her friends have decided to party more frequently.The girls are also angry that they are being harassed in the name of tradition and culture. \"To be on the safer side, girls should take more boys (classmates or friends) with them for protection, because these activists can barge anywhere anytime to vandalize, said Deeptti. \"Parents should not get scared and prevent us from taking part in parties, instead they should support their children to fight them,\" she added.Carlton Lasrado, an MSc student who frequently parties with his friends in pubs and private places, said: \"I will never stop partying but some students are scared following the attack and have decided to stop. These students will feel at ease only if all the accused are punished by police.\"Two students Narendra and Royston (names changed) say nothing can stop students from partying but since the outskirts are proving dangerous, with the authorities failing to provide safety, they will party in the city limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287590", "title": "Comunidades oppose legalizing of illegal structures", "text": "PANAJI: The members and leaders of age-old comunidade bodies in the state have opposed the government's move to regularize illegal structures with a cut-off period up to June 2000, stating that it would set a bad precedent and lead to irretrievable loss of community-owned lands.The state has 225 comunidade bodies, which were in existence since times immemorial and the land belongs to the respective communities to be shared commonly. In all, the number of illegal constructions on comunidade land is 2,515, including 2,127 in North Goa and 418 in South Goa.J Carmino Joao, a component of Morombi Pequeno comunidade, said that regularization of illegal structures on comunidade lands will only encourage more such activities. \"The proposal is bad in nature as the land belongs to the communities and making the structures legal will set a precedent,\" he said.The government had carried out an amendment under Article 372(A) to the Code of Comunidades by inserting a provision to regularize certain illegal constructions in communidade land up to June 2000. However, Chicalim comunidade had challenged it in the court of law.\"This amendment is opposed by the comunidades as their representatives have not been consulted, as required under article 652 of the Code of Comunidades,\" Tulio de Souza, attorney of Guirim comunidade said.Further, de Souza said the communities, in general, are not averse to regularization of structures which have existed for more than two decades. \"But the right to carry out the process is vested more with the collector rather than the comunidades, who are basically the land owners,\" he said.The government should also compensate the comunidade bodies at market rates, in case regularization is done, he added. \"The government could even think of other incentives like transferred development rights, to compensate comunidades who are fast losing their assets,\" de Souza suggested.But many gaunkars and components are opposed to the government's proposal. \"We are against regularization of encroachments on our land, which was set aside for our future generations,\" Sigmund de Souza, a gaunkar of Serula comunidade, said. The resentment over regularization emanates from the fact that encroachers on comunidade land are non-locals. Also, community land which cannot be sold as per the Code of Comunidades will be lost for posterity if it is regularized. \"The regularization is in violation of the Supreme Court order, which has ruled that community-owned lands cannot be encroached upon,\" de Souza added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287345", "title": "HC orders closure of Tasmac outlet in Mylapor", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered the immediate closure of a retail liquor vending outlet run by Tasmac near the Saibaba temple in Mylapore. In terms of sale, the shop no. 912 is said to be the second largest in the city.In a curt order on Monday, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"We direct the respondents (Tasmac and city commissioner of police) to immediately close the shop in question\".The bench was passing orders on a public interest writ petition, which contended that shop no. 912 on Subbarayan Salai was less than 50 feet from Nandalala temple and less than 100 metres from Saibaba temple in Mylapore. Right opposite the shop was a Vinayaga temple, the PIL filed by advocate Vanathi Srinivasan said.She said customers visiting the outlet and the airconditioned bar attached to it, abused passersby and teased girls. Vanathi said several complaints had been given and requests made to the Tasmac management to close the outlet. She said even the Mylapore MLA requested police to look into the issue.When the local unit of the BJP staged a demonstration against the shop on May 3, 2011, protesters, including women were arrested and kept in custody for a day by E4 station police, she said.While hearing the PIL, the first bench pointed out that on December 23, 2011, when the matter came up for hearing, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan had submitted that he would instruct the authorities to make an inquiry and find out whether the shop had been opened in violation of the Act and Rules. If it was found that the shop functioning in violation of rules and that it had to be shifted necessarily, then appropriate decisions will be taken, he had said.However, on February 21, when the matter was again taken up, no progress was reported. Pointing out this, the judges said on Monday that the shop should be closed immediately.Shop no. 912 on Subbarayan Salai was less than 50 feet from Nandalala temple and less than 100 metres from Saibaba temple in Mylapore. Right opposite the shop was a Vinayaga temple, the PIL said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285471", "title": "Plea against government inability to take bank heads to task", "text": "MUMBAI: The government's admission that it cannot initiate action against the chairman and managing director (CMD) of public sector enterprises has prompted a petition in the Bombay high court. The vigilance division of the ministry of finance has said that CMD and executive directors are appointed by the President and hence they could only issue a note of displeasure.But it said it was desirable that rules and regulations be amended. T K Venkatesh, a former Central Bank employee, and the officers' association has filed a writ petition seeking the court's intervention. The government's reply was in response to the complaints against the bank's former chairman and managing director Homai Daruwala. She was the CMD from June 2005 to December 2008. Following allegations of wrongdoings, the central vigilance commission initiated a probe and found that she had violated the guidelines in appointing retired general managers of the bank as consultants.The probe also found irregularities in the promotion process. The government said board level appointees in public sector banks are governed by Nationalized Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme. If they are found guilty and in the meantime, they retire, the only option is to issue a displeasure note, which may not serve any purpose, the letter said. The petition says this is discrimination as other employees are punished even for minor misconduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286256", "title": "\u2018Micro-organisms can lead to good agro crop yield\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Students and teachers of Jacob School of Biotechnology &amp; Bioengineering of Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology &amp; Sciences (SHIATS) attended a lecture by Prof Bernard Paul of University of Burgundy, France on Monday.The French scientist gave a lecture on 'International patent on the use of micro-organisms for the good of agricultural crops'. Prof Paul highlighted the control of grapevine diseases through the use of Pythium spp. (of which he has filed more than 30 patents) and the production of high quality biological wine. His presentation gave a disquieting eye opener on the level of chemical residues that is being taken up into the food chain due to the extensive use of chemical pesticides and propounded the use of biological resources that is microorganisms with antimicrobial activity, as biopesticides.The lecture was followed by an interactive session between the students and Prof Paul.Prof Bernard Paul has several publications and international patents to his credit. Those present on the occasion included Dean, Jacob School of Biotechnology &amp; Bioengineering Prof BP Masih, Prof PJ George, of Allahabad School of Agriculture, SHIATS, and various Deans and heads of departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285824", "title": "Hundreds march from India Gate to Jantar Mantar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over a thousand Team Anna supporters thronged India Gate on Monday evening, from where they marched to Jantar Mantar and joined Anna Hazare , who is fasting since Sunday.\"Though it was a working day, people from all walks of life turned up to garner support for the movement. It was more than we had expected. Over 2,000 people participated in the rally,\" said Team Anna member Kumar Vishwas.Murali Kumar (72), a farmer from Haryana's Palwal district, came specially to support Anna. The sprightly farmer participated in the rally and walked all the way to Jantar Mantar. \"Farmers are affected the most by corruption. There is no help from government agencies, which have left us to fend for ourselves,\" said Murali.The crowd shouted slogans against the government as it marched peacefully from India Gate to Jantar Mantar via Kasturba Gandhi Marg. Sudhir Banga (28), an HR executive with an MNC, worked half day so that he could attend the rally with his wife.\"It's high time something was done. Ministers are becoming rich by robbing people of their hard-earned money. India is still not free. Only when corruption is removed we can be truly independent,\" said Banga. Traffic came to a standstill in and around Connaught Place due to the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285324", "title": "Redevelopment of \u2018tall\u2019 SoBo building stayed", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday has stayed vertical construction of a multi-storeyed residential building coming up at A-Road in Churchgate. The HC bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar restrained developer Vasant Sagar Properties while hearing a public interest litigation filed by the Federation of Churchgate residents and other residential associations in the vicinity against the construction.The residents, among other challenges to the development, said that redevelopment of an existing building was violating a 1995 rule that prohibits new buildings to exceed the height of existing buildings. The HC said the developer could continue with work on the walls till a height of 25m, although the building has touched 50m height.Senior counsel Aspi Chinoy, appearing for the residents, pointed out that a special development control regulation for only A-ward, which covers the Churchgate area, specifically states that \"height of reconstructed buildings shall be limited to the existing height of buildings of similar age in the surrounding area.\" The height of the new building, which is coming up after demolition of 1940 building Vasant Sagar (let out to the Indian Navy till 2008) has however exceeded the neighbouring buildings, residents said.The new building is a ground-plus-13-storey building with three storeys of car parking. Residents said the development permissions have also flouted other development rules and height clearance norms and coastal zone regulations. Senior counsel Milind Sathe, who appeared for the developer, strenuously opposed the petition and said all necessary permissions were in place from various authorities, including the BMC, and argued that since the building's height was less than 70m, it was 58m, it was not even necessary to seek the nod of the special height clearance committee. Additional solicitor-general Kevic Setalvad, reading out letters and notifications regarding coastal zone clearances, said that the development \"warranted no interim relief whatsoever\".Sathe said the building was almost ready and only three slabs remained to be placed. He said the PIL was \"not a PIL but at the behest of one individual who has been opposing the construction since 2008\". He stressed that the residents be asked to give an undertaking that they would compensate the developer later if they fail. The bench said it would consider this plea later and sought a reply from the developer, adjourning the matter to August 27.The residents said the original building was rented out during WWII by defence forces, which continued to be a tenant till they surrendered their tenancy rights mid-2008. In 1987, the original lessees assigned the property and the plot to Vasant Sagar properties. The Navy surrendered its tenancy rights to Vasant Sagar in 2008, which then applied for redevelopment permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285640", "title": "Traffic crawls as signals fail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The power grid failure triggered jams across the city, as almost all of the 780 traffic signals stopped functioning. Traffic crawled during the morning peak hours on Monday, with the rain adding to the mess. It didn't help that Metro commuters also travelled by road as services were disrupted initially.Traffic on most of the intersections was handled manually by cops. While traffic lights in New Delhi area were reported to be functioning, this was not the case in other areas. Traffic movement was slow on important stretches like Vikas Marg, Ring Road, Outer Ring Road, Mathura Road, NH-8 and NH-24.\"All traffic officers available were deployed for managing vehicles. They were instructed to be at the intersections from 8am. Officials were told to facilitate traffic movement and not spend time on challaning vehicles. More than 4,000 officers were on the job,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.\"Traffic volume on Monday morning is more than any other weekday. With signals not working and rain playing truant, commuters had a tough time,\" said a senior traffic cop. Signals started working in phases in Delhi. In New Delhi area, six signals \u2014 Gyarah Murti, Panchkuian Road, Kautilya Marg-Sardar Patel Marg, Bhairon Road-Ring Road, Bhairon Road-Mathura Road and Janpath-Rajendra Prasad Road intersections - were not working. Though other signals were reported to be functioning, traffic remained heavy on Mathura Road due to non-functioning signals. By 2pm, all signals had been restored, said traffic cops.Traffic lights started functioning as early as 7.30am in south Delhi; all lights in the area were working by 10am. Some signals in north and east Delhi were restored by 8.15am, and the rest were back in order by 9.30am, according to traffic police. \"Traffic lights in areas like Lodhi Road were restored by 7.30-7.40am, while lights at Kalkaji, Lajpat Nagar were working by 9-9.15am,\" said a senior traffic cop.Traffic lights at Civil Lines and Kashmere Gate-ISBT were working by 8.15am, and other lights in Model Town, Rohini and Ashok Vihar had been restored by 9.30am. Traffic lights on Wazirabad stretch and Vikas Marg were working by 8.30am, while those on NH-24 were the last to start working by 9am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285782", "title": "10% of Adarsh flat-buyers financed by BJP MP\u2019s firm", "text": "MUMBAI: Of the 103 flats of the scam-hit Adarsh cooperative housing society, the San Finance Corporation (SFC) with Rajya Sabha member Ajay Sancheti (BJP) as a partner, has financed nearly one-tenth of the flat buyers. Abhay Sancheti, a partner of the firm registered in Nagpur, in a recent submission to the two-member judicial panel looking into Adarsh's irregularities, said it has \"granted loans to 10 individuals\" who were allotted flats in Adarsh.Sancheti said on June 30, 2012, that the firm has taken steps to secure its loan and entered into agreements with borrowers, and on July 10, 2010, had also informed the housing society of its loans and directed it not to initiate the sale of these flats without clearance from SFC.A borrower, Permanand K Hinduja, a retired defence estates officer, who took the loan in 2004 and got possession of the flat in October 2010, in his deposition on June 18, 2012, was shown the letter by senior counsel for the commission Dipan Merchant. The letter, which Hinduja claimed to be seeing for the first time, conveyed SFC's interest in the flats. It said, \"We wish to inform you that as per terms of the finance agreed between us, in the event of inability to repay us the amount advanced by us, the flat allotted to him shall be transferred to us, as and when transferable, in lieu of the advance unpaid.\"Hinduja said the interest amount was 15% per annum and amounted to Rs 21,782, which he had not paid. He said he had not issued cheques towards loan repayment to SFC since October 2010, and claimed that no demands were made of him either. He also admitted that in his income-tax returns he \"did not show the Adarsh flat allotted to me\".Sancheti said in his affidavit that a borrower, Amarsingh Waghmare, has repaid the loan and \"others have shown an intention to repay\". He said the loan beneficiaries have said that \"after getting possession of the flats, the loan would be repaid\".He said the firm is in the financing business for decades and the \"loans/advances are based on past relationship and comfort level of its partners\". Thus, he said, \"no resolutions are legally required for granting loans. The loans were sanctioned directly by the erstwhile senior partner, Shaktikumar Sancheti, on the recommendations of society officials\".The loans were given in phases by cheques to applicants or directly to Adarsh housing society after seeing allotment letters and \"various sanctions received from various authorities,'' Sancheti said. All transactions, he said, have been assessed by the income-tax department too.The Adarsh commission comprising former Bombay high court Justice J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam is going into the issue of valid memberships. One of the terms of reference was whether any person who was not eligible to become a society member was approved to be made a member, and if so, who?The commission, mandated to present its findings on 12 terms of reference, has already submitted a final report on ownership and reservation of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15286630", "title": "Tribal girls' hostel inmate missing", "text": "YAVATMAL: One of the inmates of the local Government Tribal Girls Hostel is reportedly missing for the last four days. However, the warden lodged a missing complaint after three days. Police have started a search operation on information gathered from her friends. As per unconfirmed reports, she last appeared in Babhulgaon, 25 kms from the town on Monday afternoon.Tribal development project director Dr Prashant Rumale, who is currently camping at Nashik for official reasons, told TOI that the 19-year-old girl, who hails from village Harsul in Digras tehsil of Yavatmal district, is doing her Diploma in Teacher Education at the local Govt DEd College for the last two years.On July 26 morning, the girl left the hostel saying that she was going for a typewriting exam but did not turn up thereafter. Hostel warden Kishori Bagade, who apparently took it lightly, initially searched at different places. Later she reported the incident to the girl's parents. Her mother rushed to the hostel and tried to find her but in vain.Finally after three days, the warden contacted the Wadgaon road police station and lodged a missing complaint. When contacted, police station officer Sarjerao Gaikwad said that a team has been sent to Babhulgaon after getting a tip off. But he could not confirm whether the girl was found.According to warden Bagade, she did not lodge a police complaint earlier as the girls often leave the hostel to visit their friends' places for a overnight stay or even a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15290224", "title": "Cement plants ruining caves in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: Indian sub-continent's longest and deepest cave system, the Kotsati at Lumshnong in Janitia hills, is under threat from a cement plants that have come up in the area under questionable circumstances. A few years ago, the Meghalaya government had approved two cement plants under the North East Industrial Policy at Lumshnong, where some of India's natural and ancient cave systems are located.Kotsati, which measures 21.56 km, and other smaller caves - each a treasure trove of palaeontological, speleological, karstological, and environmental research - are said to be facing the threat of extinction owing to unmindful limestone quarrying. Environmentalists fear that the entire cave system could perish if things carried on as they are.Most of the 24 openings to the Kotsati-Umlawan cave system are said to have been adversely affected not just by pollutants, but also by quarry deposits that have blocked the entrances and destroyed breathtaking coral and stalactite formations along with a 'virgin river passage' that flows inside it. \"The project costs of both the cement companies have been grossly undervalued on paper to get easy environment clearance certificate from the State Pollution Control Board,\" said an environmentalist.Experts claim that the destruction of some of \"the unique and rare cave systems\" of the world has already begun. Most have blamed the state government for allowing the cement plants to come up in these areas which are homes to historic natural biodiversity spots, including the Narpuh Reserve Forest.\"Everything will be ruined... the history, the distinctive cave life, the beautiful stalagmites,\" said an ardent speleologist who did not want to be named. \"Documentation of some of the caves in Meghalaya, like the Bhuban cave in Nongjri under the East Khasi hills district date back to the 1827 or a little earlier and it would suffice to say that the caves provide for a comprehensive study of the environment,\" he said.The cavers say they are not against development plans but emphasize that there should be some balance. \"Do we have the right to destroy India's longest caves?\" one of them asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai/new delhi", "code": "15285310", "title": "Railway staff skips mandatory overhaul of electrical parts", "text": "CHENNAI/NEW DELHI: Railways maintenance staffs say Monday's disaster was waiting to happen, as shortage of staff, scarcity of components and pressure to operate trains on time make them skip mandatory overhauling of electrical components, especially wiring inside coaches.\"Many times components like switches, alternators and regulators are taken from sick coaches and installed in new ones. Alternators are used to generate power when train runs and a regulator is used to control voltage. When these components malfunction, there is a possibility of a voltage surge. The fire seems to have been caused by a power short circuit,\" said a railway technician.\"Coaches are checked for defects in the undercarriage, wheels and equipment. But, electrical fixtures are given only a perfunctory check. Even broken fixtures are not changed when a train is readied for operation. In air conditioned coaches battery is charged without checking whether it is working well,\" said a railway staff at the electrical department.Rules say that all electrical items should be replaced periodically, when midlife overhauling is done every 12 years. But, \"in most of the cases wiring is not changed. The coach that caught fire was due for its periodic overhaul next year,\" said an official.The emphasis now is only on AC travellers who constitute one-third of rail passengers. In the sleeper coaches, only the rexin of the seats and the side window panels of the train are fire resistant. Fire extinguishers are found only in AC coaches and the floor vinyl panel and curtains of only coaches used in Rajdhanis, Shatabdis and Durantos are fire resistant. Railways claimed last year that it has launched a pilot project to install fire and smoke detection alarms on trains and equip coaches with fire-retardant material.Railways standing committee chairman on Monday promised to work out ways to prevent recurrence. \"The next meeting of the standing committee will discuss steps to be taken to prevent recurrence of such accidents and present it to Parliament for consideration,\" he said in a statement.For more than six months, the ministry of railways has been sitting on the recommendations by a panel headed by nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar to improve safety of trains. Kakodkar who went into reasons of various accidents had suggested that trains should have flame detection sound alarms. Eyewitnesses of the Nellore accident said they woke up only after the fire had spread.The panel had noted that the possibility of fire accidents is highest between 2pm to 6am. The Tamil Nadu Express compartment caught fire at 4:20am. The panel had suggested immediate investment of Rs1 lakh crore for a safer railway system and raising Rs 5,000 crore from passengers as safety cess.Last month, the Comptroller and Auditor General observed that the railway authorities have given least priority to the safety of passengers and train operations. The CAG report slammed the railways' inability to maintain safety as its first priority after 20 passengers were killed in more than six accidents since January 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285733", "title": "UP power officials blame it on abnormal frequency", "text": "LUCKNOW: The epicentre of the snag that led to the failure of the Northern Grid lied somewhere between Agra and Unnao. Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre has reportedly identified a fault in the transmission line connecting Agra and Unnao, which led to acute power crisis in eight states on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. Official sources however told TOI that the transmission line between Agra and Gwalior is also being examined.UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi confirmed to TOI that the NRLDC did point out at a fault on a transmission line somewhere in the Agra region. He, however, maintained that only after a proper enquiry anything concrete could be concluded. \"The flow of power load on different transmission lines will have to be assessed before anything is concluded,\" he said. Authorities in UP are also looking at the possibility of a fault in the transmission line originating from the sub-station of the Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL), a central government undertaking.The tripping of the said transmission line led to shifting of power load on other lines in the region. \"There was a cascading effect because of which the frequency of the grid became abnormal and it collapsed,\" sources said.The incident also throws a question that if the system could have isolated itself to prevent the effect from getting spread to the entire northern grid. The northern region grid is also connected to the east and west grid, forming a system called 'NEW' (North, East, West) grid. Sources said that thankfully, the east and west grid isolated themselves.Even as the Centre blamed the UP along with Haryana and Punjab for drawing more power from the central grid, authorities in UP maintained that the state is not at all responsible for the crisis. UP as a matter of fact was drawing anything around 1,500 Mw on the day, when the crisis came to the fore. This was the maximum overdrawl amongst the northern states. The need for overdrawl was essentially a result of ever rising demand as against poor generation in UP.Significantly, it was only on July 20 when the Northern Region Power Committee (NRPC) had warned the states not to resort to overdrawl and instead arrange for power through bilateral arrangements and power exchanges.According to NRLDC data, as many as nine power units in UP were not functioning on the day, resulting in shortfall of around 2,500 Mw. Some of the power plants were closed for annual maintenance, while a few others went off the steam because of technical reasons or coal shortage. For example, the thermal power stations like Paricha (110 Mw), unit 11 of Obra (200 Mw) and unit 10 of Obra (200 Mw) in the state sector and Tanda (110 Mw) and Rihand (500 Mw) of the NTPC were not generating power because of the renovation work. Likewise, the units like 600 Mw Anpara C remained stalled because of the coal shortage, while units like 300 Mw Rosa stopped generation after a commercial dispute with UPPCL.The situation was further accentuated with the tripping of six thermal power plants of the National Thermal Power Corporation, resulting in a shortfall of around 3,500 Mw. As against the demand of over 12,000 Mw, the state's own resources were producing only around 3,000 Mw, while it depended largely on the central grid.UP government as a matter of fact had been candid of arranging additional power in the month of Ramzan. In fact, the state government had allocated a budget of Rs 4,000 crore as subsidy for power purchase. For the past few days, the state government was buying power to the tune of Rs 7 crore per day, officials said.Elaborating on the prevailing situation and steps taken by the Centre, Union power minister, Shushil Kumar Shinde, said, \"We have set up a three-member committee to look into the collapse of the Northern Power Grid. The panel will submit its report in the next 15 days.\" Central Electricity Authority chairperson AS Bakshi, Power Grid Corporation chairman and managing director RN Nayak and Power System Operation Corporation chief executive officer S K Soonee will make up the panel.On the possible reasons for the collapse, the minister said they would be known once the panel submits the report. Responding to a query on whether overdrawl by states led to the grid's failure, Shinde said, \"It cannot be said whether overdrawing by states is one of the reasons or there is any other reason. The panel will find out. Right now, we are getting additional 8,000 MW hydro-power, including from Bhutan, to meet our demand.\"At the time grid collapsed, UP was reportedly overdrawing around 1,500 Mw from the grid. Awasthi (UPPCL chairman), however, said that the state was overdrawing well within its limits and was maintaining the requisite grid discipline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289934", "title": "Nusrat and Indrasish let their hair down", "text": "Revellers showed how to let their hair down at Underground, The HHI on Saturday night. Celebrity DJ Amour from Mumbai, looking every inch a diva, ensured that not only the dance floor but the whole pub was filled to capacity.The party continued till 2 am as word of mouth about the happening party spread and partygoers trooped in till late. \"Great music and good company marked a perfect end to a hectic week and a great start to the week ahead! It's wonderful to see the party spirit of Kolkata,\" said Krittika. We spotted actors Nusrat and Indrasish at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285728", "title": "Operations switch to power back up at Amausi during grid collapse", "text": "LUCKNOW: Airport services in Lucknow remained unaffected despite the major power disruption following the collapse of the northern grid.Amausi airport sources said that all terminal operations in new building have alternate power back up from the generators. So, whenever there is a power failure, like in case of grid failure, the entire system switches on to the generators. Even though that raises the operational cost of the terminal building, the authorities have no option. Sources said that being an essential and strategic service, airports in the state are being alerted accordingly.The Amausi airport, as a matter fact, has been categorised as the alternate terminal for the Delhi airport. \"Therefore the airport is operational for 24 hours,\" said an AAI official.Even though there is not much flight movement in the midnight, the airport is always geared up for arrival of flights in case of emergency, especially during the winters when heavy fog conditions disrupt the flights operations. This is not the case with the airports like the one in Varanasi, where flights operations are closed in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15287382", "title": "With Beijing Road, China puts stamp on disputed island", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese authorities are providing housing to almost all residents of Sansha city in South China Sea, disputed by China, Vietnam and Philippines. Sansha City has 159 people, which makes it possibly the least populated urban area in the world.China established the new city last week to function as administrative HQ for other disputed areas , Zhongsha and Nansha islands , and their surrounding waters in South China Sea.Although nearly 40% of China's 1.4 billion people can't afford proper houses, Beijing is building 83 low-rent apartments for Sansha City's residents . A new hospital is also under construction. A rain water treatment plans and two 500-kw diesel generator sets have also been established \u2014 all to woo the local people over to their side. It's not known yet whether authorities plan to populate the island with mainland Chinese.The main thoroughfare in the new city is called 'Beijing Road' to ensure loyalty of the residents towards China and defeat any possibility of a split in loyalty towards Vietnam or Philippines , a Chinese government source said. Sansha City's residents will be absorbed as workers providing ancillary support to the new military garrison, which was announced three days back, sources said. China has also announced names of army officers , who will command the garrison and supplement the existing naval garrison in the disputed islands.Xinhua reported that the island's residents have \"enthusiastically welcomed\" the improvements in their lives. \"Now we have access to power and clean water, and there are supermarkets, banks, restaurants and cafes on Beijing Road. Life is much better than before,\" the agency quoted a resident as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15289496", "title": "Tapi water going places now!", "text": "SURAT: What makes Surti delicacies such as locho, khaman, ghari, khaja, chicken and mutton biryani so tasteful? Some may guess it to be a concoction of spices and herbs, but the answer is 'water'. It is the sweetness of water that makes Surti food so popular and an ultimate experience for many. Nothing can be more apt than this saying 'Surat nu jaman ane Kashi nu maran' (eat in Surat and die in Kashi).Mahesh Sakarlal Gandhi, a maharaj (vegetarian cook), last month got an order for preparing Surti delicacies like khaman, dhokla, locho and other vegetarian dishes from a Surti food admirer, Sanjeev Srivastava, a textile trader in Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh. Gandhi accepted the offer to cook food for 150 people on the condition that he be provided a car to carry along 50 litres of potable water with him.\"Spices, herbs and other ingredients used in the preparation of Surti delicacies are the same everywhere. But, the original taste of Surti delicacies comes from the sweetness of the water from Tapi river. I make it a point to carry water along with me whenever I get cooking orders outside the city,\" said Gandhi.\"The water of Tapi is very sweet. It gives an unbelievable softness to khaman and locho preparations,\" Gandhi added.Speaking to TOI from Lucknow, Sanjeev Srivastava said, \"I visit Surat thrice a month on business trips. On a few occasions, I had a chance to taste Surti delicacies and became a big fan of them. There was a small gathering at my place and I decided to invite Gandhi Maharaj from Surat. But, I was surprised when he told me that he needs a car to bring 50 litres of water all the way from Surat to Lucknow. I must say the food was excellent and Tapi water played a major role.\"Sakeel Ansari, a well-known batiyara (non-vegetarian cook), too believes that Surti water has a major role to play in making his biryani tasty.Ansari, a master chef for chicken biryani and other non-vegetarian varieties, takes orders from Ahmedabad, Bharuch and Vadodara. Whenever he (Ansari) is out on a cooking contract, he too would carry the required amount of water with him.Ansari said, \"A few years ago, I was invited to Bharuch to prepare chicken biryani. Most of the people, who have admired my biryani in Surat, were of the opinion that the taste of the biryani was different. However, since that day I decided to carry water on the outdoor contract. A few months later, I cooked biryani in the same locality using Surti water and the people literally licked their fingers.\"Mahesh Patel, a private water supplier from Udhna, told TOI, \"If our cooks are on the outdoor cooking contract, they can't do away with water. The demand for water increases during the marriage season. We send water tankers to Bharuch and Vadodara specially for cooking purpose.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "15287633", "title": "Builders suffer blow at Carambolim meet", "text": "OLD GOA: Carambolim locals have decided to act tough against builders who undertake projects of five flats and more in the jurisdiction of Carambolim panchayat in the future.In the gram sabha held on Sunday, members deliberated keenly on the construction activity in the village taking into account garbage disposal, water and power supply. Several members said that as constructions keep increasing, there is, simultaneously, a demand for more water and power supply to the new dwellings. They said that garbage too adds to the burden. Members, therefore, suggested that the builder be asked to install his own transformer, provide parking slots in his premises and arrange disposal of garbage from the respective flats.It was also decided that the panchayat should not grant NOC to any builder who does not comply with the above requirements. Sarpanch Wanisha Valladares said that the resolutions were adopted and subsequently passed in the gram sabha. \"A copy of the resolution is being forwarded to the Town and Country Planning Department (TCP),\" she told TOI.Former sarpanch and present panch member Wilson Valladares added that in case any builder obtained permission from the TCP, bypassing the panchayat, the villagers would then unitedly stop the construction.Wilson Valladares later told TOI that the three bundhs at Naganzo Khedo and Dhonzo Affdo are in a dilapidated condition. Several requests and reminders to the mamlatdar and authorities from the soil conservation department have fallen on deaf ears as no action is forthcoming from them to remedy the situation. \"All the authorities concerned have been totally misguided regarding these developments in the village by the talathi, Rajesh Narvekar,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286751", "title": "Bikram squad members give up arms at Writers'", "text": "KOLKATA: Less than a fortnight after Maoist state committee member Arnab Dam alias Bikram was arrested from Purulia, two of his squad members - Shikha Hansda and Champa Hembrom - surrendered before police at the Writers' Buildings on Monday. The duo had apparently surrendered before the Purulia SP at his office on Sunday.Shikha, a deputy commandant, and Champa, a squad member, handed over two 12 bore double barrel guns, along with 10 rounds of ammunition, to DGP Naparajit Mukherjee at Writers'. While the government refused to divulge details of the operations Shikha and Champa were involved in, \"both were a part of all the operations that Bikram was involved in over the past few years,\" according to a senior official.Bikram, a 31-year-old Maoist state committee member, was arrested from a Purulia village on July 16. According to police, Bikram masterminded the murder of seven members of a Forward Bloc family, the abduction and murder of police inspector Partha Sarathi Biswas and teacher Saumyajit Basu. Whether Shikha and Champa were involved in these two operations was not disclosed on Monday, but going by the indications, it is likely that they accompanied Bikram on both the occasions.According to Shikha Hansda, a resident of Parbai in Purulia, the Maoists enticed poor villagers to join them and when they were part of their squad, they tortured women and villagers as well. \"They (the Maoists) would torture villagers, accusing them of being police moles,\" said Shikha.\"What she means is that the Maoists initially sweet talk the villagers into joining their groups and later torture women,\" explained the DGP. Champa, a resident of Kherua in Purulia's Balarampur, nodded in agreement.Bikram's arrest was one of the biggest success stories for the security forces in Jangalmahal since the killing of Kishanji in November last year. He had carrying with him an AK-47 and 30 bullets when he was arrested.Bikram, an important member of the outfit's Bengal state committee, was in charge of Purulia and the Bengal-Jharkhand border zone. He and another leader Tarit, who was in charge of the military wing, struck terror in the villages for months. But apparently, Bikram's political thoughts often clashed with Kishanji's.The situation changed after the assembly elections and Tarit was withdrawn from the Purulia front. Also, the Purulia unit lost several important members who were either arrested or killed and Bikram was forced to retreat with a small group of rebels into remote regions. It is assumed that these two women were part of that gang that had backed away.Also, after the arrest of Bikram and now with the surrender of these two women, police feel they are more in grasp with the Maoist movement in that region and that they can track down other important leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15287608", "title": "Development issues raised at Poriem, Keri, Morlem VP gram sabhas", "text": "KERI: The village panchayats of Poriem, Morlem and Keri conducted their gram sabhas after the election of new members and discussed various development issues.The gram sabha of Morlem was held on July 15 in the presence of newly elected sarpanch Jairam Gaonkar. The panch member Sushant Paste proposed a resolution for constructing a new bridge connecting Bagwada to Gimaywada on a priority basis as the existing foot bridge was too narrow and old. He also said that the absence of a proper road to Bagwada created much inconvenience.As bills for public water taps were high and the panchayat had no adequate funds, it was resolved by villagers that Morlem panchayat should be exempted from paying the bills.Villagers also requested necessary arrangements for Ganesh idol immersion at Kesarwada and the construction of a road under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme at Morlem rehabilation colony.On July 22, at a gram sabha of Keri village, locals expressed resentment over increase in the number of below poverty line families and Krishna Pandu Majik sought a probe into the families of government servants enjoying benefits of various government schemes meant for the BPL. During the last 10 years, the number of BPL families have been increased in Keri. There are 435 BPL families in Keri.Visnu Yesso Gawas from Vakanar highlighted the burning issue of land ownership in the area. Narayan Parodkar from Ghoteli No. 1 raised the issue of garbage posing a threat to the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary and urged the panchayat to take steps to curb the menace.On July 29, Poriem villagers expressed concern over the increase in bogus ration card holders as well as the increase in the non-Goan population. The panchayat has the highest number of families in BPL in Sattari taluka. There are 731 families availing benefit of BPL schemes .Ramchandra Gawas said, \"Names of families of government servants as well as those who are in the higher income category should be deleted from the BPL list.\"Pradip Rane alleged that a mobile phone tower was illegal and asked the panchayat to take legal action against the company.The sarpanch of Poriem Bhiso Gaonkar said, \"I will initiate necessary action against the mobile tower owners as well as against bogus ration card holders if any in the panchayat area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15286598", "title": "Rs1.68 crore distributed to 16,865 flood hit", "text": "YAVATMAL: The government has distributed Rs1.68 crore to 16,865 flood-hit persons in the form of ex-gratia amount of Rs1,000 each over the last three days. The panchanama of damages has been completed in the villages of Darwah tehsil while 30-40% of the panchanama work has been completed in other flood hit villages.District collector Ashwin Mudgal said the total damage to PWD roads and bridges in the flood hit areas is over Rs32 crores while Rs1.04 crore loss was suffered by the electricity companies. Over Rs60 lakh is the estimate of damage to the water works department.\"Houses have been damaged partially and fully in the flood. The partially damaged house owners will be paid Rs2,400 while the owners with fully damaged houses will be given Rs5,000 each,\" said the collector. The affected will be given subsidy as well as loans through banks, he added.There are nine tehsils in which 230 villages have been affected by the floods. Tehsils like Yavatmal, Arni and Ghatanji have been badly affected and rehabilitation works are in progress. The total damages will be around Rs150 crores, said unconfirmed sources. The damage to standing kharif crops and soil erosion are yet to be ascertained.There was a flash flood in some villages of Babhulgaon tehsil and the affected 12 villages have been already rehabilitated and necessary financial assistance delivered to those affected. Some 10 medical camps have been set up in the affected villages and necessary men and medicines sent to run these camps, DHO Dr Rachkundawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285034", "title": "AC bus service to Nashik from August 1", "text": "MUMBAI: MSRTC will start an air-conditioned bus service between Mumbai and Nashik from August 1. \" The fare will be Rs 264 and you can reach Nashik in four hours,\" said MSRTC MD Deepak Kapoor.Another AC bus to Aurangabad will also start that day and it too will pass through Nashik. The first bus from Nashik will leave at 6.45am and reach Mumbai at 11am.The bus from Mumbai will depart at 1.30pm. The buses will pass through Thane and the fare from there will be Rs 221. The bus from Mumbai to Aurangabad will leave at 5.45pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15289895", "title": "Microsoft Surface tablet to be launched on Oct 26", "text": "LONDON: Software giant Microsoft has planned to launch its first tablet, called Surface, on October 26, according to a report.In its annual report, Microsoft said that the much-awaited tablet computer would be released at the same time as the Windows 8 operating system.\"The next version of our operating system, Windows 8, will be generally available on October 26, 2012. At that time, we will begin selling the Surface, a series of Microsoft-designed and manufactured hardware devices,\" the firm said.According to the Telegraph, the announcement applies only to one version of the two Surface models Microsoft will sell.The device, based on ARM processors rather than Intel's, is the first computer the Windows-maker has ever produced itself.According to the paper, the new Windows 8 operating system offers a mode that looks like Windows 7, called Desktop.It also offers a new version that uses the same 'Metro' interface that is available already on Windows phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286290", "title": "Allahabad University theatre &amp; film centre procures latest equipment", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Centre for Theatre and Film of Allahabad University has acquired state-of-the-art equipment. Centre coordinator Prof Sachin Tewari said the centre is nearing the completion of the last semester of its first batch and has acquired a crane and a trolley which will help the students work to come at par with national and international standards.Tewari said the centre already has state-of-the-art camera among the latest-the Sony EX3 in addition to its earlier camera. The Sony EX3 is the camera currently being used by film makers not only in Bollywood but all over the world.These steps forward extend also into the acquiring, for purposes of professional film editing an FCP of the version 10 kind- which once again is the latest.\"The centre with the dedication of its functionaries and cooperation from university will take professional and creative leaps forward which will justify its futuristic vision plan,\" said Tewari.The third semester of the second batch has started under the guidance of Atamjeet Singh for theatre and Kanchan Ghosh from Mumbai for the film stream. Atamjeet Singh is recognized for his contribution to folk and traditional theatre, with particular focus on the form of Nautanki. Kanchan Ghosh is a screen-writer and director from Mumbai.His film \"Swet\" has been invited to the Indian Film Festival in Berlin, and at the Bollywood Film Festival to be held in Oslo in August this year. The film has won many awards. Kanchan Ghosh is teaching students about non-fiction films and documentary while Atamjeet Singh is dealing with folk and traditional theatre and music and dance in theatre, said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15284906", "title": "Vice chancellor appoints officers for Delhi University Students\u2019 Union polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The vice chancellor of University of Delhi has appointed Prof CS Dubey, department of Geology as chief election officer, Prof RC Kuhad, department of Microbiology as chief returning officer and Dr Satish Kumar , deputy dean, University Information Centre, as returning officer for election of office bearers and members of the Central Council of Delhi University Students' Union for 2012-13.The principals of colleges and heads of institutions affiliated to DU are to act as election officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15287199", "title": "Submits Rs 15 crore proposals to ministry", "text": "KOCHI: M G S Narayanan, director general of Centre for Heritage Studies (CHS), submitted a number of proposals, which if implemented will see the centre going places, to the cultural ministry in the presence of ministers K C Joseph, Anoop Jacob and K Babu at the Hill Palace Museum on Monday.The entire CHS system is not functioning properly. We have to reassess the projects that have to be completed on a priority basis, said MGS.The proposals submitted for consideration of the cultural ministry include a digitalized library, a research centre, a centralized study centre to give information on everything on the history of Kerala, a survey department to assess the details of excavations and other historical developments going on in Kerala, as well as many other projects.The CHS team has requested an allotment of at least Rs 15 crore for the proposed projects.In the proposal, the team has mentioned the need to delink the deer park from the Hill Palace premises.It wants to make the centre an information hub for historians from across the globe.The recent past had seen the centre enveloped by controversies, and MGS had pointed fingers at the previous LDF government for its plight.There have been many financial irregularities, which had drastically affected the functioning of the centre.CHS was formed as an autonomous research and training institute by the department of cultural affairs. It was designated as the 'manuscript conservation centre and manuscript resource centre' by the National Mission for Manuscripts.In the proposal, the team has mentioned the need to delink the deer park from the Hill Palace premises. It wants to make the centre an information hub for historians from across the globe", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15287701", "title": "2 school girls gang-raped in Nalanda district", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Even as the heat of Patna gang rape is yet to subside, another sensational gang rape of two teenaged school students at Silao (famous for khaja) under Silao police station in Nalanda district on Monday shocked the entire district.Abha and Sona (names changed), both 16, and class 10 students of an Inter school at Silao were allegedly gang-raped by 7-8 boys at a lodge located near Silao Masjid on Monday.Abha said when she and her friend Sona of the same PS area reached near the lodge while going to school at Silao, some 7-8 boys dragged them inside the lodge and raped them one by one. They also filmed them and made video as well. After about two hours, the boys let them go with a threat that if they failed to turn up whenever they called them, they would show their pictures to everyone, she said.She added both of them then went to the police station and lodged an FIR against seven persons, including Lallu Kumar, Santosh Kumar and brother of one Roshan. The girls said they had never met the boys earlier but came to know the names of three accused as they were frequently calling their names. She claimed that all the accused are residents of Silaodih locality.The police were yet to arrest anyone in this connection. Silao SHO Md. Shujauddin said police were conducting raids at several places and all the accused would soon be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15289798", "title": "Injured SPO shifted to SCB hospital", "text": "KORAPUT: The SPO injured in the firing at Podia weekly haat in Malkangiri district was shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, after his condition deteriorated on Monday. \"Lachmaya Madkami was hit by two bullets. Though the bullets were removed from his body and he was responding to treatment, we cannot take a chance,\" police said.On Sunday, Maoists gunned down SPO Ajit Sodhi and injured Lachmaya while the duo was buying grocery items at the market. Police are yet to arrest anyone though it has detained two persons on suspicion. They are Deba Sodhi and Kosa Kunjami. They were nabbed at the haat by the third SPO who escaped the firing.\"No arms were recovered from the duo, who we are interrogating. Lachmaya has said that he can identify the attackers. So we will show the two detained persons to him and if he confirms about their involvement in the attack, they will be arrested,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhilesh Singh.On Monday, a guard of honour was given to Ajit Sodhi at the district police headquarters before his body was handed over to his family. \"A cheque of Rs 8 lakh and Rs 5,000 cash was given to Sodhi's family. They will receive the other government announced benefits soon,\" Singh said.To intensify anti-Maoist operations, senior officials of the BSF and Odisha Police undertook an aerial survey of Maoist areas in Koraput district on Monday. Officials said Inspector General (BSF) S K Sood, DIG (BSF) Akhileshwar Singh and DIG (south-west range) Koraput S Devdutta Singh surveyed Laxmipur, Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon before a security-related meeting at Narayanpatna. \"The ongoing counter-insurgency operations in the area by the BSF and Odisha Police was reviewed and new strategies chalked out to intensify it in the coming days,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.Sources in BSF will establish camps at certain places in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks to contain the Left-wing extremists. Emphasis will be on community policing to ensure better relationships between the police and people.At present, two battalions of BSF have been pressd into service in the district for the fight against extremism. Though no violence has been reported in Koraput district, traffic continues to remain hit for the third day on Monday in certain parts of the district for the martyrs week, which the Red rebels observe from July 28 to August 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15289684", "title": "Book on Gandhi's leadership qualities to hit stands in China", "text": "BEIJING: A book written by veteran Indian diplomat Pascal Alan Nazareth on Mahatma Gandhi's outstanding leadership qualities, which have great relevance in today's world plagued by violence and terrorism, has been translated into Mandarin and will soon hit the stands in China.The Mandarin edition of Nazareth's book entitled \"Gandhi's Outstanding Leadership\" will be published in China at a time when the new generation of Chinese intellectuals is showing interest in the Gandhian principles despite being influenced by Chairman Mao Zedong's revolutionary ideals.An MoU in this regard was signed today by Indian Ambassador S Jaishankar and Yu Dianli, CEO of the Commercial Press China, at a function at the Indian embassy here. Nazareth has written extensively on Mahatma Gandhi . His book on Gandhi's leadership published in 2006 was translated into Spanish and Portuguese, besides several Indian languages.Incidentally, this is the second book on Gandhi in Mandarin to be released in China. It will come out in markets next year. 'The Gandhi Memories', written by American journalist William L Shirer , recently hit the stands in China.Speaking on Nazareth's book, Jaishankar said the publication of the Chinese edition is timely as it would highlight the importance of soft power and the limitations of hard power. The book also highlights the distinction between progress, modernisation and westernisation, dwells on the role of ethics in leadership and how national leaders acquire universal relevance, he said.Shang Quanyu, the history professor of the South China Normal University who translated the book, said it was a trail blazer because it was a rare book that highlighted Gandhi's leadership qualities and Mahatma's ideas on leadership, which have great relevance today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15287615", "title": "Social relationships between cows affect milk productivity", "text": "LONDON: British scientists have taken up a three-year project to study the 'social network' of dairy cows to explore how relationships between them affect their health, welfare and productivity. The study by scientists from the University of Exeter will combine the use of high tech 'proximity collars' with observations of cow behaviour on dairy farms to investigate the social dynamics within herds of cattle.Led by Dr Darren Croft of the University's Animal Behaviour Research Group, the first stage of the research is currently underway on a dairy farm in Devon. The cows on Orway Porch Farm in Cullompton have been fitted with collars that use radio signals to determine their proximity to one another , enabling the team to map social interactions and, in combination with observational studies, determine how the nature of those ties may influence their health status and productivity.\"Emerging evidence on wild animal populations supports the idea that the group structure and relationships between them affect their health,\" the Telegraph quoted Dr Croft as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286213", "title": "2 police teams to arrest accused", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two police teams have been formed to ensure the arrest of accused husband who had strangulated his wife to death at Gaughat locality.Superintendent of police, Crime, AK Pandey told TOI that the postmortem report indicated towards strangulation as prime cause of death of the woman, police teams have been constituted to ensure the arrest of the accused husband Jacob Joseph, a resident of Gaughat.He further maintained that the husband had allegedly strangulated his wife, Pratiksha Jopesh (32) to death and buried her body at Rajapur cemetary. The husband at that time pretended that his wife died due to prolonged illness and even managed to get a death certificate from a city based nursing home.Police, meanwhile, said that they have been compiling evidence against the accused husband and teams have also been carrying out a series of raids to nail him. Two teams on Monday conducted raids at three different spots but failed in their endeavor.The fact is that the Pratiksha's body was exhumed from the Rajapur cemetery on Saturday after the members of an NGO complained to police higher ups suspecting foul play behind the death of the woman.Officials here maintained that a team of two doctors had conducted post mortem amid video-graphy and pointed out towards strangulation behind her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285748", "title": "Rain deflects blackout heat in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pleasant weather on Monday morning was a blessing for Delhiites, several of whom were without power after the northern grid collapsed around 2.30 am.Delhi Jal Board said that it found distribution of the little water it had at its disposal slightly easier in the morning as there was lower demand. Met department has predicted widespread rainfall over Delhi, UP, Haryana and west Rajasthan in the next few days.\"Due to the placement of the monsoon axis, parts of northwest India are witnessing heavy showers. The trough is passing southeastwards to Bay of Bengal.The southwest monsoon has been active over Orissa, west Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh and Chhatisgarh,\" said a Met official.Delhi has been cloudy for the past few days with light rain in some areas. On Monday, the city recorded 0.3 mm rainfall as light drizzle. Till 8.30 am on Monday, the Safdarjung observatory had recorded 101 mm rainfall, a deficiency of 166 mm for the season starting June 1.Palam, with 102 mm rainfall in the same period, had a deficit of 170 mm. Monday was pleasant with a difference of only four degrees between the maximum and minimum temperatures.The maximum was 32 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal while the minimum was 28 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal. Humidity ranged between 75% and 88%. Till August 2, rain and thundershowers are expected in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15284526", "title": "Govt orders restoration of water bodies to pre-1955 status", "text": "JAIPUR: Implementing the order of the high court, the state government has issued directions that all allotments made in the catchment area of water bodies in the state since 1955 shall be cancelled and constructions in such places be demolished.This was stated in the high court by additional advocate general R P Singh before Justice Munishwar Nath Bhandari after submitting a detailed Action Taken Report where it has been said that a reference has been made to the Board of Revenue to cancel all such allotments.\"The decision has been taken and communicated by the revenue department that no allotment would be made in the catchment areas at any cost and they will be restored to their original status as existing before 1955,\" reads the report.It was also stated that a 13-member high power committee had been constituted by the government with chief secretary as its chairman and senior advocate Virendra Dangi and advocate A K Bhargav as members apart from additional advocate general R P Singh to monitor the implementation of various court orders in the state.Besides, district-level committees have also been constituted with collector as its chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15289942", "title": "DGP: Jharkhand uses 98% funds for police modernization", "text": "HAZARIBAG: In an attempt to boost the confidence of Jharkhand police, DGP G S Rath said his men were the best in the country in utilizing funds sent by the Centre for development and modernization programmes.Rath was here to inaugurate the new building of Police Academy, earlier known as the Police Training College (PTC) on Monday. The institute is celebrating its 100th anniversary.The academy is equipped with all modern facilities like forensic laboratory, machines used for bomb disposal, modern arms. It also provides latest theoretical training, has library facilities and an auditorium. \"The academy will be developed as the model training institution not only for the state but for the country,\" said Rath.PTC was the only police training institute of Bihar even before Jharkhand came into being, imparting training to sub-inspectors and DSPs. \"Even today the police authorities from the neighbouring states often express their desire to send their senior officials for training at the PTC Hazaribag. This speaks for itself the glorious history and reputation of the academy,\" said Rath.\"But their (neighbouring states) requests can be considered only after fulfilling the requirement of Jharkhand police which is currently having a shortage of 12,000 personnel,\" the DGP added. At present 320 sub-inspectors are undergoing training at the academy.On the utilization of central funds, the DGP said the state had used 97-98% of grants and financial assistances provided by the Centre for purchase of modern arms and gadgets to deal with the Maoist menace. \"Our funds utilization is best in the country,\" said the DGP.He admitted that in spite of being armed with modern gadgets and having all the facilities, several police personnel were killed during encounters with the Maoists. \"The number of police casualties have come down considerably in 2011-2012 due to efficiency and firmness shown by our men,\" said Rath.He said around 495 landmines had been successfully defused before they got exploded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285759", "title": "ASI, corporation told to remove building", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday asked Archaeological Survey of India and North Delhi Municipal Corporation to \"implement\" their decision to remove illegal construction raised at a site in Subhash Park near Jama Masjid.Citing a July 19 letter written by ASI to North Delhi Municipal Corporation where ASI asked the civic agency to immediately remove unauthorized construction from public land, a full bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justices S K Kaul and Rajiv Shakdher said both agencies must \"implement the statutory mandate\" with police assistance.ASI had asked the corporation to remove the unauthorized construction within 15 days of the receipt of the notice, failing which the heritage body would remove it. In response, the corporation indicated its willingness to remove the construction as it fell within the regulated area of Red Fort.The full bench also pulled up MLA Shoaib Iqbal and his conduct, reminding him that the State is not supposed to advance the cause of one religion to the detriment of another. \"At least, an elected member of the Assembly, who belongs to the ruling government, and, thus, a part of the State, should not have resorted to illegal construction. The State has no religion,\" the bench said, asking police to immediately book miscreants who damaged public property and attempted to create a communal atmosphere at the site. \"It is high time that such a group is made accountable both in civil law and criminal law,\" the court said.The bench added it is for ASI to decide how it wants to carry out its task and said it has full authority to undertake further digging at the site if required. HC also made it clear even if some pre-existing religious structure is unearthed at the site by ASI, the land will still be a public land and ASI will be the sole authority to decide to what use it puts the site to.Asking ASI to submit its first report in a sealed cover by October 11, the court said, \"ASI should begin its task in right earnest with all technical assistance.\"Extending its order restraining construction at the site, the court directed the corporation and police to assist ASI and ensure that the area is cordoned off. HC also asked police to prevent rumour mongering so that any endeavour to give communal overtones is stopped. \"All measures as are necessary to do so will be taken,\" the judges said and declined a plea to allow people to offer prayers for Ramzan or perform puja at the site.Following the purported discovery of the remains of the Mughal era Akbarabadi Mosque during digging by Delhi Metro, local people led had begun building a mosque there earlier this month.\"We'll plan the demolition drive in consultation with police. We will soon write to Delhi Police to provide us adequate security,\" said PK Gupta, commissioner, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15286067", "title": "Two bank managers examined in Paazee scam trial", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two witnesses in the Paazee scam were examined and cross-examined on Monday at the Tamil Nadu Protection of Interest of Depositors (TNPID) here in the city.Two witnesses who are managers of private banks in Tirupur were examined by the court on Monday. The court examined Meignanamurthy, a manager at Kotak Mahindra Finances at Tirupur and Balasubramainam, a manager at ING Vyshya, Tirupur. In their examinations, they said that Paazee Forex had opened accounts in their branches. When cross-examined by the defence lawyer Advocate C Jnanabharathy they said that the accounts were not opened illegally. They maintained that the accounts were maintained without any illegal actions being done. They also maintained that no foreign currency had passed through the accounts.The trial of the remaining witnesses will continue on Tuesday. There are 1474 witnesses in the case. Only 6 of the witnesses have been examined, as of now. The special court judge M Sreenivasan adjourned the case for Tuesday.Paazee scam came into the forefront in 2008 after investors complained that the firm had cheated them on their deposits. The firm started by K Kathiravan, a former reporter along with his son K Mohanraj and a Chennai based woman, A Kamalavalli had allegedly cheated 47,000 investors in 12 states, a total sum of around Rs 870 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287044", "title": "Gujarat National Law University accused of arbitrary admissions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat National Law University (GNLU) is once again in the eye of the storm with a senior forest official alleging that the university is following arbitrary rules and regulations in the admission process thereby doing injustice to students who deserve admission on the basis of merit.IFS AK Mishra has accused the GNLU of arbitrariness in the admission process. He has stated that while seeking admission for his ward, he came to know that the admission for general category had closed at 112 and his daughter had 106 marks.\"Yesterday I came to know through informal sources that some candidates have been called for admission in the said course on July 30,\" he said in a letter to the director of the university. Also, nothing was communicated to his daughter in this regard. There was no mention of the same on the GNLU website or in the daily papers either.Mishra said that he personally visited GNLU campus on Monday and met a couple of senior functionaries but was unable to contact the director. \"I was shocked to learn that candidates having less marks in the CLAT-2012 merit had been called for admission to the five year integrated LLB course,\" said Mishra. \"The registrar in charge informed me that the university has considered only those candidates who had suo motu applied for being considered against any future vacancy created after the completion of the admission process.\"Mishra contended that in case the GNLU had any seat falling vacant after the admission process was over, it was necessary for it to take the CLAT-2012 merit into consideration to provide equal opportunity to all from Gujrat domicile for admission.The GNLU officials were not available for comments despite repeated efforts made to contact them over the phone. In charge registrar of GNLU Jabbal Dolly said, \"I do not want to comment on this issue\". VC of GNLU Bimal Patel could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286857", "title": "Train robbery accused sent to police custody", "text": "PUNE: The Pune railway court on Monday remanded Nitin Datta Survase (22) of Shewalwadi in Haveli taluka in police custody till August 6. Survase was arrested by the Government Railway Police on Sunday for robbing several passengers of Maharashtra Express on July 22.Survase and his five accomplices had robbed passengers of cash, gold ornaments and cellphones, totally amounting to Rs 18,000, after threatening them with sharp weapons. The incident took place in the general compartment of the train between Jejuri and Saswad railway stations. One of the passengers, Rajan Salvi (22) of Nashik Road, who was travelling with his family, had lodged a complaint in this regard.Earlier on Monday, assistant police inspector Ramdas Shelke of GRP (local crime branch) produced Survase before judicial magistrate first class R R Ahir. Shelke told the court that the police had seized four cellphones, worth Rs 10,000, from Survase.Shelke said six incidents of robbery had taken place on trains passing through Pune and the modus operandi in all the cases seemed to be same.Assistant public prosecutor Shilpa Mahatekar said the custodial interrogation of Survase was necessary to recover the weapons used in the incident and also to recover ornaments and other valuables robbed from passengers. Mahatekar suspected Survase's involvement in more cases and pleaded that he be sent of 14 days' police custody. Survase was not represented by any lawyer.Upholding the prosecution's plea, the court sent Survase to eight days' police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15286316", "title": "MC fear blocks Town Hall restoration in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: The local municipal corporation's fear that it may lose the historic Town Hall building, constructed in 1908, is delaying the crucial restoration work the structure requires. While the tourism department has asked the civic body to vacate the building by September or October to start the restoration work, the latter is awaiting an undertaking from the state government that the building would be handed back to it on completion of repair work.While the Asian Development Bank (ADB) after approving Rs 18.5 crore for restoration of the Town Hall building and beautification of core Mall Road area will be making a presentation before the newly-elected councillors and the mayor on August 1, the state government on its part is yet to respond to the request from the MC to provide suitable space for the time being and to give an undertaking stating that the Town Hall would be handed back to MC once restoration work is completed.Confirming that the tourism department has requested to vacate the premises by September or October month, Shimla municipal commissioner M P Sood said, \"After the restoration of Gaiety Theatre, space occupied there by the MC was not handed over to us and this has already resulted in shortage of space in the present location,\" he said. He added that the government has also been requested to provide suitable accommodation till the restoration work is completed.Under the ADB-funded project, the historic Town Hall building would be restored to its original design by removing additions made over the years, while the asphalt cover over Mall Road would be replaced with European cobbled stone pattern. Of the total approved amount, around Rs 14 crore would be spent on the restoration of Town Hall buildings, and the remaining Rs 5 crore on beautification of Mall Road.The historic Town Hall building was built in 1908 with the use of stone and timbers and over the years many changes have been made in the building. The building has now become unsafe as in the past one of its windows caved in, thus making immediate restoration work mandatory.\"After carrying out structural safety tests, the glazing, roofing and flooring would be done according to the original specifications. Complete restoration of the heritage building would be done after removing the additional constructions made later,\" said a senior official looking after the project.Tourism director Arun Sharma said the building will be restored and conserved aesthetically, keeping in mind the original architecture. He said the exteriors and interiors of the building would undergo massive restoration work as per the original plan.Project Plan:Three plazas to be created between the lift area and DC office on Mall Road.Pavement along the Mall Road to be constructed using cobble stones.Fountain would be installed near Town Hall, plazas.Rest sheds to be constructed using wrought iron.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "rachol", "code": "15287564", "title": "Swami's visit accords Rachol seminary Archaeological Survey of India care", "text": "RACHOL: The over-four-centuries' old Rachol Seminary is undergoing conservation and repair works.Although it is neither a protected monument nor under the control of the Archaeological Survey of India, the ASI is executing the work sanctioned by the Union ministry of culture.It's a special case to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, said V Shivananda Rao, superintending archaeologist (Goa circle), ASI.\"One of the main reasons why the seminary has been selected is because Swami Vivekananda is said to have visited it and referred to some of the oldest books in its library,\" Rao said of the 2.2 crore project.\"Besides Goa, two other states in the country have also been selected by the ministry for this,\" he added.The work at the seminary owned by the Archdiocese of Goa and Daman includes an anti-termite treatment, de-plastering and plastering, GI sheets to be covered with tiles for the roof, replacement of the existing electrical wiring that is old and frayed, and an apron for the building.Interior and exterior painting and window repairs are also on the anvil.\"The work is being executed in consultation with and with the approval of church authorities,\" said Rao.Rector of the seminary, Fr Dennis Fernandes, confirmed the ASI work.\"The work outside (the building) has started. The work on the interiors will start after the monsoon,\" Fernandes told TOI.Speaking about ASI's project at the Tambdi Surla temple at Sanguem, Rao said 75% of the work is through. The pathways and laying of a garden around the temple are being done at an estimated cost of 7 lakh, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286172", "title": "Row over tehsildar\u2019s reinstatement", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government's perceived soft corner for a local revenue official facing charges of corruption and omissions has raised the hackles of social activists. Activists released a list of more than 20 encroachments of lakes and government land in Serlingampally mandal on Monday, on which the tehsildar of Serilingampally mandal, G Subba Rao allegedly did not act against.The controversy surrounding Rao began a few days ago when he was suspended by the Rangareddy district collector on July 25 following allegations and complaints of corruption and inaction against him. However, a couple of days later on July 27, the government issued a GO reinstating Rao in his post and appointed a joint collector to look into the allegations.Angered by this development, local activists are demanding that the GO be scrapped and Rao be suspended. K Bhaskara Reddy, member of Save Our Urban Lakes (Soul), said, \"We have been making efforts to protect government land and water bodies from encroachers. Surprisingly, instead of supporting us the government is choosing to protect officials like Subba Rao against whom we have been submitting proofs of inaction and corruption in these encroachments.\"Another organisation, Janam Kosam, too submitted a memorandum containing 18 cases where government land and lakes had been encroached upon by land grabbers including an MLA for action by the chief minister and also demanded that the GO be scrapped. Janam Kosam, headed by Kasireddy Bhaskar Reddy, alleged that Subba Rao had completed the panchanama to hand over 5 acres of Gurkul lands worth about Rs 50 crore to a private party in survey no. 66 Rayadurg village. In Khanamet also he reportedly handed over another 5 acres of land to private parties.Bhaskara Reddy of Soul questioned the motive behind the reinstatement of Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15286644", "title": "Gurgaon BMW case hearing tomorrow", "text": "GURGAON: The next hearing date in BMW hit-and-run case is on August 1 when Gurgaon police might file the chargesheet in the case. On May 5, a speeding BMW car had rammed into a Tata Indigo car near IFFCO tower in which three-month pregnant Kshama Chopra Shetye and the car driver, Sanjay Gulati, died in the accident.Kshama's husband, Shailesh Shetye, and her parents had suffered grievousinjuries as well. In fact, her mother, Veena Chopra, is still in coma in the ICU, while Shailesh, who suffered pelvic fracture and dislocation, is still unable to walk properly. The victims' families are pinning their hopes on the August 1 hearing. They are hoping to know the progress made by thepolice so far and the status of theinvestigation.When contacted, Shailesh said, \"I have not received any communication frompolice. I am trying to find out details in the chargesheet.\" The case has been in thespotlight from the beginning for the wrong reasons.Even four days after the accident, there were no clues of the accused driver. Relatives of the victims too had alleged that the police had done precious little to apprehend the culprit despite possessing the BMW's licence plate. Suraj Sherawat, 19-year-old son of Devender Sherawat, an influential businessman who reportedly owns a fleet of 1,000 cabs, was allegedly behind the wheel. Ten days later, on May 15, Suraj surrendered before a city court. The court granted bail to the Delhi University student on a bond of Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287506", "title": "Duty demarcation for zilla panchayats, panchayats and PWD", "text": "PANAJI: While contemplating enhanced powers and funds to zilla panchayats (ZP) in Goa, the government will finalize the separation of responsibilities between the zilla panchayats, village panchayats and PWD by the end of this year, panchayati raj minister Laxmikant Parsekar told the assembly on Monday.The government has enhanced salaries of ZP members, who will be paid the revised salaries with retrospective effect from April 2012, Parsenkar said. Parsekar made the announcement while replying to a starred question from Sanguem BJP MLA Subhash Phaldesai. Phaldesai argued that each ZP member is responsible for about four or five village panchayats. The sum of 5 lakh that each ZP member presently gets is not enough to cater to the numerous wards in each of the panchayats. Parsekar agreed that funds and powers allotted to ZPs in Goa were low. He said that since Goa is a small state, often there is overlapping of works undertaken by panchayats, ZPs, PWD and RDA. The government is carrying out activity mapping for each of the entities so that there is no duplication of work. Prodded by opposition leader Pratapsing Rane, Parsekar said that he would segregate responsibilities by year-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287765", "title": "Bihar Industries Association, Bihar Chamber of Commerce thank CM for Udyami Panchayat", "text": "PATNA: The members of trade and industry on Monday thanked CM Nitish Kumar for holding the Udyami panchayat to address to the needs of industrial and entrepreneurship development in the state.Bihar Industries Association (BIA) president K P S Keshri submitted a concept paper to the CM for creating an 'Opportunity Fund' which should be a combination of corpus fund and equity fund for rehabilitation of sick industries and for starting new industries. The fund should comprise 30% to 40% to be given by the government while the rest 60% to 70% fund will be raised by the BIA and the entrepreneurs themselves, he said. The CM appreciated the BIA suggestion.Keshri said the provision of seeking no-objection certificate from Compfed for opening a new dairy is unjustified. He said the private industrial area should be developed on 25 bighas of land under PPP mode.Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) president O P Sah also thanked the CM for accepting the BCC suggestions, which included constitution of a state-level clarification committee to issue necessary clarification in case of difference of opinion in interpretation of policies, notifications and circulars relating to industry and trade to facilitate their implementation in the right spirit. He hailed the CM' acceptance to formulate the process of establishment/promotion of private industrial areas as there is acute shortage of land for establishment of industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286803", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation yet to act on arsenic menace", "text": "KOLKATA: Three days have passed since a Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) laboratory conclusively proved presence of arsenic at three places on Anwar Shah Road and Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road, but the civic body is yet to take any action to provide safe drinking water to the residents of these areas.A separate report by the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) has also been published and the findings corroborated by the State Water Investigation Directorate (SWID), but it was only on Monday that Vishal Rai - a resident of Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road next to Ashalata Apartment - got to know of the menace.Alarmed that the deep tubewell water he is used to drinking spews arsenic, the student of Maulana Azad College said, \"Now I will have to buy water as ground water is no longer safe in this locality.\"Earlier, a KMC water supply team had visited went to some of the areas in Anwar Shah and Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road and sealed three tubewells where traces of arsenic were found beyond permissible limit by the civic body.Vishal Rai, a resident of Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road next to Ashalata apartment had no idea that high traces of arsenic have been found from deep tubewell of the apartment. Rai, a student of Maulana Azad College now feels extremely worried over such finding. \"Now I will have to buy water. Ground water is no longer safe in this locality,\" Rai said on Monday. Three days have passed since a Kolkata Municipal Corporation laboratory conclusively proved presence of arsenic at three places in Anwar Shah Road and Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road including Ashalata Apartment along with a separate report from West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB), no action has been taken by the civic body to provide safe drinking water to residents of these areas. A KMC water supply team went to some of the areas in Anwar Shah and Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road and sealed three tubewells where traces of arsenic were found beyond permissible limit by the civic body and a separate report of State Water Investigation Directorate (SWID) also corroborated the civic finding.However, residents of Inmates of Ashalata apartment have hardly any other option, left but to drink the contaminated water since the potable water supply to these areas from Garden Reach is grossly insufficient. This is the reason why the people of the apartment are opposed to sealing of tubewells in the area connection.\"We may have to continue drinking this water since the only other option left is to buy drinking water re are no options left for us other than buying water. Though we have a parallel surface water connection, we hardly get water,\" said S C Mukherjee, a retired central government employee and a resident of the apartment. Another resident Bandana Auddy , another inmate of the apartment made it clear that unless the civic body supplies additional surface water from Garden Reach, they could do nothing but would have to depend on the tubewell water.\"We are yet to decide how to react to the what to do with this findings (traces of arsenic). The civic authorities must enhance its water supply before they plan to seal the tubewellswant us to close down the tubewell,\" she said. Tarak Singh, the member, mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC ground water, said a notice has been sent to the secretary of Ashalata Apartment to immediately seal asking him to close down the tubewell.The residents of the apartment Inmates of Ashalata Apartment are not the only ones who were completely unaware of the fact and have been landed in trouble after the civic body confirmed presence of arsenic in the ground water in large stretches of the area.Take the case of Sandip Mishra, a youth who stays on Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road. It was only after a KMC water supply team came to seal a roadside tubewell near Padatik club on Monday that Mishra got to know about the arsenic contamination of ground water in the area. \"Now that the corporation has sealed the tubewell, it will be an uphill task for us to fetch drinking water,\" Mishra said.Apart from sealing down deep tubewells which was sunk just two months ago, the KMC team also sealed a hand tubewell in the area near Shantiniketan housing apartment. Similarly, the KMC team has sealed another tubewell at Biswaspara off Lake Gardens flyover.Rani Begum, a local resident, among others was waiting near a roadside tap on Monday afternoon to fetch water when the KMC team sealed the tubewell. \"I have no idea why the only tubewell in our locality has been sealed. If there is contamination in the ground water, the KMC must arrange for alternative water supply,\" Begum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15286009", "title": "Power failure hits industries", "text": "NOIDA: Even as distribution companies scrambled to restore power in the district after the failure of the Northern Grid, industrial areas bore the maximum brunt of power outages. After power was restored at 10.30am, residential sectors continued to have intermittent outages throughout the day even as supply increased to around 300 MW by 2pm.Supply was restored to industries around 11.30am, but was shut down an hour later. The possibility of early restoration of power to industries turned bleak when Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) held a review meeting in the afternoon and decided to suspend supply to industries till the grid became fully operational. The review meeting was held after supply touched 400MW in Noida by late afternoon against a total demand of 800MW.\"UPPCL has issued a code barring power supply to industries. Work is on to restore supply though it has been decided to ensure complete supply to residential sectors,\" said CL Gupta, superintending engineer of Noida's discom PVVNL.With over 8,500 SMEs across the twin cities, most of which do not have complete power backup, witnessing a slump in productivity, industry bodies reported cumulative losses for the day at over Rs 150 crore. Noida Entrepreneurs' Association said that production almost came to a standstill in over 5,000 SMEs.Power supply to industries in Greater Noida was restored around 11.30am and no major disruption in supply was reported except for a minor tripping. \"Over 3,600 SMEs are functional in the city and suffered a loss of Rs 50 crore for the period that they did not have power,\" said SP Sharma of Greater Noida chapter of Indian Industries Association.In residential sectors of Noida, there were reports of disruption in water supply from Sectors 11, 12 and 35. \"Most high-rises in the city use generators to pump water and did not face major problems,\" said SM Singh, president of Federation of RWAs of Sector 62.Minor traffic jams were also witnessed near the Film City flyover as commuters took alternative modes of transport to reach to their work places as Metro services remained suspended in the morning. Malls ran on generators too in the absence of power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15287471", "title": "Income tax site crashes as tax payers rush to file e-returns", "text": "MUMBAI: The volume of income-tax applications has increased after the department has made it mandatory for all those who earn over Rs 10 lakh per annum or own assets abroad to file their returns online, causing the department's website to crash intermittently as several assessees try to register before the due date.But income-tax officers and employees have been helping taxpayers negotiate countdown to their annual income-tax returns allweek.Tuesday,July 31, is the last day to file returns. \"Application volume has surged, causing the department's website to crash intermittently as several assessees try to register before the due date,\" said chartered accountant Ashit Desai who could log on in his third try.There is hope for those who miss the July-31 deadline. The I-T PRO said, \"Those who have no outstanding taxes may file their returns after the date, but those who owe tax will have to pay interest on the amount.\"The virtual migration has resulted in considerably fewer assessees at the BKCoffice. \"The office at BKC is the one-point form collection centre for salaried people. Businesspersons and those having other source sof income can visit I-Toffices in their areas,\" said a helpdesk officer.Unlike previous years,when long queues were visible at tax collection counters, a trickle of applicants arrived last week. On Monday,the penultimate day for filing, an average of three or four persons could be seen at each collection counter in BKC.For the first time,the department had installed tax kiosks manned by tax return preparers (TRPs) to help people fill forms and do basic calculations. The kiosks functioned for three days last week across 12 locations including Andheri,Byculla,Bandra and NaviMumbai.Consultation was available free of cost but the TRPs were not authorized to accept returns.They were neither I-T department staffers nor, in some cases,chartered accountants.Assessees had to still visit I-T offices at BKC or Aaykar Bhavan to do so,or assign the task to a CA.But they could engage TRPs for Rs 250.Asthehelpdeskwas not adequately publicized, few took advantage. \"This is the first year we are reaching out, and the aim is to show we are not mere collectors but render service to taxpayers,\" said Anand Mudaliar, who oversaw the kiosk at Vidya VikasHall,Andheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285660", "title": "Awasthi removed as UP Power Corporation Limited CMD", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a late night development, the state government removed chairman-cum-managing director of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), Avanish Awasthi, and appointed AP Mishra, an officer of the engineering cadre, as its managing director. However, there was no word on who would be the chairman of the corporation. The development coincided with the tripping of northern grid with the Centre blaming the UP government for the crisis.This is the first time after a gap of over a decade that an engineer has been posted as UPPCL managing director. There have been demands from the engineers for posting a technocrat at the top management level.Mishra, who had been the executive engineer of Hussainganj division in Lucknow till 2005 rose the position of managing director of Poorvanchal Distribution Company early this year only. \"Management of power sector is a highly technical subject. But it was not taken care of by the bureaucrats and the politicians. We welcome the state government move to post an engineer to the top post,\" said secretary general of All India Power Engineers Federation, Shailendra Dubey. The association has been consistently demanding an engineer to head the department dealing with the crucial power distribution system.Removal of Awasthi was also seen with much political significance after Centre categorically blamed the UP government for the fault that resulted in the major power crisis that not only crippled country's largest state but also took into its ambit other states as well. The development left many wondering if Awasthi's removal was more politically motivated given the ever growing bonhomie between the Centre and the UP government. Awasthi had succeeded senior IAS officer, Navneet Sehgal, considered to be close to the BSP chief Mayawati , only two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15285984", "title": "Councillors discover middlemen in corporation", "text": "COIMBATORE: The presence of middlemen in the corporation offices dominated the debate at the corporation council meeting here on Monday. Interestingly, mayor S M Velusamy was appraised about the issue not by opposition councillors but his own party councillors, who alleged that building plans were not being issued in a transparent manner due to interference from agents, who operate with the connivance of corporation employees. The mayor assured that corporation would hand such agents over to police and move criminal proceedings against them.\"There are numerous complaints about some of these middlemen who openly operate with the support of some corporation officials. Stern action should be taken against them. Chief minister Jayalalithaa had recently made it clear in Chennai that local bodies should function in a transparent manner,' said P Raj Kumar , north zone chairman, Coimbatore corporation.The councillors also claimed that a similar situation was prevailing in the newly-added areas of the corporation. They said the corporation should ensure that all approvals would be assessed and either approved or disapproved using the auto DCR software to ensure transparency and also avoid the interference of middlemen. Assessment of properties was also not being done in a transparent manner in the city, the councillors added.Corporation commissioner T K Ponnusamy said they were using online software for granting building approvals, both for the old and newly-added areas of the corporation. He also claimed that only about 40 building plan approvals were pending with the town planning department, which were received since Thursday. \"There has been some delay in property assessment recently as corporation officials were busy with government enumeration work and also the GIS survey, which is being undertaken in five wards,\" Ponnusamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286882", "title": "Rainfall deficiency: Centre advises state to shift from kharif to rabi crops", "text": "PUNE: The Union government has asked the state government to advance sowing for the rabi season following rainfall deficiency. \"Water intensive crops may not get sufficient water and there is a strong possibility of losing crops,\" said Harshavardhan Patil, state cooperation minister, while addressing a news conference here on Monday. \"To avoid this, rabi crops, which require less water should be sown and the Centre wants the government to convince farmers to sow rabi crops,\" said Patil, who was in the city to review crop loan disbursement in the state.The monsoon arrived 10 days late this year and though it progressed further, the state has not yet received its normal rainfall quota for the first two months of the season. There is very limited water available in dams in the state.\"The major concern is shortage of drinking water. The irrigation pattern needs to be changed to save water and crops needing less water can be cultivated. The state government will discuss the issue in detail on Wednesday with Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , who is visiting the state to review the scarcity situation,\" Patil said.He said the state government has prepared a massive crop loan plan this year, but all farmers have not availed of the loans, as there are inadequate rainfalls in many areas to start sowing.Patil said: \"The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development has prepared a plan of Rs 67,122 crore for the year 2012-13, of which Rs 24,629 crore will be disbursed as short-term crop loans - an increase of 14% compared to the previous year.\"Patil said there are six district central cooperative banks that are under the rule of administrators because of various financial irregularities. \"In many banks, funds have been siphoned off by the directors themselves. The state will release the crop loan amount to these banks via the regional rural banks and also through the nationalised banks. The district central cooperative banks in crisis are from Dhule-Nandurbar, Jalna, Osmanabad, Buldhana, Wardha and Nagpur,\" the minister said.Of the total loan disbursement in the kharif season, the nationalised bank will disburse 50% of the loan amount as against 45% last year, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15286596", "title": "No power for 13 hours as Northern Grid crashes", "text": "GURGAON: The city went without power for several hours after the Northern Grid crashed early Monday, plunging eight states into complete darkness. Several areas in the city didn't have electricity for at least 13 hours. Gurgaon already runs on a 20% power deficit on any given day.Angry residents blamed the government, both state and central, and said no concrete steps have been taken so far despite Haryana facing a perennial power crunch.The tripping of the 400kV Bina-Gwalior line, which flows into Agra-Bareilly at 2:35am, wreaked havoc on the power generation and transmission systems leading to shut down of all major power plants including hydro power stations in Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , J&K; and Chandigarh. The immediate impact of the grid collapse was shortage of around 32,000MW power.Vinod Chibber, a resident of Saraswati Kunj, said \"There has been no electricity since 2 o'clock last night. We have been facing massive power cuts for the past two months. The residents have spent Rs 40 lakh for installing a new transformer, high and low tension wires. The electricity rates have also gone up by a rupee.\" Chibber said the governments, both central and state, have failed miserably and the right time has come for a change .Residents had to battle heat and humidity all through the night.T N Kaul, president of the Ardee City RWA, said \"Power went around 2:30am. Many people don't have power backup, with only 2-3% residents having a generator and inverters, whose charge was over in 7-8 hours.\" The government needs to take immediate action to resolve the severe water and power shortage.Maleeha Alvi, another resident of Ardee City, said, \"We face at least 5-6 hours of power cuts daily. Electricity came only after 13 hours after it snapped at 2:30 am. How long will inverters and generators run? Water shortage is an another perennial problem.\"Residents of Sushant Lok and Sector 56 too were without power for several hours after it went at 3:00am on Monday. Suhasini, a resident of Sector 56, said, \"Our society has back-up, that's why we did not face much of a problem, but there was no power for around 7 hours in the morning.\"People also complained about disruption in the Metro services. Medha, a student, said \"I missed my exam as Metro services to Delhi were hit early in the day due to the sudden power failure.\"Chaos on roads as signals go offThe effect of the Northern Power Grid failure was felt in the city's traffic movement too. Dysfunctional traffic signals nearly doubled the waiting time at intersections. Police claimed that traffic was under control despite congestion. The traffic situation in old Gurgaon was bad at Mahavir Chowk and surrounding areas. A road safety officer said that the traffic department had increased the number of cops at troubled spots. \" IFFCO Chowk, Signature Tower and also Gurgaon Faridabad road were worst affected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285756", "title": "JD(U) lauds 27% OBC quota in petrol pumps", "text": "NEW DELHI: Janata Dal (United) president Sharad Yadav, who is also convener of the opposition NDA grouping, has praised oil minister S Jaipal Reddy for implementing a quota system for Other Backward Castes (OBC) candidates in allotment of new petrol pump dealerships.The ministry on July 20 cleared the proposal to reserve 27% of new petrol pump dealerships for OBC candidates. It also changed the marketing guidelines for state-run fuel retailers to usher in the process to select new dealers through draw of lots.\"With this drastic change in distribution policy, at least now an OBC candidate can hope to get dealership...,\" Yadav said in a letter he wrote to Reddy on Thursday.The JD(U) president also praised Reddy for showing initiative to bring in changes in the policy. \"You brought this significant policy change without any pressure and fanfare,\" Yadav said in the letter.\"There had been lot of allegations of discrimination in that (previous) system... This (new) process would be so transparent that there would hardly be any scope of complaint. This is the result of your sincere efforts in helping the downtrodden people of the society...\" he said.Yadav's letter comes amid a buzz of PM Manmohan Singh planning a Cabinet reshuffle soon. Coming from a seasoned opposition leader, the letter also dispels notions of Reddy's alleged procrastinating nature and projects him as a well-wisher of downtrodden, a factor that can help the minister in politics of his home state, Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285013", "title": "Cry of the greedy above the needy", "text": "BANGALORE: After VIP passes for IPL matches and junkets, legislators now want a stake in managing the city's prestigious clubs. They seem to be least bothered about the months lost due to the political turmoil that brought governance to a standstill. On the other hand, they seem to be more worried about the perks they can avail of before their terms end.Should legislators leave clubs alone?Our legislators have wrong priorities. The state is reeling under severe drought. There are unbearable hardships due to price rise. People are suffering because of lack of drinking water and failing infrastructure. But they are keen on entering the boards of some elite social clubs. This is a big joke played on the people. No one stops legislators from becoming members of these clubs and then standing for election to their managing committees. Greed has no limits. Ravindranathan P VIt's the cry of the greedy above the cry of the needy. A good leader should see problems from the eyes of a needy citizen. Only if netas are true to the people, will they get unconditional support. C Sathish KumarMost clubs are registered societies governed by the Karnataka Societies Act 1960. The Act stipulates that \"management of affairs of a society is entrusted to the governing body as councils, directors, committees, trustees or other bodies to whom the rules and regulations of the society applies\". Therefore, there is no locus standi for any government representative, let alone legislators to be part of the management of a club. Some of the clubs function on lands leased out by the government. But it doesn't give the government any right to be part of their management. A P VelayudhanLegislators should realize that nomination or club membership is not a certificate for them to enhance their name and fame. Instead of raising their voice against the burning problems, searching an 'apt place' for entertainment and dining will only expose them. Please stop the drama and solve end our trauma. A P SukumaranNow people are very clear that these so-called leaders are only after power and money. We elected them to provide better services to the state and its people. But once they are in power, they think only of themselves. No parties should give tickets to such leaders. Ravi K SuriShould MLAs be reminded that they are elected to participate in assembly proceedings, look into problems of people and taking up development work? Dabbling in affairs of private clubs shouldn't be their agenda at all. H P MuraliAs it is, our MLAs are enjoying substantial perks and benefits. They shouldn't interfere in club matters unless they're members. Hemanth D PaiInstead of harassing clubs, legislators should do their job. They are here to serve the common man. Vishwas BasavarajLegislators are a spoilt lot. They eat into taxpayers' money and are least bothered about any development. We will be better off if they don't exist!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15286127", "title": "Father\u2019s reprimand drives girl to suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 14-year-old class 10 girl student of a private school committed suicide by hanging in her residence at Vellakinar after her father reprimanded her for spending too much time on the internet late Sunday evening.The girl according to police locked her bedroom and hung herself from the ceiling fan. Her mother came looking for her in the evening and found the door locked.When she looked inside her room through the window she went into a state of shock as she saw her daughter hanging from the ceiling fan. Her father is an engineer with a private firm in Dubai.According to Thudiyalur police, A Solai was declared dead on Sunday evening after she hanged herself at her residence. She used to spend a lot of time on the internet and her mother complained about it to her father Arunachalam employed in the Middle East on Friday.\"Her father scolded her on Friday while he spoke with his family from his workplace in Dubai. He also asked her to concentrate on her school work since she was supposed to appear for the public examination this year,\" said M Kanagasundaram, inspector, Thudiyalur police station.Police also claimed that Annamai Arunachalam, the victim's mother reportedly reminded her about her father's warning on Sunday and Solai went inside her bedroom. The victim was residing with her brother and mother.At about 7pm on Sunday Annamai knocked on Solai's door and found it locked from inside. She repeatedly banged on the door and finally looked inside through the window and found her hanging from the ceiling fan.Neighbhours rushed to the house hearing her scream and broke open the door and informed the police. A suicide case has been registered with Thudiyalur police.Solai's father scolded her on Friday for spending too much time on the internet. He spoke with his family from his workplace", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285234", "title": "Women and child trafficking on the rise", "text": "BANGALORE: The trafficking of women and children has increased in the state. In the last five-and-a-half years, 3,234 women and children have been trafficked in the state.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka, who is in charge of home department, revealed this in the legislative council while replying to a question by RV Venkatesh (Cong) on Monday. The number of cases is increasing by the year: 2007-440 cases; 2008-488 cases; 2009-534; 2010-697 cases; 2011-672 cases; and up to June 2012-403 cases. The success rate of police in cracking these cases have been abysmal.The Anti-Human Trafficking Squad of CID conducted 15 rescue operations and rescued 88 women and children. After revealing the statistics, the DyCM had another version to narrate.\"Even cases like kidnapping and elopement is clubbed under trafficking. So, the actual cases of trafficking is only 5 per cent. We have taken adequate steps, and hence, the problem has decreased,\" said Ashoka.Anti-human trafficking units have been set up in Bangalore, Mysore, Hubli-Dharwad, Belgaum and Dakshin Kannada. The minister said the government was considering setting up such units in Gulbarga, Raichur, Kolar and Davanagere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15285962", "title": "Class 10 girls hangs self after a scolding from her father", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 14-year-old class 10 girl student of a private school committed suicide by hanging in her residence at Vellakinar after her father reprimanded her for spending too much time on the internet late Sunday evening.The girl according to police locked her bedroom and hung herself from the ceiling fan. Her mother came looking for her in the evening and found the door locked. When she looked inside her room through the window she went into a state of shock as she saw her daughter hanging from the ceiling fan. Her father is an engineer with a private firm in Dubai .According to Thudiyalur police, A Solai was declared dead on Sunday evening after she hanged herself at her residence. She used to spend a lot of time on the internet and her mother complained about it to her father Arunachalam employed in the Middle East on Friday.\"Her father scolded her on Friday while he spoke with his family from his workplace in Dubai. He also asked her to concentrate on her school work since she was supposed to appear for the public examination this year,\" said M Kanagasundaram, inspector, Thudiyalur police station.Police also claimed that Annamai Arunachalam, the victim's mother reportedly reminded her about her father's warning on Sunday and Solai went inside her bedroom.The victim was residing with her brother and mother. At about 7pm on Sunday Annamai knocked on Solai's door and found it locked from inside. She repeatedly banged on the door and finally looked inside through the window and found her hanging from the ceiling fan. Neighbhours rushed to the house hearing her scream and broke open the door and informed the police. A suicide case has been registered with Thudiyalur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15286116", "title": "Army orders probe into Bandipora man\u2019s killing", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Army on Monday ordered a probe into the killing of a man in Bandipora in north Kashmir, which had triggered protests in the Valley.Hilal Ahmad Dar (24) was allegedly killed in an encounter with the 27 Rashtriya Rifles soldiers on July 24. The army claimed he was a terrorist but the residents maintained that Dar was an innocent civilian, who worked for a cement factory in Srinagar.After the arrest of two people in connection with the Dhar's murder on Sunday, the J&K; police said it was a planned murder. Cops said they have arrested an army informer, Muhammad Ramzan Bhat, who got Dar killed allegedly for monetary benefits and his aide Nazir Ahmed Bhat.In the wake of the two arrests, the army on Monday ordered a probe by a senior officer into the killing, defence spokesman Lt Col J S Brar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15284896", "title": "Samajwadi Party brass wanted rape taint on Rahul Gandhi: Ex-MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a startling revelation, a former MLA of the Samajwadi Party has told the Supreme Court that his party leadership had egged him to file a PIL in the Allahabad high court in 2010 against Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi accusing him of abduction and rape of an Amethi girl.The HC, while dismissing the PIL, on March 7, 2011, had imposed a cost of Rs 50 lakh on petitioner Kishor Samrite and ordered a CBI probe against him. But, on appeal the apex court had on April 6, 2011, stayed the HC order and issued notices to the UP government and Gandhi.Gandhi last Friday told the Supreme Court that accusations against him were false, malicious and baseless.But, what made Samrite to strike back at SP was the affidavit filed by the Akhilesh Singh Yadav government terming him as a person who has lost his balance. Samrite said, \"When the petitioner was called by senior leaders of the present ruling party (in the state) to file the writ petition, petitioner bona fide filed the writ petition.\"\"The state, in the changed political equation, is wanting to disown its actions and wash its hands and making a scapegoat of the petitioner,\" Samrite said and clarified that right from the beginning he had been taking a stand for inquiry into the alleged incident only and not for a probe against Gandhi.The ex-MLA from Madhya Pradesh , who was elected on a SP ticket to the assembly from Lanji constituency in Balaghat district, said he was shocked to read the state's stand that \"the petitioner is mentally imbalanced\" and narrated the sequence of events leading to filing of the PIL in the HC in 2010.Samrite said he was called to Delhi in 2010 \"to meet the other senior leaders, who were in Delhi as the Parliament was in session, where he was apprised about the facts of the serious incident that had been reported from a village in UP and in view of the fact that he had taken up several public causes in the past he was requested to file a writ petition in the nature of PIL in the Allahabad High Court's Lucknow Bench. Thus, the writ petition came to be filed and notice was issued on it.\"He said after he filed the appeal against the March 7, 2011, High Court order in the Supreme Court, he was interrogated by the CBI during which he had narrated the entire sequence of events leading to filing of the PIL in HC. \"The same should form a part of the status report which the CBI desired to submit before the Supreme Court,\" he said.Gandhi in his response to the Supreme Court's notice issued on April 6, 2011, on Samrite's petition, had said: \"I emphatically deny the allegation of rape and detention of the writ petitioners by me and say that both these allegations are false, malicious and baseless and no cognizance could be taken by any responsible person of such allegations made on websites.\"Gandhi had requested the court to take action against Samrite for filing a vexatious petition to harm his public image and give a political twist to the malicious allegation that that he had kidnapped the girl and her family.The HC had asked for a CBI probe against Samrite on March 7. The CBI had lodged a case under Indian Penal Code Sections 120B (criminal conspiracy), 181 (false statement on oath), 211 (false charges to cause injury) and 499-500 (defamation). On Samrite's appeal, the SC had on April 6, 2011, stayed the HC order and issued notice to UP government and Gandhi.The HC in its March 7 order had said, \"We also direct the CBI director to register a case against Kishore Samrite and all other persons who are found involved in the plot, if any, hatched in order to defame Shri Rahul Gandhi, Member of Parliament from Amethi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15290286", "title": "Manjit's new single Holding Onto Smoke", "text": "Manjit's soft captivating voice amplifies the sentiments of her lyrics through smooth and acoustic melodies resulting in songs that are honest, heartfelt and emotional. 'Holding onto Smoke' is taken from 'Ocean and a Curse', produced by herself and Chris Sholar. \"The song is about letting go when you don't want to. Listening to that voice inside you telling you to make the right decision even though it's the hardest\" says Manjit.\"This is a sultry, reflective song of longing and acceptance by siren Manjit, a singer-songwriter who smoothly blends bossa nova, R&B; and a hint of jazz into a soul satisfying mix,\" Nelson George, Music Historian &amp; Filmmaker said.Originally from UK, Manjit grew up to the sights and sounds of multicultural Britain, amidst a plethora of creative inspirations and influences. Through the diversity, she developed a love for soul and smooth Jazz, the perfect medium for her autobiographical song writing and escapism. Over the years Manjit has undergone a journey of highs, lows and self-discovery that have inspired her and seen her move from London to New York. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287703", "title": "New cabinet members of Patna Women's College's department of education sworn in", "text": "PATNA: Ten students were sworn in as the class representatives (CRs) of the 2012-13 BEd batch of Patna Women's College (PWC) on Monday.\"A sense of responsibility should get into the marrow of your bones,\" PWC principal Sister Doris D'Souza (AC) told the newly elected cabinet members of the department of education.The principal told them that they were only first among equals and should be constantly available to serve the class. \"Your responsibilities will now increase and you should be punctual, dedicated and committed to the tasks assigned,\" she said.Greeting the students, Sr Amanda, Superior Carmel Vikas said, \"It takes lots of humility to be a leader.\"The head of the department of education, Upasana Singh, also congratulated the students on their election as CRs. She advised the cabinet members to abstain from doing any wrong. \"When you are a leader, success is about helping others grow. It is about influencing others and not being authoritative. It is about being humble, not timid,\" she said.Neha Robert, a newly elected CR, said, \"It is a privilege to be a part of the college. We will work towards maintaining the pride of this college.\"Talking to TOI, cabinet member Shristi said, \"With power comes responsibility. We are responsible to take proper care of our peer groups.\"When asked, what her expectations were from the CRs, Zeba, a student of the department, said, \"Responsibility should be taken in a positive way and the cabinet should give its best.\"Other members elected to the cabinet were Kumudini Kullu, Shalini, Shristi, Sister Lepcha, Ankita, Ankita Roy, Anupa and Fatima.Assistant CR, Shristi Sneha, proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285142", "title": "Students protest, total college bandh", "text": "BANGALORE: Condemning Saturday's attack on a birthday party, students showed solidarity by boycotting classes across Mangalore on Monday.Despite imposing Section 144 in the city, more than 1,000 students and faculty of St Aloysius College converged at their college premises around 10am. They protested for an hour against the inhuman behaviour of the goons who had thrashed youths, including girls, in the name of culture.The college bandh called by the All College Students' Association elicited a strong response.At St Aloysius College, Sheetal, a journalism student, said students should continue their protest till the victims get justice. She said news channels should not air footage of the attackers manhandling and molesting the girls, because the victims and their parents are already in trauma.Another student said a section of the media is portraying a birthday party as a rave party. \"The government sponsored party which happened in Malpe is a rave party,\" criticized a student.Dhanush (name changed), a BA student from Kasargod, said: \"Ever since this incident happened, my parents have started calling me numerous times a day, as they feel Mangalore is unsafe for students. But I will not run away from Mangalore.\"At St Agnes College, students staged a protest where two victims, Vijay Kumar and Guru Dutt , shared their experience.Meanwhile, students of various colleges tried to stage dharnas across the city, but police officials did not allow them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285575", "title": "50% dip in Central Railway coupon sales after compulsory queue rule", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Railway has witnessed a 50% drop in sale of coupon-validating machines ( CVM) booklets ever since it was made mandatory for commuters to stand in queue to purchase them.Earlier, commuters were allowed to jump the queue to buy the booklet. A section of CR officials is citing these figures and asking the administration to rescind the order and allow out of turn sale of coupon booklets at 428 booking windows across the suburban CR network.A senior CR official said, \"We are not in favour of reconsidering the decision as it had become one of the reasons of conflict between the booking staff and passengers wanting to buy coupon booklets. This affected smooth dispensation of ticket.\"These figures are in stark contrast to sales recorded on Western Railway. On WR, 7.7 lakh booklets were sold in June 2011 as against 8.75 lakh in June 2012\u2014an increase of almost 13%.A CR official said, \"Many CR commuters could be buying the booklets from WR stations, where they can buy them without standing in queues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15287384", "title": "\u2018Jundal\u2019s words strong proof against Pak state actors\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has given cops details of the Karachi control room from where he and his handlers monitored the November 26, 2008 terrorist attack on Mumbai. Cops said his statements will serve as 'strong evidence' not just against terrorist Ajmal Kasab but will also prove the involvement of some Pakistani state actors in the attack.Jundal told cops that a month before the attack, LeT commander-in-chief Zaki-U r-Rahman Lakhvi had taken a small flat in a building in Qaidabad on rent. Two satellite phones, a high-speed internet connection , a cable television and a computer were set up in the room. \"Immediately after the Mumbai carnage was over , on November 28 , Abu Kahafa and Lakhvi nonchalantly removed all the electronic gadgets and abandoned the room,\" Jundal told police.Jundal also told interrogators that the 26/11 handlers in the Karachi control room were asked to disperse after the operation was over and Lakhvi was put up in a 'safe house' with his three wives . Jundal himself fled to Pak-occupied Kashmir with Kahafa as Pakistan police started raiding LeT camps.Jundal's interrogation has also shed light on the role of 'state actors' in Pakistan .Jundal said that ISI operative Major Sameer Ali was fully aware of the attack in advance.The Mumbai police, with help from Forensic Science Laboratory officials , have recorded Jundal's voice samples , which will be matched with the taped conversations between Jundal and the two terrorists at Nariman House during the 26/11 attack. The Mumbai crime branch will produce Jundal before the 37 th Esplanade court on Tuesday as his custody is getting over . Sources said the crime branch will seek an extension of Jundal's custody , as it has yet to extract more information about the 26/11 attack from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15287560", "title": "43 years on, US flags posted on Moon still flying high", "text": "LONDON: Four decades after America's last landing on the Moon, new images from Nasa's camera have shown that all flags except one planted during Apollo missions are still standing and waving despite the harsh lunar climate. All six flags except the one planted by Neil Armstrong during the first ever Moon landing are still standing, according to an analysis of the shadows they cast on the surface of the Moon, the 'Daily Mail' reported.During each of the six American Moon landings, astronauts left American flags behind as symbols of their nation's scientific and engineering achievement. The first was the monumental July 20, 1969, Apollo 11 landing in which Armstrong declared on live television, \"one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind\".The final mission was Apollo 17 on December 14, 1972. Scientists used new, detailed images from Nasa's Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera (LROC) to determine that the flags were casting shadows that circled them as the Moon moved in its normal orbit proving that they were still standing on their poles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286406", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Janani Express for expectant mothers soon", "text": "NAGPUR: Citizens may soon get free ambulance service in case of emergencies for expectant mothers around the clock in all zones of the city. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to launch 'Janani Express', an ambulance equipped with all emergency equipment to cater specially to pregnant women.The project has been a great hit in states like Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Orissa. In AP, the project is popularly known as dial 108 service while it is Janani Express in MP and Orissa. The Central government had launched the project in collaboration with the state governments to curb high rate of maternal and prenatal mortality.On the same lines, NMC has prepared a plan and is all set to launch the service in the city. The state government has recently launched the project in the name of dial 102 service.Confirming the project, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said it is expected to be launched in a couple of months. \"I was impressed with the project proving very beneficial in MP. Plan is to procure 10 small ambulances to also ensure hassle-free entry into slum areas and small lanes. The ambulance will be stationed at all 10 zone offices around-the-clock. No charges will be taken from the beneficiaries,\" he said. Tiwari is taking efforts to launch the project as soon as possible.NMC already provides an ambulance service round-the-clock for all kinds of emergencies since August 2008. The service is being operated using 23 ambulances, including four of NMC and remaining of private institutions. The service however collects charges from users. Till March this year, the service was available by dialling 102. But the service is in a mess since then, as the government has allotted the number to its Daga hospital.If the Janani Express project is launched successfully by NMC, citizens will heave a sigh a relief as the ambulance service provided by private hospitals costs a lot. The project will be a boon for slum-dwellers and those in BPL category, who cannot bear expensive ambulance service. NMC will also be able to achieve the ultimate goal of the project, which is curbing maternal and prenatal mortality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15287835", "title": "Meet the Halai Memons of Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The Halai Memons migrated to Madurai from Ranavav, situated close to Gandhiji's birth place Porbandar in Gujarat in the 1870s for trade and business purposes. Incidentally, it was a Memon who took Gandhiji to South Africa for the first time.Established in 1878, the Hajeemoosa store is a famous landmark in Madurai, situated near the east gate of the Sri Meenakshi Amman temple and still continues to be patronized by people from Madurai and many southern districts. M Ismail Omar, the present owner of the store says that his forefathers realized the great potential that Madurai had in terms of trade and started establishing their businesses here. The present store has many floors, but originally it was established as a small 100 sq feet shop. Many of them established their shops around the temple and flourished as they were well versed in the textile trade. These merchants were the connection to the outer world, as their goods included fabrics exported from across the world, making them much sought after by the elite.Though reluctant to come to Madurai at first and leave their relatives behind, the ladies soon followed their husbands and started adapting to Madurai, as the journey back and forth from their hometown took many days. Their counterparts, the Sourashtrians, came forward to rent their homes to them when they first started settling in Madurai. Even today both communities continue to maintain close ties.As their trade flourished, the Halai Memons reduced the number of visits to Ranavav as they could not leave their work in Madurai unattended. Ismail says that he has never been to his native place. But many still continue to visit their hometown for family functions and weddings.People of this community make sure that their children converse in their language called Memoni, a mixture of Gujarati and Sindhi, right from the beginning. Weddings are a time to showcase their cultural and traditional art forms like the dandiya dance. All the 350 families of this community who live in Madurai are members of the Halai Memon Association, which has one of the oldest marriage halls in the city constructed in 1965. They rented out the premises to the people of Madurai for a very nominal cost, even when marriage halls were not constructed here.Being pious Muslims, they celebrate and observe the festivals of Ramzan Eid, Eid-ul-Azha and Milad-un-Nabi, with a lot of religious fevour. Ramzan feasts are grand affairs with traditional delicacies and include dates brought all the way from Saudi Arabia .The founder president of the Tamil Nadu Textile Merchants Association A C Mohammed, belonged to this community. His contribution to the development of the textile trade in Tamil Nadu is still remembered by the textile industries. He was also the founder member of the Rotary Club of Madurai, which is celebrating its centenary year this year and is the second oldest club in Tamil Nadu.This community is also known for its charitable nature, contributing in a big way to orphanages, hospitals and the members are active members of the Rotary, Lions and Jaycees clubs. Today, the Halai Memons constitute an important part of Madurai, helping the city make significant strides towards development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287025", "title": "SSC topper run over by dumper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year old teen was run over by a dumper truck on Khokhra Bridge on Monday evening. The teen was one of the district's toppers in SSC exams taken earlier this year. Khokhra police registered a case against the absconding dumper driver.According to Khokhra police, Chintan Modi, a resident of Giridhar Bungalows near Jashodanagar, was a student of Diwan Ballubhai School, Kankaria. Modi scored 94 per cent in the class X exams earlier this year and had opted to study further in the science stream.\"Eye-witnesses said he was passing the bridge on a scooter at 6.30 pm. A dumper tried to overtake him but hit the scooter. Modi couldn't keep his balance and fell and the dumper's rear tyres crushed him. He died on the spot. When the driver realized, he abandoned the truck and fled,\" said a Khokhra police official.Harshad Patel, a social worker from Hatkeshwar, said Modi's sister had lost her brother right ahead of Rakshabandhan. \"The zone has become an accident-prone area because of the large number of heavy vehicles. When such vehicles are banned from entering city during peak hours, why are they allowed on the road?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata/mumbai", "code": "15284895", "title": "Classic Kalpana finally free of red tape", "text": "KOLKATA/MUMBAI: Almost a month since it arrived in India, the restored print of Uday Shankar's classic film 'Kalpana' has been released by customs officers and the courier company that had retained it at its godown in Jogeshwari. Cinephiles remember the 1948 classic for its masterpiece dance sequences by the legendary artiste and his wife Amala.On July 26, TOI reported that the print, painstakingly restored by director Martin Scorsese in collaboration with ad filmmaker Shivendra Dungarpur and the National Film Archives of India (NFAI), was left to rot in the courier firm's godown since arriving from Bologna on July 5. It is only by a stroke of luck that the print was not damaged by rain.Dungarpur told TOI he had provided documents, including letters from the NFAI, explaining that the print was the property of the President of India and also paid customs duty. \"I am still to figure out the reason for the delay. The courier company filed the wrong papers, sat on them for a few days and in the end it became a matter of ego. We were even made to pay octroi of several thousand rupees, though I do not understand why we should do so for a film that is part of our national heritage,\" Dungarpur said.He will return the film to the NFAI on Tuesday, after which plans will be devised for its screening in India. He had sent the original dupe negative 35mm and the old 35mm print to Bologna for restoration, a project that was funded by the World Cinema Foundation (WCF), headed by Martin Scorsese.The shipment that came back to India contained this material as well as an additional eight cans containing the restored print.As soon as the prints and negatives were secured on Monday morning, Dungarpur posted an update on a social network website. \"The 'Kalpana' cans have been finally released by customs, thanks to the endless hours of patience and perseverance of Jayant Patel, Shailesh Dongre and Dinesh Shakapuram from Dungarpur Films,\" he wrote. The three staffers had camped at Mumbai airport and the courier godown for three days trying to negotiate the release of the material.Uday Shankar had invested three years and Rs 22 lakh in making the film, the only one he ever made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15290144", "title": "'NE can be organic food hub'", "text": "SHILLONG: The northeast, where very little amount of fertilizers and pesticides are used for agriculture, has immense potential for organic farming, agricultural experts and scientists have long pointed out. The region has the potential to carve a niche in the organic foods market once the production, certification and marketing of the produce are institutionalized.\"Due to lack of awareness about organic food, following the standards set by the national and international bodies, the production, though organic by default, has not been recognized through the process of certification,\" says an agricultural scientist. \"India's share in the global organic food market is just about 0.18% and there is a vast potential to make the country a major player in the emerging agricultural export market. The northeastern region, where agricultural production is predominantly organic, could be instrumental in increasing India's agricultural export to at least 1% immediately,\" the expert opines.Over the past decade, the international trade in organic foods has shown an annual growth of about 20% and is likely to touch $100 billion soon. \"The need of the hour, therefore, is to make agriculturalists of the region aware of organic farming and its benefits. The farmers of the region are, by and large, engaged in organic cultivation, particularly in the upland ecosystem. They are, however, not much aware of the premium their products could fetch in the domestic and export market as organic food products are sold at 20-25% higher prices,\" points out a vegetable wholesaler.\"The natural advantage of the region in the area of organic farming can be turned into real wealth by providing necessary infrastructure for storage, marketing and processing,\" a scientist at the Indian Centre for Agricultural Research points out. \"The northrastern Hills region of India represents a distinct agro-climatic zone occupying a total geographical area of 18,374 million hectare, which is 5.6% of the country. Out of 21 agro-ecological zones of the country, four zones, which represent wide variation of climate ranging from cold to warm pre-humid are covered exclusively in this region. The soils of the region are usually rich in organic matter,\" he informs.One of the 18 mega biodiversity hot spots of the world, all the botanical zones from tropical to alpine are found in the northeast due to its geographical situation, climatic variations and differences in altitudes. \"Therefore, in the absence of major investments in the industrial sector in the region, agriculture has continued to remain the backbone of the economy of the northeast, which still awaits the advent of 'Green Revolution' to provide the much needed food security and impetus to economic growth,\" says a professor at the North Eastern Hill University. \"Stress should be laid on creating awareness on the growing potentiality of organic food and in devising effective mechanisms to provide the required knowledge of farming, giving necessary infrastructural support, market linkages and access to certification systems in this field in the northeast,\" he emphasizes.\"It should be noted that the tradition or organically friendly cultivation methods of the farmers of the region is a unique feature still to be tapped to capture the growing market for organic good all over the world. It, thus, provides the North East with an enormous opportunity to bridge the gap between the agricultural produce and returns from it through organic farming,\" he iterates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15285650", "title": "Cops say no conclusion on Iran role", "text": "Delhi Police has denied that it has come to any conclusion yet regarding the involvement of Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) in the February 13 bomb attack on an Israeli diplomat in the national capital.Reacting to the report \"Cops name Iran military arm for attack on Israeli diplomat\" in TOI on Monday, the police spokesperson has denied that IRGC members had discussed the plan to attack Israeli diplomats with Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi, who has been arrested in connection with the attack.The spokesperson claimed that the investigation report gives no detailed account of IRGC's complicity in the terrorist attack as mentioned in the report, while denying that Delhi Police has sought details on members of the IRGC.Neeraj Chauhan replies:Delhi Police claims that it has not reached any conclusion yet about IRGC's involvement. However, the report is based on the letter rogatory (LR) sent by Delhi Police to Iran, Israel, Thailand , Georgia and Malaysia seeking their help for investigation into the bomb attack. The judicial request refers to Kazmi's interrogation to say that he has been working in \"close cooperation\" with Sayed Ali Mahdiansadr and other members of the IRGC for over a decade now. The LR says, \"In January 2011, he (Kazmi) went to Iran on the call of Sayed Ali Mahdiansadr and had meeting with Mahdiansadr and Mohammadreza Abolghashemi. The issue of attacks on Iranian scientists by the Israelis and targeting of Israeli diplomats was discussed in the meeting\".In fact, the LR to Iran clearly reflects the assumption that the five Iranian citizens Delhi Police is looking for in connection with the February 13 attack worked with Mahdiansadr of IRGC to carry out terrorist attacks in Georgia and Thailand.The LR also says that the attack in Delhi was part of a larger plan to target Israeli diplomats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285499", "title": "Auto diver dies after taking liquor, brother terms it murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: A case of culpable homicide has been lodged with Krishnanagar police in connection with the death of an auto-rickshaw driver. The driver died on Sunday night after consuming liquor allegedly mixed with some poisonous substance. The drink was offered to him by a fellow auto-rickshaw driver with whom the deceased had a tiff on Saturday. The deceased auto-driver was identified as Akash Mallah, 18, a resident of Jaiprakash Nagar in Krishnanagar.The accused auto-rickshaw driver was arrested on Monday afternoon. He was identified as Shatrughan, a resident of Nagram.According to Akash's elder brother Anand Kumar, the former had a small fight with Shatrughan on July 28 resulting in minor injury to the latter. The duo again came face to face on July 29 outside Awadh Hospital. On the same evening, at around 8.30pm, Shatrughan along with some friends came to Akash's house. But when they left, Akash had fallen unconscious. Shatrughan then told Anand said that Akash had an overdose of liquor.But, Anand along with his family members rushed Akash to Lok Bandhu Raj Narain Joint Hospital from where he was referred to King George Medical University. Akash died on the way, Anand stated in his complaint.Anand in his complaint said that froth was still coming out from Akash's mouth and raised suspicion that Shatrughan and his friends had mixed poison in the liquor offered to Akash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15289965", "title": "Jharkhand govt seeks entries for state official slogan", "text": "RANCHI: After 11 years of its creation, the state government has woken up to sell brand Jharkhand to outside world.The information and public relations department (IPRD) has planned to showcase development and opportunities in the state through a special official theme slogan. It will make Jharkhand one of the few states in the country, like Gujarat, to have a unique official slogan.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who also holds the finance portfolio, said, \"The government feels an urgent need to brand the state. It will speak about growth and development.\"IPRD director Alok Kumar said the theme of the slogan would encompass Jharkhand's development, prospects of growth, social diversity and cultural multiplicity.A senior official of the finance department said in the last financial year, an investment of Rs 15,000 crore was received, while in 2010-11, 703 industrial units were set up and an investment of Rs 3,853 crore was obtained.Entries for the slogan have been sought from people of Jharkhand origin from anywhere in the country or abroad. A high level committee will finally select the theme slogan. The department will give monetary awards to eight entries from the total submissions. Students can also send entries for the same.\"The slogan will be officially used underneath the logo of the state. Once it is official, it will be used in all government correspondences and official places,\" said Kumar. The official logo of Jharkhand was created soon after its separation.\"The logo speaks of greenery and nature bounty which makes Jharkhand stand apart. The absence of a punch line or slogan has always been starkly felt. At times, it also looks surprising as to why there is no slogan beneath the meaningful logo,\" said a former IPRD official.The Jharkhand logo, a square shape made of four green stripes with a blue circle inside, was much appreciated after it came in public domain some 10 years ago.The maximum word limit for the slogan is four words. The theme slogan like \"A land of opportunities\" should be an original creation of the sender and must not have been published in any form earlier. The last date for sending sealed entries to assistant director IPRD Jharkhand is at 4pm on August 10.A sum of Rs 10,000 will be given as first prize, Rs 7,000 as second and Rs 5,000 as third prize. Rest five entries will be given Rs 1,000 each as consolation prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286749", "title": "City to host Youth Science Congress in November", "text": "NAGPUR: The city would be hosting the fourth Indian Youth Science Congress in November this year. With the current year being declared as the year of science, the focus of this year's congress will be on the role of young scientists in shaping India's future, with a special focus on problems in Vidarbha.The congress would be jointly organized by MS Swaminathan Research Foundation, Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Youth Development, SRM University of Chennai and Raisoni Group of Institutions. It would aim at providing the young participants a platform to present their ideas as well as the opportunity to interact with some of the senior scientists of the country.Renowned agricultural scientist Swaminathan, one of the chief patrons of the Congress, recalled that US President Barack Obama during his visit to India had called the country a land of the young and asked the administrators to reap demographic dividends from this fact. \"In most science meets, the young are relegated to the background, presenting posters. Their fresh ideas and energy are not taken advantage of in the way it should be. This is why the need was felt for a separate Congress for the youngsters,\" he said.He believes that even outside of such meets, educational institutes can take up important local issues. \"Universities, for example, can take up what I like to term as University Social Responsibility projects, under which the students can be trained not only for Shramdaan but also taking up some technical responsibilities,\" he explained. He informed that the congress has taken up projects like 'Every Child a scientist' that focus on developing a scientific temper among kids.These young scientists can help the marginal or weaker sections of the society in many ways, he pointed out. \"The energy of these youngsters can be also channelized for social protection. For example, farmers from Vidarbha can be given emotional support through these young counsellors,\" he said.Ajay Parida from the organizing committee said that the need of the hour is effective science communication so that the common man can benefit from all the research.Vice president of Raisoni Group of Institutions, Hemant Sonare, said, \"The participants will be taken to various fields so that they understand the concept of laboratories outside of four walls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287010", "title": "Gold rush for thieves in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A jeweller lost valuables worth Rs 46.5 lakh, including gold ornaments and cash, to a young duo in Satellite on Monday. Barely a week ago, thieves had decamped with valuables worth Rs 74.9 lakh from CG Road.According to Anandnagar police, Mukesh Shah, a resident of Kanchanbhumi Flats in Satellite, owns Kalapurna Jewellers in Manek Chowk. Shah supplies gold ornaments to various jewellers and goldsmiths in Ahmedabad and other cities. Shah and his nephew Dhaval had started out at 11 am from his residence.\"The duo went to Bopal and visited a number of regular customers with the jewellery they had prepared. Shah had got boxes of various ornaments weighing 2kg all worth Rs 45 lakh with him. As he could not sell much of the stock, he got it back along with Rs 1.5 lakh he got towards payment for his earlier delivery. At 12.30 pm, they decided to take a break for lunch and go home,\" said a police official.While on their way, Dhaval spotted a mobile repair shop at Palak Avenue near Anandnagar Road. He asked Shah to wait for five minutes as he had to show his mobile phone for any malware. Dhaval parked the Honda Activa on the road as Shah sat on the scooter itself and waited for him. Soon, a youth came walking from behind and before Shah could notice him, snatched the bag from the hook and made a dash.\"Shah tried to chase the youth, but fell down from the scooter. However, he kept on shouting as the youth jumped on a bike driven by his accomplice and fled from the spot. Dhaval and nearby shopkeepers rushed to his help. Shah said that he could not see faces of the duo and he even failed to note down the number of the bike,\" said the official.J H Jalu, inspector of Anandnagar police station, told TOI that they are tracking the gangs using similar modus operandi. \"We are also looking for any CCTV camera in the vicinity that might give us the glimpse of the accused. It is unlikely that the same group was involved in the CG Road theft because of the different modus operandi and age group,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15287823", "title": "Tiruchirappalli Corporation ups ante on sanitation", "text": "TRICHY: The Tiruchirappalli Corporation is trying to woo male wards of sanitary workers for its recent cleanliness drive and as many as eight community organizers representing the four divisions, are going from door-to-door persuading them to join the work. At present, around 60% of the 2,000-odd sanitary workers are women and take care of the cleaning process.Corporation commissioner V P Dhandapani told TOI that they were planning to form male self-help groups on the model of the existing women's groups, consisting of a minimum of 20 members each. These groups will be engaged to do an assortment of cleaning work and will be paid as per the district collector's recommendations. Since the corporation was facing a debilitating shortage of staff in the sanitary division, it has now resorted to roping in the wards of the existing sanitary workers. While the general perception was that there were not many takers for the menial work, the commissioner who took over the reins two months ago sounded very optimistic. \"There is a huge response to the scheme and more than 1,500 people have come forward to work with us,\" he said. In the first phase, the corporation will employ a total of 160 sanitary workers who will be distributed equally among the four divisions.Earlier, the corporation had opted to outsource the cleaning work, but the plan did not take off on expected lines. The outsourcing plan also faced opposition from some quarters as they suspected it might lead to financial corruption. The new commissioner embarked on the mass cleaning with the available workforce that was not busy in the afternoons, but since the additional work did not entail any additional remuneration, it too did not bring in the desired results. The sporadic cleaning was temporarily given up after ministers visited the city. However, Dhandapani said that half of the city was covered in the last two months and that the remaining places would be cleaned in the next two months. He added that the work would be sustained with the new workforce for three months to start with, and that the scheme would be ratified in the forthcoming council meeting on July 31.Moreover, the recruitment of the 160 people would be done through what the commissioner termed as the internal tender process. It is also an attempt to augment the income of a sanitary worker's household. They will be used for an assortment of corporation work such as cleaning the wards wherever the regular sanitary workers cannot cope up as well as maintaining streetlights, parks, roads and the underground drainage system. They will be directly recruited on a contractual basis and will be given priority when the regular recruitment drive takes place in future.Once they form a group, they will also be guided to get bank loans to start any self employment venture and community organizers would help them in this regard. Those who perform well would be assigned various pending works of the corporation on a contractual basis. They will be paid a daily wage of Rs 158 and all the aspiring workers would have to register with the corporation first, the commissioner explained.The corporation had on December 21 last year, passed a resolution to outsource garbage cleaning to private parties for the first time. The places to be covered were the 100-year-old congested Gandhi Market and the Central Bus Stand and then it was planned to be extended to the rest of the city. But after the Trichy District Sanitary Workers Union took a strong exception to the proposed outsourcing, the idea was kept on the back burner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285618", "title": "MLAs to spend Rs 1cr on water and sanitation works", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Monday made it mandatory for all MLAs to spend Rs 1 crore of their annual fund on water and sanitation work. The proposal is part of the revised guidelines.Out of the total annual allocation of Rs 4 crore, it will now be mandatory to give Rs 1 crore to DJB for water and sanitation works, except in Delhi Cantonment and NDMC areas. The remaining amount will be released by the urban development department for an approved project according to recommendation of the area MLA. The maximum allocation for a project would be Rs 2 crore. The cabinet also gave an in-principle approval for making rainwater harvesting mandatory in Delhi. DJB has been asked to finalize the procedures. The cabinet also finalized the proposal for constituting Delhi Commission for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.The \"Dilli Swarozgar Yojna\" for the SC/ST/OBC categories as well as minorities announced in the budget for financial year 2012-13, would be implemented. The beneficiaries of the scheme will be eligible for a loan of up to Rs 5 lakh. The proposal for giving cellphones costing up to Rs 10, 000 and monthly call charges of Rs 1,500 to all judicial officers was allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286975", "title": "Sivamani to perform at Orchid school", "text": "PUNE: Maestro of percussion Anandan Sivamani will perform at the 9th Foundation Day of the Orchid school, Baner, on August 8. His performance will be followed by a performance by students of std VII and VIII. The function will be held at 5 pm at the school campus. Sivamani is an artist par excellence and creates magic with just about anything, from conventional cymbals to the timbale to the batajon to the vastly unconventional shells and conches and even the biryani kadai. After his performance, more than 150 students from std VII and VIII will take the stage to present dance, drum circles, a chorus and other forms of music.Interact Club at Shree Vijay Vallabh SchoolThe installation ceremony of the Interact Club members was organized recently at the Shree Vijay Vallabh school, where Rajkumar Tambe gave away the badges to the office-bearers. Harshita Jain was selected president of the interact club. The students also performed a dance recital on the occasion. Also present were club representatives Satichanand Ranade, Pradeep Porwal, Satish Parmar and Parag Sura. School chairman Subhash Parmar and secretary Pukhrajji Sanghvi also attended the function.Vidya Vardhini School felicitates studentsThe Vidya Vardhini English medium school and junior college and its parent organization the Vidya Prasarini Sabha (VSP) felicitated the toppers of the secondary school certificate (SSC, std X) and higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) on July 26 at the Rama Raman Karyalaya. The school received a trophy for achieving cent per cent result in SSC this year. Renu Sumbaly, principal of the school, said: \"This is the first time that we have secured such result. I am proud of the teachers and students.\" Pratik Dudhane received the certificate for the highest percentage in SSC. The chief guest for the function was Shridhar Salunkhe, director of education.The B K Birla school recently held the inter-house story narration competition. Two contestants from each category (sub-junior and junior) representing the four houses, Agni, Prithvi, Salil and Vyom, participated in the contest attended by principal Subhash Kumar and vice-principal Parveen K Zear. In the sub-junior category, the first position was bagged by Rohini Patilfrom Salil house, followed by Pragati Zear from Prithvi house and Priyanka Sand from Agni house on second and third positions respectively. In the junior category Varun Chandan and Aniket Badave won laurelsfor Salil house. They were declared first and second respectively. Dhairya Saluja bagged the third position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "15285382", "title": "Shivpal hands over compensation to Bareilly riots' victims", "text": "BAREILLY: PWD minister Shivpal Yadav visited riot hit Bareilly met the families of the four persons who died during communal clashes, which had started on July 22.The minister gave compensation cheques to the kin of the deceased and also assured them of providing suitable government jobs. Yadav, accompanied by divisional commissioner, K Ram Mohan Rao and district magistrate Manish Chauhan visited the localities of deceased at violence hit areas of Jogi Navada, Rabritola, Jatavpura and Subhash Nagar and handed over the compensation cheques of Rs 3 lakh to the family members of the deceased and consoled them.Yadav said, \"We understand the pain of losing a breadwinner of a family. I'm here to extend our support to you.\" Moreover, while interacting with media, he termed the riots as a conspiracy to malign the image of SP and blamed BJP for the communal clash. To this, Yadav stated, \"What happened in Bareilly was deliberate.It was a small brawl, which was fuelled in such a manner that it finally ended into riots. It's the BJP that ignited them, but the SP will not take it lightly. Strict action will be initiated against the conspirators and we would make sure they are brought to book.\" Yadav added, \"None of the previous governments visited the riot-affected places whether in Bareilly or anywhere else.\"He also blamed BJP for vandalising of the statue of BSP supremo Mayawati in Lucknow. \"It was also done to malign the party's image, but all such attempts were foiled since the CM promptly replaced it,\" Yadav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15290047", "title": "JMM-BJP spat over state team's London Olympics visit", "text": "RANCHI: The verbal duel between two ruling allies, the BJP and the JMM, over the visit of senior government officials to London Olympics is far from over.While the JMM is claiming that deputy chief minister Hemant Soren was not consulted by chief minister Arjun Munda before clearing the tour, the BJP is of the opinion that every thing was done with Soren's consent.The state delegation to London is headed by deputy chief minister Sudesh Kumar Mahato, who is from the Ajsu Party, another alliance partner in the Arjun Munda-led government.JMM spokesperson Supriyo Bhattacharya said instead of going to London, the officials should think of welfare of the state. \"We are of the opinion that the state is passing through a very difficult phase because of poor rain and anti-displacement protest. If the officers were given permission in advance, they should now be recalled and it can be done only by the chief minister and none else,\" said Bhattacharya.BJP leaders claimed that when the chief minister was in the city, none should worry about any thing and make issue of such trivial matters.\"The chief minister is keeping an eye on every development be it poor monsoon or anti-displacement agitation at Nagri where villagers are not willing to part with their land for construction of Indian Institute of Management, Indian Institute of Technology and National University for Study and Research in Law. He even announced a special package of Rs 410 crore to tackle drought. We don't see any reason behind the JMM leaders making it an issue,\" said BJP MP Nishi Kant Dubey.The JMM leaders should realize that any decision of the government was taken collectively. Chief minister or any individual never took any decision on important matters independently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15289998", "title": "Chilli cultivation ends migration of Lohardaga farmers", "text": "LOHARDAGA: At least 25 farmers at Chipo Gadh Toli under Sadar block of Lohardaga district have stopped migrating to other states for their livelihood. This became possible when some of them took to green chilly cultivation after paddy cultivation on a large scale some five years ago. With their hard work paying off, many other farmers opted for green chilly cultivation. Now at least 25 families have taken to green chilli cultivation, thereby, bringing to an end migration to other states.Kaleshwar Oraon (50) had first initiated for this alternative idea of farming. \"Recently I sold green chilly worth Rs 3,500 at the rate of Rs 27 per kg. About 15 days back when chilli price had shot up to Rs 120 per kg, I had sold 64 kg of chilli. My entire family is involved in chilli cultivation like families of other farmers as the crop gives good benefit and it has great demand. In normal days the price is such that we can earn good profit,\" said Oraon.Other farmers are also earning at least Rs 15,000 to 20,000 by selling chilli. In the last five years, a large number of farmers have taken to green chilli cultivation in the different other parts of the district. Farmers of Rampur, Nagra, Aine, Baghi, Nadi-Nagra, Irgaon, Tati, Sundaru, Badaki-Champi, Tiko, Pandra, Udarangi and Mundo villages have also earned good income through green chilli cultivation which has now become their first choice in alternative crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15286329", "title": "IAS officer gets SC stay on contempt of court order", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Senior Haryana IAS officer and director general, town &amp; country planning department, T C Gupta, who was held guilty for contempt of court last Monday for defying high court orders, has got stay against the orders from the Supreme Court.It was stated here on Monday before the Punjab and Haryana high court, where Gupta was directed to appear to face further action on the matter.Information about the stay from the apex court was submitted before a division bench of Punjab and Haryana high court by counsel for the state government on Monday, following which the bench adjourned the case for August 27 for further hearing.On July 23, a division bench comprising acting chief justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain had held Gupta guilty of contempt of court for issuing a licence to a Gurgaon-based builder in defiance of court orders. The matter had reached before the HC last year through a writ petition filed by Bimal Kumar Dutta, a Faridabad resident, against the carving out of new sectors illegally and arbitrarily under the Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex-2025 project.According to the petition, the draft development plan of the Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex-2025 had a proposal for only four sectors and two more sectors were added by the town and country planning department, allegedly to benefit some builders. Acting on the petition, the Punjab and Haryana high court on August 18 last year had ordered to maintain a status quo in the area.Thereafter, the petitioner again moved a fresh contempt petition in February before the HC, alleging that despite the August 18 orders, the town and country planning department issued a licence (number 119 of 2011) for construction in Sector 63 A to M/S Anantraj Industries Limited, Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15284799", "title": "Junglee scarf, Lagaan bat go under hammer today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Osian's film fest will witness an auction of Indian cinema memorabilia on Tuesday. Items from the private collection of the legendary Shammi Kapoor are the auction's highlight. They include his famous scarf from Junglee (1961), a sweater from Andaz (1971), the shehnai from his last film Rockstar (2011) and one of his favourite Mont Blanc pens.Also on the list is the last unreleased song by Kishore Kumar recorded just three days before his demise. The auction offers a rare opportunity for Kishore fans to purchase the rights of this rare song. The list also includes private collection of eminent film producer Suresh Jindal.Other items on offer at Hotel Imperial include a rare album of 45 signed black and white photographic by the evergreen Dev Anand , rare costumes worn by Sanjeev Kumar and Amjad Khan in Shatranj ke Khilari from the Suresh Jindal collection, Satyajit Ray-designed film posters of the 1960s, a turquoise ring set in silver worn by Farooque Sheikh in Muzaffar Ali's famous Umrao Jaan, a cricket bat signed by Aamir Khan and the team from Lagaan and very rare photographic stills mounted on lobby cards and show cards from Aan, Mother India, Dil Diya Dard Liya, Leader, Humraaz, Zanjeer, Aan Milo Sajna and other classic films.According to Neville Tuli, the founder chairman of Osian's, the process of marketing film memorabilia started in 2000 when he started the art auction house.\"India has been so disrespectful and negligent of film memorabilia that over 90% of it is gone forever. Publicity material even in the West only started getting respect in the 1970s. And we are always 20-30 years behind. We are building a museum, an archive, a knowledge base to transform the sensibilities of a culture,\" Tuli said.More than a decade later, Osian's continues to build on its auction segment. \"It'll take another 2-3 years for the auction to build up. This is ground zero level where we are just giving them away for just Rs 20,000. Imagine the first original poster of Mughal-e-Azam is cheaper than buying a pair of jeans in a mall. The world has lost its perspective. Let us see what happens tomorrow,\" he said.Tuli said it is sad that in a country which is so passionate about cinema, the market for vintage Indian cinema publicity material and memorabilia is at such infancy.\"This not only reflects the lack of a cinematic culture but also a lack of financial clout in the global context. It must change. The Indian film fraternity must start respecting its history, the work of its peers, and the art of its publicity material.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15287198", "title": "Kannur cops become targets of CPM ire", "text": "KANNUR: Rising instances of attack on policemen allegedly by CPM and DYFI workers in retaliation against police action against them have not gone done well with the cops.On Monday, the police in Payyannur registered case against 10 persons for attacking the house of a special branch SI early in the morning. According to the police, the culprits, suspected to be CPM workers, barged into the house of SI K Raghavan and destroyed the plants in the house compound at Kattacheri near Karivalloor. When the SI came out of his house, the attackers broke the bulb and ran away.Cops doubt that the attackers targeted the SI in retaliation against his move to name the 12 persons in another case, in which a police driver K V Nanukuttan's house was attacked on Thursday night.It was the same night that the police patrol team filed a case against 15 persons for drinking in public and ganging up to attack Nanukuttan, who was driver of the night patrol vehicle.But the DYFI alleged that the cops attacked DYFI district committee member K V Vijesh while he was pasting posters on the walls against electricity tariff hike. Agitated DYFI workers allegedly attacked the house of police driver later in the night. Though the cops registered a case against 12 persons, no one's name was mentioned in the first investigation report.For doing so, SI Vikraman was suspended on Friday. On Saturday, police named the 12 persons based on the list prepared by the special branch.This is supposed to have annoyed the attackers who believe that SI Raghavan might have given their name to the cops.In another incident, the police had registered cases against DYFI workers allegedly for manhandling a woman civil police officer during the KSEB office march. The police conducted raids as part of its search to nab the culprits. But the CPM on Saturday alleged that the raid team attacked the houses of party workers. To protest against this, the workers under DYFI state secretary T V Rajesh, MLA, and district secretary P Jayarajan took out a protest march to Payyannur police station.Sources say that ever since the police started raids in Payyannur in connection with the TP murder case, tension has been high between the cops and the CPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15287538", "title": "Government to scrap screening of new-born babies: Laxmikant Parsekar", "text": "PORVORIM: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Monday said that the decision of the earlier government to screen new-born babies for inborn diseases will be scrapped.He also said that primary and community health centres would be modernized and that a roadmap on the health sector would be prepared for which a consultant would be appointed soon.Replying to a discussion on demands for grants to health, he said the government is planning to set up a cardiology unit at GMC hospital, Bambolim. He also said that 11 lifts out of 16 in the hospital which are older than 22 years, would be replaced. Parsekar said that the old lifts which breakdown often, will be replaced in two phases - first five and then six.On screening of new-born babies, Parsekar said that the government has spent more than Rs 8 crore on the screening. He said cases of disorders detected were very negligible adding that the same amount can be spent to strengthen PHCs and CHCs. Stating that it is important to get cardiac surgeons just as private hospitals get them, Parsekar said he has spoken to Dr Guruprasad Datta Naik from Siolim, who is in the USA.\"We are in touch with Naik, who is a cardiologist of international repute and have asked him to give a detailed proposal to set up the infrastructure and other requirement for the cardiology unit.\" Parsekar said the government is spending around Rs 15-20 crore per annum on heart ailments.He also said that three new operation theatres would be set up at Hospicio and informed the assembly that a new generator has been installed to ensure that operations do not get postponed because of a power problem.Parsekar said that a PHC and CHC will be provided with ultrasound, x-ray machines, pathological labs.If this is done, the pressure on GMC will be reduced, he added. He also stated that under '108' emergency health care, the number of ambulances would go up from 33 to 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285068", "title": "High-end car? The sun film can remain", "text": "BANGALORE: Do you drive an Audi, Merc, BMW, Jaguar or Porsche that's manufactured outside the country? Then fret not about paying fine for the tinted glass, even if the traffic cop asks you to. The top cop of traffic police department confirmed that the tinted glasses fitted in cars manufactured and imported from foreign countries are exempted from the Supreme Court ban.Confusion prevails among vehicle owners, even three months after the transport department and traffic police launched a crackdown on sun films in cars. \"The apex court order clearly says that high-end cars manufactured outside the country and imported are exempted from the ban,\" said MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic).Meanwhile, owners of high-end vehicles are complaining that cops have fined them. One such complainant said that the cop told him that he was given a daily target by his superiors to crack down on 20-odd vehicles having sun films. Under performance pressure, these traffic policemen, resort to collecting fine from vehicles which are exempted as per the SC order.Saleem said: \"We have never issued such diktats. About 12,000 cars in the city have been booked in the past two-and-half months for not removing sun films. If we would have still continued, this figure would have shot up drastically and unscientifically.\"He said about 90% of cars have now removed sun films and the remaining 10% belong to the category of high-end vehicles which are exempted from the ban.What do the rules sayWhile Section 100 of Central Motor Vehicles Act 1989 does not ban the use of curtains for car windows, the apex court has made it clear that it cannot be allowed, claimed Saleem, and added: \"We are following the SC order.\"Rule 100 of the Act stipulates 70% visibility for windscreens and 50% for windows. Traffic police and regional transport officers (RTOs) are empowered to inspect vehicles and penalize owners.Which cars are exemptedHigh-end cars manufactured by companies like Honda , Ford, Toyota, Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Porsche and Jaguar are exempted as they come with factory-fitted tinted glasses, and fall under the category of Original Equipment Manufacturer. The apex court order says the glass should be in the condition it was when delivered by the maker. Only owners of India-made vehicles, who have added tints to windows after purchasing their vehicles, will have to remove them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286417", "title": "Dreaded CTET for teachers in November", "text": "NAGPUR: The third edition of Central Teacher Eligibility Test (CTET) conducted by CBSE will now be held on November 18. TOI had reported earlier on the drastically high failure rate of candidates who appear for this exam - which will be mandatory for new teachers at private CBSE schools from next academic session. The CTET is already mandatory for those seeking employment in government CBSE schools.Across the country, 86% of the candidates had failed in the maiden CTET held in 2011, while 94% failed in the second edition held in January this year. The minimum passing mark required in CTET is 60% and so far there are no indications from the board that they will change the exam's pattern in anyway. In the last exam, about 9 lakh teachers appeared across the country but only 55,422 could pass.Anurag Pandey, principal of Suyash Convent, said, \"with examination being new not many teachers are aware of the pattern and structure and hence there should be professional help provided to tackle it. Some teachers also feel the exam is a tad too elaborate and not structured properly.\"Sohini Das, a teacher at GH Raisoni Vidya Niketan (CBSE), said, \"the exam time is not sufficient and I feel that is the reason for a bulk of candidates failing. I do not think the examination is necessary but if it has to be conducted, a subjective test would be a better than the current MCQ pattern.\" She added there was already a scarcity of teachers and this examination would only aggravate the matter as even fewer persons would be eligible. \"The burden on the current teachers will increase immensely,\" she said.Candidates have to apply online on the CTET website and then print the confirmation page. This page will then have to be sent by speed/registered post only, as courier will not be accepted by CBSE. Candidates can apply online from August 1 to 31 and the printed confirmation page must be sent by September 7 to CBSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15286962", "title": "Gaikwad panel submits report", "text": "MUMBAI: The one-member Judicial Inquiry Commission of Justice (retd) M G Gaikwad probing the Maval firing incident submitted its finding to the Maharashtra government. The inquiry report was handed over to chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia in Mantralay on Monday. The inquiry was started on January 30.A Mantralay source stated that once the report is submitted to the government, it is tabled before the state cabinet for future course of action. \"After going trough the report, the state government will table the action taken report,\" the official added.Last year three farmers, including a woman, were killed and 19 others were injured in the police firing at Maval near Pune on August 9. Following the incident, the home department ordered a judicial probe and appointed former judge of Bombay high court, Justice M G Gaikwad, to probe the incident.The commission examined the terms of reference which include ascertaining the circumstances leading to the police firing and whether there were any lapses on the part of the authorities. According to the Mantralay officials, the commission has examined several witnesses which includes medical officers, Maval famers, district administration (including then Pune rural police superintendent Sandeep Karnik and eye witnesses of the incident .A senior home department official said, \"We believe that circumstances were such that police had no choice but to resort to firing to control the mob that was protesting on the Mumbai-Pune expressway. The protest was turning violent and posing a great threat to those who were trapped on the expressway. Had police not taken stern action, the situation could have turned worse,\" the official said.\"I am sure that the outcome of the report will come as a great relief for the home department and police personnel facing inquiry in the case,\" the official added.The police had resorted to firing at Maval during a protest by farmers against laying of a water pipeline through their fields to supply water from the Pavana dam to Pimpri-Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286993", "title": "'Upgrade facilities at railway station'", "text": "PUNE: Commuters have demanded upgradation of basic facilities such as starting of additional ticket windows, widening of entry-exit gates as well as a separate booth for autorickshaws at the Shivajinagar railway station, a day after the railway administration started two local trains from Shivajinagar to Talegaon and Lonavla.The commuters said the number of passengers at the station will now go up and it is the responsibility of the railway administration to make daily commuting safe and hassle-free.In a recent development, one train each has been started from Shivajinagar to Talegaon and Lonavla which will terminate at Shivajinagar on the return journey and not travel up to the Pune railway station. The administration has said that new trains would prove beneficial for more than 10,000 commuters who travel daily in local trains from Shivajinagar. The administration has claimed that termination of local trains at Shivajinagar would save 15 to 20 minutes per train trip.\"It is a welcome change,\" said Paresh Deshmukh, who travels every day from Talegaon to Shivajinagar to attend college. He added, \"The administration needs to act on various issues. The Shivajinagar station needs more ticket windows. At present, there are only two. Two additional ticket windows should be started, especially during rush hours, to prevent long queues in front of the exit gates.\"Ruturaj Amarendhra, another commuter, said the rail and traffic authorities should take steps to streamline the movement of autorickshaws outside the station. \"At present, nobody is monitoring the autorickshaws here. With increase in the number of trains at the station, a comprehensive plan to streamline traffic movement on both sides of the station would be needed,\" he added.Commuter Vinay Nikam said, \"Termination of trains at Shivajinagar would lead to increase in trespassing. The railway administration should fix barricades parallel to the platforms to prevent people from crossing the tracks.\"Sources at the railway administration said there is a plan to set up a traffic police booth to handle autorickshaws outside the station. An additional railway track at Shivajinagar has been planned that will be used only by the long distance trains which do not halt at the station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287540", "title": "Goa government employees' association meet at Canacona", "text": "The working committee of Goa government employees' association (GGEA) will hold a meet to address grievances of the government employees of Canacona taluka on August 1, between 10.30am and 5pm, at the government complex in Canacona. The committee will also assist the employees to render prompt and quality services to the public.Workshop on Vastu:A workshop on 'Vastu' will be organized by Rupa Batra at Neo Majestic, Porvorim, near Azad Bhavan, on August 9 at 5.30pm. There will also be a 15 minutes interactive session. For further details, call on 09810114184 or email at batrarupa@gmail.com.Trek to Fort Raigad:Eco Treks Goa will organize a trek to Fort Raigad in Maharashtra from August 24 to 27 (three nights and two days). The participants will also be taken to Fort Pratapgad and the Mahabaleshwar and Panchagani hill stations. For details and registration contact Durgadas Parab (Ph: 9422445444), Olympio Almeida (Ph: 9096406113) or Arti Das (Ph: 9822522119).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "15286247", "title": "This Raksha Bandhan women to campaign against use of pesticides", "text": "JIND: This Raksha Bandhan, a group of women from Nindana and Lalitkhera villages in Jind district will tie rakhis on photographs of insects as part of their campaign against use of pesticides in agriculture fields.\"All insects are our brothers, don't kill them. Shun pesticides to save them,\" is their plea this rakhi season even as they attend classes on ill-effects of pesticides on humans and insects.The classes were first organised by Surender Dalal, an agriculture scientist, who motivated the farmers in these villages to observe the insects closely. Two years ago he started weekly classes for the villagers as part of a mission to spread awareness against pesticide use. \"Around 30 farmers from 12 villages of Jind and Rohtak districts are attending classes in Nindana village while another batch of 30 women attend lessons in adjoining Lalitkhera village once in a week,\" he said. There are separate batches of observers and trainers for men and women.During the past two years, these village women, who work in the farm fields daily, have learnt that most of the insects are actually helping and protecting their crop. They have already identified around 90 farm-friendly insects and will tie rakhis on pictures of bugs, pests, insects and predators.\"Uncontrolled use of pesticides is killing these insects. Women in Nidana have decided to take up the cause of insects and we will protect them,\" said Geeta Malik, a master trainer who learned about the insects on the fields of Nidana village during the past two years. \"These insects are like our brothers who protect our crop. In turn, we too have taken a vow to protect them by shunning pesticides, which kill the farm-friendly insects,\" she added.Angrez Kaur, mater trainer at Lalitkhera village, said a group of 30 women in her village will celebrate rakshabandhan on Wednesday, a day before the official festival, and will tie rakhis on photographs of predator insects. \"We will take a vow on this occasion not to use pesticides in farms. In this way we will save the insects which are a lifeline for ecology.\"Apart from Surender Dalal, the campaign is also supported by other agriculture scientists. Ranbir Singh of Nidana village was the first farmer in this region to stop use of pesticides in his field. He then motivated others and also urged the women to observe the insects.Ranbir, who owns 29 acre land, said many farmers have now completely stopped use of pesticides and they still get good harvest from cotton, wheat and other crops. \"We have proved it. We are all in favour of insects. Wiping them out by spraying pesticides would result in imbalanced ecology,\" he said.Sucheta Khokhar, dean at College of Agriculture, Hisar, while appreciating the efforts of the farmers stated that there are a number of predators and parasites which help control diseases and harmful insect attacks on crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15290005", "title": "Full video of Ek Hor out now!", "text": "Produced by another of Beatcircle's latest signing, Suni Nox, this track is set to become the final song anthem.Dedicated to that pleading moment when nobody is prepared for the party to finish it's a song for both the crowd and the DJ.Featuring the voice behind recent release 'Gussa', Panjabi maestro Lucky Sidhu blends his vocal talent right into the mix. So next time to you are at a party and find it hard to depart from that dancefloor,be sure that it's none other than 'Ek Hor'.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286331", "title": "Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association to announce new panel today", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) will officially announce its new executive committee for the period of next two years, except the post of president, at its annual general meeting (AGM) scheduled on Tuesday.The election process to elect a new body of NIMA has already hit a wall as both candidates for the post of president had withdrawn their candidature on the last day of withdrawal of nominations last week. Moreover, 32 contestants for the 32 posts of the executive committee were left unopposed in the fray and their appointments are officially to be announced at the AGM of NIMA scheduled on Tuesday, while the decision for the presidential post will be taken by the new executive committee, the meeting for which is likely to be held in the first week of August.The terms of the sitting AIMA President Dhananjay Bele and executive committee members are ending on July 31. Accordingly, the procedure for the biennial elections for the industrial association has begun. The election for 35-member panelExecutive Committee, including the post of president, was scheduled on July 29. The sitting NIMA president Dhananjay Bele and the sitting vice-president Kishor Rathi, who had filed their nominations for the post of NIMA president, had withdrawn their nominations. With no candidate in the fray for presidential post, the decision to appoint new president has been left to the new elected members that will be taken at its first meeting, which is to be held after the AGM.Around 83 candidates had filed their nominations for all 35 posts. Of 83 candidates, 51 candidates withdrew their nominations on the last day of withdrawal of nominations on July 23. With 32 nominations, contestants on 32 posts have been left unopposed in the fray, while the decision for rest of the 3 posts, including NIMA president, Additional Vice-president and a Executive Committee member, is to be taken by the newly elected members in the first week of August.The official announcement of the 32 candidates left unopposed is to be made at the AGM on Tuesday.The 32 candidates, who are left unopposed, include Kishor Rathi for Vice-president (large scale industries), Manish Kothari-Vice-president (small scale industries), Mangesh Patankar-General Secretary, C S K Mehta-Secretary (large scale industries), Milind Chincholikar-secretary (small scale), Ashish Nahar- Additional Secretary (Sinnar) and Pradeep Boob-treasurer. The other candidates, who are left unopposed for the posts of executive committee members, include Vijay Kumar Gupta, Gajkumar Gandhi, Shailesh Narkhede, Satish Kothari, Laxminarayan Kalantri, Balasaheb Jadhav, Venus Wani, Viral Thakker, Rajendra Vadnere, Shashikant Jadhav, Sameer Patwa, Mangesh Kathe, Vaibhav Joshi, Shrikant Navandar, Milind Rajput, Rajendra Chhajed, Atul Champanerkar, Harshad Bahmankar, Milind Vaidya, Sunil K Bagul, Narayan Patil, Sudhir Badgujar and Kiran Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285442", "title": "Won\u2019t destroy seized gutka, Maharashtra tells HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Government pleader D A Nalawade on Monday orally assured the Bombay high court that the state will not destroy seized gutka pouches after manufacturers pointed out that the state had, along with the ban on manufacture, sale and storage, directed destruction of the product too.Five petitions have been filed by manufacturers like Dhariwal and Ghodawat, represented by a line of senior counsel, including Navroze Seervai, Milind Sathe and Janak Dwarkadas along with Hitesh Jain. However, the matter was stalled. The manufacturers had sent the petition copy directly to the Food and Drug Administration but not to the pleader's office, said Nalawade, despite a caveat for a 48-hour notice being filed. The court gave the state time till August 7 to file an affidavit and posted the matter on that date.Seervai told the bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar, \"The industry can't be closed down like this.\" He sought an early hearing as the industry was at a \"standstill\". He said the notification to impose a ban for a year was \"vitiated\" by the state making its \"malafide intention\" clear when it said it wants to make the ban permanent.Sathe, representing Dhariwal Industries, said the HC must take note that gutka is \"perishable\". The government said it has a \"six-month shelf life\" and promised not to destroy any inventory. The manufacturers also made a noise about not being allowed to take the existing stock out of the state. The HC said it would consider this later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15289484", "title": "Fire breaks out in photo colour laboratory", "text": "SURAT: A major fire broke out at a photo colour laboratory near Surat railway station at 4.30 pm on Monday.The fire caused by the bursting of an air conditioner first engulfed the 10x40 feet shop and then spread to nearby shops.A team of 54 fire brigade staff with eight fire tenders and six water tankers controlled the fire soon. There was no loss of life.\"We found it difficult to reach the spot due to traffic congestion in the area. Once there, we employed a hydraulic platform to control the spread of the fire,\" said Pankaj Patel , chief fire officer, SMC.Fire brigade officials said high voltage had caused the blast in the air conditioner. Flammable material like films and chemicals lying in the shop caught fire from the sparks. Luckily every one in the shop escaped out, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286348", "title": "Industries get notices over green violations", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has issued showcause notices to 11 small scale industries at Tigrania Road near Laxmi Narayan Bridge, Tapovan after pollutants were found to have been released from the industries into the Godavari.Acting on a tip-off, the MPCB cracked down on these units on Friday evening an continued their inspections until Tuesday. Inspections of the 40-odd small scale industries included sweet manufacturers, and electroplating businesses. The officers said that they found heaps of metal and broken glass in the water and on the river bank. Of the 40industries, 11 were found guilty of not acquiring permission or not having renewed permits. These firms have been issued showcause notices. Three units of Kohinoor Plastic which produces plastic granules were found to be polluting the river with plastic washing activity and industrial effluent (IE) discharge outside the factory. World Plastic Care and Royal Plast were two companies who were also issued notices. The other firms includedYashashree Food Products, Swastik Powder Coating, Haji Mithai which produced sweets, farsan and dairy items, Dynamic Sales which is into powder coating, Mohanlal Namkin and New Perina Ice Cream. None of the 11 firms had a pollution control system in place.\"A report of the 11 units has been submitted to me by our sub-regional office. We have asked the owners of the units to submit their explanation within eight days. Some units have not acquired permission from us while some do not have effluent treatment plant (ETP),\" said MPCB regional officer A S Fulse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287431", "title": "School bus runs over 18-month-old boy", "text": "CHENNAI: An 18-month-old boy, who slipped out of the house when his mother had gone to see off her two elder sons to their school bus, was killed when he was run over by the same school bus on Monday morning in suburban Annanur near Avadi.Police said Sanjay had followed his mother Meena as she took her sons Santosh and Sudhakar to board the bus. Sanjay crawled to the front of the bus and was playing with the bumper of the bus. Neither the driver nor the mother noticed him as she was under the impression that he was at home.The bus belonged to Little Holy Matriculation School and the driver of the bus Mohan surrendered before police after the incident. \"The child died of head injury and was bleeding from the nose,'' said a traffic police constable.The body was taken to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital for postmortem. The Poonamallee traffic investigation police are investigating the case. Residents of the area said it was an unfortunate incident as the mother was thinking the child was playing inside the house and left the door open. He slid to the front of the bus and was playing when the bus started moving. It was traumatic for the children who were travelling on the bus. Parents of those children later took some of them home and others dropped the children to school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286739", "title": "Many city areas have no place for trees", "text": "NAGPUR: Trees are gradually vanishing as Nagpur is fast turning into a concrete jungle. This is more starkly visible in old city area that has lost considerable green cover over the years. The situation is so bad that Satranjipura and Gandhibagh zones of NMC have no open space for Nagpur Municipal Corporation's 'Green City Green Nagpur' drive. The NMC plans to launch its 1 lakh sapling plantation project campaign from these two zones.A BJP corporator from Gandhibagh zone told TOI that they had been given target to plant 2,000 saplings. \"But the zone that has such areas as Itwari and Mahal doesn't have space to plant even 100,\" said the corporator. The corporator pointed out that the area was densely populated commercial hub of the city but also had gained the dubious distinction of the lowest green cover (at just 34,000 trees) in the last tree census.The first time corporator also pointed out that there was no space available even in Town Hall premises to plant saplings. The schools in this part of the city don't have grounds which could have helped the zone to reach the target.Similar is the situation in Satranjipura zone. Here too, there are many wards where no place is even in school premises. \"The densely populated Mominpura ward comes last with a meagre 195 trees, preceded by Bhankheda with 311 and Timki with hardly 550,\" said a source from Garden department.NMC's garden superintendent N B Shrikhande admitted the scanty green cover in old city area. Considering the present situation, he said all 10 zones have been given a target of planting 28,000 saplings. He, however, pointed out that the gap would be made up by zones like Ashi Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Dharampeth etc where there is place. There are many new residential localities coming up along the outer ring road where trees could be planted, he said.He said the 'Green City Green Nagpur' drive will mark a step towards restoration of damage done to the nature. \"We just want to leave a healthy world for the future generation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287282", "title": "Vijayakanth says he is in control of party, to begin state tour", "text": "CHENNAI: DMDK president and actor Vijayakanth on Monday said he was in full control of his party and the fact that no one voted in the presidential polls against his wishes only proved this fact. He was reacting to queries during a media interaction about some of his party MLAs distancing themselves from the party. Vijayakanth said his party would boycott the vice-presidential elections as well. However, the DMDK, which has 29 MLAs, has no representation either in the Lok Sabha or the Rajya Sabha.As reports gained strength about the possibility of some of his party MLAs crossing the fence, Vijayakanth and his wife Premalatha announced their decision to undertake a tour of the state and to meet and address district functionaries in a bid to keep the flock together. At the media meet, Vijayakanth told reporters that he would begin the state-wide tour from August 1 \"to meet the people and distribute welfare measures\".Taking on the state government on several issues, Vijayakanth alleged that the state official machinery had turned corrupt. He also criticized DMK leader M Karunanidhi for the forthcoming TESO conference. \"He (Karunanidhi) was in power when the LTTE chief Velupillai Prabakaran and thousands of Tamils in Sri Lanka were killed. He did nothing for the Tamils during that crucial time. He has never been consistent in his stand. First he said Tamil Eelam was his agenda. Now he has gone back on his stand,\" Vijayakanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15286830", "title": "Schools help kids caught in marital issues of parents", "text": "KOCHI: Gone are the days when schools were nothing more than a centre of learning. Today most of them have become an unofficial place for estranged parents to meet their wards. To deal with this new trend, schools are coming out with their own set of rules, often unwritten.Sensitive to the fast-changing structure of the family and an increase in the number of estranged families, some schools have asked teachers to strictly follow the child's guardian's written instruction or ask for a court order granting permission to meet the child at school.Some schools allow such meeting in the presence of a teacher, once the parent's identity is established. A few have established a home-school link, wherein teachers visit the homes of children and act as agents between schools and families, trying to help children deal with issues. \"The pressure on school authorities has increased in recent times. Estranged parents often use children to settle personal scores and conflicts arise when an estranged parent tries to meet the child illegally at school. So, most schools have now introduced their own set of rules to reduce unwarranted conflicts at school,\" said Kerala CBSE School Management Association president T P M Ibrahim Khan.\"It is an awkward situation for us as we find it difficult to stop a biological parent from meeting his or her child. So we allow it in the presence of a teacher. However, if there is a restraining order from the court, we refuse to oblige,\" said headmistress of St Antony's High School (Kacheripady) Lily K J. Schools are also conducting home visits to understand students' problems. \"During such visits we identify the reasons behind a child's strange behavior. It helps us deal with them in a more considerate manner. We also counsel children and parents,\" said St Teresa High school principal Annakutty.Psychiatrists admit that children are increasingly being used as a manipulating tool by estranged couples. \"Teachers need to provide personal help to such students as they are exposed to more social pressure and prying queries from other students. If a parent is manipulative, the child is further forced to suffer,\" said psychiatrist Dr Philip John. Clinical psychologist Mable Davis said, \"Such children develop emotional issues, like separation anxiety and concentration issues. Teachers can help them deal with these.\"With schools no more remaining just a temple of learning but also increasingly becoming an \"unofficial\" place for an estranged parent to meet their ward, the schools have come out with their own set of rules, often unwritten, to deal with such unfavorable situations.Sensitive to the fast changing structure of the family and amidst increase in the number of estranged families, some schools have asked the teachers to strictly follow the child's guardian's written instructions or ask for an order from the court granting permission to meet the child in the school premise, while others allow the parent to meet the child in the presence of a teacher once identity is established. Few schools have also established home-school link, wherein the teachers visit homes of children and act as agents between schools and families and try to help children deal with their emotional and other problems.\"The pressures on school authorities have increased in recent times. Estranged parents often use children to settle personal scores and conflicts arise when an estranged parent \"illegally\" tries to meet the child in school. So now most schools have introduced their own set of rules to reduce unwarranted conflicts involving children at school due to rift between the couple,\" said Kerala CBSE School Management Association president TPM Ibrahim Khan.Khan said that while some insist on following the court order on who should be allowed to meet the child in school, others insist on written instructions from the person who is named guardian at the time of admission.\"It is an awkward situation for us as we find it difficult to stop a biological parent from meeting their child. So we allow the parent to meet the child in presence of a teacher. But if a restraining order from the court then we out rightly refuse to oblige\", said St Antony's High School, Kacherippady, headmistress Lily KJ.Schools are conducting home visits to understand the problems of children whose home lives range from temporary disruption to near-permanent crisis. \"During home visits we come to know the real reasons behind a child's strange behavior at school. It helps us deal with such children in a more considerate manner. We counsel children and even parents\", said St. Teresa High school principal Annakutty.Psychiatrists admit that children are increasingly being used as a manipulating tool by the estranged couples. \"Teachers need to provide personal help to such students as they are more strained when an estranged parent comes to meet them stealthily in school, as they are exposed to more social pressure and prying queries from schoolmates. Also if one of the parent is manipulating, the child is further forced to suffer in silence\", observed psychiatrist Dr Philip John.Added clinical psychologist Mable Davis, \"Such children develop lots of emotional issues such as separation anxiety, concentration issues and several other problems. The teachers can really help children to deal with these issues with care and patience\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15289419", "title": "2 arrested with 375 Indian-made foreign liquor bottles", "text": "RAJKOT: A large cache of Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) bottles was seized from a truck at Morbi Road crossing on Sunday night. Police arrested two persons in this regard.The seizure and arrests followed a tip-off that the crime branch officials got about the arrival of a truck with liquor consignment.\"We intercepted the truck with the help of its registration number given to us and found a liquor cache stored inside. The consignment included 375 bottles of IMFL and along with the truck the seizure was worth Rs 13.50 lakh,\" said a crime branch official.The arrested accused were identified as truck driver Harjindarsinh Sandhu and cleaner Gautam Kamre. \"Our preliminary investigation revealed that the consignment belonged to a bootlegger identified as Mahesh Thakkar, who has so far evaded arrest. The consignment was coming from a Goa distillery,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285057", "title": "Poetry may be fun, but plumbing is life saving", "text": "BANGALORE: The next wave of public policy impact does not lie in poetry (strategy) but in plumbing (execution). Since most 3E (education, employment and employability) delivery systems are in the hands of states, these are the five most impactful things the Karnataka government can do.1 Tweak RTE implementation: The Right to Education Act is the wrong thing for the right reason. But state governments have the flexibility to shift the toxic input and hardware obsession of the central draft to include learning outcomes as Gujarat has demonstrated. The most toxic part is not the 25% reservation but the licence raj and corruption unleashed by the Block Education Officer. Small tweaks could ensure that RTE truly enables small private schools to be The Beautiful Tree that Gandhiji thought of them as.2 Pass an Umbrella Private University Bill: Karnataka led the nation in enabling private engineering colleges to become the supply chain for the IT industry. While a few private universities have been created, the state has not passed an umbrella private university Act that will enable the transparent entry of many more such institutions. Karnataka must leverage its head start in the knowledge economy to create attract many more such institutions to the state.3 Expand Employment Exchanges: Karnataka has taken the national lead in remodelling defunct employment exchanges into career centres that offer assessment, counselling, apprenticeships, training and employment. The pilot Public Private Partnership has gone well; it is time to be bold and expand this experiment to all 29 employment exchanges in the state and also raise the scale and stakes for these exchanges.4 Revolutionize Real Estate Transactions: One of the biggest constraints to job creation is our weird real estate market. Revolutionizing Karnataka's geography of work needs moving away from a corrupt and opaque denotification regime for land use which ensures that the high prices paid by final land users are never realized by rural owners. Moving away from regulatory arbitrage requires political courage but if Tamil Nadu can do so can we.5 Build a new city near Bangalore: When people talk about the Shanghai Skyline, they usually mean the new city of Pudong. Having lost the opportunity to place the new airport halfway between Bangalore and Mysore - and created twin cities, the state government needs to plan a world-class city further north of the airport on the national highway. This city - like Gachibowli near Hyderabad, Gurgaon near Delhi and Magarpatta in Pune - would end up being mixed use with office and residential spaces intermingling. And since this would be a new community, we could get town planning and infrastructure right at birthing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287064", "title": "SSC, HSC supplementary results in August", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The results of SSC and HSC (science) and (general) stream supplementary exams will be declared on August 4 and August 6 respectively.Officials of Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) said the results of SSC supplementary exams will be declared on August 4 while HSC results will out on August 6.The board had taken supplementary exams of students who had failed up to two papers in SSC and HSC (science) and one paper in HSC (general) stream.This year, the marksheets will be issued the same day that the result are declared on the board. Earlier, marksheets were issued three to four days later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15286419", "title": "India quietly gate crashes into submarine-launched ballistic missiles club?", "text": "NEW DELHI: India in April yanked open the door of the exclusive ICBM ( intercontinental ballistic missile) club with the first test of Agni-V. Now, if DRDO is to be believed, India has quietly gate-crashed into an even more exclusive club of nuclear-tipped submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBMs).The annual awards function of the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) on Tuesday will see PM Manmohan Singh hand over the ``technology leadership award'' to a scientist, A K Chakrabarti of the Hyderabad-based DRDL lab, for the ``successful development'' of the country's first SLBM.``Apart from India, this capability has been acquired only by four nations, the US, Russia, France and China. Now, the SLBM system is ready for induction,'' says the award citation.Long shrouded in secrecy as a ``black project'', unlike the surface-to-surface nuclear missiles like Agni, the SLBM may now finally come out of the closet. Called different names at different developmental phases, which included ``Sagarika'' for an extended period, the SLBM in question is the ``K-15'' missile with a 750-km strike range.Celebrations, however, may be a little premature. Much like the over 5,000-km Agni-V that will be fully operational only by 2015 after four-to-five ``repeatable tests'', the K-15 is also still some distance away from being deployed.While the SLBM may be fully-ready and undergoing production now, as DRDO contends after conducting its test several times from submersible pontoons, its carrier INS Arihant will take at least a year before it's ready for ``deterrent patrols''.India's first indigenous nuclear-powered submarine, the 6,000-tonne INS Arihant, is still undergoing ``harbor-acceptance trials'' with all its pipelines being cleared and tested meticulously on shore-based steam before its miniature 83 MW pressurized light-water reactor goes ``critical''.The submarine will then undergo extensive ``sea-acceptance trials'' and test-fire the 10-tonne K-15, which can carry a one-tonne nuclear payload, from the missile silos on its hump.Only then will India's missing third leg of the nuclear triad - the ability to fire nukes from land, air and sea - be in place. INS Arihant has four silos on its hump to carry either 12 K-15s or four of the 3,500-km range K-4 missiles undergoing tests at the moment. The first two legs revolve around the Agni missiles and fighters like Sukhoi-30MKIs and Mirage-2000s jury-rigged to deliver nuclear warheads.The sea-based nuclear leg in the shape of SLBMs is much more effective \u2014 as also survivable being relatively immune to pre-emptive strikes \u2014 than the air or land ones. Nuclear-powered submarines, which are capable of operating silently underwater for months at end, armed with nuclear-tipped missiles are, therefore, considered the most potent and credible leg of the triad.With even the US and Russia ensuring that two-thirds of the strategic warheads they eventually retain under arms reduction agreements will be SLBMs, India with a clear ``no-first use'' nuclear doctrine needs such survivable second-strike capability to achieve credible strategic deterrence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287504", "title": "Policy soon to limit bars in residential areas", "text": "PANAJI: The state excise department will soon be putting in place a policy that will enable it to restrict bars and other liquor outlets in residential areas.This follows state chief minister Manohar Parrikar stating that no new licenses will be issued to liquor outlets in residential colonies.The department also hopes to do the same in areas housing educational institutions. Excise department is coming out with a policy, said sources.Presently, there are no fixed quotas. Activists, who have long been calling for control over bars, feel there should be some restriction on the number of licenses issued. Some are of the view that enforcement can be done if there is a proper policy in place.With growing incidents of late night nuisance being created by drunks outside liquor bars housed in residential buildings, sources said the panchayat was better equipped to close down such bars in the respective villages. In other states resolutions by panchayats prevent bars from coming up in the village. Goan panchayats need to do the same said sources.Incidentally, Mencurem village in Bicholim has no liquor bars since the village panchayat has passed a resolution against having bars in the village. The state police also need to be strict, felt sources.The excise department is one of the major revenue earning departments of the state. It collected revenue of over 170 crore for the previous financial year. This financial year the department has been set a revenue collection target of 220 crore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287076", "title": "Commissioner asks election commission to stop transfer of three cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police commissioner has written to the election commission through the state director general of police to stop the transfer of three police inspectors working with city crime branch. The application cited ongoing investigations of the Ahmedabad serial blasts and the hooch tragedy for the proposed stay.According to senior state police officials, 178 police inspectors were recently transferred before the elections. According to the election commission norms, police officials who have served over three years at one place were included in the shuffle. The shuffle included K K Patel, B A Patel and J M Yadav, inspectors with city crime branch.\"The letter mentions that these inspectors should not be transferred from their current post as they have been involved in investigations of cases such as serial blasts and the hooch tragedy. It also states that these inspectors are with a special unit so they should be excluded from purview. Moreover, they will be kept away from the election process,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "15286306", "title": "Phagwara MC has its priorities mixed up", "text": "PHAGWARA: When the local bodies department is propagating rainwater harvesting through building byelaws and laying the onus on building owners to ensure compliance, the Phagwara municipal corporation is spending money to stop rainwater from recharging the earth.Senior officials of MC and local bodies department are now ducking questions and fail to explain the rationale behind their working against the nature, that too when the Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board has already advised the civic body against it.Some months back, MC laid sewerage system in Hadiabad locality with grant received from the Union government under National River Conservation Plan. This system is meant only for carrying out the waste water from homes and the width of pipes and the capacity of sewerage treatment plant has been designed accordingly. According to Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board officials, the project was designed after considering capacity-based consumption of 150 liter water per person daily.However, while rebuilding the streets and roads in the area, the MC has ended up draining rainwater into the sewerage system, which is not equipped to deal with the additional load. Now, these already laid down drains are being demolished and new chambers constructed to facilitate the draining of rainwater into the sewerage system.According to sources, the MC has incurred an extra cost of around 30% by undertaking the chamber work. Had it restricted itself only to road work, the total project would have cost around Rs 3.50 crores. The local bodies department has already released around Rs 1.70 crores, after a chief engineer cleared the project.Feigning ignorance of the project details, MC commissioner S K Singla claimed that it had been conceived before he joined the office. However, the tenders for project were invited by Singla.Chief engineer Ajay Kanwar, who has been overseeing the work, said he had examined the project for rebuilding streets some months back. However, he, too, refused to give any details about the project approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287332", "title": "Roads in extended city parts won't get concrete layer yet", "text": "CHENNAI: For residents of city's extended areas, there is bad news in store. They will have to wait a little longer for concrete roads as the civic body is yet to come up with a blueprint on the standard of concrete road laying.Instead, the Chennai Corporation has decided to blacktop at least 1,083 interior roads before the monsoon sets in. The corporation will release short-tenders for interior roads worth 90 crore on Tuesday. Most of the roads are located in older limits of the corporation like Royapuram, Kotturpuram and Thiruvanmiyur among others.\"A shorttender can be issued tomorrow and opened by a week. Once the contractors and tenders are finalized, it can be placed for the corporation's approval. If we are able to finalize these tenders soon, we can place it before the council in mid-August itself,\" said a corporation official.Officials hope that orders can be issued in August itself, giving contractors time to complete 15-20% of the work before the rains begin. \"Blacktopped roads take only one night to set well. So if we have a dry September, a lot of work can be completed,\" he said.This move comes after the civic body realized that their plan of laying 1,084 interior roads with concrete at a cost of 80 crore is likely to take a much longer time. This project is facing delay on two counts - one, the consultant appointed is yet to submit his advisory report on how best to lay the roads to ensure that roads cuts will not be required in future and two the floating of tenders for the same can be done only after the report is submitted.\"Even assuming we get the report in a month or two and then we identify the contractors, he will not be able to start work till January after the monsoon ends,\" said another corporation official.The ambitious project to relay 181km of interior roads, like the mega city development mission, focuses on some extended areas that have been without any kind of roads for years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286972", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Corporation to begin anti-encroachment drive next week", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will begin the anti-encroachment drive to remove unauthorised constructions located on plots reserved in the development plan, and those that have come up after March 31, 2012, the next week. A meeting was held on Monday to take a review of the unauthorised constructions and the future course of action.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said the civic administration has already started the process of conducting panchnama, and issuance of notices to the owners.\"We have invited bids for hiring machinery to undertake the drive to demolish unauthorised constructions that have a height of ground plus six floors. The work order for the contract is expected to be allotted in three to four days,\" Pardeshi said.\"The PCMC will first remove unauthorised constructions that have come up on reserved plots that the civic body has acquired by granting TDR or compensation. The second priority is to remove constructions on plots reserved in development plan but the land has not been acquired. The third priority are the reserved plots where the constructions were made prior to the plot getting reserved in the DP wherein people are not fully at fault,\" Pardeshi said.The meeting, held on Monday, was attended by deputy commissioner of police (zone three) Shahji Umap. Pardeshi said the drive will be conducted with adequate police security.Last week, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar held a meeting in Mumbai regarding unauthrorised constructions. He gave a go-ahead to the civic body for taking action against unauthorised constructions on the reserved plots in DP and those that have come up after March 31. Pardeshi, mayor Mohini Lande and civic office-bearers had attended the meeting.Eom/siddharth gaikwad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289383", "title": "Cosmetic activities will not get Hyderabad's monuments the honour they deserve", "text": "It's an all too familiar ritual. Authorities wake up to the so-called restoration of heritage monuments and their precincts that otherwise gather the dust of neglect. While they are busy pulling down illegal structures now, there are no answers as to how they were allowed to come up in the first place. Cosmetic activities at the last minute may not be able to get the Hyderabad's monuments the honour they deserve and it's time the government realizes the treasure of heritage it has been ignoring for years and work towards its conservation and protection against encroachments through the year and not just when an inspection is scheduled.Related story: 'Restoration' of heritage sites on", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15285934", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express blaze: Inquiry in Nellore on August 2, 3", "text": "NELLORE: Commissioner of Railway Safety ( CRS) Dinesh Kumar Singh will hold a statutory inquiry into the fire mishap. The inquiry will be held on August 2 and 3 on the Nellore railway station premises.Vijayawada divisional railway manager, Anurag appealed to all those possessing information related to the accident and and desirous of give evidence to appear before the commissioner. He said that people could also write to him at his official address: The commissioner of railway safety, south central circle, opposite to Rail Nilayam, Sarojini Devi road, Secunderabad - 500 071 or contact him on dphone number, 040 - 27820104.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15290154", "title": "'Monsoon men' for Palamu Tiger Reserve patrolling", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Officials of the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) have engaged \"monsoon men\" for the protection and safety of wildlife.The \"monsoon men\" will be on the job for 75 days on a daily wage of Rs 145. 54. They will do patrolling in the PTR. Sources said sighting of wild animals also became difficult because of the vegetation grew during the rainy season. \"Even an adult elephant is in a position to camouflage itself in this huge vegetation now in the PTR,\" said a source.Precious trees having high timber price become more vulnerable to felling during the rains in PTR.Confirming this temporary engagement of monsoon men, conservator of the buffer zone Anil K Mishra said the buffer zone has been allotted Rs 1.75 lakh for monsoon patrolling.He said, \"The practice is in vogue in every rainy season. Immense vegetation doubles up the task of protection of wildlife as well as precious trees. These men will be drawn locally as they know the area well and a bond is established between the locals and the PTR,\" said Mishra.The PTR has no female ground staff to cater for the needs of female tourists.None of the monsoon personnel have ever been a female in the PTR in the past one decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285445", "title": "Government clears auction of fancy car numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Monday decided to auction VIP and fancy car numbers at a high price to garner an additional revenue of Rs 100-200 crore.\"The intention is not only to generate huge amount but also utilize it for welfare. The amount will be transferred to the chief minister's relief fund for enhancing the sphere of grant during natural calamities and for the needy people facing hardships,\" said chief minister Sheila Dikshit . The auction will be held every fortnight.According to the policy, Rs 5 lakh has been fixed as the highest reserved premium for the most sought-after number \"0001\". The second category with series 0002-0009 will attract a minimum premium of Rs 3 lakh. The next category having a minimum reserved premium of Rs 2 lakh will include series 0010-0099 and series having number \"786\", considered auspicious by the Muslims. The fourth category with a premium amount of Rs 1 lakh will include series 1000, 2000, 3000... till 9000.Under the fifth category, one can get any other number for Rs 20,000. The last category will be based on birthdays, anniversaries or numerology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286554", "title": "Burglars loot house and splurge ATM card too", "text": "NAGPUR: After looting the Rajurkar family's house at Bhim Chowk in Jaripatka of 7 tolas gold and Rs10,000 cash, the burglars took away an ATM-cum-debit card of Kamlakar who is a government employee. Then they went on shopping spree and also bought tickets for a movie at a multiplex. They are still at large.The burglars forced entered the house on Sunday evening when the Rajurkar family had left for Kalmeshwar to attend a family function. The front door lock of the house was found broken. The miscreants had also broken the locks of two cupboards.Though Rajurkar was receiving regular SMS alerts on the use of the ATM-cum-debit card, he did not notice as he was engrossed in the function. The burglars first bought tickets worth Rs670 and then made purchases at different outlets for Rs20,000.On Monday morning when Rajurkar realized about the misuse of the card, he had it blocked. An offence of burglary was registered at Jaripatka police station.The family has approached the multiplex mall for CCTV footages of the burglars. In one of the footage, a blurred image of a suspect is visible, which the cops are now trying to investigate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15289567", "title": "Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry president files nomination papers", "text": "SURAT: Despite facing criticism from former presidents and senior members of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI), its current president Paresh Patel filed his nomination papers for Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's (VNSGU) senate election from science faculty on Monday.Patel, who is a science graduate, filed his nomination papers against five times senate member and senior Congress leader Hosang Mirza. Groups opposing BJP have charged that the party and its affiliates are treating the senate elections as a ground for bigger political test. Patel was announced as the candidate of Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP), students' wing of the BJP.Sources said ABVP and some of the senior BJP leaders have thrown their weight behind the SGpresident to defeat Mirza. \"It is very sad that despite opposition from SGCCI office-bearers and past presidents, Patel has filed his nomination papers for the senate election as an ABVP candidate. He has publicized his political affiliations while holding the important post of SGCCI president,\" said a senior office-bearer of SGCCI.Sources said, he was eyeing the assembly election as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285956", "title": "Gagan Narang: Laser-guided missile finds target", "text": "HYDERABAD: If sport is war minus shooting -- pun intended -- every sportsperson representing the country should be like a laser guided missile primed to hit the target, is one of Gagan Narang's favourite sayings.The 29-year-old Hyderabadi wasn't quite a laser guided missile -- two 98s in the qualification round made a difference in the 10 metre air rifle shooting event at the Royal Artillery Barracks in London Olympics, but his bronze medal effort of 701.1 points (598+103.1) on Monday ensured India broke the duck, as far as medals are concerned, on the fourth day of the current edition.This bronze should mark a new beginning for a career that sparked into life nine winters ago. A sprightly lad, barely out of his teens caused a stir in Hyderabad sporting circles by winning the gold in Afro-Asian Games on October 26, 2003.It wasn't love at first sight, though. Like all youngsters Gagan too dabbled in other sports before he found his calling aged 14. \"I tried my hand at cricket, badminton and tennis but somehow got hooked to shooting. People encouraged me then and guess that's how my affair with this sport began,'' Gagan said in one of his innumerable chats with TOI.The Commonwealth Games in Melbourne 2006 was his first test at excellence sustained. He was not found wanting. Four gold medals, three with CWG records, only increased his hunger for success. He became numero uno with a gold in the World Cup in China. It only got better on November 5, 2008 in Bangkok World Cup, where he had shot a perfect 600 in qualification and 103.5 in final to total 703.5 for a then world record that eclipsed Thomas Farnik's record sent in a World Cup final in Granada, Spain.Like all sportspersons, Gagan had his share of setbacks too. He qualified just two months prior the Athens Olympics in 2004 and finished12th there. He was the first Indian shooter to qualify for Beijing Olympics but finished ninth in 2008. ``Sheer agony,'' as he put it then.He also had to weather the storm when he threatened to boycott the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi as Saina Nehwal was considered for the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award ahead of him. That was just before he was to shoot in his event at the World Championships in Munich.\"Others had finished their rounds but I couldn't get myself to squeeze the trigger,'' Gagan had recounted his agony then. \"I have no problem with anyone getting the award but in times of trouble awards keep us motivated,'' he clarified.To his credit, Gagan regrouped and shot down a bronze in Munich. According to his coach Stanislav Lapidus, it was the most expensive medal, more expensive than gold -- because he had to work so much to get Gagan to shoot. The bronze in Munich meant he was again the first Indian shooter to qualify for the London Olympics.He made the Delhi Commonwealth Games a personal triumph, winning four gold medals and was duly awarded the Khel Ratna award, the nation's highest sporting honour.Gagan, now sponsored by Olympic Gold Quest, was ranked eighth in the International Shooting Federation (ISSF) News Magazine's 'Super25 Chart,' a combination of numbers, results and statistics based on last Olympic cycle -- 2009-12. Gagan, world No 14, made 14 appearances in the cycle, made it to eight finals and won three ISSF medals as London beckoned. For someone who is very finicky with his photographs --- he is forever requesting that his pictures be used -- and quite a good hand at photography, Gagan phased himself well en route to London. His social networking, too, slowly went on the decline as he prepared to get himself into the zone. Training in his academy -- Gun For Glory -- in Pune helped but the last leg of his training was in Germany. Well prepared and optimistic, he arrived in London on July 21 and a medal followed in his first day at office.Well begun is half the job done, they say. And Gagan has two more events to shoot in London: 50M rifle prone and 50M rifle 3 positions.Narang Sr, deputy GM (retd), Indian Airlines, once had to sell their house to fund Gagan's expensive passion. It's a decision that is not lost on Gagan. But now that Gagan has entered the rarefied atmosphere of sporting greats, it's a decision the father will look back on with satisfaction. Pride, too.Like he once said, \"when he was small and used to come to the airport, all the engineers and technicians would say \"Narang saab ka beta hai, cockpit me bitao. These days when I go for medicals (Gagan is also with Indian Airlines) they say Gagan Narang ka father hai. This way, sir.\" A complete role reversal. Typical of a single child, Gagan internalises a lot and his ability to absorb -- shocks included -- is not bad in a sport where the rule of the thumb is a blank mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285331", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan to seek \u2018national\u2019 tag for Mumbai projects", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra will put forth its demand for declaring certain projects such as the Navi Mumbai airport, Nhava-Sewri sea link, coastal road plan and Metro rail lines as 'national projects'.The demand, which will be made before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his proposed visit to the city on August 17, if approved by the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) will attract major funding for these projects.The PM is likely to attend the 150th anniversary celebrations of the Mumbai high court. He is likely to review Mumbai projects with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Chavan reportedly wants a 'national tag' for the 22 km Nhava-Sewri sea link worth Rs 10,000 crore, Navi Mumbai airport (Rs 14,000 cr), Colaba-Bandra-Andheri Metro (Rs16,000 cr) and Virar-Alibaug multi-modal corridor (Rs 10,000 crore). The tag can ensure over 50% financial assistance from the Centre. While the state eyes a minimum Rs 2,000 crore each for the sea link and the multi-modal corridor, it expects Rs 8,000 crore from the Centre for the Colaba-Andheri Metro line.The MMRDA has identified 43 hectares of coastal land in Uran taluka of Raigad district where it will be able to transplant or replant the mangroves and trees which will have to be uprooted from the coastal areas of Nhava and Sewri for the construction of the proposed 22 km Mumbai trans-harbour link.Ajit's assurance on Navi Mumbai airportA month after the PM reviewed the progress of flagship projects of the UPA government, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Monday assured CM Prithviraj Chavan that the Centre would take all the necessary steps required to put the Rs 6,000-cr Navi Mumbai international airport on the fast track. Singh informed Chavan in New Delhi that the cabinet committee on infrastructure would look into the legal aspects, including the bid document, contractual liabilities, infrastructural and environmental issues. \"The Centre is aware of the progress made in the project by the Maharashtra government on environmental clearance, shifting EHV transmission lines, rehabilitation and resettlement of affected people, connectivity, land development scheme and land acquisition,'' Singh said.The Union cabinet had granted in-principle approval for the Navi Mumbai airport in May 2007 and it is being monitored directly by the PMO,'' a senior official said. \u2014 Prafulla Marpakwar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287535", "title": "450 new forest guards to cut down tree felling", "text": "PANAJI: The government will recruit around 450 new forest guards to prevent the illegal felling of forest trees, chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the assembly on Monday.Parrikar gave the assurance in response to a starred question by opposition leader Pratapsing Rane who wanted details of cases registered for illegal cutting of trees.Intervening in the discussions between MLAs and forests minister Alina Saldanha, Parrikar said that he was holding charge of the department before Saldanha's appointment recently.He said he has already instructed the forest officials to register cases of theft against persons caught for the illegal cutting of trees.Presently, the forest officials register cases under the Forests Act which allows for compounding of the cases. Parrikar said that theft cases have the more stringent penalty of imprisonment and that will serve as a better deterrent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289515", "title": "Limitless Records proudly presents Breakout", "text": "Limitless Records proudly presents the debut album by Cardiff based Temptasians with in new album 'Breakout'.The musically talented duo break on to the scene with their explosive album. Each track has been carefully composed with Live Percussion &amp; Instruments, no samples, no loops &amp; nothing reused, highlighting their desire to create quality music.The album features the legendary Balwinder Safri on the track 'Lakh' alongside the percussion of Sunil Kalyan &amp; Guitars of Paul Sampson alongwith the vocals of Meet Malkit in 'Botal &amp; Nachna' and Charanjit Channi.Also introducing BritAsia Superstar finalist Ranbir Daskai on the ballad. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286146", "title": "Karnataka MLA Suresh Babu arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Monday night arrested Karnataka MLA T H Suresh Babu from the city.On Sunday evening, the special team of ACB, which was tracking the movements of Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu, an accused in the cash-for-bail scam, found him on his way to meet an advocate over his anticipatory bail. The team laid a trap near advocate V Surendar Rao's house in Ashok Nagar.\"Suresh Babu came to the advocate's house at around 6 pm. When he came out of the house and got into his vehicle, we intercepted the vehicle and took the MLA into custody,\" an ACB official said.The Kampli MLA will currently be grilled by the ACB sleuths at their headquarters near Moazamjahi Market and would be produced before court on Tuesday.ACB has named eight people as accused in the scam where suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao was bribed for granting bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy, prime accused in the Obulapuram Mining Company scam currently being probed by the CBI.Apart from T H Suresh Babu, the accused list in the cash-for-bail scam includes Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy, suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son T Ravi Chandra, suspended judges D Prabhakar Rao, K Lakshminarasimha Rao, retired judge T V Chalapati Rao, history- sheeter P Yadagiri Rao and advocate Aditya. Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy is still on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15286954", "title": "Overcast skies give gloom, no rain", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Overcast skies continued to exaggerate hopes for rain in the city on Monday, but it did not rain as the monsoon's no-show continued in the city.The cloudy weather sowed seeds of hope in the minds of citizens who have been praying hard for the monsoon. Weather officials said that the clouds did not translate into rain as they are not getting enough moisture.\"The winds at the upper level are northerly. These winds are dry because of which the clouds are not getting any moisture support,\" weather officials told TOI.Officials said that while heavy rain was recorded in neighboring Madhya Pradesh (MP), there was some rain in south Gujarat and parts of east Gujarat including Panchmahals and Dahod. Kutch was completely dry.The state is staring at a grim monsoon scenario as the deficiency is as high 65% at the end of July. Saurashtra and Kutch are worst-hit with a 76% deficit.\"We were hoping for light showers on the occasion of the Dasha Ma visarjan on Saturday night and Shraavan Monday which is considered auspicious but the city remained dry unfortunately,\" said Neha Shah, a housewife in Satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15286956", "title": "Hope afloat: Water levels rise in reservoirs", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a major boon, the Narmada dam's reservoir on Monday received whopping 97,000 cusecs (cubic feet per seconds) of water, thanks to heavy rainfall in Madhya Pradesh. This, it is expected, will go a long way in helping the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) release water to save crops in central Gujarat, Ahmedabad and parts of Saurashtra, where the Narmada water reaches.\"The fresh water flow has led to a two meter rise in the reservoir level. At 117.43 meters now, the level is higher than it was a year ago,\" said SSNNL managing director S Jagadeesan. \"We expect a similar flow from the upstream in the next few days as more rains are expected in Madhya Pradesh. With such huge inflow of water into the Narmada dam, there would be no problem of drinking water. Kharif and rabi irrigation areas in the Narmada command are also safe,\" he added.However, officials revealed, the SSNNL's current strategy is to fill up as much of the Narmada reservoir as possible for future contingency, so that there may be enough water for the whole year.An official conceded, \"Right now, we are releasing as little water as possible from the dam. On Monday, we released just 12,127 cusecs of water - 8,021 cusecs into the main Narmada canal and 3,106 cusecs into the Narmada river.\"Narmada's full reservoir level is 121.94 meters. \"With fresh waters, the reservoir's live storage has reached 54 per cent of its capacity,\" the official said. \"It means that in four-and-a-half meters nearly as much more water, as has been received, can be stored.\"The Ukai dam's reservoir on river Tapi also received 1.97 lakh cusecs of water, owing to heavy rainfall in catchment area in Madhya Pradesh. This has taken the water level in the dam to 96 meters. Ukai's full reservoir level (FRL) is 105 meters.\"Thanks to fresh water in Ukai, it is now possible to give as many as five releases of water from the dam to save sugarcane, paddy and banana crops in the Ukai command area in south Gujarat. Two water releases can be given in August, another two in September and one in October,\" the official said. As of today, Ukai is 56 per cent empty, which means that the dam can easily receive more water for irrigation.Two other dams which received some water are Damanganga and Kadana. While Damanganga received 11,000 cusecs; Kadana received 2,465 cusecs.\"No water needs to be released from Damanganga, as its command area has got enough water. As of Kadana, only one water release can be made, which means there is still a problem for irrigating in Mahi command area,\" the official said. While the Kadana dam's water level has reached 61 per cent of the FRL, Damanganga's level has reached 55 per cent.As for dams in rest of Gujarat - Saurashtra, north Gujarat and Kutch; they drew a blank because of no rains in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286897", "title": "Lifestyle to blame for rising hypertension, diabetes-related deaths, study in Pune", "text": "PUNE: A changing lifestyle which has scant time for regular exercise is making more Puneites land up with complications related to hypertension, diabetes, anaemia and heart disease.During the last 10 years, more people have died from these complications, the health department has said in the Environment Status Report for 2011-12, which was tabled by the Pune Municipal Corporation on Monday.About 1,149 people died due to hypertension induced complications in 2011 as against a mere two in 2002, while the number of people dying due to diabetes-related complications has gone up to 1,343 in 2011 from just one in 2001, the report said. It has attributed the increase in deaths to unhealthy changes in urban lifestyle.\"On an average, the city registers 20,000 deaths each year and doctors attending to the people furnish causes of death to the civic body. We compiled the data related to lifestyle diseases on the basis of this information. Of the average 20,000 deaths, about 9,000 in 2011 are due to diseases resulting out of unhealthy lifestyles,\" said S T Pardeshi, health department chief.Doctors mention the immediate cause of death when they issue a death certificate. \"We categorise the deaths as per the cause listed by the doctor. Hence, we have not clubbed together deaths due to a long history of hypertension or diabetes,\" he added.The table also includes deaths caused by cardiac arrest, renal failure, chronic renal failure, HIV, chronic heart disease, sexually transmitted diseases among others, which are again lifestyle related, he said. The figures were collated from the city hospitals.\"In a fast-paced world, many people are falling prey to diabetes and hypertension. The cause of these diseases can be due to stress , lack of exercise, overeating or irregular eating habits and carelessness about one's health,\" Pardeshi added.According to doctors, lifestyle diseases are caused due to the way we live or the change in lifestyle due to advancements in society.Experts said exercise was lacking in many people's routine. Physical activity not only helps remain healthy but also increases life expectancy. Dedicating a minimum of 40-45 minutes daily for moderate to heavy exercise is a must. It can include brisk walking, going to the gym or any kind of natural sport.BOXDeaths due to complications arising out of hypertension and diabetesYearHypertension Diabetes2002212003234207200475368220058978812006948882200794198420089871,09020099891,10720101,0861,22820111,1491,343BOXHypertension isHigh blood pressure is a chronic medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is elevated. Normal blood pressure at rest is within the range of 100-140mmHg systolic (top reading) and 60-90mmHg diastolic (bottom reading). High blood pressure is said to be present if it is persistently at or above 140/90 mmHg. Hypertension is a major risk factor for stroke , heart attacks , heart failureBOX2Diabetes isA group of metabolic diseases in which a person has high blood sugar, either because the body does not produce enough insulin, or because cells do not respond to the insulin that is produced. Some of the health problems that diabetes can cause include cardiovascular disease, chronic renal failure and diabetic retinopathy (retinal damage).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286927", "title": "Over 70 k property tax defaulters in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: An RTI inquiry has revealed that more than 70,000 property holders in Pimpri-Chinchwad have not paid property tax dues, amounting to Rs 407.47 crore, in the past 10 years.The information was given by the property tax department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation in reply to an application under Right to Information (RTI) Act. The application was moved by Varsha Madigeri, group leader of BJP corporators, and Vilas Madigeri, vice-president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of BJP.The Madigeris have demanded action against the officials concerned in the tax department for causing loss to the municipal body.Of the 2.96 lakh properties in Pimpri-Chinchwad, nearly 2.43 lakh are residential, while the remaining are commercial. There are 39 defaulters who have dues over Rs 50 lakh each, with the total arrears running into Rs 146.18 crore.The reply states that 44 defaulters have not paid taxes in the range of Rs 25 lakh to Rs 50 lakh each. Their total dues amount to Rs 14.73 crore.There are 136 defaulters who have dues in the range of Rs 10 lakh to Rs 25 lakh, totaling Rs 20.47 crore in arrears; 256 defaulters owe Rs 5 to Rs 10 lakh each; 3,183 owe Rs 1 lakh to Rs 5 lakh; 4,760 defaulters owe Rs 50,000 to 1 lakh each.The largest number of defaulters (62,085) owe dues ranging from Rs 5,000 to 50,000. Their total arrears amounts to Rs 113.65 crore.Vilas Madegiri said the arrears be recovered without giving any concession. An inquiry should be conducted against the defaulting companies that have closed down.However, PCMC commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The arrears are not in the range of Rs 407 crore. Property tax to be collected for 2012-13 too has been shown as outstanding, which is not correct.\"Assistant commissioner Shahji Pawar said, \"The total arrears till March 31, 2012, was Rs 285.85 crore. Rupees 32.54 crore have been recovered till July 29.''Of the remaining Rs 253.31 crore, about Rs 61.05 crore is locked in court cases. \"We are taking legal opinion and working on the recovery. An amount of Rs 2.49 crore is locked in company liquidation cases, while Rs 47.77 crore is pending with the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority. As the state government has taken a decision to waive PCNTDA dues, we are checking the legalities in this regard,\" Pawar saidOf the Rs 253.31 crore, only Rs 71.08 crore is recoverable. The department is sending reminder letters and pre-seizure notices to recover the dues, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15286590", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority understates Gurgaon's population to tweak water figures", "text": "GURGAON: An affidavit filed by HUDA grossly underestimates the population of Gurgaon to be nine lakh, thereby unrealistically lowering the water requirement estimate of the city. The HUDA submission was made in response to the Punjab and Haryana high court ruling prohibiting new construction in Gurgaon without an undertaking on water management.The court is hearing a petition on the depleting groundwater table in the region.The HUDA affidavit, a copy of which is with TOI, was filed last Friday (July 27). The figure cited by HUDA, say petitioners, is highly understated and would only adversely affect the court ruling. The petitioners say they will challenge the claims by HUDA. \"This figure of nine lakh might just be the cumulative population of the 36 villages falling within MCG limits. According to official statistics, the population is over 20 lakh,\" said R S Rathee of Gurgaon Citizens' Council, the main petitioner in the case.The upcoming hearing in the case regarding the issuing of fresh licences by HUDA for any new real estate project in Gurgaon is on Tuesday. \"HUDA sanctions building plans while the department of Town and Country Planning issues licences which are issued on the condition that the developer shall make arrangements for water supply, sewerage, drainage, etc to the satisfaction of the competent authority till external services are made available for external infrastructure by HUDA...\" reads the submission made by HUDA.The affidavit by the petitioners states that the \"colonizer also seeks environmental clearance in which they disclose the source of water for construction purposes\".The document states that there is a shortfall of 40MGD of water under the current scenario which can be met once the pending work on NCR channel (expected by October this year) and the Gurgaon water supply (GWS) are in place. The document also states that approximately \"2.7MGD of water is being drawn from existing 77 tubewells in different areas\" for supply purposes. Naresh Kumar Pawar, the executive engineer, division III (representing HUDA in the case) was unavailable for comments on their submission statistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15289346", "title": "Labrador theft case accused held", "text": "RAJKOT: After evading cops for several weeks, Amit Mistry, who had fled after stealing a businessman's car along with his dog from Ahmedabad, has finally been caught in the police net.Mistry (30) was arrested on Sunday evening by Malviyanagar police officials, who had received a tip-off about his whereabouts near Big Bazaar from bike patrolling staff. After his arrest, Mistry confessed to having committed the theft.Mistry had stolen the car and labrador dog named 'Bravo' belonging to Ahmedabad-based businessman Shailesh Bhatt on July 4. Bhatt had kept his car and dog at Shrinathji Ashram in Naroda, Ahmedabad, before starting off on a pilgrimage. The theft occurred while he was in Amarnath, Jammu and Kashmir.Bhatt, who loved his dog like his family member, came to Rajkot in search of him. Here he came to know that Bravo might have been taken to Morbi where Mistry worked earlier. The dog was finally found in the possession of a ceramic industry owner, who had bought it from Mistry for Rs 3,600.Along with the dog, the car was also recovered, which Mistry had abandoned near Amravati in Maharashtra. However, Mistry was still at large.On Sunday at 7.30 pm, Maliviyanagar bike patrolling staff constable Shailendragiri received a tip-off about Mistry's sighting near Big Bazaar. Shailendragiri said he knew Mistry earlier. \"Mistry is a history-sheeter involved in as many as 10 bike thefts in the past. In fact, it was me who had arrested and interrogated him earlier. So when Bhatt came to us and gave his physical description and instinctively knew it was Mistry,\" Shailendragiri said.Meanwhile, Mistry has been handed over to Naroda police officials from Ahmedabad, who were here on Monday morning to secure his custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287769", "title": "Main accused sent to juvenile remand home", "text": "PATNA: The main accused of Ria (name changed) gang rape case, who happened to be her boyfriend, was sent to juvenile remand home by a local court here on Monday after he claimed that he was a minor.Appearing before the court, he told the judge that he was born in 1995 and was, therefore, a minor. The court then directed that he be sent to juvenile remand home. Another accused, Rahul Lama alias Rishabh was sent to Beur Central Jail here.The city police said five of the six accused in the gang rape case are now in police net and the confusion about their names has been cleared. Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"Police had thoroughly investigated the case and cleared the confusion regarding the names. Rahul Lama was introduced as Rishabh to Ria while Dinesh, domestic help of the flat owner's son Sushant, was presented as Saurav before her. Ria was not familiar with all of the boys, so she might have got confused with the names in her statement.\"Shivendra Priyadarshi, superintendent, Beur Central Jail, said, \"Three accused in the gang rape case have been lodged in the jail. Sushant and Lama were lodged in quarantine ward while Rahul alias Ranvijay was sent to his respective cell.\"The elder brother of the main accused accompanied him to the court. Some of the onlookers jeered the two boys presented in the court, saying, \"Aisa beta hone se beaulad rahna achcha hain (it is better not to have a child than to have a child like him).\"The case grabbed attention when a State Commission for Women (SCW) member went to meet the girl after learning about the sleazy video going viral in the city for 10 days. SCW member Chandramukhi Devi forwarded a complaint on July 24 to DGP Abhayanand and an FIR was lodged in this regard with the Sultanganj Mahila police station the same evening.However, in her complaint, Ria mentioned that she knew the main accused and he had even proposed to her several times. But after being provoked by a friend, their relationship started getting strained and in a bid to take revenge, the accused attempted such a heinous act, she alleged in her statement to the SCW.Investigations in the case was carried out by a police team led by Patna (city) SP Jayant Kant and comprising Manish Kumar Sinha, DSP, Sachivalay, Ishwarchandra Vidyasagar , SHO, Shastrinagar, Ranjita Sinha, SHO, Sultanganj Mahila police station, and a few other sub-inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286231", "title": "Power grid failure plunges city into darkness", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A massive northern grid failure threw the life out of gear in the city on Monday morning. The grid failure that occurred around 2:30am plunged the city into darkness. Water supply was also affected.Offices of power, railways and Jal Sansthan were flooded with calls from people who wanted to know the reasons behind the grim situation. In some localities, people thronged the power sub-stations.Rail traffic in the region was also hit and most of the long distance trains were running 4 to 5 hours behind schedule. According to railway officials, 70 trains passing through Allahabad Junction were running late.NCR public relation officer Amit Malviya said due to the gird failure, electric supply to over-head equipment was affected which brought the train movement to a halt in the early hours of Monday. However, the train movement resumed from 6:15am.Several trains including New-Delhi Howarh Rajdhani Express, New-Delhi Sealdah Rajdhani Express, Prayagraj Express, Purshottam Express, Janta Express, Sangam Express and others were delayed by several hours.Passengers swarmed the enquiry office at the station to know about the arrival/departure of trains.As the passengers were unable to know the exact position of the different trains, they created ruckus at the Allahabad junction. Passengers also shouted slogans when they failed to get the exact schedules of the trains.The power officials said the snag occurred at the Northern Gird supplying electricity to UP and other states. Spokesperson of the power department, Mohd Firoz said temporary arrangements were made to provide electricity restoring essential services. Electricity was supplied from a power plant in Sasaram (Bihar) and power supply was restored in the city by 2pm, he added.Officials said one or two hours power supply was given in many localities during morning hours so that people could start their routine work. The movement of trains in the North Central Railway region came to a grinding halt following the northern grid failure on early Monday. As the electric supply to the OHE (Over Head Equipments) which gives power to the electric engine was affected, many trains were stranded in the NCR zone. Movement of about 70 trains passing through the Allahabad railway junction was affected. However, the train movement resumed at 6:15am when the power was restored to the trains.According to reports, northern grid failure tripped at around 2:30am. As a result, many trains running in Allahabad, Agra and Jhansi divisions came to a grinding halt. The movement of trains in Ghaziabad-Mughalsarai section of the Allahabad division was also hit.Power supply in the Ghaziabad-Mughalsarai section was gradually restored. First, the electric supply to the OHE was provided in the Dagmagpur-Mughasarai section. Then, power supply was restored at the Manauri section and lastly power supply in the Tundla-Faruukahabad section was also restored.The supply to the OHE in the Allahabad division of NCR was restored at about 6:15am. Power supply to the Agra and Jhansi division of NCR was restored by 6:30am.The power disruption resulted in the delayed movement of several trains passing through Allahabad railway junction. Howrah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express was running late by six hours while Sealdah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express and Dibrugarh-New Delhi Rajdhani Express were delyed by more than six hours at Allahabad junction.Besides, train number 14164 Sangam Express was delayed by six hours, train number 12428 New Delhi-Rewa Express arrived six hours behind schedule, train number 14512 Nauchandi Express was also late by six hours while train number 13112 Lal Quila Express was delayed by four hours.Train number 14218 Unchahar Express also arrived late, train number 14056 Brahmaputra Mail was delayed by six hours while train number 12502 Poorvauttar Sampark Kranti was delayed by over five hours.Meanwhile, passengers at the Allahabad railway junction encountered different problems due to the late running of the trains. There was large crowding at the enquiry counters of the Allahabad railway junction to get latest updates about the movement of the trains.Most of the passengers complained about not getting the latest position of the movement of the trains and they resented their anger towards the railway administration.NCR public relation officer Amit Malviya said food packets were distributed to the passengers of New Delhi-Sealdah Rajdhani Express, New Delhi-Howrah, Rajdhani Express and New Delhi-Dibrugarh Rajdhani Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15286397", "title": "Iran, world\u2019s primary sponsor of state terrorism: Israel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iran is the world's primary sponsor of state terrorism, says Israel. In a response to the TOI report on Iran being the culprit behind the attack on an Israeli diplomat on February 13, the Israeli Embassy said, \"We have no doubt that the government of Iran is responsible for the terrorist attack against an Israeli diplomat and three Indian nationals in the heart of New Delhi on the 13/2.\"The Delhi Police report holding Iran's Revolutionary Guards responsible for the February attack comes at an uncomfortable time. In a few weeks, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is scheduled to travel to Iran for the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) summit on August 30-31. Given Iran's current standing of being isolated on account of its nuclear ambitions, Singh's visit is expected to raise eyebrows among West Asian nations.In effect, the PM will travel to a country which, according to Indian investigators, has sponsored a terror attack on Indian soil in violation of the Vienna Convention. The Indian government has taken a hardline attitude to Pakistan that has also engaged in state sponsorship of terrorism in India. It is expected Singh will take up this issue with the Iranian authorities when he visits Teheran . Iran is reeling under crippling sanctions against its energy and financial sectors, imposed by the US and the European Union ( EU ).The Indian government maintains that Indian PMs have not missed a single NAM summit except in 1979. However, given the ongoing tense politics in West Asia, its unlikely the Arab countries, whom India is busy wooing, will approve of New Delhi's decision. Sources said many Arab states are likely to stay away from the summit, including some south-east Asian countries.The Israel statement said, \"This (Iran) is the same government that stands behind a long chain of attempts to kill innocent Israelis and Jews all over the world, that calls for the destruction of Israel and that continues it's relentless clandestine effort to acquire nuclear weapons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286685", "title": "Used condoms found in Nagpur University toilet", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University is well known for lack of hygiene and cleanliness at its campuses, particularly its hostels. However, the administration itself was shocked on Monday when used condoms were found in a toilet at NU's administrative block opposite Maharajbagh.Usually officials deny the reality, and blame the media for showing the university in poor light. However, the proof found on Monday sent the lethargic administration into a tizzy. Authorities woke up from their slumber to go into damage control mode, but only after the media had take pictures of the sad state of affairs.A shocked registrar Mahesh Yenkie told TOI that the staff responsible for cleaning toilets was skipping work too often, of late, and therefore, the university had decided to outsource this work to private parties. \"It's certainly not good for an academic institution when such things are found. But someone playing mischief can't be ruled out,\" he said, while admitting that unhygienic toilets were certainly a major problem.NU employees themselves had complained several times about stinking toilets, which lack even basic facilities like water taps and have not been cleaned thoroughly in years. Just a glance at toilets used by the employees will reveal the horrifying picture, with seats broken, white walls completely covered with spit stains, and missing water pipes and taps. Due to broken pipes and lack of maintenance, there is a severe problem of water leakage all over the heritage building, which is putting the structure in jeopardy.NU had earmarked Rs6.24 crore for maintenance of all its buildings in this year's budget in March, but four months later not a single penny has been spent so far. \"NU has more than enough funds for everything and we had earmarked Rs6.24 crore for maintenance of all buildings, including all toilets. It's up to the concerned department to spend the money,\" said finance and accounts officer (FAO) Puran Meshram.He said that last year too a provision of Rs5 crore was made in the budget for the same purpose. \"Ask the concerned officials where the funds went rather than blaming the finance department,\" he said.Employees took a dig at the administration, particularly vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal for splurging precious money belonging to the university on purchasing a luxury sedan ( Skoda ) for Rs16 lakh while neglecting maintenance of toilets citing funds crunch. They claimed that condoms in toilet were a regular feature in the absence of maintenance, which forces staff to urinate in the open most of the times. On the other hand, all top officials, including VC and registrar have toilets attached to their chambers and therefore they hardly bother to visit the ones used by the employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kendraprada,", "code": "15290259", "title": "Pro-Posco villagers recount their woes", "text": "KENDRAPRADA,: Pro-Posco villagers residing at camps in Jagatsinghpur's Badagabapur village told senior government officials about their plight on Monday. These 300 villagers were driven out of Dhinkia gram panchayat by those opposing the Posco plant. \"We were driven out of our village Gobindapur in Dhinkia gram panchayat for supporting Posco five years ago. Now we want to return home. We are not being allowed into our land, betel vines and cashewnut farms by anti-land acquisition villagers. We are languishing in this camp,\" said Sangram Padhiari (34 ) to RDC (central) Arabinda Padhi. Padhiari lives in the camp with six members of his family.\"We lead a miserable life in this camp. Nine out of the 12 latrines built in this camp have been badly damaged. We have to wait in queue for long hours to use the lavatories and bathrooms in the camp,\" said Pankajini Padhiari (64) of Dhinkia. The RDC with other officials visited the camp to review the situation.\"We have been living in the camp for the last five years. We are given Rs 20 a day to maintain our families, which is highly insufficient,\" said Chandan Mohanty (52) of Dhinkia village who resides in two small tin rooms with his wife, two sons and a daughter. Senior government officials also visited Noliasahi, Polanga, Nuagaon and other villages in Jagatsinghpur district at the proposed steel plant site of Posco on Monday. They also held a meeting in Paradip. Padhi said \"A Rehabilitation Periphery Development Advisory Committee ( RPDC) meeting will be held in Jagatsinghpur to resolve land acquisition, compensation, rehabilitation and other issues for Posco steel plant. The authorities have already acquired 2,000 acres of land in Nuagaon and Gadakujang gram panchayats and build a 15-km long road from Balimara to Ersama for the proposed steel plant. I also discussed about the status report and future course of action of the steel plant project with officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286091", "title": "\u2018Restoration\u2019 of heritage sites on", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a much belated action, GHMC officials along with officials from the tourism department and the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) on Monday began cracking the whip on illegal construction activity around heritage monuments in the city. In a little more than a month's time the Unesco team is slated to visit the city to inspect various sites for awarding them the coveted World Heritage tag.The crackdown began with the demolition of three floors of an under construction ground plus five (G+5) building in Diamond Hills Colony near the Qutub Shahi Tombs. Officials of the GHMC said that they have identified 13 such structures constructed in violation of the rules around the royal necropolis.Sources from the GHMC pointed out that according to the Ancient Monuments and Archeological Sites and Remains Act, there cannot be any structures within 300 metres of a heritage site. They added that building stipulations pertaining to the area restrict construction activity to ground plus two (G+2) only and that the building being demolished had violated both the building rules. Mohiuddin, city planner, Central Zone said, \"We have given notices to all the 13 new structures which have come up near the Qutub Shahi Tombs. Of the 13, two or three are already occupied by residents. We will demolish the top three floors of the building as it violates building rules and regulations. Further, it is within 200 metres of the boundary wall of the tombs and was the most glaring encroachment among the 13 buildings.\"Chandana Khan, special chief secretary, department of tourism said that the illegal structures and encroachments were being cleared ahead of the Unesco team's visit. \"The team is expected to reach the city by September. We cannot allow such illegal structures within the 300 metre buffer zone,\" she said.Residents of the area said that illegal construction activity should have been contained right at the initial stage.They pointed to the tacit collusion between builders and GHMC's various cells. An official on the condition of anonymity said, \"The enforcement cell should have fined the builder as soon as sand and other building material were dumped on the roads. It is better to nip the problem in the bud than to engage teams in demolition of buildings otherwise both parties will suffer losses.\"The building being demolished belongs to an NRI couple and its construction was being supervised by their uncle Abdul Raheem Khan who maintained that he received no warning letter from the authorities. \"I only got a final notice on Saturday demanding that I demolish the top three floors of the building within 24 hours. I didn't even get a warning letter. In fact, I went with Jubilee Hills MLA Vishnuvardhan Reddy to see MAUD minister Maheedhar Reddy to request him to do something about the issue. They had assured me that they would not let the authorities bother me till Ramzan but the demolition began on Monday.\"Times ViewIt's an all too familiar ritual. Authorities wake up to the so-called restoration of heritage monuments and their precincts that otherwise gather the dust of neglect. While they are busy pulling down illegal structures now, there are no answers as to how they were allowed to come up in the first place. Cosmetic activities at the last minute may not be able to get the city's monuments the honour they deserve and it's time the government realizes the treasure of heritage it has been ignoring for years and work towards its conservation and protection against encroachments through the year and not just when an inspection is scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289116", "title": "Rs. 6 cr for Nag\u2019s Love Story satellite rights", "text": "The buzz doing the rounds in Tollywood is that the satellite rights of upcoming Nagarjuna's biggie Love Story have fetched its producers a cool Rs.6 crores. And this is the one of the biggest amount that a Telugu film has fetched for screening on television.Trade sources say that a popular regional channel has bagged the satellite rights of Nagarjuna's under-production film Love Story for Rs. 6 crores, and this is much before the film completes its 50% of its shooting. Nag's new look in this film has already generated great buzz and the latest satellite deal will further up the ante.The film stars Nagarjuna along with Nayanathara and is directed by Dasarath. Meera Chopra, who shot to fame with films like \"Vaana\" and \"Bangaram\", is all set to make a comeback in Tollywood with this film. SS Thaman is composing the music for this film, which has Nag playing the role of an NRI. Chandan Reddy is producing the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15272183", "title": "I need better written roles, says Asin", "text": "South import Asin, who has carved a place for herself in Bollywood , still craves for better roles that are written well. After making a successful debut opposite Aamir Khan in 2008 blockbuster 'Ghajini', she followed it up with films like 'Ready', 'Housefull 2' and 'Bol Bachchan'. But she feels more is yet to come.\"I am happy I have come this far here (Bollywood) on my own without godfathers, grandfathers or millionaire boyfriends. It is rare for an artist to get acceptance by the north as well as the south audiences, and I have thankfully managed that,\" Asin told PTI in an exclusive interview.\"But one measures ones success based on what one has achieved so far in comparison to what one is capable of. And I feel I am capable of much more and for that I need better written roles. I just hope that comes my way,\" she said.With the huge success of 'Bol Bachchan', it seems comedy is a lucky genre for Asin but the actress denies it saying it is all about making the right choices. \"I don't attribute any \"luck\" to Bol Bachchan 's success. It was an entertaining, commercial film which was bound to do well and I guess I have the knack of picking up such universally appealing, fun, masala movies which turn to be successful,\" Asin said.\"A lot of this so called 'luck' is a combination of making the right choices and hard work,\" she said. Having tasted success with light hearted films like 'Ready', 'Housefull 2', 'Bol Bachchan', Asin says it is just a coincidence that she has all bubbly movies in her kitty.So does she see herself doing only comedies? \"It was just a coincidence that these three movies came to me back-to-back and they were big projects and people would call me foolish if I would have turned them down. Though I love doing comedy, I would also like to explore other genres. I hope such an opportunity comes my way,\" she said.Despite so many comedy films churning out every year, one hasn't seen a heroine at the centre of a comedy film. On which Asin feels most of the films are restricted to heroes. \"I think not just in terms of comedy films that heroes are in the centre, a lot of the stories of our films have meaty parts restricted only to the heroes. I hope that changes,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai/new delhi", "code": "15287451", "title": "Safety checks are just an eyewash", "text": "CHENNAI/NEW DELHI: Railways maintenance staff say Monday's disaster was waiting to happen, as shortage of staff, scarcity of components and pressure to operate trains on time make them skip mandatory overhauling of electrical components, especially wiring inside coaches. \"Many times components like switches, alternators and regulators are taken from sick coaches and installed in new ones. Alternators are used to generate power when train runs and a regulator is used to control voltage. When these components malfunction, there is a possibility of a voltage surge. The fire seems to have been caused by a short circuit,\" said a technician. \"Coaches are checked for defects in the undercarriage, wheels and equipment. But, electrical fixtures are given only a perfunctory check. Even broken fixtures are not changed when a train is readied for operation. In AC coaches battery is charged without checking whether it is working well,\" said a railway staffer.Rules say that all electrical items should be replaced periodically, when midlife overhauling is done every 12 years. But, \"in most of the cases wiring is not changed. The coach that caught fire was due for its periodic overhaul next year,\" said an official.The emphasis now is only on AC travellers who constitute one-third of rail passengers. In the sleeper coaches, only the rexin of the seats and the side window panels of the train are fire resistant. Fire extinguishers are found only in AC coaches and the floor vinyl panel and curtains of only coaches used in Rajdhanis, Shatabdis and Durantos are fire resistant. Railways standing committee chairman on Monday promised to work out ways to prevent recurrence. \"The next meeting of the standing committee will discuss steps to be taken to prevent recurrence of such gory incidents and present it to the Parliament for consideration,\" he said in a statement.For more than six months, the ministry of railways has been sitting on the recommendations by a panel headed by nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar to improve safety of trains. Kakodkar who went into reasons of various accidents had suggested that trains should have flame detection sound alarms. Eyewitnesses of the Nellore accident said they woke up only after the fire had spread. he panel had noted that the possibility of fire accidents is highest between 2pm to 6am. The Tamil Nadu Express compartment caught fire at 4:20 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15287157", "title": "Tapping drinking water: Collector to inspect quarries", "text": "KOCHI: To speed up the project to tap drinking water from abandoned quarries, a team led by district collector P I Sheik Pareeth will inspect the quarries near Kakkanad in the first week of August. Pareeth said the team would conduct feasibility studies and decide on the type of purifying plant to be used for the project.\"We have already identified several quarries where the project can be implemented effectively. Before going all out, we are planning to launch a pilot project in one of the quarries in Kakkanad. If that succeeds, we will extend the experiment to other quarries,\" he said.During the inspection, the technical team will check the quality of water and decide on the type of membrane to be used for the purifier. \"We have already completed talks with the implementing agency regarding the design of the purifying plant; we expect to launch the pilot project in a month's time,\" the collector said.Along with the inspection, the district administration will also hold talks with the electricity board (KSEB) on the power needed for running the plant. Pareeth said in case the talks with the KSEB failed, the administration would install generators to operate the plant. The initiative to install water purifiers that use reverse osmosis process was announced by the collector in April. Authorities aim to purify nearly 40,000 litres of drinking water a day.Pareeth said there were about 800 abandoned quarries in the district and that the administration expected to cut down the problem of drinking water scarcity in the district by at least half through the project.Once the project gets started, the administration plans to store water in tanks built near the purifiers and supply it through tankers and pipes to different parts of the district.A team led by district collector P I Sheik Pareeth will inspect the quarries near Kakkanad in the first week of August. During the inspection, the technical team will check the quality of water and decide on the type of membrane to be used for the purifier. Along with the inspection, the district administration will also hold talks with KSEB on the power needed for running the plant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15290273", "title": "Premier cancer hospital reels under staff crunch", "text": "CUTTACK: The Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre (AHRCC), the only government-run cancer hospital in the state, is grappling with acute shortage of staff. Out of the 55 sanctioned posts of doctors, 25 are lying vacant in the 241-bed hospital.\"Patients from neighboring states like West Bengal , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand and Bihar also come for treatment because AHRCC is the only government-run cancer hospital in the eastern region,\" said a doctor of the hospital. Thirty doctors working in the hospital find it difficult to attend to the ever increasing number of patients, he added.Sources said more than 10,000 patients are admitted in the hospital established in 1981. Though it had aimed to provide the best treatment to cancer patients, the hospital is facing shortage of manpower since its inception. \"There is an immediate need to fill up the vacant posts to manage the heavy rush. The state government should recruit at least 30 more oncologists to provide better facilities to patients,\" said a senior doctor of the hospital.The cancer hospital has different departments like head and neck, surgical oncology, gynaecology, radio diagnosis, paediatric, medical physics, anaesthesia and posts are vacant in almost all departments. For example, out of the six sanctioned posts of anaesthetists, three are vacant.The hospital is reeling under the dearth of nurses too. There are only 80 nurses to manage over 350 patients. \"The cancer patients require more care as they undergo radiotherapy and chemotherapy but the hospital lacks adequate number of nurses,\" said a nurse of the hospital.However, the director of AHRCC stated that steps are being taken to fill up the vacancies. \"We have started recruitments and in the first phase seven doctors have been recruited. We are trying to fill up all the vacancies at the earliest,\" said Sukdev Nayak, director of AHRCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285771", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express fire: Survivors say they heard cracker blast", "text": "HYDERABAD: Survivors of the fire mishap in the ill-fated S11 compartment of the Tamil Nadu Express told investigators that they had heard the sound of firecrackers going off inside the coach.Some of the passengers who managed to escape to safety told Government Railway Police (GRP), that they had heard a noise of firecrackers between berths 40 and 44 just before the fire broke out.Meanwhile, a team of APFSL experts are on their way to Nellore to examine the charred bogie.According to the passengers, the noise was followed by power failure before a fire broke out in the coach's ceiling and quickly spread through the compartment with thick smoke engulfing the passengers, informed Nellore GRP sub-inpector (SI) K Srinivasa Chary.S Prakash Singh, a 51-year-old passenger who was allotted berth 33, told police that he was woke up by the sound of a tubelight cracking whereupon he jumped down from his berth. \"Singh said that some passengers fell on top of him but he somehow managed to crawl into the adjacent compartment,\" the SI told TOI.The survivors informed GRP that most of the victims had died due to asphyxiation and in the stampede caused in the panic of fire. All the doors of the compartment had been locked at the time and it was those that still managed to sneak into the adjacent S10 and S12 bogies through the vestibule who escaped with their lives.\"The passengers could not utilize the emergency door as at the time of the accident, a double engine goods train was passing on the adjacent track. The goods train took about five minutes to pass in which time several passengers had already succumbed,\" the SI said.VSK Kaumudi, the additional DG of Railways who visited the spot, said it was too early to say anything definitive on the cause of the accident. \"We are in the process of recording statements of eyewitnesses. An Andhra Pradesh Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL) team will be coming to Nellore to examine the charred bogie and the investigation will continue from there,\" the ADG said.The team of forensic experts in question was on its way to Nellore railway station where the charred bogie has been kept.Meanwhile, GRP have booked a case under section 174 of CrPC and Nellore DSRP K Srinivas Rao has been appointed as the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15287563", "title": "Margao municipal council yet to collect revenue of 4.73cr", "text": "MARGAO: Rupees four crore, seventy three lakh and twenty thousand; and still counting.That's the amount due to the Margao municipal council (MMC) by way of house tax and shop rentals.However, for the recovery team of the MMC headed by Anil Bandodkar, it's an arduous, yet thankless job to trace the thousands of houses and deliver demand notices to the defaulting owners.\"It's not an easy task by any standards. Yet, for the last one year or so, we have managed to recover substantial outstandings, as we have succeeded in persuading the defaulters to pay up. On an average, an amount of 35-40 lakh is being recovered every month,\" said an officer of the taxation department, who is a part of the recovery team.What has added to the problems of the recovery team is that in many cases, the addresses of the house owners as entered in the MMC records are either wrong or illegible.\"It happens so very often that we climb up stairs upto the third floor only to find that somebody else is staying in the given address. We then have to make enquiries and track down the real owner's house to deliver the demand notice,\" an official said, requesting anonymity.Accounts and taxation officer, Damodar Yelekar, when contacted, attributed the issue of incorrect addresses to the \"faulty\" procedure being followed by the MMC years ago.\"This may have happened because the occupancy certificates were issued first and the assessment for house tax was done much later, perhaps without even physically verifying the addresses. This has also led to many houses escaping the tax net. However, we have done away with this method now. Assessment of houses for the purpose of house tax is now done at the time of issuing the occupancy certificates itself,\" Yelekar told TOI.As regards the steps taken by the MMC to expedite the recovery process, Yelekar said that tough measures will be taken against the defaulters soon.\"We have issued demand notices to several hundreds of house owners who have accumulated huge arrears of house tax. They have been given a time of upto 15 days to clear the tax bills. However, if they fail to do so within this time, 'warrants of distress' will be issued to them and a further 15 days of time to pay up.If they still fail to cough up the money in that period, the MMC will be then free to attach the property of the defaulter in a bid to recover the outstanding. The chief officer has already issued necessary instructions in that regard to the taxation department,\" Yelekar said.The MMC is also facing a rather odd situation on the house tax front. While there are around 40,000 households that are assessed for house tax, sources said, there would be at least 15,000 to 20,000 more houses which do not have any house numbers. The MMC's attempt at bringing those unassessed houses into the tax net a few years ago ended in a fiasco as the task was aborted mid-way.If Margao municipal council cannot find houses in its jurisdiction, who can be expected to? It is the council that issues occupancy certificates and asses the houses for tax purposes. If they can't find the houses it implies that inspections were never carried out. It is not enough for the administration to now attempt to set things right, what is required is the political will to collect the huge amount of outstanding tax arrears. Only then will the exercise bear fruit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286376", "title": "City, rural cops fuzzy over parking for 'pheri' at Trimbakeshwar hill", "text": "NASHIK: Parking arrangements for devotees planning to visit Trimbakeshwar on August 6 for Shravan Pheri has seen some notable confusion as the city and the rural police are undecided on the issue.The 'pheri' sees thousands of pilgrims from Nashik district and various parts of the stateembark on the tedious 20 km and 40 km walk around the Bramhagiri mountain in Trimbakeshwar as a mark of devotion to Shiva on the third Monday of Shravan month.In a meeting at the district collectorate, it was decided that pilgrims from Nashik proceeding towards Trimbakeshwar would park their vehicles at Golf Club grounds on Trimbak Road opposite Civil Hospital in the city, and would then take an MSRTC bus to reach the Trimbakeshwar temple, about 30 km away.However, the city police have reportedly objected to the same considering that pilgrims coming from various parts of the district and state would find the idea of parking vehicles 30 km away from Timbakeshwar and then take state transport buses, impractical.Informing more in this regard, DCP Sanjeev Diwan said that it would not be feasible from a practical standpoint to distinguish between pilgrims and general public in the city.\"There should be a parking arrangement a couple of kilometres away from Trimbakeshwar like it is done every year. You cannot expect pilgrims from Satpur to come all the way to the city park their vehicle at the Golf Club grounds in the city and then take a bus from the city to Trimbakeshwar,\" Diwan said.\"If the pilgrims are expected to do so, a proper notification is expected,\" he added. The DCP however, said that one more meeting is expected in a day or two for an amicable solution.Meanwhile, superintendent of police (rural) Pravin Padwal also said that a decision will be reached sooner rather than later. Earlier, pilgrims could take their vehicles all the way up to Khambale village which is 12 kilometres away from Trimbakeshwar, park their vehicles at the village and then board a state transport bus to Trimbakeshwar before starting on the walk around the hill.As of now it is unclear if a person residing anywhere between Satpur and Trimbakeshwar would get a bus from Satpur or whether he would have the choice of taking his vehicle till Khambale. If that is allowed, it would defeat the purpose of asking others to park vehicles in Nashik city and take a bus to Trimbakeshwar.Further, it is also unclear who will monitor private vehicles on Trimbak Road. This year, the rural police, have made strict security arrangements by deploying nearly a 1,000 police employees in Trimbakeshwar along the route to the hill and around it. Close to 14 close circuit television cameras are expected to be installed along the route and within the temple;s premises.500 home guards will also be deployed and nearly 60 police officials will constantly survey security. Cell phones will not be allowed inside the temple, authorities said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15284404", "title": "Northern grid collapse: A disaster just waiting to happen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday's blackout in nine northern states following a grid collapse was a disaster waiting to happen. With most states in the region facing perennial shortages of power, they are prone to drawing more than their share from the grid, leaving it precariously poised.Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan are notorious among load despatchers for their wanton disregard of planned drawal. All are agricultural states and also house major industries. But successive state governments have done precious little to ramp up generation capacity. This has created a wide demand-supply mismatch. The current dry spell has worsened the situation, sparking a rush for power from the farming sector. Overdrawal, or sucking more than the scheduled quantity, is quite common in the northern grid. Drawing more or less power changes the frequency, which can change the voltage and trip the network.In spite of a penalty imposed on each unit of overdrawn power, it still works out cheaper for states than buying electricity from the open market. And even if a state buys from the spot market in a contingency, wheeling the power could pose a problem since there's no guarantee the grid would have spare capacity at that point. But what explains the insufficient generation capacity in the first place? One major reason, though not the only one, is that state electricity boards are almost without exception cash-starved. Governments that insist on free power to the farm sector and other such populist measures clearly have contributed to that situation.Given the demand-supply mismatch and the consequent temptation to draw more than their share, a 2002 official report had warned that stripping the national transmission utility of powers to regulate electricity flow in the network would increase the threat of major blackouts. The prophecy appears to have come true on Monday.The report, prepared by a team of officials after studying power reforms in China, stressed the need to keep control over electricity flow with PowerGrid Corporation, which operates the grid. But the Centre carved out a separate entity, Power System Operation Corporation, to manage power despatch. \"The grid collapse is an administrative failure. It shows the fallacy of separating grid and load despatch operations. PowerGrid's powers to enforce grid discipline has been diluted by creation of a separate entity for managing despatch,\" R P Singh, who served as PowerGrid chairman for almost a decade, told ToI.\"I cannot comment on the reason for today's grid collapse. But discipline in respect of drawal of power and maintenance of frequency is necessary for operation of a grid. Overdrawal has become easier with interconnect. So there is need to give the load despatch centres more statutory and enforcement powers,\" former power secretary Anil Razdan told TOI. \"None of our states have a contingency plan. They do not have capacity booked with generation companies or grid for a situation where, say, one of their own plants go on the blink or demand suddenly rises. They neither plan for 24X7 supply nor are ready to pay. If you book capacity you have to pay,\" Razdan said.PowerGrid chairman A M Nayak, however, is confident of enforcing grid discipline. \"We have a robust and modern system. I am sure we tackle situations in future also.\"But the bottomline is that the grid is only the courier. If there isn't enough to go around, disciplining the grid can at best ensure that everyone suffers equally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286858", "title": "Two killed in separate bike accidents", "text": "PUNE: Two motorcycle riders were killed in separate accidents in the city on Sunday.Narendra Ramkrishna More (49) of Warje died after the motorcycle he was riding skidded at Lullanagar, around 10 am on Sunday.Sub-inspector M N Nagargoje of the Wanowrie police station said that More was heading towards Lullanagar from Market Yard. When he approached the chowk at Lullanagar, his motorcycle skidded and he fell. More sustained severe head injuries. He was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival.The second accident took place at Yerawada around 7.30 pm, in which motorcycle rider Manohar Sakat (38) died after he was knocked down by a mini-bus. The Yerawada police said Sakat was a resident of Shantinagar, Yerawada. The police have arrested bus driver Santosh Subhash Godse (33) of Chandannagar for negligent driving.Assistant police inspector A D Sonavane is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287281", "title": "Lateral entry students find engg classes tough", "text": "CHENNAI: Kavya Satishkumar (name changed) finished at the top of her class in a polytechnic college in 2011 with an aggregate of 93%. She joined a leading engineering college with high hopes, but was shocked to find she couldn't understand a word of what was being taught in class.\"I joined through the management quota and started attending classes two weeks after the college reopened for the second year. For the first couple of weeks everything sounded like Greek and Latin,\" said Kavya, who joined a polytechnic college after Class 10 and got into a leading engineering college in the second year through the lateral entry admission system.Academics say it is a boon for those deciding to pursue engineering after realising they are doing well in technical courses, but the timing is not right. Students admitted in the government quota through the lateral system join even later. Such students face the double burden of not only catching up on some of the school maths and physics portions they missed studying in school and the first year portions that are continued in the second year, but also have to keep pace with their classmates who have a month's headstart on them.This year, lateral entry counselling began four days later than last year. \"By the time counselling is over, more than a month's classes would have been completed. Students joining at the end would have missed writing two unit tests, scores of which are added to the internal assessment,\" said educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran.Lateral entry students feel the process should start much earlier, so they have time to settle down and get a running start on the engineering portions.Students who join lateral entry counselling feel the process should start much earlier, so they have time to settle down and get a running start on the engineering portions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15287639", "title": "Socorro locals fight urbanization of village", "text": "MAPUSA: A demand for convening a special gram sabha to discuss concerns regarding multi-storey building projects, protection of green cover, scientific disposal of garbage and formation of a village development committee dominated the Socorro gram sabha held on Sunday morning.The meeting saw attendance in large numbers with some residents attending their first gram sabha as they were worried at the spurt of multi-storey buildings and housing complexes coming up rapidly in the village. The meeting saw attendance from a large number of residents of Maina, who were grieved at the panchayat granting a construction licence to the first four-storey building complex in the vaddo, which is among a few wards that still retains its traditional charm. Maina residents Melvyn Fernandes and Savio D'Souza brought to the notice of the gram sabha that the character of the village was being changed by multi-storey buildings coming up in Socorro, which is known for its tranquility, lush green forest cover, flora and fauna.Linda D'Souza, a resident of Ambirna, demanded that the panchayat should not give permission for such projects.Sarpanch Sheetal Arolkar said that the panchayat goes by plans and zoning approved by the town and country planning department.When it was brought to her notice that builders cut down trees much beyond the number which the license specified, the sarpanch agreed to write to the forest department to see that trees will not be clandestinely cut down.Agnel Fernandes, a resident of Ambirna, demanded to know why the panchayat was shying away from discussing the issue of building complexes at the gram sabha. When residents questioned over building complexes being built in forest areas, the sarpanch replied that government permissions were given as per the zoning.However, residents alleged that zones are being changed by builders after greasing palms of corrupt government officials.At this, the gram sabha members demanded that a special or extraordinary gram sabha be convened to discuss the issue of giving permissions to construction of residential and building complexes.On a proposal moved by Dinesh Bhobe and Dr Aditya Barve, a village development committee and garbage committee were constituted.The sarpanch also said that a request would be made to the Serula communidade for land admeasuring 2,500 sq m for disposal and treatment of garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287767", "title": "Waterlogging hits Patliputra industrial area", "text": "PATNA: Activities in the Patliputra industrial area have been affected due to waterlogging, poor drainage system and gushing of rainwater from the Patliputra Colony-Digha Road.Narrating the problem, Director, MSME Development Institute, D K Singh, said the entire Patliputra industrial area has become a virtual saucer due to raising of the Patliputra Colony-Digha Road higher than the industrial area surface and other bordering areas at higher plain. Rainwater enters the industrial area which is already facing acute drainage problem.Efforts for draining out the accumulated water from the industrial areas through few pumps were not enough. The association of Patliputra industrial area has reiterated its demand to Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority (BIADA) for providing efficient drainage system. According to some of the association's office-bearers, who did not wish to be quoted, said they face the problem of waterlogging every year during monsoon but no positive effort has been made to create a proper drainage system in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289083", "title": "Filmmakers ask CM Prithviraj Chavan for \u2018security\u2019", "text": "Following the incident of vandalism on the sets of Ramesh and Rohan Sippy's film (that has finally been tilted Nautanki Saala) in Kandivali on Sunday afternoon, eleven people including the main accused Ravindra More, the chauffeur to senior Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) member Pravin Darekar, has been arrested. Sunil Paraskar, additional CP (North Region) told TOI that the goons would be kept in custody till August 1. But despite the police nabbing the accused overnight, Bollywood filmmakers have started having second thoughts about shooting in the city, hereafter.TOI found out that the Film and Television Producers' Guild have now decided to bring up this issue with the Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Prithviraj Chavan. In fact, they are headed for the meeting today. \"Mahesh Bhatt spoke to the CM to set up the meeting,\" revealed Sippy Sr.Mukesh Bhatt, Mahesh Bhatt, Ramesh Sippy, Yash Chopra and Ashutosh Gowariker will lead the delegation of filmmakers. According to a source, the filmmakers' primary demand is sterner action against miscreants. \"They are also going to press for more security,\" added the source.The Vice President of Film and Television Producers' Guild, Mukesh Bhatt said, \"We are going to tell the CM about two things that need to be implemented with immediate effect. One, the government needs to beef up the security on film and television sets. Two, miscreants who disrupt and vandalise film sets need to be arrested and booked under a non-bailable offence.\"Condemning the incident on Sunday, Bhatt added, \"This incident is not the first act of violence. We have completed hundred years of Indian cinema and yet we are not free to shoot safely in our own city. Many filmmakers have suffered in the past and are scared to talk about it, which is why those incidents have gone unreported. And I wouldn't single out MNS. Many political outfits have been harassing us on some pretext or the other.\"Ramesh reiterated Bhatt's thoughts and said, \"Its unsafe to shoot in Mumbai nowadays. Our limbs are at stake. So is our property. The rampage should end soon. Or else, we filmmakers have to leave our city and look for options.\"Interestingly, the protection and security branch of the Mumbai Police, just to teach the miscreants a lesson have downgraded the security of MLA Pravin Darekar, whose driver is the main accused in the incident. Darekar, who was assigned two constables in the morning and two in the night as security, has now been provisioned only one constable per shift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286309", "title": "Speed governors in only 50 school buses", "text": "NASHIK: Since the compulsion of installing speed governors for school buses has been enforced from July 1, only 50 out of the 350 school buses and contract carriages have got the gadget on their vehicles, said RTO officials.RTO officials however said that there are 350 school buses and contract carriages registered with them and the remaining ones are arrive for getting the devise registered.The remaining vehicles would be coming to get the governors installed at the time of renewing their fitness certificate but those found flouting norms may face cancellation of tax exemption with retrospective effect.Even as the compulsion of speed governors is not effective for tankers, dumpers and goods vehicles covered for national permit, the state government has made it mandatory for school buses for the safety of school students.Earlier, it was decided to fit speed governors on school buses from May 1, 2012 for new registration of such buses, while for those registered before April 30, the gadget was to be installed at the time of renewal of fitness certificate after May 1 and before September 2012.However, after objections were raised by various transport association against the compulsion of speed governors of transport vehicles, the state government issued another notification making it compulsory to fit those gadgets on school buses from July 1.In Nashik, since the compulsion was made from May 1, quite a few buses had already got the governor installed on them. Nonetheless, officials at the RTO are awaiting another 100 buses that should have got the gadgets installed by now. Officials said if the concerned vehicles are not coming for renewing their fitness certificate, their registration is as good as cancelled and if found operating, their owners will face the necessary action. Officials said that speed governors were necessary in Nashik as it would bring down the rate of accidents on highways as two major highways - the Mumbai-Agra Highway and Nashik Pune Highway- pass through the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15290017", "title": "Indian IT industry: New tax rules reduce litigation", "text": "BANGALORE: IT sector analysts, taxation experts and IT industry body Nasscom welcomed the PM's move to set up a panel to clarify taxation policies related to the sector, saying a taxation regime in line with the best international practices would boost investor confidence.With many litigations emerging from the complex tax regime related to transfer pricing (TP), \"safe harbour provisions\" were announced in the Finance Bill in 2010 that was aimed at resolving disputes and provide certainty to the taxpayer. But it has not been operationalised, though the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has finalized the framework for safe harbour provisions.Safe harbour provisions benefit both the taxpayers and the tax authorities in determining the transfer price of international transactions. A safe harbour means \"circumstances\" in which the transfer pricing declared by the assesee shall be accepted by the revenue authorities without much scrutiny. It provides the taxpayers with much needed certainty, relief from compliances and associated costs, while tax authorities will be relieved of much of their administrative burden.Mudigonda Vishweshwar, senior director in Deloitte India, said, \"This can bring in much needed litigation relief to the taxpayers facing aggressive transfer pricing audits in India. This is a positive move that increases the confidence of foreign companies in setting up or expanding their operations in India.\"\"In fact, the safe harbour regulations proposed by the industry did not see much traction and it is important that India comes out with a clear position on the safe harbour rules and make it attractive for companies to come under the regime rather than litigate with the tax authorities,\" K R Girish, head of tax disputes resolution, KPMG , said.Many MNCs carry out activities such as product development , analytical work, and software development through captive entities in India. Over 750 MNCs have such centres in India. Safe harbour rules specify a transfer pricing margin for transactions that are repetitive in nature and where India is used as a development centre by the foreign parent company.\"Currently tax authorities have an aggressive approach with regard to transfer pricing margins, comparing these development centers with a fully fledged company having all associated risks,\" Girish said. \"What brings a captive centre under transfer pricing\u2014is it based on the number of employees it has or its revenue or any other parameter, we have no idea as of now. Bringing in more clarity and removing the ambiguity will improve the investment climate for the Indian IT sector,\" said Ravi Mahajan, partner (taxation) in Ernst &amp; Young.Pallavi Singhal, associate director , tax and regulatory service at PwC, noted that there was a mismatch between the high margins ascribed by the tax department and the markups that development centres show. \"That is being sought to be reconciled,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15287559", "title": "Opposition condemns Talibanization", "text": "BANGALORE: The Mangalore attack on revellers on Saturday led to pandemonium in the legislative assembly on Monday, with the opposition terming the Hindu Jagaran Vedike (HJV) \"the Taliban\" , and demanding that Hindu fundamental organizations be banned for repeatedly causing trouble in the coastal belt of the state. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said scores of stringent cases under the IPC had been booked against the arrested. Not satisfied with his reply, the Congress and JD(S) had heated arguments with the ruling members and staged a walkout, shouting slogans. Initiating the debate, opposition leader Siddaramaiah said persons who had barged into the birthday party should be punished on the lines of Islamic law. Demanding the resignation of deputy chief minister and home minister R Ashoka, he said the culprits should be booked under for terrorism. \"Hindu fundamental elements have turned Mangalore into a republic of their own. We witnessed Bellary district turning into a republic, now Mangalore is getting into a similar mode,\" he said. He also demanded the suspension of Dakshina Kannada deputy commissioner and Mangalore police commissioner. When Shettar tried defending the government, Siddaramaiah asked the government to invoke the Goonda Act under which the accused is not given bail for a year. He also demanded that an attempt to murder case be booked against the goons, as they had used sharp weapons against the youth. Admitting that a gold chain and Rs 10,000 were robbed by the HJV activists, Shettar said the role of the media crew the incident is being inquired into. \"Policemen were not present when the trouble started. They came only after 7.15pm, while the incident happened at 6.30pm,\" the chief minister clarified to allegations that police remained mute spectators. Shettar said the authorities will nab the rest soon.DHARNA IN COUNCILIn the legislative council, opposition parties staged a dharna and shouted slogans against the government, infuriated by the ruling party members' behaviour during a debate on moral policing at Mangalore. The situation became messy, forcing the chairman to adjourn the House without discussion on the subject. Opposition leader SR Patil began the debate by saying that some Hindu organizations were indulging in moral policing. Before he could complete the sentence , Go. Madhusudan (BJP) sprang on his feet and objected to the usage of 'Hindu organizations' . He was soon joined by Bharathi Shetty, Narayana Sa Bandge, Arun Shahpur and Prof SR Leela, all BJP, among others. \"I think the BJP has outsourced law and order maintenance to some organizations and gangs,'' said Patil.BARBARIC, SAYS BSYSpringing a surprise, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa said the fundamental elements should be punished in such a way that they should fear to repeat such activities. \"This is nothing short of barbarism. Regardless of the party affiliation of the organizations involved in the incident, the government should deal with them with an iron hand,\" he said. He also expressed concern over the youth and their parents living in fear in Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285604", "title": "Grid delays 2L passengers, 200 trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: Collapse of the Northern Grid crippled railway operations on Monday with at least three divisions in northern India \u2014 Delhi, Kota and Allahabad \u2014 witnessing complete disruption of services from 2.33am to 6.15am. Close to two lakh passengers in 200 trains suffered delays and 200 goods trains were cancelled, said railway officials. While 20 trains, including Rajdhanis, were rescheduled, 16 local and passenger trains were cancelled. Even other divisions like Ambala, Firozpur and Lucknow were hit.\"We used diesel engines to shift stranded trains to major stations so that we could offer food to passengers. But the voltage remained very low till 10.30am and we could only run half the number of trains between two blocks. At least 100 trains were stranded between Ghaziabad and Mughalsarai alone,\" said Neeraj Sharma, CPRO (Northern Railway).The decision to cancel goods trains to give priority to the stalled passenger trains, resulted in a revenue loss of over Rs 100 crore, officials said. Though electricity supply to the network has been restored in most places, many trains, including Rajdhanis and Shatabdis, are still running behind schedule. Most of the Rajdhanis and Durantos entered Delhi stations five hours late. \"We can't make up for the loss but we are trying to restore normalcy,\" said a Northern Railway official.Delhi division officers said that the capital was the worst hit with no movement beyond Etawah on the Delhi- Howrah line and beyond Agra on the Delhi-Mumbai line.\"We had to arrange food in less than three hours' notice, but we ensured no one went without food,\" said an officer. Over 2,400 passengers in Rajdhanis, Shatabdis and Durantos were served a lunch consisting of biryani, raita, banana and fruit juice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15290132", "title": "Prepaid auto service at Hatia station from Aug 15", "text": "RANCHI: The district administration will launch a prepaid auto service at Hatia railway station on August 15.Initially, there will be 50 three-wheelers which will be available throughout the day for the convenience of passengers, said deputy commissioner Vinay Chaubey. \"If things go as planned, the service will start from August 15 and we hope that it will be successful.\"The prepaid auto service at the Ranchi railway station was started on August 15 last year but did not turn out to be successful and the counter has been lying closed for months. Chaubey said, \"The service at the Ranchi station has not been successful because of several reasons - the main being the non-prepaid auto drivers in the area who force the passengers to sit in their vehicles.\"Some measures have been taken and the service will start soon again, the DC said. \"We will be shifting the prepaid counter near the overbridge where people can easily access the autos. Also, I have directed the traffic SP to assure that the non-prepaid autos are restricted from plying in the area. Hopefully, the situation will improve in the future,\" said Chaubey.Auto drivers, on the other hand, do not want the prepaid service to start claiming that they will be in loss if the service resumes. Raju, a driver who had been allotted prepaid auto service at Ranchi railway station, said, \"We do not follow the prepaid system as we have to incur loss because of various reasons. Since the prepaid auto service started, the fare chart has not been changed even when the cost of petrol has increased a lot. Also according to rules, we cannot carry any passenger on our way back to the stand after dropping a customer.\"Chaubey said it was illogical to complain about the fare chart. \"A committee has been made comprising members from the auto drivers' association and the passengers' association and the fare is fixed with their mutual consent. So the auto drivers should not complain about it.\"The auto drivers are also reluctant to being a part of the prepaid service because they usually start arguing with the passengers when they ask them to go further than the designated spot. Also, unlike other autos, the prepaid autos are allowed to ply on roads near Albert Ekka Chowk and Upper Bazaar but they are stopped by the traffic constables since these are not auto routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286690", "title": "Sinking roads indicate shoddy repairs after pipeline work", "text": "NAGPUR: The caving in of road over the recently laid Pench IV water pipeline line at many places including on Seminary Hills road and at Alankar Talkies square has left the NMC officials red-faced. This has once again exposed the use of sub-standard construction material in construction of roads.Under Pench-IV project, NMC had dug up around 10 km of road from Seminary Hills to Omkar Nagar overhead water tank to lay 1100mm pipeline. This work was carried out at a snail's pace and caused severe inconvenience to road users on east High Court road for three years.First, the road was dug up to lay pipelines and then covered. Then it was dug up again to join the pipeline. Though the dug up portion of the road was repaired and concretised, the quality was poor. As a result, the repaired portion caved in at many places on the entire stretch. Near Forest Department's nursery on Seminary Hills road, a big crater has developed due to poor patchwork. \"The portion caved in on Sunday morning,\" said a forest employee. He also claimed that two two-wheeler riders had a miraculous escape when their vehicles escaped the caved in portion of the road by a whisker.Similarly, nearly a 50-metre stretch near Alankar Talkies square on the busy VIP road caved in some weeks ago. Many four-wheeler riders escaped mishap when they drove their vehicles over the partially caved in road. In both the cases, the civic officials claimed ignorance of such events despite being duly informed not only by the local residents but also traffic police. The caved in patch at Alankar Talkies square remained unattended for at least over a month, pointed out motorists.NMC's recently laid deep pipelines but the road caved in before the water could start flowing through them. Even when the work on the project was in progress, a Congress corporator had demanded that the NMC should conduct a probe into substandard work. Leader of Opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre claimed that similar substandard work on dug up roads has been carried out across the city. \"In fact, the incidents of roads caving-in are common during the monsoon. Every time it rains, roads cave in at some part or the other, and the NMC officials find excuses,\" he added.Thakre also claimed that recently many motorists fell at a similar patches in Abhyankar Nagar. \"Thankfully, none was injured,\" he added. Project in-charge of Pench IV project Prakash Urade was not available for comments. However, standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari said he would direct Pench IV project officials to look into the matter immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15287536", "title": "Constructing a house to get easier", "text": "PORVORIM: Minister for panchayats on Monday said that the procedure for the construction of a house will be simplified.Responding to illegal structures encouraged by village panchayats, Parsekar said that the government is seized of the matter and said that the government intends to simplify the procedure for construction of a house.On the issue of reservation in panchayats, the minister said that the government would henceforth ensure that reservations quota for various categories would be prepared at least one year before the next panchayat election.Replying to a discussion on demands for grants to panchayats, Parsekar said that on whether the department of panchayats will undertake the exercise of reservation or Goa state election commission will be decided by the government. \"Personally, I feel it should be done by the Goa state election commission,\" he said.The minister also stated that there will be reservation for scheduled castes. At present, there is reservation for scheduled tribes (ST) and other backward classes, besides for women. At least 45 panchayats have a considerable population of SCs, he said.The remuneration for elected panchayat members which has been hiked by two times will be notified soon, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15286334", "title": "Power shock Punjab, Haryana, Himachal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: People in Punjab and Haryana \u2014 already struggling under severe power cuts \u2014 were in for a shock on Monday morning when electricity supply stopped at 2.30 and didn't resume till noon.It took some time for the people to realize that the northern grid had collapsed and the region was facing one of the worst power shutdowns in the past decade. It took more than 10 hours for at least nine northern states to get their grids restarted and restore electricity supply to essential services.\"Preliminary investigation has indicated that the power on Gwalior-Agra circuit tripped first due to over-drawing. The systems in place are such that when one line trips, the load is shifted to the next. Last night, all the lines tripped one after another as the power load was too much. Following the cascading effect, the entire northern grid collapsed,\" said Arun Verma, director (generation), Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL).The northern grid collapse affected power supply to Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Chandigarh (Union Territory) and Jammu and Kashmir.Till evening, power had only been partially restored in Punjab and large swathes in the rural belt did not get supply till evening. \"We needed a start-up for our power generation plants and we get this from the Bhakra main line as it is the only one that starts up on its own. However, there were certain technical snags that led to delay in getting the required start-up. It was only after 9am that we were able start restoring power,\" said Verma.In Haryana, all the thermal plants remained dysfunctional till 1pm. Officials in power department were hopeful of resuming power generation at Panipat thermal plant by late night. Similar was the case with thermal power plants at Khedar and Jharli.\"All the generation units had closed due to grid failure. We have already started power production at seven units of Panipat thermal plant and one unit of Khedar power plant. Situation will improve by Tuesday morning,'' said Ajit M Sharan, financial commissioner and principal secretary, power, Haryana.In Himachal Pradesh, tourist towns of Shimla , Manali, Dharamshala and Dalhousie went without power till 10am. Manali residents remained without power throughout the day. According to Himachal Pradesh State Electricity Board officials, power generation in the hydro-power projects in the state resumed at 9am.Drinking water supply in Chandigarh was also badly affected as the water supply department could not start water pumps in the UT.Power plants at Ropar and Lehra Mohabbat resumed functioning normally by evening in Punjab while efforts were on till late evening to start the three other plants. The failure of northern power grid also delayed the synchronization of the unit No. 3 of Guru Nanak Dev Thermal Power Plant (GNDTPP) Bathinda. The unit was supposed to produce around 60MW power for the state.While all states are pointing fingers at each other for over-drawing power, details obtained from Northern Regional Power Grid, show that PSPCL has been over-drawing power. It has permission to draw only 5,100 MW, but has been drawing up to 5,800MW.In 2002, when the grid collapsed, it took around 16 hours to restore power supply. In 2009, too, the northern power grid had tripped due to heavy fog in Punjab and Haryana that had led to a temporary failure. Power was restored within a few hours then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286420", "title": "Sinnar's livestock survive despite scarcity", "text": "NASHIK: Notwithstanding its status as the worst drought-hit tehsil in Nashik district, meticulous planning and government assistance have helped ensure the survival of local livestock throughout the tehsil, and prevented the death or sale of cattle to butchers by distressed farmers.The Sinnar Taluka Vibhagiya Sahakari Dudh Utpadak Va Prakriya Sangh (Sinnar cooperative milk producing and processing society), which was set up four years ago, took the lead in organizing initiatives with local families.These households earn their livelihood by selling milk. Ther income was safeguarded by providing their cattle with water and fodder.The district administration had floated tenders for setting up cattle-camps in the drought-hit villages of Sinnar (E) which included villages like Wavi, Pangri, Panchat and Devpur.However, the administration did not garner a sizeable response to its attempt at drawing bids. The tender was floated once more and drew a blank yet again. It was then that the Sangh, stepped in and assumed responsibility.\"Once we decided to shoulder the responsibility, it was no looking back and the Sangh lead by local MLA Manikrao Kokate, as chairman, devised a strategy to provide fodder depots for every six villages, compared to other districts that have seen one depot raised for every 20 or 40 villages. We have also set up a distribution channel which will enable every person to deliver fodder as required,\" Popat Kokate, one of the directors' of the Sangh said, and the younger sibling of MLA Kokate said.The Sinnar tehsil has total livestock of 2.4 lakh animals today. But its milk collection had come down from 1.3 lakh litres to 90,000 litres due to lack of water and the proper fodder. Sinnar (E) contributes to 60% of the milk business generated in the tehsil.\"Survival of cattle tops the needs chart and milk production is dependent on it,\" Popat Kokate said.The Sangh has so far distributed more than 20,000 tonnes of fodder and handlesnearly 800 tonnes on a daily basis.A team of officials from Nagpur also visited the camps to examine the state of affairs over the issue.The work has been found to be satisfactory even at a time when there have been numerous compalints about fodder depots across a number of districts where similar projects have been started.These fodder depots also assume significance when viewed against the backdrop of the fact that people rarely leave their milk-yielding cattle in camps for the fear of the animals catching infection.\"There is a system in place as the revenue officials collect money and at the time of delivery we ensure that the officials take note of the fears of the farmers,\" Kokate added.The exercise has helped the locals - especailly the from Vanjari community- from selling or abandoning their cattle.\"Milk is the major source of income for the community. We are happy that there has been no instance in Sinnar where cattle has been sold or abandoned,\" Kokate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "15286812", "title": "Trader murder: Gangwar fears haunt Kharagpur", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The brutal murder of a 72-year-old trader in Kharagpur on Sunday night, close to the residence of a top cop, has brought back the bloody spectre of killings in this railway township as rival gangs try to rear their heads again.Police have detained three persons, two among them believed to be members of a gang which is trying to call the shots after dreaded railway mafia Basab Rambabu was injured in a shootout last year. The third person detained is heading another breakaway faction of Rambabu's rivals. In a bid to close all leads, police have also interrogated the slain trader Radheshyam Gupta's two sons.The shootout last night took place at a stone's throw from the bungalow of DIG (Midnapore range) L N Meena. Gupta, a Golbazar grocery dealer, was on his way back to Kharida home from his shop. Bittu Shaw (35), Gupta's employee, was riding a bike with Gupta as a pillion rider. At 10pm, two miscreants attacked Shaw, hitting him on the head with an iron rod. The victim lost his balance and fell from the bike. As Gupta tried to run, he was shot on his back. He fell on the ground and died there. Shaw, who was shot near his waist, was rushed to Midnapore Medical College and Hospital.The tremors of the incident were felt since Monday morning, as the traders at Golbazar \u2014 the biggest wholesale market in West Midnapore \u2014 deciding to down their shutters on Tuesday in protest. Political leaders flocked Gupta's home consoling his bereaved family. Police trying to track down the two assailants are working on all leads. While one of these suggest Gupta was targeted as he paid no heed to the extortion demands by a criminal gang, another rumour doing the rounds is a family squabbling as only one of his three sons was assisting him in the business.Police questioned the two sons, who were not part of Gupta's business, and detained three criminals \u2014 Bala, Laxman and Shankar \u2014 for interrogation.Fierce gangwars have gripped Kharagpur ever since Rambabu was shot at by the members of a rival gang on September 12, last year. Rambabu, now on bail granted by the apex court for the murders of former CPI MP Narayan Chowbey's two sons Manas and Gautam, alleged the role of one-time-friend-turned-foe Srinu behind the incident. He also alleged that Srinu was enjoying the political patronage of a local Trinamool councillor. It is believed that Srinu is trying to wrest control over Kharagpur as Rambabu tries to fend off his legal troubles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286209", "title": "Another waterlogged day in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Intermittent rain on Monday resulted in waterlogging in several areas including Nakhas Kohna , Khuldabad, Nawab Yusuf road, CAV Road, Dariyabad, Clock Tower, Ahmadgunj, Dara Shah Ajmal, Allahpur, George Town, Tagore Town and Bahadurgunj.Several vehicles were trapped in waterlogged areas. Two persons sustained minor injuries when their bike skid on Beli Road due to slippery conditions.Commuters said despite heavy waterlogging in the city, civic authorities have not undertaken road repair work. They blamed the Allahabad Municipal Corporation for failing to address the waterlogging problem despite repeated complaints.Every time it rains, water enters houses in the low lying areas like Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi and Salori. As the underground drains in most areas are clogged, water spills on the roads and enters houses.It has also became difficult to move on the roads which have been dug up for laying of sanitary pipelines under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM).The non-cleaning of the drains has also led to waterlogging problem. But, the AMC has not made any arrangements for the drainage of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287373", "title": "11-year-old stages kidnap drama to attend temple festival", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking cue from a television serial, a 11-year old girl stages a kidnap drama at TVK Nagar on Monday in her eagerness to attend a temple festival.Police said the Class 4 student of a private school boarded a share auto from Sekkadu in Manali and reached her uncle's house in Madhavaram and told them that a four-member gang had kidnapped her.She told them she managed to escape from their clutches when the gang was handing over two infants to a stranger at Madhavaram. An unidentified man even chased her from behind with a knife, she reportedly said. Her uncle Vijay immediately informed police. Police were not convinced about her story and questioned her.However, when she was questioned, she confessed to having cooked up the story as her mother compelled her to attend school even though she wanted to attend the temple festival. \"She even gave a fake car number (TN-05 A 100),\" said TVK Nagar inspector S Ramanathan. \"When we questioned her further, she said she derived the idea from a television serial,\" he said. Police advised her and handed her over to her parents.The girl confessed that she devised the kidnap drama because she wanted to attend the temple festival. So she took cue for the same from a television serial she had seen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15289607", "title": "3.1 magnitude tremor felt in Surat", "text": "SURAT: A tremor measuring 3.1 magnitude on the Ritcher scale was felt by people living in the western part of the city, including Rander, Adajan and Jehangirpura at 1.33 pm on Monday.It was experienced by people residing or having offices on the top floors of commercial and residential apartments.Institute of Seismological Research, Gandhinagar sources said the epicentre of the tremor lay five kilometre North-North East (NNE) from the city.Mehul Bundela, a resident of Adajan, said, \"I felt vibration for a few seconds when I came home for lunch in the afternoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15289718", "title": "BJP aims to regain lost tribal ground in central Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA: The state-level Van Mahotsava at Mangadh hill where 1,507 tribals were martyred in the fight against the British is a battle of a different kind ahead of the assembly elections in the tribal heartland of central Gujarat. The programme is among a series of similar events held in the region to showcase the state government's achievements and woo the tribals.A memorial was dedicated to tribal martyrs, who fought the British, at Jambughoda in April. Then state-level Gujarat Day celebrations was held at Dahod in May. The hectic activity to woo the tribal voters in the region is expected given the fact that after a one-sided poll affair in 2002 when the BJP won all the 26 seats in Dahod, Panchmahal and Vadodara districts, it managed only 12 in 2007 assembly polls. Of these 12 seats, too, seven came from Vadodara district including three from the bastion of Vadodara city.The party won only one seat out of six in the tribal-dominated Dahod district and four out of seven seats in Panchmahal district in 2007. Tribals were a key factor on all the six seats in Dahod and Santrampur seat in Panchmahal. At Rajgadh and Halol seats in Panchmhal, too, they have a noteworthy number. The Rajgadh seat that BJP won in 2007 has been eliminated following delimitation.In Vadodara district, there were four seats - Chhotaudepur, Pavijetpur, Naswadi and Sankheda - that were dominated by tribals in 2007. Of these, Naswadi that was won by Congress has been eliminated after delimitation. Two of these tribal seats went to the BJP while two went to the Congress.Given the battering that the BJP took in the region, the party has increased focus in the region and Vadodara MP Balkrishna Shukla, a close confidant of chief minister Narendra Modi , was handed over the reins of the party affairs of this area after being made the general secretary of the state unit.BJP sources said the region had become crucial to the party's electoral prospects in 2012 as its performance had peaked in 2007 in north Gujarat and it could not hope to do better. There is also fear that it might make some losses in Saurashtra if Modi detractors had their way. South Gujarat is not likely to spring a major surprise in favour of the party. \"Some improvement in central Gujarat is must,\" said the source.However, Shukla said the party was slated to do well and the programmes were not eyeing polls. \"The state government plans events in different districts. The Mangadh event was held there as it is the centenary year of the martyrdom of tribals. Political motives should not be attached to it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286550", "title": "SCZCC music fest concludes with musical play", "text": "NAGPUR: The curtains came down on the Vasantrao Deshpande Smriti Sangeet Samaroh on Monday. The three-day-long festival, organized by SCZCC, concluded with musical play 'Sangeet Mrigranjani' presented by Shirish Theatre group and Lalitkala Nidhi, Mumbai.Set during the times of Akbar's rule, this is a new play, having debuted only in March this year. It tells the story of singer Baiju and his protege Gopal. Replete with songs set to classical ragas, the play deals with issues of ideological conflicts between the new and the older generation.Once extremely popular, the genre of musical plays is gradually on the wane now. But good acting and singing by the cast of Mrigranjani made for engrossing viewing. The young actors played their part with finesse. Dhananjay Joshi as Baiju enthralled the audience with fine singing. Matching talents with him was Sanjeev Mehndale as Gopal. Written by Ashok Patole, the play has been directed by Ravindra Khare. The music direction is by Pt Suhas Vyas.Equally intriguing were the musicians who played live, sitting in front of the stage. Sitting upright on a chair and playing an organ was Uday Kulkarni from Pune. Describing the rare instrument, he said, \"This piece is 100 years old. They were mostly produced in Germany, Britain or US. But the production has been stopped for the last 70 years.\"Satisfied with the response that the festival received, director SCZCC Ravindar Singal said, \"The festival was a good mix of all kinds of classical performing arts. In terms of audience response too this year has been better than the previous one. We have dedicated audience like Krishna Joshi from Shegaon, who makes it a point to be present on all three days of this festival.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287741", "title": "State Information Commission activism exposes fraud in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Many top district authorities have lately been goaded into action to improve the implementation of different public welfare schemes that got mired into controversy, thanks to the activism of the State Information Commission (SIC).Several incidents of irregularities, corruption and embezzlement of funds in flagship schemes like MNREGA and Indira Awas Yojna at the panchayat, block and district level were brought before the SIC by RTI activists. Acting swiftly on those complaints, the SIC ordered the DMs of some districts to hold inquiries into the matter. The inquiry reports found the allegations true.RTI applicants in such cases did not get information from the information officers (IOs) concerned and thereafter approached the SIC through second appeal. Information commissioner Farzand Ahmed took a hard stand in some of these cases. He not only admonished the IOs concerned, who for obvious reasons did not provide full information to the applicants, but also sought intervention of DMs to order probe for transparency and ensure that the applicants got the information they had sought.The DMs of Saran, Muzaffarpur and West Champaran ordered inquiries into some of the cases and the reports revealed that all was not well with the implementation of certain schemes.An RTI activist, Samarjit Singh of Sonepur in Saran district, wanted information regarding the job cards under MNREGA scheme. When the Saran DM got an inquiry conducted by the DDC in Jahangirpur panchayat, he was shocked to find that an Intelligence Bureau official, retired bank manager besides several government employees were among the persons issued job cards. He also ordered action against assistant engineers, mukhiya, junior engineers and programme officers. Interestingly, the Jahangirpur panchayat mukhiya, Triptinath Singh, found accused in this scam, had been indicted by another probe team in a case of solar lights. Singh is absconding for over a month now.The DMs of Muzaffarpur and West Champaran also informed information commissioner Ahmed that they had ordered high-level inquiries into the irregularities in IAY scheme, as alleged by information seekers who charged the IOs of hiding information.A probe committee has been constituted to look into the charges hurled by RTI activist B P Akhilesh of Srisiyan Jagdish village under Motipur block in Muzaffarpur about the distribution of housing units against the official waiting list. The DM has also ordered that the information-seeker would also be part of the probe committee.West Champaran DM constituted a committee headed by the DDC to probe into the allocation of land under IAY at Banu Chhapar in Bettiah and release of funds for construction of houses. The DM acted following Ahmed's observation, \"It is matter of probe how Indira Awas units were constructed without mentioning khata and khesra numbers and whether the fund was really utilized for construction of houses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286729", "title": "God particle yet to be confirmed: Scientist", "text": "NAGPUR: Monoranjan Guchait, a scientist from Tata Institute of Fundamental Research who was a member of the team that discovered the Boson, believes that the time to celebrate discovery of the so-called God particle is yet a bit far. The particle discovered earlier this month can at best be called a Higgs-like particle as it has shown several properties of the elusive particle but some confirmatory tests are yet to be conducted, he said.The particle physicist was in the city to conduct a seminar on Higgs-Boson particle on Monday organized by GH Raisoni Vidyaniketan. The event was one of the first to mark the tenth year of the school's existence. \"When the announcement about the particle was made and it created such waves, we gave our students a project on the topic. With most students preferring applied sciences rather than pure sciences, this seemed to be the right time to make the students aware and interested in disciplines like physics,\" said Sohini Das, science teacher of the school. She also said the principal Jayshri Bhake was excited about the projects and provided all support to better acquaint the kids with the subject.Guchait, who worked on the CMS or compact muon solinoide part of the Large Hadron Collider, believes that though the discovery of this particle would not directly do any good to common people, they would still stand to benefit from it. \"The technological advances the scientists reach due to such projects fuel the growth of technology. Phenomena like internet, grid computing, and cloud computing among others have been off-shoots of such research,\" he said.Even if the particle discovered happens to be the God particle, it would not signify the end of the journey but only a milestone, explained Guchait. \"The particle would explain several concepts of the universe like the stability of mass and super symmetry among others. However, our ultimate goal is the unification of all forces we know and several theories like string theory that link all these forces together,\" he said.The reason why the veter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289556", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s Shirdi Sai audio songs launched", "text": "The audio release of Akkineni Nagarjuna's devotional movie \"Shirdi Sai\" was held in a serene environment yesterday (July 30) in Hyderabad. Several 'Akkineni' fans along with other film personalities took part in the audio with devotion.Speaking on this occasion, Nagarjuna said, \"I came to know better about Shirdi Sai Baba after enacting in this film. I experienced many miracles in life during the filming of this movie and I started to enjoy simple things in my lilfe.\"Akkineni Nageswara Rao, the chief guest for the audio release, launched the first audio CD and handed over to Nagarjuna.Other who graced the audio launch include director K Raghavendra Rao, singers S P Balasubramaniam, Kaushalya, Suneetha, director S S Rajamouli, actors Srikanth, Ali, Amala Akkineni, Naga Chaitanya, Akhil, Kamalinee Mukherjee , cameraman S Gopal Reddy, producer Gemini Kiran, etc.Writer Parachuri Gopala Krishna and Saikumar anchored the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285213", "title": "MLA Suresh Babu arrested in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Monday night arrested Karnataka MLA T H Suresh Babu here.On Sunday evening, the special ACB team, which has been tracking his movements, found that he was here to meet an advocate V Surendar Rao in Ashok Nagar over anticipatory bail.\"As we anticipated, Suresh Babu arrived at the house at about 6pm. After talking to the advocate for about 30 minutes, he came out and got into his vehicle. We intercepted the vehicle and took him into custody,\" an ACB official said. The Kampli MLA will be produced in court on Tuesday.ACB has named eight persons as accused in the scam where suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao was bribed for granting bail to Gali Janardhana Reddy , prime accused in the Obulapuram Mining Company scam currently being probed by the CBI.The list includes Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhara Reddy, suspended CBI judge, T Pattabhirama Rao, his son T Ravi Chandra, suspended judges, D Prabhakar Rao, K Lakshmi Narasimha Rao, retired judge T V Chalapati Rao, history- sheeter P Yadgiri Rao and advocate Aditya.A look-out notice has already been issued against Somashekara Reddy preventing him from leaving the country.Who is Suresh Babu?Suresh Babu is the nephew of BSR Congress chief and independent MLA B Sriramulu. He's an engineering graduate and was the youngest MLA in the Karnataka assembly elected in the 2008 assembly elections till Priya Krishna (Congress) won a byelection in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15289984", "title": "Panels to scan all India officers' performance", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday constituted three committees to review performance of IAS, IPS and Indian Forest Service officers posted in the state and make recommendations for early retirement of \"incompetent\" officers. The panels were set up on the suggestion of the Centre.Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said the three committees would be headed by the chief secretary. The other members of the committees will be from the same service but one of them should be from other state.The department of personnel and training had recently notified rules empowering the government to remove \"incompetent\" all India service officers, including IAS and IPS, from service after 15 years and 25 years of their services. Earlier, all India service officers were removed following a review at the completion of 30 years of service.The new clause empowers the central government, in consultation with the state government, to retire an all India service officer following a review of his performance after the officer completes 15 years of service. The government can do a similar review when the officer completes 25 years in service or attains 55 years of age.Once the officer has been found unfit to continue in service, he would serve out a notice period of three months or be paid three months salary and perks and sent packing.The officers, who are made to retire from service by the government after the performance evaluation under the new rules, will be entitled to pension for life and other post-retirement benefits.\"The chief minister has asked the chief secretary to get in touch with his counterparts from other states for nomination of members to these committees,\" said an official of chief minister's secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286768", "title": "Wet firewood adds to the woes and tears of mourners", "text": "NAGPUR: Once again the wet firewood has come to haunt Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) crematoria. The mourners are finding it difficult to cremate the bodies because of wet firewood. This led chairman of Laxmi Nagar zone Gopal Bohare to rush to the spot and seek action against the officials concerned.Bohare told TOI that the situation was very bad at Sahakar Nagar crematorium. \"One of the mourners called me at around 11.30 am and informed about problem being caused due to wet firewood. I reached there and found the entire lot of firewood dumped in open space.The wood was wet and mourners were forced to bring huge quantity of kerosene to light the pyre. NMC has started the construction of a shed to store the firewood but work is left unfinished for the last five months. It is sheer negligence of the officials. I lodged a complaint with assistant commissioner, Laxmi Nagar Zone Subhashchandra Jaidev and also deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir and demanded action. The matter was also brought to the notice of mayor Anil Sole,\" he said.Bohare further said the NMC was providing firewood free of cost at the crematoria after spending crores. \"What is the meaning of such service when firewood is of no use,\" he asked. There had been many such complaints in the past from other crematoriums like Ambazari crematorium also but never the NMC took it serious. It will be interesting to see the action in coming days as one of the office bearers himself had exposed the fault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285350", "title": "Ramdev-Modi ties stump Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Confusion and contradictions deepened within Team Anna over yoga guru Baba Ramdev's meeting with Gujarat CM Narendra Modi with a section of activists playing down the development as a \"personal matter\" a day after other members had sharply criticized the Baba.Activists Kiran Bedi and Kumar Vishwas on Monday echoed Anna Hazare's view that Ramdev's meeting with Modi was his business in sharp contrast to Sunday's rhetoric when the group's second rung-leader Sanjay Singh described Modi as a \"murderer of humanity.\"Monday's toned down speeches could be forced by a reality check that Ramdev's presence on Friday boosted attendance at the Team Anna protest. Thereafter, despite an indefinite fast by three Team Anna members, it needed the Gandhian's decision to go on fast himself on Sunday to get crowds surging at Jantar Mantar.Perhaps factoring in the possibility that public differences with Ramdev can hurt the anti-graft agitation and deprive it of followers who do not look kindly at Anna and Ramdev being at odds with each other, the activists soft pedaled Ramdev fulsome endorsement of Modi.Team Anna also has to deal with supporters who do not share the reluctance of some leaders to associate with Modi even indirectly. In fact, many at Jantar Mantar did not see Modi as a cause for any misgivings. Team Anna may have opted to ignore the Modi factor despite the charge that they are aligned with the Sangh parivar allowing pragmatic considerations to prevail.Yet, the choice is not easy. There are members of Team Anna, like lawyer Prashant Bhushan, who enjoy credibility with sections of the middle-class and may not approve activists sharing a public platform with Modi. Ramdev's move has also exposed Team Anna to Congress's barbs as the party is likely to try take advantage of the uneasy relationship between the yoga guru and the activists.Activist Kiran Bedi said Ramdev has the right to meet whom he wants to. \"The goal is same. Ramdev is free to meet anybody. We have nothing against Ramdev meeting anybody. We have also met Opposition leaders earlier,\" she said.On Modi, she said cases relating to the Gujarat chief minister are before the courts and \"let courts take a decision\". Hazare has not reacted to Ramdev's meeting with Modi, asking people not to create a rift between them.As Hazare's fast entered the second day, Team Anna said the government will have to send a messenger to the 74-year-old activist if it wanted to resolve the issue. Asked whether government has opened any channel of communication, Bedi answered in the negative.On his part, Hazare said, \"The way this wave of protest against corruption is building in the country, I am getting this feeling that the government would have to bring a strong Lokpal Bill or else it will have to go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285351", "title": "Sanjeev Dayal likely to replace K Subramanyam as DGP", "text": "MUMBAI: High-level changes are on the cards in the higher echelons of the IPS following the retirement of DGP K Subramanyam on Tuesday. Anti-Corruption Bureau's Sanjeev Dayal, an IPS officer of the 1977 batch, is likely to succeed Subramanyam. According to reports, home minister R R Patil will submit the proposal to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday.A senior home department official said as per the guidelines prescribed by the high court in the A N Roy case, the department had submitted the list of three seniormost IPS officers, along with their confidential reports, specific details of performance and medals won by them. As per the seniority list of IPS officers, Subramanyam, an IPS officer of the 1976 batch, is followed by Sanjeev Dayal, K B Gokulachandran, at present on central deputation, R P Khilnani, DG (civil defence), P N Dixit, managing director, Police Housing and Welfare Corporation, and Sridevi Goel, ADG (State Reserve Police Force). Incidentally, all of them belong to the 1977 batch.Since Gokulachandran is on central deputation, specific details of Dayal, R P Khilnani and P N Dixit have been submitted to the committee headed by the chief secretary. \"On the basis of the recommendation of the committee, the decision on the new DGP will be taken,'' the official said.The appointment of the new DGP will have a chain reaction, since in the event Dayal takes over the reins of the state police, one of three - R P Khilnani, P N Dixit or Sridevi Goel will take over as DGP (anti-corruption).Sridevi Goel is followed by Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik (1979 batch) and ADG (law and order) Satyapal Singh (1980 batch).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285815", "title": "Gutka may be banned soon: A K Walia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sale and manufacture of chewable tobacco products like gutka will soon be banned in the city. Delhi health minister A K Walia said he has called a meeting of top health officials to discuss the matter, after which a formal announcement will be made.Eight states, including Haryana, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar , have imposed a ban on sale and manufacture of chewable tobacco products, which are known to cause oral cancer.\"A meeting will be held next week to discuss the issue with health officials. The decision to ban such products can be taken after consultation with the chief minister,\" said Walia.According to the Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS) report, 10.5% of adults \u2014 16.7% men and 2.8% women \u2014 in the capital have smokeless tobacco in the form of gutka, khaini, zarda and other chewable products. The Prevention of Food Adulteration department recently picked up samples of gutka products being sold in the city, and found banned substances, including nicotine, in some of them.Officials said action will be taken against the companies. Dr Vinod Raina, a cancer specialist at AIIMS, said \"The Delhi government must go ahead with the ban. This may give rise to black-marketeering, and the government must keep an eye out for it.\"The Haryana government announced the ban on selling, manufacturing and storing chewable tobacco products on July 20. \"Our teams will seize such products and penalize the sellers. Action will also be taken against manufacturing units,\" said a senior Haryana government official. He said tobacco products seized from shopkeepers will be destroyed and criminal proceedings initiated against the culprits.According to Voluntary Health Association of India (VHAI), a non-profit organization, the evidence available points to more than 3,000 chemical ingredients being used in smokeless tobacco products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285160", "title": "Maoists, govt targeting activists: Rights body", "text": "NEW DELHI: A report released by the Human Rights Watch (HRW) on Monday said activists are threatened and attacked both by \"Indian authorities and Maoist insurgents, who undermine basic freedoms and interfere with delivery of aid in embattled areas of central and eastern India\".In its 60-page report \u2014 Between Two Sets of Guns: Attacks on Civil Society Activists in India's Maoist Conflict \u2014 the rights body documented cases of abuse and torture of activists, some of whom like Dr Binayak Sen, Lingaram Kodopi and Himanshu Kumar of Vanvasi Chetna Andolan are well known.\"The Maoists and government forces seem to have one thing in common: a willingness to target civil society activists who report rights abuses against local communities,\" said Meenakshi Ganguly, south Asia director of HRW.The report is based on more than 60 interviews with locals, activists, journalists, and lawyers, who witnessed or are familiar with abuse by security forces and Maoists in Odisha, Jharkhand, and Chhattisgarh between July, 2011, and April, 2012.Activists who travel for work to remote areas where they come across Maoists and \"work out practical arrangements\" with the rebels, the report said. Activists also routinely engage with various government officials to ensure development.\"Both sides though respond by accusing activists of acting as informers or being secret members of the other side,\" said Ganguly.While asking Maoists not to use civilians as shields, the HRW said, \"The movement's ideology is propagated through village meetings, community groups, and theater performances. Indoctrination is done through public meetings, speeches, and in schools.\"Besides women, Maoists recruit children for combat, the report said. \"Their tactics include abduction and killing police and government officials, attacks on schools and hospitals, extortion, torture and killing of suspected informers or \"class enemies,\" and demand for food and shelter from local communities,\" it added.Maoist operations are largely funded through extortion and unofficial \"tax\" collections in areas under their control, the report pointed out.Documenting abuse by government, the report cites the case of Pratima Das, a young lawyer-activist with Odisha's Nari Mukti Morcha, who was in jail for two-and-a-half years for \"supporting Maoists\". Das was arrested in August, 2008, while she was accompanying David Pugh, a US environmental activist to Kalinga Nagar in Odisha to observe a \"people's protest\". Pugh was let off after questioning, but Das was arrested.Das told HRW that the police did not know her identity, but assumed she was a Maoist. The police made her \"write something on a paper, and said my handwriting matched that of a Maoist leader\".The police personnel searched her house and forced her brother to sign on a blank paper. \"Later, I found out they (police) had already told the media that a big Maoist leader was arrested and that they had recovered Maoist literature from me,\" Das said, adding, \"They (police) even asked, \"We know you are not involved in action. But why do you work on Maoist issues?\"Das was acquitted on November 17, 2010 after trial.The report documents the case of CPI member Kartam Joga, a petitioner in the PIL challenging the Chhattisgarh government's support for Salwa Judum. Soon after, Chhattisgarh Police described Joga and his co-petitioners as Maoist supporters.Joga was arrested on September 14, 2010, and accused of involvement in several bomb attacks and murders, including the killing of 75 CRPF personnel on April, 2010, in south Chhattisgarh's Tadmetla. The charges are still pending against him.\"The Indian government needs to step in and bring an end to politically motivated prosecutions,\" added Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "15286353", "title": "2-year-old girl found abandoned on freight train", "text": "KARNAL: A two-year-old baby girl was found abandoned in a freight train on late Sunday night. She was spotted by some passersby at Behnikhurd village of this district, who heard the baby cry when the train had halted there and looked inside to check.They found the girl tucked between cement bags that the train was transporting from Sakur Basti in Delhi to Ambala Cantonment. They informed the GRP personnel, who took the girl into their custody and alerted the Delhi police.Inspector Lalit Kumar, SHO GRP, Karnal, said child was handed over to hospital after medical check up and that efforts are on to track down her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285438", "title": "National Highway Authority of India blamed for Gurgaon toll plaza chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The daily long queues of cars and vehicles at Gurgaon toll plaza and the resultant chaos and harassment to commuters has not escaped the eyes of the Supreme Court, which on Monday held the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) responsible for it.A bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur asked NHAI counsel the reason behind the chaos and the steps taken to provide relief to commuters given the indifference of the toll plaza contractor.The NHAI said the long queues of vehicles at the toll plaza on NH-8 were one of the reasons for the Authority to send a notice for termination of contract for collection of toll at Gurgaon. But, the notice had been stayed by the Punjab and Haryana High Court.HC had ordered the private concessionaire DSC Ltd to open five more lanes to ease congestion at Gurgaon toll plaza but NHAI had alleged the contractor was yet to implement the order. The bench of Justices Jain and Lokur said: \"The contractor who is collecting the toll is not bothered about facilities to the commuters and to add to the chaos you (NHAI) added one rupee to the toll amount.\"\"Are you bothered about the daily commuters' plight? There are five kilometer long queues at the toll plaza. If you do not look after the plight of the commuters, where would they go to air their grievances,\" the bench asked and advised NHAI to take care of the problems faced by commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "daltonganjj", "code": "15290099", "title": "Cops seize 80 cookers, 215 tiffin boxes &amp; explosives", "text": "DALTONGANJj: Police on Monday recovered 80 pressure cookers, 215 tiffin boxes, 50 detonators, 10 metres of wire and 20 litres of burnt mobil from near a jewellery shop. The articles were to be shipped to the CPI (Maoist).SP Anoop T Mathew said police had raided the jewellery shop at Tetrai in Panki on Sunday. \"Shop owner Ajay Soni has been arrested. The articles were recovered outside his shop,\" he added.Mathew said the pressure cookers, each of three litres capacity, were to be used by the Maoists to trigger serial landmines blast. \"The Naxalites have now changed their strategy of inflicting damages. Earlier, the rebels used to blast anti-landmine vehicles. Now they are to target cops on foot by way of serial landmines.\"The Naxalites had tried this method last year in Lohardagga killing a number of police personnel.The consignment was purchased in bulk from a shop in Daltonganj. Mathew said the shopkeeper, too, tried to know from the buyers for what purpose so many pressure cookers/tiffin boxes were being bought. \"The buyers convinced the shopkeeper that the pressure cookers and tiffin boxes will be used for labourers under the MGNREGA scheme.\" The purchase was of Rs 50,000, said the SP.Police are looking for two persons, Dilip and Murli, who are absconding. According to SP, they were to reach these items to Manohar Ganjhu, a company commander of the Maoists, and Anoop Thakur, a regional committee member of the Maoists, operating in Latehar district's Herhunj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286442", "title": "Smiles on kids' face were great, say Buzz editors' parents", "text": "NAGPUR: The publication of the School of Scholars (SOS) edition of School Buzz was being eagerly awaited by the editorial team of the school and when it happened they were on the seventh heaven.\"It was a great experience and I am proud to be a part of the editorial team that took out our school's edition of School Buzz,\" said Shrutika Sinha, one of the student editors. The pride, happiness and excitement of the students were visible on their face when they came for felicitation ceremony at TOI office on Monday. \"On the day my daughter's edition was due to be published I was to go out of station early in the morning. My biggest worry was to get a copy of The Times of India. As soon as I got to the station I bought a copy and called my daughter to congratulate her. It was a great effort,\" said Satish Vaidya, father of a student editor.The students said it was a great learning experience for them. \"I want to be a journalist and this has proved to be a kind of trailer. It has helped me make a pathway to prepare myself towards my career aim,\" said Rajaram Pande, a student editor. Sharing his experience, Aditya Yawalikar said, \"The best part for me was the Talk the Talk section as we got the opportunity to talk to influential people like Datta Meghe. It is not a chance everyone gets, it is once in a blue moon opportunity.\"Seeing their hard work in print made them smile with satisfaction even as their friends appreciated their work, said the students. \"And it was a joy to see the smiles on the face of our children after the hard work they had put in,\" said Hemant Yawalikar, father of Aditya.\"As a child, I wanted to be a journalist and now seeing the children today get such wonderful opportunities I am really very happy,\" said Kavita Nagarajan, principal of SOS. Adding to this, Bhushan Bonde, vice-principal, said such activities helped children break the monotony of routine and encouraged creative thought among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289977", "title": "A crazy evening for Raima, Parno and Swastika", "text": "Kolkata's Cinderella hour curfew is even finding mention in films now! Director Mainak Bhaumik made a reference to it while shooting a boozy, crazy pyjama party sequence with the three heroines \u2014 Raima Sen, Swastika Mukherjee and Parno Mittra \u2014 of his \"Ami Aar Amar Girlfriend\" on Saturday night.The three friends Preenita (Raima), Rhea (Raima) and Shreemoyee (Swastika) are shown meeting after a long time and they intend to party all night. They go club-hopping at first but soon get disgusted as all party hotspots shut early these days. What's the alternative? An all-night pyjama party on Preenita's terrace!\"I wanted them to let their hair down and just be themselves \u2014 and boy, they just went berserk! After a point they were not listening to any of my instructions and went on partying, forgetting that a shoot was on. They were dancing, jumping on each other, throwing popcorn, fighting, drinking. At one point I realized that they were dancing crazily to three-four songs at the same time. They didn't even know when I said 'cut'!\" laughed the director. \"Teenager ra jemon pyjama party kore, ei teen bondhu buro boishe tai korchhe. This introductory scene sets the mood of the film.\" And what did the girl gang have to say? Here's what:Swastika: It was like a gettogether of friends. I can't even tell you the nonsense we were talking while Mainak was shooting the montage. Wine, beer we drank it all. Parno stayed off the booze, roga hochchhe toh! At one point we realized that we are actually piling on each other. Mainak even made us puke for the shot.Raima: I've never shot a scene like this before. Mainak gave us the liberty to be ourselves, so we just had a ball. What the montage shows is exactly what happens when three girls party together. And it is always fun to tease Parno... o eto roga je oke thele phele dewa khub sohoj.Mainak gave us the liberty to be ourselves, so we just had a ball. What the montage shows is exactly what happens when three girls party together. And it is always fun to tease Parno... o eto roga je oke thele phele dewa khub sohoj.Bhebli's (Swastika) leg. She gets so annoyed if anyone burps loud and I did exactly that! We pulled Raima's leg so much about her wig that she poured water on me even as the shoot was on. People always think that girls only get together to bitch, but trust me, we were having so much of fun partying that we had no time for such nonsense! While Bhebli had beer, Raima and I had water in the beer cans as we had wine during the morning shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15286379", "title": "Cong blames BJP for moral policing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress blamed BJP for \"moral policing\" that led to an assault on 13 students in Mangalore.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said while the vigilantes belonged to an outfit called Hindu Jagran Vedika, the incident resulted from an assurance that there would be no action for such \"medieval mindset\".Tewari said, \"While the government in Bengaluru might shed crocodile tears and make sanctimonious promises about bringing the guilty to book, the incontrovertible fact remains that all these incidents have taken place primarily because the perpetrators feel there is a conducive environment which allows this obscurantism to flourish.\"Vigilantes struck last Saturday, barging into a house in Mangalore where students were busy celebrating. They claimed it was an act to save Indian culture, putting it as part of a pattern when girls were targeted either for interacting with boys or for wearing 'objectionable' dress.The Congress spokesman said such incidents of \"intolerance and violence\" have been on the rise since BJP came to power in Karnataka in 2008.He recollected instances, saying Bajrang Dal had attacked churches in September, 2008; students of Mathai Educational Trust PU College were attacked in December, 2008; attack on pubs in January, 2009; 15 students were targeted at a beach resort in August, 2011.\"All this taken together reflects the very medieval and the reactionary mindset of those who are in power in Karnataka today,\" Tewari said, urging people to vote BJP out of power in elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286855", "title": "NR Narayana Murthy to visit Kolkata, no word on Infosys impasse", "text": "KOLKATA: Infosys' chairman emeritus NR Narayana Murthy will be in the city on Friday to attend a private meeting. But it is bad news for people harbouring hope that he will meet Bengal government officials as well. No such meeting which can help solve the Infosys project stalemate has yet been scheduled.Speaking to TOI, state IT minister Partha Chatterjee confirmed that the state government has no meeting scheduled with Narayana Murthy. \"We have sent a letter to the Centre seeking extension of the Software Technologies Park of India (STPI) scheme that was withdrawn on March 31, 2011. Let us get a concrete reply on the STPI issue first from the Centre. Only then we will hold talks with Infosys,\" he said.Infosys officials had last met officials of the state government on June 13 this year. It was then that the latter had showed them the letter they have sent to the centre regarding the STPI proposal. Sources in Infosys said they have no feedback from the state government on the STPI proposal. Hence, no further action has been planned so far.Apart from the STPI route, the minister also discussed the option of making Infosys a co-developer in any of the existing Special Economic Zones (SEZs) in the state or to provide them with alternative space in any of the existing SEZs.In an e-mail in April, Binod Hampapur, senior vic-president and global head, commercial and corporate relations of Infosys had told TOI: \"We have put the Kolkata project on hold for the time being. We shall review and proceed at an appropriate time.\" Hampapur met Chatterjee on February 29. It was after this meeting that he clearly said the project in the state was not possible without the SEZ status.Infosys has taken 50-acres in Rajarhat at Rs 1.5 crore per acre for the project. Though it had made the full payment for the land in October last year, but the project hit a stumbling block when the Mamata Banerjee-led government refused to give it a SEZ status saying it is 'in-principle' against SEZs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15290196", "title": "Sindri woman falls prey to snatchers", "text": "SINDRI: Two motorcycle-borne youths snatched the gold chain of one, Sharda Devi (56), barely 100 metres away from her quarters here when she was taking her morning walk in this fertilizer township on Monday morning.According to the FIR lodged with the Sindri police by her husband B B Singh, Sharda was taking a stroll on the road at around 5.30 am near FCI hospital when a motorcycle stopped near her and a youth alighted and snatched her chain worth Rs 75,000.When Sharda resisted and tried to catch hold of the youth, she pushed away and the duo fled the scene. She raised an alarm but passers-by failed understand the reason behind the commotion and none came to her help. While the youth on the bike was in his 20s and the snatcher who was pillion riding was a slightly older, the FIR said.The incident has become a talk of the town given that in this comparatively peaceful town hundreds of men and women go out for regular morning walks. Though such incidents take place at regular intervals in different parts of the district this has happened after a long gap here making people raise questions over the deteriorating law and order situation in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285083", "title": "Mumbai sees 33 organ donations in 7 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The first seven months of the year have been good for Mumbai\u2014at least in the sphere of organ donations by deceased. Thirteen families have donated organs of their loved ones who had been declared brain-dead across nine city hospitals. \"There have been 23 kidneys, nine livers and one lung donation in the city so far,\" said a state government official.Dr Sujata Patwardhan, who is the secretary-general of Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre (ZTCC), which coordinates cadaveric donations, said the donations show motivation among people to donate. The government is also working on ways to boost donation, she said.Experts are hopeful that this will provide a further impetus to the cadaver donation programme started in 1997. On July 11, Hinduja Hospital carried out the first lung transplant in the city on a Vile Parle resident. \"This was the city's first lung transplant and we are hopeful that now families of potential donors will, along with kidneys and livers, also be asked to donate lungs,'' said hospital medical director Dr Gustad Daver.ZTCC, which coordinates cadaveric donation programme, has recorded 251 kidneys and 36 livers as donations between March 1997 and January 2012. \"But a three-year period between October 2008 and January 2012, Tamil Nadu got 656 solid organ donations,\" said transplant surgeon Dr Jnanesh Thacker of Hinduja Hospital.Persons who want to be considered as donors can sign up donor cards provided by various organizations such as the ZTCC(call 9167663468 for details) and National Liver Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286027", "title": "Court denies bail to Nimmagadda Prasad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI Court on Monday dismissed the bail plea of industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad, an accused in the YS Jaganmohan Reddy's illegal assets case. Nimmagadda was arrested in connection with the controversial Vanpic (Vadarevu and Nizampatnam ports and industrial corridor) project. The CBI while opposing the bail plea, said since Nimmagadda was the kingpin in the Vanpic deal, his release at this juncture would affect investigation in the case.The CBI said that it was at the behest of Nimmagadda that both, minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana and AP Industrial infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) secretary K V Brahmananda Reddy, already arrested in the case, brought in unofficial changes in the concession agreement pertaining to the deal. The CBI is likely to file its chargesheet in the Vanpic case in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286922", "title": "Autistic students to benefit from e-learning tool", "text": "PUNE: Taking advantage of the fact that students with autism are good at using technology, including computers and mobile, the city-headquartered Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) is developing an e-learning tool for these children.The tool has loads of animated lessons supported by sounds and music, multimedia characters and colourful presentations, which promise to engage students with autism in the learning lessons.Besides, it will also help assess and evaluate the student's progress and customise his profile as per his learning needs.Educators at special schools will also be able to develop student-specific courses or lessons useful for one particular student.For example, an educator at a special school can fix a time period for a student with autism to complete an English vocabulary exercise. The student will have to complete usage of particular words in sentences in a fixed timeframe. The duration and the exercise will be updated in the tool developed by the C-DAC and the student will be asked to complete it during the school hours. The words in the tool will appear in animated form with multimedia examples to make the exercise interesting.Sarat Chandra Babu, chief investigator of this project, said, \"After a brief survey, we observed that students with autism are good with technology. Hence, we decided to give technology in their hands and use it as they would like. The project is still in a nascent stage as we have developed about three to four modules and are conducting trials in special schools.Babu said depending on the feedback, the C-DAC will make changes and in next six months, the entire software tool will be developed. Once the tool is completely ready to use, it will be given for free to special schools across India.Autism is a lifelong developmental disorder that typically occurs in the first three years of life. It causes impairment or disturbance in three main areas - social skills, communicative (verbal as well as non-verbal) skills and in their repetitive and restricted behaviours. Among its symptoms, poor eye contact, lack of or weak speech, poor communication skills and repetition of actions like spinning and rocking are observed.Meeta Jain, a special educator, said, \"Students with autism often avoid eye contact and when we teach them, they usually do not watch our expressions. They are not very good at communicating as well. Hence, I believe if technology can fill in this gap they will feel better about learning on machines. Then, I think, it will be of great use to such students.\"eom/swati", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15290110", "title": "Chatro Chatti villagers in a fix over plan to set up police station", "text": "BOKARO: A proposal to set up a police station at Chatro Chatti village under Gomia Block has put villagers in a fix. Reason: Maoists are forcing villagers to oppose the proposed move. On the other hand, residents fear that any opposition to set up the police station may invite the ire of the police.Mukhiyas and members of zila parishad of Chatro Chatti and Badki Sidhawara have written to Bokaro deputy commissioner (DC) Sunil Kumar requesting him to drop the plan of setting up the police station at Chatro Chatti. Interestingly enough, the letter do not mention anything about Maoist pressure on villagers to oppose setting up of the police station.They, however, verbally conveyed their dilemma to police officials in Bokaro apprehending a backlash from the rebels if the villagers went against their diktat.\"Kya kare. party wala bola hai thana nahi banna chahiye, nahi awaz uthayenge toh jeene nahi dega (what to do. The party has asked us to oppose the police station, if we don't listen to them they will not spare us)\".Chatro Chatti is one of the most sensitive areas of the district situated in the foothills of Jhumra in Gomia. With the arrest of Navin Manjhi and other Maoist leaders, the rebels are losing ground in Jhumra and its surrounding areas. The Maoists had earlier threatened villagers to oppose development work in the area.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said although police sympathize with the villagers, the construction of Chatro Chatti police station was also important for the area. \"It will make police presence stronger in villages and help them reach out to villagers quickly in time of need. Police will make proper security arrangements while carrying out its construction work,\" Dwivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286332", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation all set for August 1 plantation drive", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to launch a drive to plant 1 lakh saplings to increase the city's greenery. Encouraging citizens to plant at least one sapling mayor Anil Sole has sent posts to around 8,000 citizens on Facebook.The state government had given the NMC a target to plant 1 lakh saplings and plants in this year. Accordingly, Sole launched a campaign in the name of green city, dream city and conducted meetings with government institutions, NGOs, auto dealers, educational and medical institutions etc. The drive will kick off from August 1.According to the plan, Sole will start the drive by planting a sapling on NMC head office premises in Civil Lines at 7am on Wednesday. A senior NMC official said that plantation will be also done in the sprawling ground of Airport Authority of India situated on Hingna road at 9.30am.\"Around 2,500 students from various schools will also participate in the programme. The plantation will be held near Narendra Nagar railway over bridge. Around 13,000 saplings will be planted in these two grounds. Availability of saplings, digging work etc have been completed,\" he said.Later, plantation will be done at Bhandewadi dumping yard. Around 1,500 saplings have been distributed to each zone. The plantation will be undertaken on the roadsides and available open spaces by the zone offices. The health department will plant saplings at all 10 crematoriums.BJP office-bearer Chandan Goswami said that Sole is making all out efforts to ensure success of the drive. \"City's greenery will increase if one citizen plants at least one sapling,\" he said.Besides, all 145 corporators have been given target to plant at least 1,000 saplings each. Tree guards for plantation on road sides have been made available from various sources.Various varieties of saplings like kadu neem, karanj, peltophorum, rain tree, cassia etc will be planted under the drive. NMC has prepared the saplings at its nursery situated in Ambazari garden and Dhantoli garden.The Tree Census conducted recently has counted the number of existing trees to 21.43 lakh. NMC has set the target to plant 1 lakh saplings and plants. Similarly, the NIT has started the plantation of 1 lakh saplings and plants. If the citizens will also do plantation, the city may really become first greenest city in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284970", "title": "Senior citizen living in filth shocks HC conscience", "text": "MUMBAI: Stink is a public nuisance, the Bombay high court observed on Monday, adding that \"immediate action is necessary to provide relief\" to a senior citizen living in miserable condition in a cottage on a sprawling plot at Versova, Andheri (W). The woman, Jayashree Gholkar (65) has only dogs and cats as companions.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a PIL for enforcing the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act in the case of Gholkar who has been deserted by her kin. One of the two petitioners, hairstylist Natasha Sara, found Gholkar \"lying on the bed, frail and ill''.Additional government pleader Aruna Pai submitted that tribunals to hear grievances of parents and senior citizens are \"working'' but sought time to collect more information from the women and child department. She said Helpage India has reached out to Gholkar and submitted its report. After perusing the report, Justice Bobde told petitioner's advocate Niteen Pradhan, \"What is the solution?''Pradhan said it would be appropriate to proceed under Section 133 of Criminal Procedure Code (under this section, a police officer prepares a report and sends it to an authorized officer to take necessary steps) to remove the nuisance. \"It is good enough to remove the nuisance. The place stinks,'' said Pradhan. \"Stink is a public nuisance,\" said Justice BobdeThe judges said the report \"shocks the conscience of the court''. \"Immediate action is necessary to provide relief to Gholkar,'' said Justice Bobde. \"Who is willing to help clean (the place), to give her a bath?'' he asked. \"There are dogs on the bed,'' he added. Pai said Gholkar does not allow anyone inside. \"She's been living in filth for 10-15 years and hates anyone who comes near her,'' said Pradhan. Justice Bobde said, \"After so many years of living in filth, you start hating cleanliness.''The judges issued notice to Gholkar's cousin Kisan Manjrekar (75) who visits her once in two months. They asked the social service branch to take the help of Helpage India to provide counselling to Gholkar and BMC to be made a respondent. The case will be heard on August 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286653", "title": "Weak hind legs of Sunderbans tiger worry zoo officials", "text": "KOLKATA: The tiger captured from the Sunderbans last week is showing signs of improvement while undergoing treatment at the Alipore Zoological Garden.However, the hind portion of the big cat is still very weak. Zoo officials said if required, they might conduct an x-ray on it in a couple of weeks. \"We have collected the blood samples of the tiger on Monday morning for a regular liver function, potassium and sodium test. The report is expected in a couple of days,\" said Dr D N Banerjee, who is attending to the tiger. According to him, the x-ray will be conducted only when the tiger is fit enough so that it can be tranquillized.Zoo director Niraj Singhal said that the tiger has very good appetite, but the weak hind portion is a cause for concern. \"Because of that, the tiger can't stand for long. It is possible that it was not being able to hunt because of the weak hind portion. It has to be kept under observation for quite some time. Otherwise, it is agile enough when it comes to grabbing the food offered to it,\" said Singhal.The tiger was offered a full chicken on Monday morning and 5 kg of beef in the evening. \"Since it has appetite, we have decided to increase the quantity of food offered in the evening. In the morning we are giving it medicines, mostly vitamins,\" Said Dr Banerjee. Till Sunday, the tiger was being offered 4 kg of meat in the evening. On being asked about the reason behind a weak hind portion, Dr Banerjee said it is possible that it had injured itself while hunting. \"It could be genetic , too,\" he added.It may be noted that the tiger was captured by the officials of the Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) on Thursday morning. The officials spotted it on the edge of Pirkhali VI on Wednesday and observed it for 24 hours before shifting it to the zoo.Two more tigers, captured from the Sunderbans in recent years for treatment, are still in the zoo. One of them, a male which is quite old and doesn't have three canines, is likely to be retained at the zoo. But a decision on the other big cat, a female captured from Netidhopani last October, is still pending. A zoo official, who didn't want to be quoted, said even the female tiger has a very weak hind portion.\"It will be difficult for it to hunt if released back in the wild,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286679", "title": "Presidency University recruits four more teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: Four more appointments were made at the Presidency University on Monday after the council ratified the names, taking the total number of recruitments to 48. The four persons who have been selected are - Rajendra Kundu from Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi, Prabesh Tamang from Darjeeling Government College and Mousumi Dutta and Gagari Chakraborty of Presidency College. Mousumi and Gagari had opted for teaching at the university. who had opted in to teach in Presidency University.Another four appointments were made on Monday at Presidency University after council ratified the names. The new appointments took up the recruitment numbers to 48. The four names who have been selected are - Rajendra Kundu from Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi, Prabesh Tamang from Darjeeling Government College and Mousumi Dutta and Gagari Chakraborty of Presidency College who had opted in to teach in Presidency University.\"On Monday, the council also discussed in details the possibilities of the second campus in Rajarhat on the 10-acre land given by the state government,\" said vice-chancellor of Presidency University, Malabika Sarkar.Sources in the university said, \"High-end science laboratories like bio-science and astrophysics may be built at the new campus along with a state-of-the-art conference center much on the lines of foreign universities. Though the varsity at the moment has no plans to shift undergraduate courses to the new campus, science students may need to travel to the new campus after class for to conduct laboratory work.\"The VC, however, said, \"There will be shuttle bus services to travel to the new campus.\"The council, in Monday's meeting, also proposed allocation of more funds for the five professors who will hold the 'distinguished chairs' at the Presidency University. The state cabinet had cleared the chairs after a nod from chief minister Mamata Banerjee . \"We will try and generate more money through various agencies, to attract renowned teachers across the globe to these chairs, apart from the special package provided by the state government,\" Sarkar added.On Monday the council also proposed to allocate more funds for the teachers who will join Presidency University in the post of five distinguished chairs that has been cleared by the state cabinet after chief minister Mamata Banerjee's nod. \"We will try and generate more money through various agencies, to attract renowned teachers across the globe to these chairs apart from the special package provided by the state government,\" Sarkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285600", "title": "2 held for murder of shopkeeper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people, including a minor, have been arrested for their alleged involvement in the recent murder of a shopkeeper. The accused had borrowed money for their trip to Haridwar and decided to conduct a robbery to repay the loan. They attempted to rob the victim, Vinod Kumar Sikri, but ended up stabbing him when he resisted.Sikri was found lying in a pool of blood at Gandhi Vihar in northwest Delhi on July 27.Police then zeroed in on the accused, Vinod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285403", "title": "Congress warns Team Anna of police action if it breaches law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress warned that police may intervene if protests by Team Anna breached the law, indicating ruling camp's unwillingness to engage with the anti-graft campaigner.Team Anna raised the government's hackles by sending members to the PM's residence to write graffiti on walls and then on Monday demonstrating at the residence of Union minister Sharad Pawar.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"I hope the authorities in-charge of law and order situation in the capital or outside would discharge their duty. The right to protest is the right of every individual but self-restraint is equally important. It is integral part of Indian culture.\"The comment followed speculation over government strategy to deal with Team Anna. The UPA is cautious about engaging the veteran leader after last year's experience when negotiations with him made it difficult for the government to wriggle out after the activist refused to call off his fast.Law minister Salman Khurshid indicated as much, when asked about Anna's fast, \"I think we have already met that (the demands) long ago. My understanding was he would not sit on fast. That's no concern of mine, that's for him to decide (on his breaking the fast).\"He also said that he had recently met Hazare, not as a government representative, but as a \"citizen\" to end the \"confrontation\" that is both \"unnecessary and unwarranted\".In a rebuff to Team Anna's demand, Congress said it was difficult to accept SIT probe against 14 ministers it has accused of corruption and passage of Lokpal bill at the earliest.\"There are court rulings in some cases cited by Team Anna while in other cases, the individuals against whom allegations have been leveled, have replied,\" Tewari said, when asked about demand for SIT. He added Lokpal bill could move further only after the select committee vetting the legislation gives its report. \"The government took the initiative and passed the bill in Lok Sabha. It did not have the numbers in Rajya Sabha. It is now with the select committee,\" he said.Congress attacked yoga guru Baba Ramdev, credited with reviving Hazare campaign, for giving the Gujarat CM Narendra Modi a clean chit on corruption on Sunday.\"If he (Ramdev) had read the newspapers, he would have found that Gujarat had tried to save the fisheries minister allegedly involved in a scam of Rs 400 crore but Gujarat HC had placed the said matter before the governor and as per available information in the public domain, the Governor has accorded sanction for prosecution of the said minister,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285493", "title": "Health services escape from grid collapse", "text": "LUCKNOW: Government hospitals in the city were little affected by the massive failure of the northern grid on Monday. Barring wards, where there was no alternate generator facility, not much of a problem was caused in the hospitals.In Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, wards like surgical oncology, pulmonary medicine, and medicine were affected. There was total darkness in these wards for around four hours.These wards had no generator back up and other alternative source of power to manage the services. Attendants of patients were seen sleeping outside the wards because of humid weather.The condition of other district hospitals was a little bad. No power forced some patients to go back to their homes. However, no major problem was reported. Nursing homes and local maternity centres faced problems in term of power failure.However, at King George Medical College, all major and minor operations went successfully in the afternoon, as power was restored early in the morning.States like Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan had a complete blackout at nearly 2.35 a.m. on Monday.The reason was a technical snag near Agra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286778", "title": "Class-IX girl goes missing, family fears kidnap", "text": "KOLKATA: Tanima Chandra, a Class-IX student of St Stephens School at Dum Dum Gorabazar, went missing on Monday on her way back home from the school. A resident of Nimta in North Dum Dum, Tanima had appeared in her computer science examination at her school on Monday.The girl's mother, Deepa Chandra, said: \"My daughter used to go and return from school on a school bus. But on Monday, school authorities informed me that she did not board the bus. We waited for her return. But when she did not turn up till late in the evening, we lodged a missing diary with both Dum Dum and Nimta police stations.\" Her father Tarun Chandra works as a mechanical engineer in a private company in Pune.Deepa said that after she informed the school about Tanima being missing, the authorities conducted a search within the school campus but her daughter could not be spotted anywhere. She now fears that Tanima may have been abducted by criminals. A senior police official said, \"We have registered a missing diary. We are investigating the matter. The family has not received any ransom call.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284922", "title": "Principals\u2019 forum logs in to share information", "text": "MUMBAI: After spending years tackling problems of students and schools, principals now have the option of seeking help from their counterparts posted anywhere in the country. The Open Forum for Principals (OFP), formed in 2006, launched its interactive website in the city on Saturday. Principals from various city schools attended the event at Children's Academy School in Kandivli (E).\"This forum gives principals the opportunity to interact with others in the same field and solve problems. Through this website, we can get in touch with each other and share information within minutes,\" said Rekha Vijaykar, director of Guru Harkishan High School, Santa Cruz (W). Earlier, principals who are part of this forum would regularly meet. \"Many of our problems are academic in nature and are not taken up by the education department, so we discuss such issues with each other,\" said Rohan Bhat, chairman of Children's Academy group of schools.Acting as a facilitator for these principals is Nrityanjali Trust, which put the website together. The website, openforumforprincipals.com is open for principals as well as school teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15290013", "title": "Tribal youths in Red-hit Khunti take to lac cultivation in big way", "text": "RANCHI: Around 30 youths in Maoist-affected Khunti district have become agricultural entrepreneurs. These tribal youths have, in turn, found jobs for hundreds of co-villagers. The agricultural entrepreneurs are engaged in growing lac in Murhu block of the district where a record production of lac this year has resulted in annual income of Rs 70,000 for each family.Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education (ICFRE) director general V K Bahuguna had recently visited the sites in Khunti and appreciated the agricultural entrepreneurship.It is for the first time that Buddu Munda, a villager, has been so happy. \"Lac cultivation has started in my village once again. Now I have support from government agencies and the cultivation is good,\" said Munda, who has grown around 1.5 quintals of lac on around 30 trees. The scrap lac (non-mother-insects) is sold at Rs 500 to Rs 600 per kg. The brood lac is sold for Rs 1,000 to 1,500 per kg.Institute of Forest Productivity and United Nations Development Programme support the lac production here. Binod Kumar Horo of Society for Participatory Action and Reflection (SPAR), an NGO engaged in the process, said, \"The change has been witnessed in Bari, Jiwri, Gutuhatu, Kitahatu, Janumpidhi, Lumlumaa, and other villages where lac is being cultivated under a unique \"Biodiversity Conservation through Community based Natural Resources Management\" programme.A large number of lac host trees are found in Murhu block. The main source of living for these villagers was lac cultivation, doing odd jobs in towns or selling wood or tree produce and periodic agriculture. Spectre of drought and lack of irrigation had deprived the villagers from growing paddy ( paddy is grown only once in a year). In the last nine years tribals were unable to grow lac due to the lack of brood lac (mother insects). The brood lac was supplied to the villages from IFP that has resulted in the revolution. \"The failure of lac cultivation had taken the lead to a starvation-like situation. Now, we not only eat enough we also sleep well,\" said Sanika Munda of Bari village. Sanika has grown around two quintals lac on 35 to 40 trees and earned around Rs 2 lakh.Director general of ICFRE V K Bahuguna, who recently visited the sites in Khunti, was happy. During a press conference Bahuguna had even appreciated the development.IFP director Rameshwar Das said the IFP had supported the programme with brood lac. \"I am very happy. The environment is conducive for lac production. The lac produced are healthy and have good value in market,\" Das added.Dero Munda, a middle-aged farmer, has grown lac on some 25 trees. \"The produce is handsome. I have grown somewhere around 1.25 quintals of lac which has fetched me Rs 80,000,\" said Munda.The villagers are happy because there is a huge demand of lac in the local market. Locals who are interested in growing lac on their trees purchase the brood lac. Middlemen who sell them at a premium to factories outside, however, purchase scrap lac, said Ram Munda, another lac grower.The first produce was reaped in 2011. The unique programme is going on in the village since 2010. Last year the villagers had created a seed bank from which 70 families were given seeds to grow lac.Murhu is a village dominated by Munda tribe. Notrot Purty, head of Bari village, said because of the development the migration of youth has stopped by a huge number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15289359", "title": "5 Congress councillors in Junagadh resign", "text": "RAJKOT: Five Congress councillors in Junagadh Municipal Corporation (JMC) submitted their resignation to mayor Lakhabhai Parmar on Monday in support of their demand for implementation of no-repeat principle in appointments for the post of deputy mayor and standing committee chairman.Those who have resigned are Razak Mahida, Rajshi Ambaliya, Gajendra Parmar, Manjula Parsana and Sehnaz Kureshi. During the general board meeting of the JMC held on Monday, Girish Kotecha was appointed as deputy mayor and Bhagabhai Rada as standing committee chairman.Sources said that both Kotecha and Rada have been repeated to their respective posts for the fourth consecutive term. The five councillors had written to Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) in this regard, but their plea had gone unheard. Sources said that both the Congress leaders had secured their party whip to ensure their appointments.JMC is the only municipal corporation in the state that is ruled by the Congress. There are a total 51 councillors in JMC out of which 21 are from the BJP and 30 are members of the Congress, BSP and independents. One independent and three BSP councilors had declared their support to the Congress after the polls in July 2009.\"I had told the senior Congress leaders about the unhappiness among the councillors regarding the repeat in appointments but they went on to issue a whip and we followed it,'' said Lakhabhai Parmar.He further said, \"They have submitted their resignations but I have not accepted them. We will talk to our state-level party leaders and then take a final decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15285798", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express fire: Newlywed couple\u2019s journey ends in flames", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The destiny played a cruel joke on a young couple from a remote village in Nandigama as the end came even before they could begin their journey together. Newly-weds Kopuri Venkata Ramana of Animallapadu village in Penuganchiprolu mandal and his wife Pallavi of Nandigama, were travelling in the ill-fated S-11 bogie of Tamil Nadu Express when the raging fire swallowed them up.Ramana, a software engineer, married Pallavi about five months ago. Both of them had done their masters in computer applications. While Ramana was working with Ford in Chennai, Pallavi was looking for a job. Since their wedding, Pallavi had been residing with her family in Nandigama as their elders had suggested that Ramana take his wife with him to Chennai after Ashadham, an inauspicious month.Ramana had reached his village two days ago for a house-warming ceremony. With the onset of Shravana masam, the elders in the family drew up the 'muhurtham' for the couple to open a new chapter in their lives.Accordingly, Ramana, his wife and mother-in-law Nagarani booked tickets in Tamil Nadu Express. While Pallavi occupied seat No 49 (side-lower berth), Ramana slept on the berth No.50 (lower) and Nagarani was on the upper berth (No 52).However, there were indications of them interchanging the berths among themselves. Sources said that Ramana might have taken the upper berth leaving the lower one to his mother-in-law. Ramana's family gave the couple a grand send-off at Animallapadu on Saturday from where the couple travelled to Vijayawada to board the ill-fated train in the late hours of Sunday.\"What crime did my son commit to deserve such a horrible death,\" said a wailing Yallamanda, Ramana's father. A small farmer, Yallamanda has four children and Ramana was the youngest of the siblings. While the others have settled down in the village to take up farming, Ramana was the lone member of the family to pursue higher studies to make his own career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286491", "title": "Pune cops refuse to come to Nagpur: Moghe", "text": "NAGPUR: Guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe said vacancies in Nagpur police exist because cops from other regions of the state refuse to come here. \"Pune has excess policemen. Pune police does not have posts and space to accommodate them but still they refuse to come to Nagpur. When they are transferred, they go on long leave. Many have refused promotions to avoid getting transferred to Nagpur,\" Moghe told reporters on Monday after reviewing law and order situation in city.Moghe said a large number of vacancies was a major constraint in improving the law and order situation. He said he would ask the home ministry to transfer excess cops to city. When pressed by the mediapersons, he said that he would ask home minister R R Patil to take action against the recalcitrant cops.Nitin Raut, north Nagpur MLA and EGS minister, had recently said law and order situation in his constituency was unsatisfactory. When Moghe was asked to comment he said he would get the facts from Raut. On the demand of city MLAs and other politicians to transfer police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay on account of poor law and order situation in city, he said their allegations were not correct. When asked whether issue of local politicians pressuring cops was discussed in the meeting, he said that police officers had no such complaint.Recently, excise department had raided Radisson Blu hotel as a private party was held when the hotel did not have a liquor permit. When Moghe was asked regarding action taken, he said deputy commissioner of excise had booked the general manager of the hotel and the organizer. An enquiry was going on. \"As per law, you can't deny a hotel a liquor permit because of just one incident,\" he said.Reeling out statistics, the minister said that only three types of crimes in the city had increased in January-July 2012 period compared to the same period last year. These were chain snatching, house breaking and vehicle thefts. He appealed to vehicle owners to install an alarm that costs just Rs 700. Answering a query, he said it was possible that hookah parlours were operating in the city and asked citizens to inform the police in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286879", "title": "Five of a gang held for robbing six trains in last two months", "text": "PUNE: Five members of a gang have been arrested so far in connection with recent railway robberies carried out near Pune over the last two months.Sagar Dada Kamthe (19) of Ghorpadi, Atul Shivaji Nimbhore (22) of Malwadi, Hadapsar, and Kailas Maruti Vagare (22), all originally from Karmala in Solapur district, were arrested on Monday by the Pune crime branch. Goods worth Rs 1.36 lakh have been seized from them. Meanwhile, the government railway police (GRP) arrested Nitin Datta Survase (23), of Shewalwadi in Haveli taluka, on Sunday and Chotelal alias Bablu Gupta (32) of Vaiduwadi, Hadapsar, on Monday. Eight cell phones and Rs 5,000 were recovered from Survase and Gupta.Four more members of the gang are still at large.Addressing a news conference on Monday, deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said that the anti-dacoity cell of the crime branch, led by inspector Satish Govekar, nabbed Kamthe, Nimbhore and Vagare from Ghorpadi, as they were preparing to loot a Kolhapur-bound train. \"During interrogation, they admitted their involvement in recent train robberies and also revealed the names of their accomplices,\" Bansode said.According to him, the gang is responsible for robbing six trains near Pune.In June the gang robbed Rs 50,000 from passengers on the Patna express near Daund. The gang also looted the Agra-Pune Express near Pune. On July 17, the gang robbed passengers of the Pune-Patna Express near Yavat; on July 22, the Maharashtra Express was targeted; on July 25, cash and cellphones worth Rs 1.21 lakh were robbed on the Jodhpur-Pune Express and on July 27 the gang robbed 18 passengers travelling on the Goa-Nizamuddin Express.Bansode said the crime branch recovered cash, gold ornaments, wrist watches and a DVD player worth Rs 1.36 lakh from the gang. \"We have launched a search operation to trace the other suspects,\" he added.Inspector Govekar said Kamthe has a police record and has cases of vehicle theft and robberies registered against him. \"We checking to see if Nimbhore has a police record,\" Govekar added.He said the police also seized weapons from the suspects. \"While committing the dacoity on the Jodhpur-Pune express, the men had beaten up some passengers,\" Govekar said.Police inspector Mahendra Rokade of the GRP told TOI that the GRP would soon seek the transfer of the three men in crime branch custody for further investigation.According to Rokade, the gang would get train tickets for the general compartment. Two of them would leave their seats on the pretext of going to the toilet and carry out a recce of the compartment and neighbouring compartments. After confirming that there were no policemen in the compartments, they would threaten the passengers with weapons and loot them. They would then pull the chain to stop the train and escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15287571", "title": "Students surrender seats over high fees", "text": "BANGALORE: The dreams of four students were shattered on Monday when they surrendered their seats after CET counselling because they couldn't pay the fees. Interestingly , the government is receiving reports of private professional colleges harassing students for additional money to join the course. Even though the state government has decided the quantum of fees colleges can charge, most institutions are charging extra for offering \"other facilities\" . Around 10 students surrendered their seats on Monday . Of these, four mentioned financial burden as the reason. A student, who got admission to Dayanand Sagar College, decided to go ahead with his BSc course instead of BE. Complaints flood KEAFinancial burden is taking a heavy toll on students ' dream. Quoting high fees, four students decided to surrender their seats post-CET counseling. \"The Karnataka Examination Authority may be able to settle the issue this year. But next year, the college will ask us for more fees,\" said a helpless father who preferred anonymity . The student was asked to pay a fee over and above what was paid at the KEA helpline centre during counselling. Another student, who was asked for Rs 37,000 by Bangalore Institute of Dental Sciences , surrendered the seat for the same reason, after having already paid Rs 35,000 after document verification. Financially strapped students who got admission to Alpha College of Engineering, Bangalore and C Byregowda Institute of Technology, Kolar also gave up their seats. These students typically would have paid up to Rs 41,590 after counselling. KEA has been flooded with complaints on colleges demanding extra fees. On Monday, the government met private colleges ' association. Officials at the meeting told TOI that private colleges have agreed not to charge extra fees and not to send back students. They won't charge fees for supernumery quota. The department has assured students can contact KEA with complaints.VTU WARNEDVisvesvaraya Technological University (VTU), under which most engineering colleges in the state come under, sent instructions on Monday to affiliated colleges. According to the circular, colleges shall not collect capitation fee and any fee other than tuition fee, university registration fee and others notified by VTU and university examination fee as notified by the registrar, evaluation. The circular also states in case of any violation of instructions , punitive action against colleges will be taken, which also includes withdrawal of affiliation . It may even recommend to the AICTE derecognition of the offending colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15289717", "title": "Gujarat to observe Mangadh massacre centenary in 2013, says Modi", "text": "VADODARA: Launching the 63{+r}{+d} state Van Mahotsav from Mandagh hill in Santrampur taluka of Panchmahal district, chief minister Narendra Modi announced that the state would be observing the centenary year of martyrdom of tribal reformist Govind Guru. The plantation at Mangadh has been named Govind Guru Smriti Van in memory of the tribal spiritual leader, who had led a freedom struggle against the British in 1913.In 2013, the centenary year of the struggle will be celebrated, Modi said, lamenting that the name of Govind Guru had been erased from history. Modi said the contribution of the tribals to the freedom struggle will be celebrated in 2013 and it will be ensured that generations to come remember Govind Guru. At least 1,507 tribals were massacred by the British forces during the freedom struggle. Speaking about the development projects by the state government for tribals, Modi said that two lakh plots for housing will be given to tribals in the state by December. He said Rs 40,000 crore was being spent by the state government under Van Bandhu Kalyan Yojana for the tribal regions. Modi took a dig at the Congress by saying that instead of playing politics with the tribals, the state government had given them one higher secondary school in each tribal taluka so that students from there could become engineers and doctors. tnnDescendents of Govind Guru, Mangiri Maharaj and Nathuram Maharaj were felicitated on the occasion by Modi. He also gave away Van Pandit awards to forest officials from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15285918", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express blaze: Railway minister's U-turn on cause of mishap", "text": "NELLORE: In a U-turn a few hours after his sensational remarks on the train tragedy, railway minister Mukul Roy said that the cause of mishap was yet to be ascertained.Roy visited the accident site late on Monday night. After inspecting the site and interacting with field officials, Roy said that exact cause of the mishap could be known only after the completion of the inquiry.\"We are not hiding anything. Nearly 20,000 trains run each day carrying nearly 22 million people. We are taking utmost care for the safety of the passengers and keep on improving the facilities,\" asserted Roy.He said that they were trying to replace the present bogies with improved safety measures.He said that he had sought the assistance of the prime minister to replace the bogies with fire-proof coaches.\"It will be done in a phased manner.\" Roy said that the report of the safety commissioner would be filed within a month and they would take appropriate measures to improve the safety of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15289681", "title": "MSU revokes suspension of six students", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) on Monday revoked suspension of six students, including four girls who were suspended last week in connection with the incident of vandalism at chief warden's office. Student outfits who were agitating against the suspension of girl students welcomed the decision by bursting crackers outside the university head office.It was for the first time in the history of MSU that girl students had resorted to vandalism on the campus on Thursday. After the incident, MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh suspended six students, including two linked with Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and four girl students of Faculty of Commerce.The students were later arrested by the police.This resulted in a row as the ABVP, the National Students Union of India (NSUI) and the All India Democratic Students Organization (AIDSO) gave a bandh call demanding that suspension of girl students should be immediately revoked. The bandh call had affected teaching work for two days at the campus.All the student outfits were waiting for Singh to take a decision on Monday. After holding several rounds of meetings with the parents of the four girl students and receiving an inquiry committee's report, Singh on Monday evening declared that the suspension of all the six students has been revoked.Singh said as per the committee's finding the video footage of the incident did not show that the two ABVP linked student leaders were directly involved in vandalism. \"They were present as part of the mob. We have decided to revoke their suspension with a warning that they should not participate in any such acts in future,\" Singh informed media persons.\"As far as the four girl students are concerned, they have themselves admitted that they were involved in vandalism. We have showed the video footage to their parents also. These girls have submitted an unconditional apology to us and promised that they won't get involved in such acts in future. Their parents too have given a written assurance to us. Since, they are third year Bachelors of Commerce (BCom) students, we have decided to revoke their suspension so that their careers are not damaged,\" he said.MSU has decided to keep these girl students under probation for a period of six months. \"During this period, their activities will be watched. If they are found involved even in a minor incident, they will be immediately rusticated without any warning,\" said Singh, adding that the girl students have realized their mistake and are apologetic about their behaviour.The university has, however, not taken any decision regarding the police complaint that it has registered. Fourteen students, most of them linked with ABVP, were arrested and later released on interim bail, in connection to the vandalism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15288011", "title": "Young Miroslav races to victory in Misano", "text": "MUMBAI: Miroslav Popov crowned an amazing weekend for Mahindra Racing as he took the chequered flag in Sunday's race of the CIV 125 GP season at the Marco Simoncelli World Circuit in Misano, Italy.Popov, who was drafted into the team at the last minute after Sharath Kumar pulled out due to family reasons, rode an amazing race and was able to battle in the leading pack. He and teammate, Riccardo Moretti who took the podium on Saturday, were in the 2nd and fifth row in the grid position . Due to high temperatures, the length of the race was reduced from 18 to 15 laps.Popov, a Czech youngster, showed incredible potential in only his second race with Mahindra. Moretti, on the other hand, didn't get a good start and couldn't fill the gap between himself and his teammate, finishing anyway with a solid third place.His only rival for the championship victory , Lorenzo Dalla Porta, scored a second position that allowed him to clinch the title with one race to go. Moretti is second in the classification , while Popov climbs up to eighth place with just two races under his belt.\"That was an amazing race! I passed so many riders and I was able to fight in a pack of six/seven riders, took some risks but I did it. The bike was so quick and helped me win a hard fought and spectacular race. A big thanks goes to the team for the help I got this weekend,\" says Popov.In manufacturer standings, Mahindra lie in first place with 151 points ahead of Aprilia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285161", "title": "Bal Thackeray to undergo endoscopy tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray will undergo endoscopy at Lilavati Hospital in Bandra on Wednesday, said family sources.Sources told TOI that Hyderabad-based interventional gastroenterologist Dr Nageshwar Reddy and his team will fly down to Mumbai on Tuesday for the endoscopy. Dr Sharad Shah and Dr Anirudh Phadke from Lilavati will also be part of the procedure.\"Thackeray is in fine health. He is on a light diet and fruit juices,\" a close Thackeray relative said. A team of senior doctors, including Dr Jalil Parkar and Dr Paresh Warty, is closely monitoring the Sena patriarch's health. Thackeray Sr will have to spend a few more days in the hospital, said sources.The 85-year-old Sena chief was admitted to Lilavati on July 24 after he complained of breathlessness and acute constipation. After he spent two days in the ICU, Thackeray was shifted to a special room on the hospital's 11th floor.Senior politicians, including NCP chief Sharad Pawar, BJP leaders Nitin Gadkari and Gopinath Munde, MNS chief Raj Thackeray, Sena leaders Manohar Joshi and Subhash Desai, RPI leader Ramdas Athavale, among others, have called on Thackeray in the last few days.Meanwhile, Raj is down with typhoid, said sources. \"Raj has been advised complete rest for a week or so,\" a party functionary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287892", "title": "Serpentine queues at Chandigarh hospitals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The power outage in city hospitals left patients hapless as there were serpentine queues especially in OPDs where cards were made manually and the fee counters. The power cut that started in most city hospitals at 1am on Sunday night resumed only at 11am on Monday.Minor and elective surgeries were postponed at all the main government hospitals including Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, Government Multi Specialty Hospital (GMSH), Sector 16 and the PGI. Tests were not done and many could not see doctors as making of cards manually at various OPDs took time.Though health officials in hospitals maintained that power back- up was sufficient to prevent any disruption of services, patients had a different tale to tell. Davinder Singh from Kasuali who had been waiting since 6am for his turn at a fee counter in PGI was unable to get his tests done. Anil, 58, a kidney patient, fainted while waiting for his turn to deposit fee at PGI. Sita Ram, another kidney patient said, I had to start early from Yamunanagar to get my test done. But as the computers were not working due to power failure, I could not deposit fee for a test. I have been called on Tuesday. But it gets difficult to arrange for a days stay in a place away from home.There were delays in elective surgeries, while the emergency worked routinely at GMSH. The surgeries started at 11am and had been slotted until late evening. This was done to avoid any pending cases, said Dr G Diwan, deputy medical superintendent at the GMSH, Sector 16. Patients had to take ramps or stairs as lifts were not working. A similar situation prevailed at GMCH. My father who was wheeled in a stretcher could not be moved on to a lift. He was pushed up through the ramp with great difficulty, said Satinder Gupta, a resident of Sector 45, who had come to the GMCH.Those in the wards had to bear the brunt of heat with no electricity in crowed places, especially in the emergency wards. My mother was kept in the post-operative recovery room at the PGI but she could not rest properly. Even my six-year-daughter cried throughout Sunday night in discomfort as there was no electricity, said Karandeep Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285597", "title": "Maval firing report submitted", "text": "MUMBAI: The one-member judicial commission of Justice (retd) M G Gaikwad, probing the Maval incident, submitted its findings to chief secretary, Jayant Kumar Banthia, on Monday. The inquiry had started on January 30.A Mantralaya official said, \"After going through the report, the state government will table the action taken report,\" the official added. Last year, three farmers were killed and 19 others were injured in police firing in Maval near Pune on August 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285760", "title": "Rs 34,000 relief to woman hit by police van", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) has asked the Delhi Police commissioner to pay over Rs 34,000 as damages to a woman who had been hit by a rashly driven PCR van in 2005 and sustained severe injuries.The tribunal asked the police commissioner and the driver of the PCR vehicle to pay Rs 34,135 to north east Delhi resident Bano who was hit by a speeding van seven years ago.\"From the statement of the petitioner (Bano) and in view of the criminal case registered at police station Nand Nagri, it is clear that the woman sustained injuries in the accident which occurred on June 1, 2005 due to rash and negligent driving of the driver of the vehicle belonging to respondent no 2 (police commissioner),\" MACT presiding officer Rakesh Kumar said.The tribunal said the compensation of Rs 34,135 should be jointly and severally paid to the woman by the Delhi Police and the driver of the PCR vehicle.According to Bano, the incident took place on June 1, 2005 morning when she was going on foot towards Loni from her house in Chand Bagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286860", "title": "Hijli to ease congestion at Kharagpur station", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kharagpur station may still boast of having the longest railway platform in the world but it has got extremely congested, resulting in delays to trains.South Eastern Railway (SER) is therefore trying to develop Hijli as the second station for Kharagpur. To start with, SER is experimenting with four weekly trains. If things go according to the plans, more trains will give Kharagpur the miss and stop at Hijli instead.\"Hijli is only a short distance away from the Kharagpur station and is nearly the same distance from the town centre. All trains from Odhisa that move towards Tatanagar or Midnapore, need to reverse at Kharagpur station. Every day, 12-14 trains are detained outside the Kharagpur station for 10-15 minutes each before getting to enter a locomotive changing platform,\" said Soumitra Majumdar, CPRO, SER.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15286835", "title": "Airport relies on backup, no disruption in flights", "text": "Even as the railways and Metro witnessed major disruption in services, operations at IGI Airport remained unaffected. As soon as power went off, the entire airport power load was transferred to a back-up that worked continuously for over 10 hours. No flights were delayed or cancelled.\"The entire load of the airport was restored within 15-60 seconds. As soon as the power supply showed fluctuations, the main receiving sub-station at IGI ensured that the DG sets automatically took the load. Although the power supply was partially restored at 8.33am, DIAL kept the load on the DG sets till 1.08pm as a precautionary measure so that possibilities of fluctuations could be ruled out,\" said a DIAL spokesperson.Sources said that the total installed DG capacity at the airport is 59.5MW. \"The airport is divided into three areas for back-up requirement . Terminal 3 has a 42MW requirement through 14 DG sets of 3MW each. The 14 engines attached to generators develop more than 56,000 horsepower, equivalent to power output of 1,522 Maruti 800 cars, said a DIAL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15286007", "title": "Paint to raise awareness about the need to battle child labour", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a major initiative to sensitize children against child labour, The Times Group is joining hands with Park Group of Institutions to organise a painting competition on the theme 'Colours to End Child Labour'. The competition, being organised with the co-sponsorship of Texmo Industries and supported by Rotary Coimbatore Ikons and 'Long Long Ago,' is open to students from Class V to X.\"Child labour is a growing menace in the country. Children are being forced into working at quarries, kilns, factories, agriculture and as domestic help. The conditions they are made to work in are unregulated and thus there are increased number of deaths and diseases. An estimated 12% of children in India, which is around 12.6 million children under the age of 14, are engaged as child labour in India. Coimbatore also not an exception in the case of child labour,'' a release issued here said.In the city, it is pointed out, that children are being recruited in large numbers for working in certain departmental stores and industrial firms. The brick kilns on the Thadagam-Anaikatty stretch are notorious for employing children and exploiting them. A year ago, a minor girl had committed suicide in the city after she lost her job with a company. Despite frequent raids by the authorities and sensitization by child rights activists, child labour continues to be rampant in Coimbatore.The competition aims to bring the disturbing trend to the minds of school children. Hopefully, the young minds would influence the promoters of child labour to end the practice.According to the organisers, the competition will be held in two categories: Class V to VII and Class VIII to X. Last date for entering the event is August 7. A rally against child labour would be held on August 11. The proposed rally will begin at 9am from The Times of India office on Puliyakulam Road and end at G D Auditorium on Avinashi Road. This rally against child labour is open to all school children and general public who wish to support the cause.As a concluding part of the campaign, a public function would be held at the G D Auditorium and it would be addressed by prominent people. The topics of the painting competition include the ill effects of child labour and basic child rights. Winners of the painting competition would be awarded certificates and prizes. In addition, books would be donated to two schools where under-privileged children study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287634", "title": "Chaos over proposed Tolto-Old Goa bridge", "text": "PANAJI: The issue of a new bridge to connect Old Goa to Tolto island of St Estevam at Daujim dominated the gram sabha on Sunday and chaotic scenes led the meeting to be adjourned abruptly.The meeting, which was chaired by St Estevam sarpanch Nolasco Menezes commenced with the confirmation of minutes of the previous meet. The financial statement for 2012-13 was read out and this was followed by proposals of members.Artimisia Rangel, a member, moved a resolution seeking to oppose construction of any bridge between Daujim in Old Goa and Tolto in St Estevam, stating it would have serious ecological implications.Menezes continued speaking while Rangel demanded that she be allowed to speak on her motion. Villagers backed her and insisted that the sarpanch grant her time to present her views. Another member, Emidio Monteiro opposed Rangel's resolution against the proposal of the new bridge.Fr Visitacao Monteiro tried to intervene but was allegedly not allowed to speak at the first gram sabha of the panchayat. The meeting was adjourned amidst chaotic scenes.St Estevam is presently land-linked to Marcel through a bridge over Cumbharjua canal. It has two other islands, Tolto and Akhada, in the basin of River Mandovi. Akhada is linked to St Estevam by a bridge built about a decade ago, while Tolto is linked by a culvert. A link at Daujim can bring it closer to Tiswadi mainland. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286731", "title": "Police insensitivity towards rape victims draws flak", "text": "KOLKATA: On February 5 this year, a mother of two was raped in a moving car in Park Street. Three days after the incident, she had to face lewd comments from the cops when she went to lodge a rape complaint. On June 17, a young girl in Santragachhi was molested by two drunk men. The girl managed to escape and went to the police station to lodge a complaint, but the cops refused to believe her. On July 25, a 38-year-old was raped early in the morning. She went to the police twice to register a complaint, but had to return heart-broken on both the occasions. This year, five disabled women have been raped in various hospitals in Bengal. No one listened to their pleas, not even the cops...In North 24-Paraganas, women avoids stepping out of home. Those who work outside are petrified on their way back as they have to walk long deserted stretches. The fear of molestation, rape, even abduction looms large. These incidents, in remote areas, rarely come out in the open. Few make it to the headlines. And it is only when they do that police act on a case.Livid with the state's insensitivity and police inaction despite the rising incidence of such cases, a group of women has decided to submit a memorandum with 5,000 signatures to the state women's commission demanding proper and sensitive handling of such cases. They have also called for stringent action against police if they refuse to lodge an FIR and inquire into cases of molestation and rape.\"The delayed action of police in Barasat molestation and Park Street rape case and the insensitivity in Pinki Pramanik case are all indicative of police's failure in ensuring a woman's safety. Instead, they ended up questioning a woman's character and her way of dressing. We want the administration and police to act responsible and do what is required,\" said theatre artist and activist Usha Ganguly. The campaign is being supported by Sanskrity Samanyay and is backed by former chairperson of West Bengal women's commission, Yasodhara Bagchi.Pointing at Pramanik's case in particular, they condemned the administration for showing no sensitivity towards the athlete. \"Pinki belongs to a poor family from Purulia. Following the controversy, police arrested her without preliminary investigation. Gender tests were conducted without any reason. Things should not have gone as they went,\" said Bharati Mukherjee, a woman present at the interaction.\"Insensitivity of the state government and police towards the Park Street rape victim is known to us all. There are many such cases which went unnoticed due to callousness of police. We want to awaken the authorities from their slumber,\" she added.Malini Bhattacharya, director of School of Women's Studies at Jadavpur University, added: \"Even after a molestation or rape, the victim continues to be humiliated. Through the memorandum, we want to tell the commission what women want. If you want to make Kolkata a mega city, you need to first make it safe for women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15286328", "title": "Rain revival spells good news", "text": "NASHIK: The revival of monsoon after a dry spell in Nashik increased the water levels in the Gangapur dam by 559 Million Cubic Feet (MCFT). The water level has risen to 1,140 MCFT during the last 15 days.Though the monsoon has revived, it is still not satisfactory and more rainfall is expected in the catchment areas of the Gangapur dam, the main source of drinking water to the city.Meanwhile, rains continued to lash the city on Monday, registering a rainfall of 18.6 mm. So far, total rainfall in Nashik has reached 180 mm. The delay in monsoon had led the administration of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to enforce water cut by 15 to 20% in all six divisions of NMC from June 19. But with the rainfall, an increase, to some extent, in the water reservoirs in Gangapur dam by 718 MCFT has been recorded in this season, so far.The water reservoir in Gangapur dam was recorded at 581 MCFT on July 14.Fifteen percent water cut has been imposed in Cidco and Satpur divisions, while 20% water cut has been imposed in Nashik East, Nashik West, Nashik Road and Panchvati divisions since June 19. Water is being supplied once a day in all six divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287016", "title": "Surrogate mother rape case: Cops to search for first child", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police officials looking into the alleged rape of a surrogate mother from the city have confirmed that the first child of the woman and her boyfriend Prakash Jadav had been given to a couple in Mumbai. Working on the information, a team from women's police station will leave for Mumbai soon. \"The case has seen many twists including the woman revoking her complaint.The duo however confirmed that they had been to Dr Bharat Atit's clinic and had contacted him for their first child,\" said a city police official. \"Dr Atit initially said that he didn't know the woman in question, but we later found a photograph of hers on his computer. We haven't got any records related to the woman in his clinic and thus his interrogation will continue,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15286915", "title": "Fishing scam: Minister Dilip Sanghani in dock as MoS Parshottam Solanki faces trial", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Governor Dr Kamla, while giving the nod for the prosecution of minister of state for fisheries Parshottam Solanki in connection with an alleged Rs 400 crore fisheries contract scam, has also implicated senior minister Dilip Sanghani for approving the contracts.Sanghani has signed on the file which gave contracts in 2008 without tenders. Plus, said the governor in a communication to the Gujarat high court, \"Sanghani had approved the illegal decision of Solanki and had also telephonically directed the respective officers that work orders be given immediately.\"The governor has specifically noted the observation of the Gujarat HC while quashing all the contracts that \"Solanki has usurped the powers for extraneous reasons to favour certain parties for illegal gratification.\" She has given permission for prosecution under Section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act and added that \"when there is a massive campaign against corruption going on in the country, it is my duty to grant sanction for the sake of purity of administration.\"The governor's report paves the way for the petitioner Ishaq Maradia filing a police or court complaint against Solanki. It also opens up the possibility of making Sanghani, a close confidant of chief minister Narendra Modi, a co-accused in the case. The complainant's lawyer, Mukul Sinha said \"After studying the order, we will go after Sanghani.\"The decision of the governor was on Monday placed before the HC bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice C L Soni, who were hearing a contempt plea against Modi and his council of ministers over the state government's refusal to give sanction to Solanki's prosecution.The court had earlier directed the state government to act on the matter, failing which, it had put the ball in the governor's court. The government, which concluded that no case can be made out against Solanki, now also finds Sanghani in trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286191", "title": "DRDO to increase missiles\u2019 range", "text": "HYDERABAD: India's missile power will be enhanced with defence scientists now working towards increasing the range of various missiles. The range of surface-to-air missiles, which is presently 50 km will be increased to 300 km.The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is also aiming to increase the range of air-to-surface missiles up to 400 km and air-to-air missiles up to 300 km, according to Avinash Chander, DRDO chief controller R&D; (missiles and strategic systems) and director Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL).Avinash Chander who spoke at the silver jubilee celebrations of Hardware-in-loop Simulation (HILS) at the Research Centre Imarat (RCI) here also explained the big plans of DRDO for the future including on the tactical missiles front. He said work was on the 'seek and destroy' class of missiles, smart bombs, underwater cruise missiles. \"We are confident that we can make our weaponry capabilities better than world class,\" he said.Avinash Chander said the focus was now on having the entire avionics on a chip. \"A nano missile with low cost and low weight is what we are aiming for,\" he said. Former president A P J Abdul Kalam recalled his association with RCI and the purpose for which it was developed. He said RCI was developed on 2,500 acres of land. Kalam drew largely from what he saw during his trips abroad on explaining about the advancements taking place in science. He said nanotechnology held promise for the future and called for convergence of technologies.In what is called `intelligence bio-science', Kalam said a nano-robot injected into a patient could diagnose the disease and give treatment. The DNA-based nano-robot would then melt into the body. \"The industry needs to be ready for such developments,\" Kalam said.The former president in particular spoke about what he called `scientific magnanimity' describing how scientists have to be given their due recognition.RCI director S K Choudhuri explained the advancements in Hardware-in-loop simulation (HILS) and Advanced Simulation Centre (ASC) in the RCI over the years. He also declared open the newly formed Avionics Society of India.Prof Akopyan, designer general-deputy director general, Moscow Research Institute said they had developed five different types of seekers. He also recalled the long association with RCI over the years. Prof Akopyan's presentation caught the attention of the defence scientific community as he also screened a short film showcasing weaponry set to a background musical score of a 'symphony orchestra we have back home'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15286221", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express blaze: Thank god I am alive: Survivor", "text": "NELLORE: \"Thank god I am alive,\" Rama Sudhakar said. But he looked rattled by the train inferno. A branch manager of United India Assurance Company at Vijayawada, Sudhakar was heading to Chennai to attend a meeting. He was sleeping in berth number 7 at the time of the mishap. \"It was due to god's grace I am alive today,\" Sudhakar told TOI.\"It was all smoke by the time I opened my eyes. Suspecting danger, I jumped from my berth and ran towards the exit door. Utter chaos prevailed at the exit gate,\" he said.Sudhakar pulled the alarm chain in his bogie and tried to open the doors near seat number one. \"The two doors on the other end were inaccessible due to the blaze. Initially people were not able to open the door. I jumped over a person who was standing near the door and opened it,\" Sudhakar said.\"After jumping out of the train, I again went into the bogie to pull out a few sleeping passengers. I managed to bring out two elderly passengers who were with a young girl before the fire could reach them,\" he said. But the girl was not to be found, he said, with tears in his eyes.\"Everything happened in a flash. It seems a bad dream now,\" Sudhakar said.Another survivor Vijay Somani said it did not take more than 20-25 minutes for the entire coach to be gutted. A merchant from One Town in Vijayawada, he took the train to reach Chennai on a business work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287891", "title": "After grid collapse, snags at play", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's nightmare that began after Sunday midnight continued even after electricity supply was restored from the northern grid on Monday morning. The UT electricity department failed to anticipate damage to its distribution system due to the sudden collapse of the northern grid on Sunday night. So when supply was eventually restored on Monday, it did not reach most areas and the department woke up to the problem several hours later.There was panic among people who feared that they might have to face yet another sleepless night without power. Several sectors saw power outages on Monday due to local faults and in some areas like Sector 35, there were breakdowns every half an hour. There were power breakdowns in various sectors including 20, 24, 34, 35, 38 and 56. In sectors 24 and 56 power could not be restored even by 7pm on Monday. I tried reaching the sub-station on a landline number to find out what the problem was but as is customary, they did not take the call, said Kamal Sharma, a resident of Sector 47.The breakdowns after 9.30am on Monday were due to local snags and faults in the line due to the sudden collapse of the northern grid on Sunday night, said UT superintending engineer M P Singh. Like other states, the crisis on Sunday was a message to UT not to overdraw from the grid. The normal load on the grid needs to be maintained between 48.5 to 50.2 hertz, whereas on Sunday night the load increased to 50.46 Hz, leading to the collapse of the grid.20% absenteeism in schoolsIn most city schools there was nearly 20% absenteeism as the children were not able to get ready due to the power breakdown and lack of water since Sunday midnight. According to school authorities higher classes saw much more absenteeism than the junior ones. No one was prepared for such a situation. But thanks to the weather that remained nice and breezy that the power cuts it did not make things worse, said Rakesh Sachdeva, principal of a Sector 15 school, who is a CBSE counsellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15289687", "title": "Microsoft plans innovation centre at MSU", "text": "VADODARA: City will now become a home to Microsoft Innovation Center (MIC), first in Gujarat and among few in the country. MICs are the state-of-art technology facilities for collaboration on innovative research, technology or software solutions involving a combination of government, academic and industry participants.A proposal to set up MIC at M S University's Faculty of Science will be placed before MSU's syndicate members on Tuesday.Sources suggest that the centre will come up at the Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) building of Faculty of Science.The primary focus of MIC is to support innovation at the grass root level and undertake projects that have potential for local industry adoption, enhancing skills of students and in turn creating employment. An MIC can choose to work on specific projects that could be based on student ideas or industry problems.Sources suggest that officials of Microsoft education initiative had approached MSU officials with the proposal. A group of trainers from Microsoft is also expected to come at MSU soon for conducting workshop for students and faculty.\"They want MSU to involve industries in and around Vadodara to support the center's activities,\" said a source, adding that once functional, the biggest advantage of this center will be that Microsoft will provide licenced copies of their software free of charge to all staff and students of the university.As a first step before it signs an MoU, the university will have to go through a proof of concept stage for a period ranging from three to six months. During this stage, Microsoft would measure outcomes before it signs an MoU which is valid for a period of one year and can be renewed every year based on performance track record of the center.Through MIC, Microsoft offers programmes like 'DreamSpark', faculty connection programme, imagine cup mentoring, Microsoft student partner, BizSpark programme and IT Academy.DreamSpark equips students with a friction-free access to Microsoft's developer and designer tools while the imagine cup programme involves students solving world's toughest problems through a yearly world-wide competition helping students unleash their potential.Similarly, BizSpark is a global programme designed to help and accelerate the success of early stage startups by providing key resources. BizSpark fast tracks the success of startups with software, support and visibility by helping startups connect with startups, investors, mentors and partners in their area while they get and learn Microsoft software through a no charge subscription.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286668", "title": "Tukadoji statue at campus soon: VC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University will soon erect a statue of Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj (RTM) on its campus on Amravati Road. This was announced by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal on Monday during the inauguration of the Tukadoji Maharaj chair. The VC added that scholarships would be offered to students pursuing various courses from the RTM chair.Chief guest, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe Moghe stressed on promotion of saint's thoughts among the youths. The Maharashtra government had already sanctioned Rs2 crore for setting up this chair on October 28, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15286639", "title": "Three arrested for robbing truck driver on Sohna Road", "text": "GURGAON: Three persons were arrested on Sunday for allegedly stealing Rs 2,650 from a truck driver on Sohna Road. The accused confessed to stealing the money to buy alcohol and were produced in a city court on Monday and sent to judicial custody. A police officer said that the accused have been identified as Sanju, Sunder, Laxman alias Lachhi, residents of Kadarpur village. On Monday, the police produced them in a city court and sent them to 14 days judicial custody in Bhondsi jail. The incident took place near Badshahpur on Saturday night around 9pm.Police said that a truck driver Jogendra Singh, resident of Punjab, was on his way back from a LPG godown in Dhumaspur village after unloading his truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15287660", "title": "Gaondongorim decision may have cascading effect", "text": "PANAJI: Gaondongorim gram sabha has taken an unusual decision, setting a precedent that can have far reaching implications.While gram sabhas elsewhere have been caught up with rejecting mega projects within their village boundaries, this Canacona village, weary of visitors creating a nuisance at the gushing Bhamanbuddo waterfall, recently decided to ban people from outside the village from picnicking there.Speaking to TOI sarpanch Umesh Velip said, \"We have passed the resolution as the people were creating too much of a nuisance at the waterfall.\" And he is serious about acting on the resolution. \"We will write to the mamlatdar, collector and police about the resolution taken and ask them to help us in stopping the people from coming to the waterfall,\" Velip added.There are two issues involved in the decision and panchayati raj votaries are divided over it, with some welcoming it and others advising caution in its implementation as such a precedent could restrict Goans from spending time in the few available picnic spots in the state.\"A panchayat is entrusted with the protection of its water sources and it can take action if there is public nuisance. It can restrain people from contaminating the water and in this case refuse to allow people to picnic there,\" Centre For Panchayati Raj coordinator Soter D'Souza said.Not all see it that way.\"This is not a rational decision. Tomorrow the gram sabha may decide that nobody may be allowed to enter the village. In times to come all development in a village could be stalled,\" says former Goa assembly speaker Tomazinho Cardozo.\"There is already no place for picnickers in Goa. One panchayat takes a decision like this and if others follow, this could snowball. Stopping picnickers is not the solution. Control the garbage, reduce the nuisance is the solution,\" travel and tourism association of Goa spokesperson Ralph D'Souza said. He added that such a decision will not affect tourism, but local picnickers, especially schools on excursions.A further fear is that since Gaondongorim has set a precedent, what's to stop other panchayats from taking similar decisions.A circular from the education department advises schools not to take children to beaches for picnics. This leaves open only the hinterland for students on their annual day out. More decisions like the one taken by the Gaondongorim gram sabha could effectively end picnics in Goa, feel some.A solution to the this is offered by Ralph D'Souza who advises making such places plastic free and keeping bins for garbage.He says, \"Ensure that every person uses the bin for disposing garbage. I know there are places where they check vehicles for plastic before they are allowed to enter a picnic site.\"It is, however, not just plastic that led Gaondongorim villagers to take the decision. Drunken brawls and vulgar behavior were among the reasons.As Velip says \"We don't want any income or to earn any profit from the waterfall, but the village reputation was also getting spoilt.\"Further defending the decision, Soter D'Souza says, \"They don't want people to picnic there as it disturbs the village and has an impact on other activities of the village. To maintain peace and avoid nuisance they can do it. It is fine if it is in the interests on the people.\"But should gram sabhas be allowed to take final decisions? Cardozo. \"The gram sabha should be an advisory body as it was in the past. Having such powers is not advisable. The decisions taken by a gram sabha should be to help the panchayat to take good decisions,\" Cardozo said.Section 4 of the Goa Panchayati Ray Act makes the decision of the gram sabha binding on the panchayat. As of now the Gaondongorim gram sabha decision to ban outsiders from enjoying at the Bhamanbuddo waterfall stands and with it the odds of other gram sabhas following suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15287889", "title": "Freak accident: Arsh Bhatia loses battle for life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After struggling for life for two days in the emergency ward of PGI, Arsh Bhatia, 20, of Sector 20 succumbed to his injuries in the wee hours of Monday. Arsh was injured in a freak road accident when a Chevrolet Beat, in which he was sitting, hit a road divider and crash-landed on the official vehicle of senior IAS officer Keshni Anand Arora on July 28. The incident took place between the dividing road of sectors 9 and 17. Doctors had declared Arsh brain dead when he was rushed to the PGI.His body has been kept in the PGI mortuary and it will be handed over to his family once his father arrives from the US. Police have also added charges of death due to negligent driving against Damanbir Singh, of Sector 22, who was driving the car. The deceased, Arsh, was a student of BA-I of DAV College in Sector 10.Keshni Anand Arora, her daughter Revati and driver Dinesh were also injured along with three other occupants of the Chevrolet Beat in the accident. All injured were rushed to PGI and some of them have been discharged.However, Arsh had suffered critical head and neck injuries, and his chances of survival were dismal. Inspector Neeraj Sarna, SHO of the Sector 3 police station, said father of the deceased Arsh was delayed in reaching India due to some procedural reasons and the body would be handed over to him when he reaches here.The postmortem of the body was conducted on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15290256", "title": "GMC drive to issue fresh licences to biz establishments", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has constituted teams of officials to inspect trade licence of various establishments in the city and ensure that up-to-date licences have been issued to all. \"Spot renewal and issue of new licences shall be done during the drive. No licences shall henceforth be issued or renewed at the office,\" said a recent GMC order.GMC has also instructed the inspection teams to meet representatives of market committees and traders' associations for facilitating the issue and renewal process of licences in a streamlined manner. GMC has fixed August 31 as the date of completion for the entire exercise. Inspection report then has to be forwarded by the team members certifying 100 per cent issue and renewal to the deputy commissioners of the respective GMC property tax zones. The concerned deputy commissioners then will have to perform random checks of 5% of the concerned establishments in each GMC ward.\"The deputy commissioner shall certify that all the licences in the concerned wards have been renewed and they will also submit report on the number of provisional licences issued,\" said the order. For commercial establishments running without valid building permission, provisional trade licences will be issued. The provisional licences issued shall not be valid for a period beyond six months. \"Wherever the provisional licence has been issued, and a valid licence has not been taken yet, the same may be re issued one last time as a revenue rising exercise. Failing to regularize the provisional licence shall invite penal action such a eviction and sealing,\" read the order.In those cases where trade licences have not been renewed for 2012-13, no penalty will be imposed, however, for those trade licences which were not renewed in 2011-12 or before, 20% penalty per year will be imposed, said the GMC order. The GMC order said that similar process will be followed by the chief health officer and veterinary officer for all the commercial units like hostels, bars, restaurants, hotels , dhabas, meat shops etc. \"The sanitary inspectors and staff, may accordingly be directed and mobilized\", said the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287406", "title": "Garbage collection points turn dump yards", "text": "CHENNAI: The civic body's garbage collection centres are turning into mini dump yards of their own and fast becoming a breeding ground for mosquitoes and flies.But with the city reeling from an outbreak of diarrhoea and repeated complaints from residents of Sowcarpet, the Chennai Corporation is dismantling the bright blue aluminium enclosures from several areas and reverting to the old system of placing garbage bins in different parts of a street. Though many enclosures are located on main roads in all 15 zones, they border near residential apartments or houses leaving residents fuming.Residents of Trivelian Basin Street in Sowcarpet are hoping that the civic body would soon remove the garbage collection point from their area soon. Set up two months ago, the enclosure located opposite a three-storied residential apartment is overflowing with garbage. A few of the apartments have fixed mosquito nets covering their windows. \"We have no other option since the enclosure was set up two months ago,\" says Manish Ghosal, whose balcony is about 12-feet from the enclosure.The collection centre is also next to a corporation primary health centre which specializes in maternity care and ironically, about 50 metres from the civic body's malaria hospital.\"In the last two months, mosquitoes and house flies have increased,\" he says. Residents here say the corporation worker does not bother to empty garbage from houses into the large bins and dump it on the ground instead. The corporation lorries that come once a week clear the bins and not the other garbage lying around in the enclosure.Residents say in the last one week a two-year-old child had contracted diarrhoea. \"A public toilet that used to exist near the collection point has been shut as now many homeless people use this place to defecate,\" says Arihant Jain, another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287705", "title": "Patna University strives for engineering, medical colleges", "text": "PATNA: In its centenary decade, Patna University (PU) is striving hard to establish more well-equipped modern institutions in accordance with the changing needs of the society. It is also trying to get back two of its former institutions into its fold.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh recently announced that a full-fledged college of mass media would be started soon. A new course in bioinformatics has already been introduced from the current academic session. A full-fledged postgraduation course in journalism and mass communications has also been introduced recently.Presently, the university does not have either an engineering college or a medical college of its own. PU did have both these colleges under its jurisdiction till sometime back. But, while the Bihar College of Engineering (BCE) was converted into National Institute of Technology Patna (NITP) in 2004, Patna Medical College (PMC) is now under the newly established Aryabhatta Knowledge University (AKU).The VC said he would approach the state government for revival of both the BCE and the PMC under the university. Chief minister Nitish Kumar has already agreed to the proposal for revival of the erstwhile BCE once the NITP is shifted to its own campus. The state government has also been approached for providing sufficient land to the university for starting a new medical college.At present, PU has only 10 constituent colleges, including Patna Law College (which celebrated its centenary recently), College of Arts and Crafts, Patna Training College and Women's Training College, under its jurisdiction. But it lacks any engineering or medical college.The VC said he has approached the Canada-based Commonwealth School of Learning and the Commonwealth Educational Media Centre for Asia (CEMCA) for setting up a campus radio station in the university. The CEMCA has agreed to provide all financial and technical help in setting up the campus radio station.The university is keen to raising its academic standard by introducing socially relevant courses. An MoU has already been signed with the Rajendra Memorial Research Institute (RMRI), Patna, for taking up collaborative research programmes. Babu Jagjivan Ram Chair has been established by the Union government at the department of personnel management and international relations (PMIR) for undertaking research in social sciences, the VC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15287094", "title": "3 crore PWD aid to improve facilities at Maharaja\u2019s College", "text": "KOCHI: The public works department will spend an amount of Rs 3 crore to improve infrastructure facilities at Maharaja's College. Works minister V K Ibrahimkunju said on Monday that the assistance would be provided with the intention of helping the college acquire NAAC accreditation. This is in addition to the Rs 3 crore provided by the state government to upgrade the 125 -year-old college to a centre of excellence.Inaugurating the infrastructure development projects carried out as part of upgrading the college to a centre of excellence, the minister said that Rs 1 crore would be provided to set up a students' amenity centre.He said that they would come up with a detailed plan for the purpose. PWD would focus on improving the facilities in classrooms and converting the main hall into an art hall. Out of the 10 high-tech toilets for women which are to be set up in three cities in the state, PWD has decided to allocate two of these to the college. The department will also construct two more toilets for the use of male students.A monitoring committee will be formed to keep track of construction activities. The local MLA will be the chairman of the committee. The committee will convene a meeting every Friday to evaluate the progress of the work. Hibi Eden MLA said at the function that he had allocated Rs 50 lakh from the MLA fund to construct an international seminar hall.At present, two gates are being fixed at the entrance spending an amount of Rs 7 lakh and Rs 83,000. Apart from this, renovation works are being carried out at the Hindi and music departments. Campus roads are also being relayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15287179", "title": "Fan tantrums: Turn to fancy numbers of their favourite stars", "text": "KOCHI: The demand for fancy mobile phone numbers is on the rise it seems. Many cell phone service providers have now started auctioning of numbers to cash in on the trend. Recently a business man from Thiruvananthapuram paid Rs 12.5 lakhs to own a mobile number.\"It is mainly businessmen who buy the fancy numbers at high prices,\" said BSNL PRO Vinod Kumar, in Kochi. It is the snob value attached to these fancy numbers - which are rightly called vanity numbers - that make them favourites of many people.But there is another category who are crazy about fancy numbers - fans association members of Mollywood superstars. They are ready to pay huge amounts of money to have a particular number as part of their phone number, simply because it is some way connected to their screen idol.Jaffer N A , an office bearer of Jayasurya Friends Association, had spent Rs 7,000 for securing a BSNL number ending with 2345. \"Jayettan (Jayasurya) has a BSNL number ending with 2345. So, many of us bought numbers ending with 2345. If we couldn't get it, we will try to have a number ending with 23, as we consider these two digits as unavoidable part of his lucky number,\" Jaffer said.\"I have mobile numbers of almost all cell phone providers in the state ending with 2255. I had to spend Rs 15,000 to get a Vodafone number. Today I have booked a BSNL number ending with 2255,\" said Shijin P S, president, Mohanlal Fans and Welfare Association, Thaikkattusseri, Thrissur. The reason; 2255 is the phone number of Vincent Gomez, the character played by Mohanlal in the super hit movie Rajavinte Makan. One of the mobiles of Shijin had \"My phone number is 2255,\" Mohanlal's famous dialogue in the film as caller tune. But when he switched to pre paid service it was stopped. \"I will be setting the same caller tune soon,\" said Shijin, who is known as Rajavinte Makan among his friends.\"I myself have helped around 50 persons to get mobile numbers ending with 2255 so far. Seeing one of my mobile numbers in a flex board put up by the fans association, a person from Karunagappally called up and offered me Rs 50,000. But I was not ready to part with the number,\" he said.If it is 2255 for Mohanlal fans, it is 369 for Mammootty fans. Abdul Najeeb aka Najeeb Vadakara who is the president of All Kerala Mammootty Fans and Welfare Association paid Rs 10,000 to own a BSNL number ending in 369.If it is 2255 for Mohanlal fans, it is 369 for Mammootty fans. Abdul Najeeb who is the president of All Kerala Mammootty Fans and Welfare Association paid Rs 10,000 to own a BSNL number ending in 369I have mobile numbers of almost all cell phone providers in the state ending with 2255. I had to spend Rs 15,000 to get a Vodafone number. Today I have booked a BSNL number ending with 2255", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287787", "title": "HC orders government: Pay Rs 5L to woman for hubby's death", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday directed the state government to give Rs 5 lakh as compensation to the petitioner, Sarli Devi, for custodial death of her husband, Chhangur Bhagat, in Gopalganj divisional jail a few years back.A single bench presided by Justice V N Sinha issued the directive while hearing Sarli Devi's criminal writ petition seeking compensation for custodial death of her husband on the basis of post-mortem report. Her counsel, Ranjit Kumar Pandey, submitted that on the directive of chief judicial magistrate, Gopalganj, a first- class judicial magistrate conducted an inquiry. On the basis of post-mortem report, he reached the conclusion that the deceased died of haemorrhage due to injury to his heart by a blunt object.Prakash Jha's mall: The same bench on Monday issued directions to maintain status quo on the construction of a mall by Bollywood producer-director, Prakash Jha at Bela Industrial area in Muzaffarpur.Petitioner Arun Kumar Singh claimed that his land was wrongly incorporated in Bela industrial area and was handed over along with other plots to Prakash Jha's company, which was engaged in construction of the mall in the industrial area. Additional advocate general Lalit Kishore said the construction of mall would remain suspended following the high court order.Mayawati's petition: A single bench presided by Justice Mandhata Singh on Monday gave one week time to BSP supremo Mayawati's counsel, Chittaranjan Sinha, to cite court decisions to support her case seeking quashing of cognisance taken against her by the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Patna, for use of beacon in the car carrying her after the Parivartan rally on December 31, 2004, when election process for February 2005 assembly poll had started.Mayawati's counsel submitted that before taking cognisance and issuing summons, the CJM had not ordered any inquiry into the matter. Her counsel added that she was not the owner of the white Ambassador car with beacon which had carried her from Gandhi maidan here after the rally.State government counsel Shyameshwar Dayal contested Mayawati's petition, stating that Mayawati was not the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh on the day when she was moving in the said car. On that day, the model code of conduct for 2005 assembly poll was in force, hence Mayawati's using a car with beacon was in violation of the provisions of election code of conduct under the provisions of Representation of People's Act.Primary trained teachers: A single bench presided by Justice P C Verma on Monday stayed the appointment of primary trained teachers against 450 posts for two months.The court passed the order on 38 writ petitions of Kiran Devi and other petitioners who submitted that on a contempt petition of Nand Kishore Ojha and others, the Supreme Court had constituted Justice S K Chattopadhyaya Committee to examine the genuineness of primary trained teachers' certificates of the candidates seeking appointment to the post of primary teachers. Justice Chattopadhyaya had cleared the case of 30,000 primary trained teachers who were appointed. But the posts of 450 primary teachers remained vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15286040", "title": "RTO drive continues: 32 school buses lose fitness check", "text": "COIMBATORE: The transport department's drive against violation of safety rules by vehicles run by educational institutions continued on Monday with officials scanning over 40 vehicles after summoning them to the VOC Ground in the city. The move comes in light of the death of two girl children who were crushed under the wheels of school buses in two separate incidents in Chennai and Vellore.Talking to the media on the sidelines of the fitness check, Coimbatore zone deputy transport commissioner K N Uthayanan said fitness certificates of 32 school and 19 college buses have been cancelled so far in the drive which began last week. Show cause notices and check reports have been issued to a few others, he said. The inspection is in full swing in the Nilgiris and Tirupur districts, he said.\"Officials have inspected more than 2,000 buses coming under the zone so far. There are around 3,564 buses running on behalf of educational institutions and about 1,000 of them are yet to be checked. The process will be completed in a couple of days,'' he said. Those vehicles which satisfy the rules are being conferred with fitness certificates while others are given warning notices, he said. Among the vehicles checked, 700 are from Coimbatore district alone. Transport officials are also checking driving licenses, vehicle certificates and other documents during the process.Fines have also been levied for vehicles which were detected with lapses. Some drivers complained about these inspections, saying this was a big issue for them whenever some untoward incident happened. \"These checks happen in addition to the routine checks we have to do every year. We are harassed whenever some accident happens somewhere,\" said the driver of a school bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "15287699", "title": "Retired BSNL official kidnapped", "text": "NAWADA: Rajendra Burnawal, 65, a retired BSNL official from Ranchi, was allegedly kidnapped by unidentified armed men from Nawada town and whisked away in a Bolero jeep to an unknown destination on the night of July 28. The kidnappers have demanded a ransom of Rs 25 lakh for his release. However, Nawada SP Lalan Mohan Prasad, discounted the kidnapping theory saying conflicting versions regarding the ransom amount were given by some of his acquaintances.According to sources, Burnwal, who lived in a rented house in the town's New Area locality, left for Ranchi on Saturday night, but was kidnapped on the way. His daughter, a doctor in Aurangabad, subsequently received a ransom call of Rs 25 lakh on her mobile phone from the kidnappers for his safe release. Another ransom call of Rs 4 lakh was made on the mobile phone of the victim's sister, according to the SP.The Nawada town police station SHO Upendra Sah, too, on Sunday afternoon said he was awaiting the arrival of his family members to lodge an FIR. A clear picture will emerge only after an FIR is lodged, said the SHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287013", "title": "Constable's daughter, lover held for bid to rob her parents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The parents of a 28-year old woman have accused her of trying to loot them in Anandnagar. The woman, her lover and an auto driver were caught by Anandnagar police officials on Sunday for the incident.According to Anandnagar police officials, Leela Makwana, 48, a resident of Bhagwan Bhavan Society, Anandnagar, lives with husband Mavji, a police constable with city traffic police, and daughter Meenaxi, 28. Meenaxi had left home on July 15 and came back on Saturday with a youth whom she identified as Maninder Singh.\"Leela said that Meenaxi was a divorcee and was living with her parents for nine years. According to her statement, she was tired of her life and went to Haridwar to seek peace. There, she met Maninder, a native of Jalandhar. She fell in love and began living with him in Delhi. The duo then made plans to go abroad and start life afresh, but they didn't have enough money. Meenaxi suggested they get the money from her parents and return it as they earned it,\" said an Anandnagar police official.Things did not go to plan as Leela refused to give them anything. She was angry with Meenaxi for leaving the house without telling them and for deciding to spend her life with a youth she barely knew. When the duo went to meet her, Maninder got angry and threatened to assault her but others intervened and the couple beat a retreat.\"The next day, Leela was at home when she saw Meenaxi in the vicinity. She immediately informed police of the incident. As the team arrived, Maninder managed to flee in an auto while Meenaxi was caught. We got her to call Maninder and tell him everything was back to normal. When he returned, he and Rafiq Sipahi, a resident of Sarkhej, were caught,\" said the official.Officials added the auto driver was promised a share from the loot they were planning at the residence with Meenaxi's help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15289752", "title": "Two government employees sentenced for taking bribe", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two government employees were sentenced to one-year in prison and fined Rs 50,000 each by a vigilance court for taking bribe, here on Monday. Pradyumna Kumar Panigrahi and Niranjan Lenka had taken Rs 200 as bribe in 1998.\"Panigrahi and Lenka, currently serving as diarist and peon at the Bhubaneswar employment exchange, were arrested by vigilance on December 17, 1998 for allegedly accepting Rs 100 each from a retired postmaster to offer him a favour,\" said public prosecutor Bipin Bihari Sahoo.The ex-postmaster Satyaban Tripathy of Baramunda area here had on December 16 had gone to the employment exchange to enroll the names of his son and daughter-in-law. But he had failed to furnish some documents. The convicts demanded Rs 100 for each of them from Tripathy. \"He lodged a complaint with the vigilance, which laid a trap, leading to their arrest,\" Sahoo said. Sources said Panigrahi and Lenka, who were present during the pronouncement of judgment, were granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287450", "title": "\u2018We could only watch helplessly\u2019", "text": "For armyman Kumar, the horrific images of charred bodies refuse to fade away. He was travelling in S-10 of the New Delhi-Chennai Tamil Nadu Express when S-11 coach caught fire near Nellore early on Monday. Soon, the Chandigarh-based Kumar, a native of Sengottai in Tirunelveli district, along with others prevented the fire from spreading to S-10. Kumar said he helped rescue three people from the burning coach but many others were beyond rescue. \"It was a gory sight to watch a small boy dying in front of his parents even as we watched helplessly,\" he told TOI.\"I tried to enter the burning coach but the handle was too hot. As soon as I placed my leg on the steps, my shoes started melting, so I came back,\" he said, holding back tears. \"I was helpless. We could only smell charred flesh. Though I felt guilty, I couldn't help it,\" he said.Meanwhile, D Rama Sudhakar, who was travelling in S-11 and managed to escape, said, \"we heard the screams of passengers who had just woken up.\" It was a nightmare he said adding that the emergency exit failed to open and many people were stuck before others managed to pull them out. \"I succeeded in rescuing a few persons,\" Rama Sudhakar said and added that he saw a teenager who was coming for MBBS admissions in Chennai dying in front of her mother's eyes. Rama Sudhakar, a branch manager with United India Insurance in Visakhapatnam, said all his baggage was destroyed in the blaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286622", "title": "Power from Bengal saves the day for Delhi, neighbours", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal pumped nearly 450 MW of power into the northern grid on Monday, shortly after an unprecedented blackout in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and Jammu &amp; Kashmir. The 'survival power' helped revive some of the generating stations in the northern states that suffered a total grid collapse in the wee hours of Monday.\"At the time of the grid collapse, several of our plants were not operating at capacity,\" a state power official told TOI. \"When the SOS arrived shortly after 2.30am, we began generating power full-steam. Soon, we were supplying 400-450 MW to the northern grid that had collapsed. States in the western region also helped with supplies to the afflicted north,\" he added.The eastern region had suffered two grid collapses in the 1990s. But improvement in the infrastructure and better grid discipline has made the network more robust. The last time there was a grid collapse was in 2009 when the Aila struck.According to sources, excess drawing of power by Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab from the Gwalior-Agra 765 KV transmission line led to the crisis. One of the lines was shut for maintenance and the other that was carrying power from the western region to the northern region tripped, leading to a huge demand-supply mismatch that caused a massive swing.This, in turn, triggered cascaded tripping. Within seconds, the northern grid was isolated from the other regions. There are allegations that Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab have been regularly overdrawing electricity from the grid, forcing Delhi and Rajasthan to under-draw power.\"The northern grid that is connected to the east and west is a huge network and has lot of protection. But everything failed on Monday. Had the western grid tripped, the eastern grid would have been sucked into the abyss,\" the official said.\"Barring natural calamities, the grid in the east is quite stable now. Of course, lack of industrialization also means that demand for power has not escalated like it has in rest of the country. It is only this year that power demand has shot up marginally due to installation of several thousand home ACs in cities this summer,\" a power department source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289132", "title": "Punit Malhotra goes to Istanbul sans Sonam", "text": "Director Punit Malhotra was surely relieved since Imran Khan had finally decided to stay back in his second project to be made under the Dharma Productions banner. And now that the director's professional life seems to be under control, he has decided to take time out for himself.A source close to Dharma told us, \"He has ample time now that his film will start only next year. He has gone to Istanbul with a bunch of friends and will be spending at least 2 weeks there. He intends to start the pre- production work once he returns.\"Punit made his debut as a director with I Hate Luv Storys starring Imran and his 'good friend' Sonam Kapoor . On being asked whether Sonam accompanied him to Istanbul, the source said, \"No, she didn't go.\"Punit however, remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286182", "title": "Andhra Pradesh unaffected by Northern grid collapse", "text": "HYDERABAD: There was no impact on power supply in the state following the Northern grid failure. However, the APTransco officials have decided to monitor the grid round-the-clock.AP Transco chairman and managing director Hiralal Samaria held an emergency meeting with grid director P Sri Rama Rao, senior engineers and reviewed the latest power supply position and precautions to be taken for maintaining much better grid stability in the state.The member secretary of Energy Coordination Cell said all-out and coordinated efforts of AP power utilities, including four major factors such as effective fault analysis, 24x7 monitoring of grid, automatic disturbance control mechanism and island mode grid mechanism, have fully insulated the stateagainst Northern grid collapse, occurred in the early hours of July 30.In view of the Northern grid collapse, Hiralal Samaria said there was no power blackout in the Southern grid since September 11, 2001 (previous grid collapse day) and it was mainly due to enhanced grid discipline along with advanced planning, adequate investments in strengthening the transmission and distribution network and upgrading sub-stations. He asked the officials to maintain grid frequency between 49.5 Hz and 50.2 Hz as per the Indian Electricity Grid Code.According to energy experts, the major grid disturbance experienced in the state in September 11, 2001 was mainly due to reflection of an electrical fault in a neighbouring state which had led to cascading impact on all the southern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15289907", "title": "Income tax department website crashes", "text": "MUMBAI: The volume of income-tax applications has increased after the department has made it mandatory for all those who earn over Rs 10 lakh per annum or own assets abroad to file their returns online, causing the department's website to crash intermittently as several assesees try to register before the due date.But income-tax officers and employees have been helping taxpayers negotiate countdown to their annual income-tax returns all week. Tuesday, July 31, is the last day to file returns. \"Application volume has surged, causing the department's website to crash intermittently as several assesees try to register before the due date,\" said chartered accountant Ashit Desai who could log on in his third try.There is hope for those who miss the July-31 deadline. The I-T PRO said, \"Those who have no outstanding taxes may file their returns after the date , but those who owe tax will have to pay interest on the amount.\"The virtual migration has resulted in considerably fewer assesees at the BKC office. \"The office at BKC is the one-point form collection centre for salaried people. Businesspersons and those having other sources of income can visit I-T offices in their areas,\" said a helpdesk officer.Unlike previous years, when long queues were visible at tax collection counters, a trickle of applicants arrived last week. On Monday,the penultimate day for filing, an average of three or four persons could be seen at each collection counter in BKC.For the first time, the department had installed tax kiosks manned by tax return preparers (TRPs) to help people fill forms and do basic calculations. The kiosks functioned for three days last week across 12 locations including Andheri, Byculla, Bandra and Navi Mumbai.Consultation was available free of cost but the TRPs were not authorized to accept returns. They were neither I-T department staffers nor, in some cases, chartered accountants. Assesees had to still visit I-T offices at BKC or Aaykar Bhavan to do so,or assign the task to a CA. But they could engage TRPs for Rs 250. As the help desk was not adequately publicized, few took advantage. \"This is the first year we are reaching out, and the aim is to show we are not mere collectors but render service to taxpayers ,\" said Anand Mudaliar, who oversaw the kiosk at Vidya Vikas Hall, Andheri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15286321", "title": "Jawan held on rape charge undergoes potency test", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A jawan accused of raping his superior officer's daughter was made to undergo a potency test at the Ooty government hospital, said the Nilgiris police on Monday.Bhupender Singh, 28, a jawan attached to the Defence Service Staff College (DSSC) at Wellington in the Nilgiris, was arrested on July 21 on charges of rape. \"He underwent a potency test in the Ooty government hospital. The results are awaited,\" said M Madasamy, DSP, Coonoor. \"The case would be investigated further after the test report is received. The accused is at present under judicial custody,\" he added.Singh was working as an orderly in the girl's house at the DSSC.According to the police, he has been charged under IPC section 376 (rape). A medical examination of the girl on July 20 confirmed rape and Singh was arrested the next day. The alleged incident took place when the girl's parents was out on work. The girl had stayed back at home since was sick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285852", "title": "Mills with more than 10% dues to face action", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sugarcane farmers from Uttar Pradesh will stage a sit-in outside cane commissioner Kamran Rizvi's office on Tuesday. The sit-in follows a series of ongoing and planned agitations by sugarcane farmers to force the Samajwadi Party government to order immediate release of cane dues to sugarcane farmers in UP. Till last week, the non-payment of dues was threatening to assume political overtones, with many farmer groups suggesting that the SP government had failed to protect farmers' interests despite calling them as their \"biggest vote bank.\"Following state-wide agitations and fearing a political backlash, the state government has tightened the noose around defaulting sugar mills. Sources confirmed that UP has decided to issue recovery notices to all sugar mills with more than 10% dues pending. Though the orders for issuing recovery notices have already been prepared, and a formal sanction by the state government is awaited. At present, two private sugar mills, allegedly owned by Modi Sugar, have registered the highest pendency in payment of farmers' dues. The government has also settled, within the last week, electricity dues of nearly Rs 100 crore, which it owed to sugar mills. The mill owners had argued that non-payment of this amount was among the reasons why they were unable to pay the farmers. Currently, UP government still owes mill owners electricity dues approximately Rs 500 crore.After the protests by farmers, nearly 16 sugar mills had settled their dues by Monday. However, private and cooperative mills still collectively owe about Rs 1,650 crore to cane farmers. Protesting the delay in payment despite standing orders of the Supreme Court, farmers started their agitations in west UP in June. Recently, protests also extended to other parts of the state.Earlier, the Supreme Court had ordered the UP government and sugar mill owners to settle cane arrears in three instalments -- on May 7, June 7 and July 7 -- to sugarcane farmers. The court also ruled that if the government and private millers failed to settle the arrears by July 7, 2012, the remaining amount would attract an additional interest of 16%.Speaking to TOI, Bharatiya Kisan Union leader Naresh Tikait said, \"The farmers have suffered badly as a result of this delay in payment. During the Bahujan Samaj Party regime, the government was stricter in dealing with sugar mil owners. As a result, farmers were able to get their dues. This year, the situation is particularly bad, with the bulk of dues still unpaid.\" Tikait, who headed protests in Shamli and Prabudh Nagar districts of the state, said BKU proposes to extend these protests to entire UP. \"We will organise sit-ins outside sugar mills. If the cane dues are not paid, we will demand the release of sugar stocks, so that farmers can recover at least some of their money,\" Tikait added.State president of Rashtriya Lok Dal , Hardeo Singh, said, \"Cane farmers in the state have taken a terrible beating because of this delayed payment. Ahead of the next harvest season, there is widespread black marketing of fertilisers, fuel prices have shot up and farmers have no money to meet their expenses. The government has failed to build pressure on the sugar mill owners to settle dues. It is because of this laidback approach that the farmers are suffering.\"At present, UP is the biggest producer sugarcane in the country. It also ranks number two in sugar production. Sugarcane is produced in 44 districts of the state, of which 28 are regarded as major sugarcane producing districts. According to details available with the state's cane department, UP has 125 operational sugar mills, with over 40 lakh sugarcane farmers in the state. Of these, about 29 lakh sugarcane farmers are members of 168 UP Cooperative Cane Development Societies. Sugarcane is supplied to mills through these societies.Of the total Rs 1,650 crore worth of cane dues, government-run cooperative sugar mills owe farmers groups approximately Rs 134 crore, while private millers owe the remaining dues. President, Kisan Jagriti Manch, Sudhir Panwar, said, \"We will wait till July end for the government to settle the dues. Once we meet the chief minister in this regard, we will decide the future course of action; either take the legal route or scale up the farmer agitations.\"Meanwhile, officials say that the government is committed to pay the farmers their due. Though some payment has already been made, they said, the remaining would also be released in due course of time.Govt Swings Into Action After Sugarcane Farmers Announce To Stage Sit-In In The City", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15287470", "title": "Age of maturity: For GenX, adulthood begins at 30", "text": "MELBOURNE: You are able to vote and drink by the time you hit 21, but 30 is the year that most young people believe signifies the switch to adulthood, a new study has found. According to the study conducted by Melbourne's Brotherhood of St Laurence charity , the 30th birthday is now regarded by most young people as their \"changeover\" year and the landmark 21 is seen as a time to have a great party. With traditional markers of maturity like moving out of home, marrying and completing education stretching into the late 20s or early 30s, the landmark birthday is regarded more as a chance to party than the end of childhood, 'news.com.au' reported. Researchers found that no longer is the age of 21, regarded as the end of childhood, as it has been for decades. The study, carried out from the time babies were born in two Melbourne suburbs in 1990, found that only 38% of them believed they had reached maturity by the age of 21. As many as 13% were adamant that they were not adults when their 21st birthday came around. The remaining 49% couldn't decide. Janet Taylor, a senior researcher with the charity, said that some of the young people were keen on adulthood, their independence and maturity, while others admitted they were not ready when their 21st year arrived. \"For some, the fact they were earning independent money and making their own decisions made them feel adult and for some they liked that they didn't have to take adult responsibilities yet,\" Taylor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15287037", "title": "Agro meet planned amid rain anxiety", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Even as the state stares at a water deficient monsoon in the face, the Gujarat government plans to organize an Agro Vibrant Gujarat investment summit in September this year. The event is proposed to be held in the first week of September.While the Vibrant Gujarat industrial investment summit is scheduled to be held in January after the polls to the state assembly are held later this year, the agro summit would be an event that the state government plans to hold just before the polls are announced by the Election Commission of India.Sources say the agro summit would be a precursor to the larger event that the government has planned in the form of the industrial summit. However, the design and pattern of the event would be very much the same. It would be marked with a series of seminars, workshops and presentations on the agriculture sector. A major exhibition would be organized as well. The purpose is to rope in agro-based industries located outside to invest in Gujarat.\"The event would be a prelude to the industrial summit and the focus would be on the agro based and food processing units to set up shop in Gujarat. We are looking at some of the major industries to come here in the next few months and invest in the food processing industry,\" said an official.Sources revealed that a large delegation from the agro industrial sector in Israel would be among the key participants at the agro summit. In addition to this, the government expects more than 100 industrial houses from the agro sector at the national level to participate in the event.The government in its agro industrial policy has stated that Gujarat stands fourth in the country in terms of per capita agricultural output. The state government has also identified agro and food processing industries as one of the thrust industries in its industrial policy since 1995-2000. However, substantial investments have not come to this sector. Further, actual implementation of such projects has been poor, and less than Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287449", "title": "Train care centre in Chennai needs thorough ovehaul", "text": "CHENNAI: Early on Monday, just minutes after the horrific rail accident near Nellore, messages on rail safety blared out of the public address system at Chennai central. Less than halfa-kilometre away, at the Basin Bridge Train Care Centre, things were the way they have been for long \u2014 maintenance staff wading through filthy pit lanes to check the underside of trains and certifying them fit even before giving the train a decent look.The pit lines at the centre, Southern Railway's largest, are often full of water, slush and filth. \"We don't spend much time on checks. It can be dangerous, but there is nothing we can do. It stinks a lot. The rain water is mixed with drainage. We dread walking in knee-deep water,\" said a staff member.Everyday, about 24 trains or 1,000 coaches are certified for operation at the 21 pit lines. Last month, workers at the centre went on a flash strike after a colleague died. Officials promised to clear up the mess in a day, but nothing has changed.The filth often gets into trains. Passengers have constantly complained about unclean toilets, rodents in compartments, soiled bed rolls, bed bugs, hanging electric wires and unserviced air-conditioners in almost every train.Officials cite lack of adequate staff. A senior official said, \"Railways provide huge mobility to millions of people everyday. It's impossible to ensure every train is spic and span. We do our best to ensure passenger safety.\" In the same tone, she added, \"we tell people not to carry inflammable material like gas cylinders and lighters in coaches.\" But passengers say, more than inflammables, it's the hanging wires and poorly maintained airconditioners that cause fire inside coaches.The railways, passengers say, is callous about safety. Every year, it promises to increase the network to match demand with supply. \"Demand has been going up, so have new routes. But infrastructure hasn't improved. The increasing incidence of accidents is a reflection of the government's utter disregard for safety on trains,\" said S Mani, a retired bank employee who travels frequently by train.Railway Vision 2020 promises to make railway operations accident-free through the use of advanced technologies, but little progress has been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15286784", "title": "Revenue department exam postponed from August 5 to 19", "text": "YAVATMAL: A total of 45,000 candidates have filed application forms for the 150 vacant posts of talathi and clerk in the revenue department. The written exam for these posts had been scheduled for August 5 and 12 initially. However, due to the recent natural calamity of floods, officers and employees are busy with the panchanama of damages and distribution of financial assistance to the flood hit. So, the exam scheduled on August 5 will now be held on August 19, while the exam schedule for August 12 remains unchanged.According to collector Ashwin Mudgal, the district administration is unable to hold the exam at one place as expected earlier due to the large number of applications. \"We have decided to postpone the exam scheduled on August 5 to August 19,\" the collector said, adding that the exam will now be held at 71 centres situated in Yavatmal, Darwah, Digras and Pusad tehsils as per the revised schedule. Over 1,500 employees will be deployed to conduct the exams, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289772", "title": "People love my voice on Kareena: Sunidhi Chauhan", "text": "The queen of item numbers, Sunidhi Chauhan , was in the city for a concert. TOI spoke to her on the sidelinesHow is life post-marriage? How do you balance work and home? Life is beautiful. It was beautiful earlier too and now it's even more so. And, there is no need to balance as such. People have been very supportive, especially my husband Hitesh. It is all about effective time management.After \"Sheila ki jawani\", \"Halkat jawani\" is making headlines... I am very happy about it. The buzz is that people are loving Kareena's look in the film. They love my voice on Kareena, be it in \" Ajnabi\" , \"Chameli \" and now \"Heroine\". The combination is back again.What does the term Halkat mean? Halkat in Bambaiya bhasha means dimaag kharab karne wali, sarphiri.You are known as the \"queen of item songs\", how do you feel when people criticize the trend of item songs? It is ok, it is their right. However, what they don't realize is that item songs are also the most special songs of the movie, which is why they are promoted foremost.Reality talent hunt shows are a good platform for young talents. Do you miss not having a platform like that in your growing years? No. When kids were busy playing at the age of 11, I was singing for the heroine of \"Shastra\". Then I participated in a competition called \"Meri Awaz Suno\" when I was 13 years old. It was not a reality show, as in people could not vote. There I got to meet Lataji, Bhupen Hazarikaji and Parveen Sultanaji. Then when I was 15 years old, \"Mast\" happened and my life changed. So, I don't have any regrets in life. I had a blast. I didn't want to study, and my father agreed to that. I just wanted to do what I was best at, that is singing. I would say I am the happiest person on earth.You mean such platforms aren't necessary for talented singers? Nowadays it is important. There are so many struggling singers that you do not know whom to give that opportunity. So we need a show jisse doodh ka doodh and pani ka pani ho jay e. It's good to have a platform to decide who gets that one chance.For many, the talent hunt has been just 15 minutes of fame. Who remembers Abhijeet Sawant , Sandeep Acharya, Prashant Tamang , Sourabhee and Shreeram? You need to be extraordinarily talented to get a break in the market. You can be the best in a group of people. But the question is, are you the best of the best? Do you have that in you? I guess most of them have lacked that.Are you saying the contestants who won the show after gruelling rounds weren't talented? See, listening to someone else's song and performing that again is easy. But when you are given a fresh song and you have to put in your ideas, your effort, a fresh approach and your harkatein, that's where the real test lies.Are you singing for any Bengali movies next? I get calls every other day to sing in Bengali films. Since I am not too familiar with the language, I don't remember the names. Last, I had sung for Jeet Gannguli's film, which I guess hasn't also released till now.You nurtured a secret dream to be a Bollywood actor. When are you going to make the dream come true? I didn't harbour any dreams as such, but yes , many people think I can act too. At present I'm happy singing. Maybe in future I will try my hand at acting too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287109", "title": "Aaj ki sham Mohammad Rafi saheb ke naam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the 32nd death anniversary of legendary singer Mohammad Rafi, Vasant Sindhav (63) and his friends will pay a befitting tribute to the singer whose voice moved many hearts to tears. Sindhav has dedicated an entire room of his Jivraj Park home to his collection of Rafi's songs.\"I will host a special evening to remember Rafi saheb, where we will listen to the maestro's best songs. We are a group of like-minded people who gather and pay homage to the singer by listening to and appreciating his songs,\" said Sindhav.Sindhav who has been a Rafi fan since his youth, has painstakingly put together a rare collection of 35,000 songs by the singer. This includes 750 long playing records (LPs) apart from hundreds of cassettes, CDs and DVDs.\"Mohammad Rafi was a legend and though it has been over three decades since he passed away, he continues to live in the hearts of millions through his songs. I have made a humble effort to keep him alive for the future generations,\" said Sindhav, a retired government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15288716", "title": "Deepika Padukone is Bhansali's Juliet", "text": "Sanjay Leela Bhansali , who reportedly wasn't too keen on having a 'married' Juliet as the female lead in Ram Leela, has finally found his heroine. Deepika Padukone will now be seen romancing Ranveer Singh in the filmmaker's adaptation of Shakespeare's famous play.After Kareena Kapoor left the project, due to 'contractual differences', the filmmaker reportedly wanted Priyanka Chopra and later Katrina Kaif to play the role.An insider revealed that since the female lead needed to be fair, Kat was a strong contender. But Dippy, however, clinched the deal. A source close to the project revealed, \"Bhansali wanted an A list heroine to play Leela. He approached Katrina but she did not have dates. Deepika was the only one with available dates for the project. Bhansali was only too happy to have her.\"Interestingly, Deepika's dates did not come too easily. The actress apparently gave the dates she had allotted for the Ekta Kapoor - Karan Johar joint venture to Bhansali. \"The other project was taking too much time. The script wasn't ready. So Deepika simply transferred her dates to Bhansali's film,\" another source told us.Transferring dates to other projects, however, is not a new phenomena for Deepika. The actress, who had donned a go-getter attitude this year, had pulled out of Ramesh Taurani's Race 2 after shooting for a week. That time too, she had reportedly wanted to allot her dates to other projects.Ever since then, Deepika has bagged several other projects that had earlier been pitched to her colleagues from the industry. Reportedly, after Kareena Kapoor opted out of Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express, Deepika jumped in to bag the role.This time too, Deepika seems to have emerged successful. \"She signed on the dotted lines only recently. Bhansali had approached her about 25 days back. He also considering a fresh face but was happy to have Deepika on board,\" said the source close to the project.Meanwhile, Ranveer is unperturbed with the entire struggle to find his leading lady. He has finished a long workshop in Gujarat understanding the character and is waiting for Bhansali to take the film on floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15274285", "title": "Cartoon rakhis, a rage this Raksha Bandhan", "text": "There is some good news for all cartoon lovers this Raksha Bandhan as your favourite super heroes are all set to be part of this year's celebration .Confused? Don't be, with marketers launching new strategies to attract the young crowd, stylish rakhis made on the likes of some latest superheros have become a rage this season. The list includes the names of Spiderman, Batman, Ninja hattori and Ben10 among others.Kadir khan, city's biggest wholesaler of Rakhis shares, \"Earlier people preferred only designer Rakhis, but this year, in order to attract the kids and the young lot, the marketers have launched cartoon rakhis and the market is flooded with such Rakhis this time. Cartoon characters like Ben10, Spiderman, Batman and Ninja Hattori are most popular,\" he says and adds, \"Another reason, I feel, behind the launch of such rakhis is the success of Batman and Spiderman movies. Kids feel special about them.\"Since everything comes with a cost, these special rakhis come with a special price tag. \"Earlier a rakhi used to cost somewhere between 5 and 10 rupees but now the average price of these rakhis has crossed Rs 100, with some even costing more than Rs 500, which was never the case earlier. Itne me to log silver rakhi kharid lete the, \" claims another wholesaler Irshad Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286269", "title": "Devotees throng city temples on last Somvar of Shrawan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Devotees thronged various city temples on last Monday of Shrawan to offer prayers to lord Shiva.Even rain and power failure could not deter their spirits and heavy rush of devotees was witnessed in the Mankameshwar Temple and Padila Mahadeo temple at Phaphamau.A large number of kanwariyas also gathered at Shiva temples to offer holy water. Throwing light on the importance of Somvar, Dr Ram Naresh Tripathi said that it is said that lord Shiva showers blessings on all those who remember him with true heart.Millions of devout Hindus observe the Shrawan Somwar Vrat - fasting and performing Pujas.In Varanasi, lakhs of devotees offered jalabhishek at Kashi Vishwanath and other temples of Lord Shiva on the last Monday of Shrawan.In comparison to the second Monday, when a sea of saffron clad Kanwariyas and pilgrims flooded the city, the turnout was low on the last Monday. The crowd queued up for offering jalabhishek at KVT was more in comparison to first and third Mondays of the holy month.The short spells of heavy shower on Sunday evening and night compelled Kanwariyas not to occupy the barricaded areas since Sunday evening. By wee hours on Monday, the size of queues increased. The sanctum sanctorum of the KVT was opened for the pilgrims after Mangla Aarti at 4 am. Massive turnout of devotees was also visible at Markandeya Mahadeo temple, Kaithi, Mrityunjaya Mahadeo, Onkaleshwar, Kedareshwar, Tilbhandeshwar, KVT in Banaras Hindu University, Rameshwar, Shooltankeshwar and other prominent temples of Lord Shiva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285839", "title": "Protesters target Sharad Pawar\u2019s house", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ignoring police's warning to stay away from VIP areas, around 70 activists claiming to be India Against Corruption (IAC) workers protested outside the Janpath residence of Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Monday afternoon.Police promptly detained around 35 of them and dispersed the rest. This was the third protest against UPA ministers in three days. On Saturday, they had protested at the PM's residence, and on Sunday they targeted home Minister P Chidambaram's residence in ChennaiThe protesters reached 6, Janpath around 2.15pm shouting anti-corruption slogans. They were wearing Anna caps and carrying flags and placards. Some tried forcing their way in. Police had to call in reinforcements to contain the crowd. The protestors were asked to sit quietly in a police bus before being driven away.\"We took around 35 of them, including 11 women, in preventive detention. They were taken to Tughlaq Road police station, from where they were let off later,\" said a senior police officer.Team Anna denied having allowed or organized any such protest. A spokesperson of IAC told TOI that they were not associated with this incident and had no information about it.On Sunday, police had sent a letter to the protest organizers, to abide by their pre-protest written undertaking to not create a ruckus outside the PM's residence.Delhi Police have now beefed up security around several VIP bungalows and also at Jantar Mantar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287736", "title": "Leading paan masalas have nicotine?", "text": "PATNA: If you thought leading brands of paan masala like Rajnigandha and Manikchand don't contain nicotine, as they claim, give a second thought to it. The state food safety commissioner cum health secretary, Sanjay Kumar , has issued an order to test them for nicotine content after Union health ministry submitted a Central Tobacco Research Institute report recently in the Supreme Court confirming presence of nicotine in them.Kumar said on Monday he has asked all designated officers and food safety officers to collect samples of all leading paan brands. He said, \"Ten samples of leading brands of paan masala would be retested for nicotine. If they are found to contain nicotine, they, too, would be prohibited to effectively impose the ban on tobacco products in the state.\"As per the report of Andhra Pradesh-based research institute submitted to the apex court, gutka (Goa 1000), gutka RMD (Manikchand), paan masala (Rajnigandha) and khaini (Chaini Khaini) and khaini (Raja) contain 2.04%, 1.88%, 2.26%, 0.58% and 1.02% nicotine respectively.The state government banned the sale, distribution and production of nicotine containing products from May this year, based on the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India regulation no 2.3.4 notified in August 2011.Deepak Mishra, executive director of an NGO, SEEDS, said if these products are found containing nicotine, they must be banned with immediate effect. He added, \"After the ban on gutka products, the sale of leading paan masala brands, which people think don't contain nicotine, has increased alarmingly.\"Tobacco consumption is the causative factor in 40% cancer cases, the maximum by any factor. According to a survey, 53.5% people in Bihar use tobacco, highest in the country. According to experts, nicotine affects all organs of body from head to toe.Noted surgeon Dr A A Hai on Monday said, \"The most common cancers caused by tobacco are the ones of oral cavity and upper aerodigestive tract. Bronchitis is another common disease caused which causes problems in breathing. Apart from that, eyes, lungs, abdomen, blood, heart vessels and urinary tract are also affected.\" He added what added to the misery of the suffering families was the high cost of treatment. Pregnant women should avoid tobacco products, especially because that can affect foetus. The consumption of tobacco can also affect reproductive health of both males and females, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285460", "title": "Ajmer dargah to get Zardari\u2019s $1m donation: Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after media reports quoted the authorities of the Moinuddin Chishti dargah in Ajmer saying that they were yet to receive the Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari's donation, the Pakistani high commission on Monday said that arrangements were in place to make the contribution as announced by him to the shrine in April.In a brief statement, Pakistani high commission termed media reports as \"speculative\" and said the \"arrangements are in hand\" to make the donation as announced. \"The high commission thanks the Government of India, the state authorities, and the dargah committees for their cooperation in this regard,\" it said.Zardari, during his day-long visit on April 8, had offered prayers at the historic 13th century dargah of sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti after which a donation of $1 million for the shrine was also announced by him. Recent reports said that three months after the announcement, the amount was still to be transferred to the dargah. They said former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf had followed up on his donation within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286955", "title": "98 autorickshaw drivers fined for refusing to ply", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police fined 98 autorickshaw drivers for refusing to ply and collected a fine of Rs 14,800 in a special two-day drive.Traffic officials said the traffic branch has been receiving complaints about autorickshaw drivers refusing to take passengers, demanding exorbitant fares and behaving rudely. In the past, traffic officials and the regional transport office have conducted joint action against such drivers.As part of the two-day drive, the traffic police took action against vehicle users for lane cutting and stopping vehicles on zebra crossings. As many as 895 vehicle users were fined for stopping on zebra crossings and a fine of Rs 92,300 was collected. Action was taken against 941 vehicles users for lane cutting and a fine of Rs 98,600 was collected.Traffic officials have urged autorickshaw drivers not to refuse passengers or demand exorbitant fares. The traffic branch also appealed to citizens to not stop vehicles on zebra crossings. The department will continue to hold such surprise checks, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287436", "title": "Laila Khan\u2019s father takes back CBI probe plea", "text": "Nadir Hussain Patel, who had earlier sought a CBI probe into the death of his daughter, starlet Laila Khan, and other family members, on Monday told Bombay HC he wished to withdraw the petition.Patel's lawyer Ejaz Khan did not give a reason for the sudden about-turn . Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi will hear the application on Tuesday. Patel had alleged that cops waited for 18 months and allowed evidence to be destroyed in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286165", "title": "Tenders for toll tax on Outer Ring Road okayed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over a year after two Outer Ring Road (ORR) stretches - Pedda Amberpet-Patancheru and Narsingi-Gachibowli - were thrown open to commuters, tenders for manual collection of toll tax along these routes have been finalised.The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has issued a GO on Monday entrusting the user-fee collection contract to M/s PK Hospitality Services Ltd for Rs 22.73 crore for 18 months, which means the contractor has to pay Rs 1.26 crore per month to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA).The contractor will collect toll tax at Pedda Amberpet, Bongulur, Raviryal, Tukkuguda, Pedda Golconda, Shamshabad, Rajendranagar, APPA, Kokapet, Edulanagulapally, Patancheru and Nanakramguda interchange. However, MA&UD; department has rejected the proposal by HMDA to also award contracts for the ORR stretches between Patancheru and Shamirpet and from Shamirpet to Pedda Amberpet for which quotations have been sought from bidders M/s PK Hospitality Services Pvt Ltd and M/s Sahakar Global Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15285959", "title": "Corpn plans to shift Omni bus stand to de-congest busy stretch", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore municipal corporation plans to shift the Omni bus stand towards the rear end of CODISSIA hall to decongest the busy stretch near GP Theatre. The proposal is expected to ease the burden of accommodating Omni buses plying to Bangalore, Kerala, Chennai and other districts from the busy stretch of Sathy Road and Dr Radhakrishnan Salai and the traffic intersection at Sathy Road-100 Feet road.The resolution to send a proposal seeking the state government's permission to shift the bus terminal to the new location was passed in the council meeting held at the Coimbatore municipal corporation on Monday. If the state government approves the corporation's plan, then the new Omni bus stand will be situated about 80 feet behind the CODISSIA hall spread across 11.7 acres.\"The decision to shift the Omni bus stand to the new location was taken after conducting detailed discussions and scouting for locations. Shortage of space and land availability forced us to settle on the new location near COSISSIA HallOut of the 11.7 acres of land available, the corporation plans to merge 8.44 acre of land with the Bhoomidhan board and the remaining 2.73 acres will belong to the CODISSIA complex. Officials say that the permission to utilize 11.7 acres of Bhoomidhan board's land will ultimately depend on Commissioner of Land Administration's final approval.\"The approach road to CODISSIA has been handed over to the corporation already and we are developing a scheme road connecting Avinashi towards the proposed site. There were some legal hurdles as a matriculation school interfered with the proposed route. Now, it is being diverted towards the eastern side,\" said a corporation official.However, Omni bus operators say that if the location is shifted from Sathy Road to CODISSIA then passengers will have difficulty in approaching the bus stand. They also added that the existing one acre and the adjoining two acres of land belonging to the corporation was enough to expand the parking facilities of the Omni bus stand.\"It will be difficult for people to reach the new bus stand near CODISSIA. But we have to comply with the corporation's decision,\" said R Bhaskar, president, Tamil Nadu Omni Bus Owners Association (Coimbatore).The Omni bus stand on Sathy Road caters to a large number of passengers and also goods transporters operating out of the stand claimed that there are about 100 buses using the bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285682", "title": "City to get rain in 48 hrs: Met department", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rainfall activity is expected to revive in the city in next 48 hours and intensify thereafter. Light to moderate rain is expected on Tuesday and Wednesday. However, rainfall will be more in some parts of west and central UP. In comparison, eastern region will receive rain only at a few places.State Met director JP Gupta said there is an upper air cyclonic circulation over west UP and adjoining districts in central part of the state. He said the circulation will cause good rainfall in west and central UP. The city, however, is expected to receive light to moderate rain, he said. The rainfall would reduce the deficit due to below normal rain so far in west UP, he said. West UP districts received some rain on Monday as well, he added.According to reports, while Sambhal recorded 130 mm rain in last 24 hours, Banda and Moradabad recorded 110 mm, Etawah and Hamirpur 50 mm each, Haidergarh, Jaunpur, Rae Bareli 40 mm each, Agra, Jhansi, Rampur, Mirzapur and Unnao 30 mm each, Kanpur, Bareilly and Mathura 20 mm each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15284801", "title": "Nun dies as speeding auto topples over", "text": "BANGALORE: One nun died and two others suffered serious injuries when their autorickshaw driver lost control, rammed into a median and toppled near Trinity Circle on Monday morning.While Sr Loyola, 78, succumbed to serious injuries, Sr Luvila, 62, and Sr Celsa, 62, were taken to St John's Hospital. All three belonged to Jyothi Nilaya Convent of Bethany Sisters in Lingarajapuram.These health missionaries had retired as nuns and were undergoing treatment in St John's Hospital for their ailments. While Sr Loyola was a heart patient, Sr Luvila had kidney problems and Sr Celsa was a cancer patient.After finishing treatment, they left the hospital by an autorickshaw to Lingarajapuram. But driver Lokesh, 24, was over-speeding and around 11m, while taking a left to Trinity Church from ASC Canteen, he lost control and the vehicle turned turtle.All the injured were taken to Air Force Command Hospital and then transferred to St John's Hospital. At 1.45pm, while undergoing treatment Sr Loyola passed aw", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "15286641", "title": "Now, panchayats compete to fight female feticide", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: Haryana panchayats, which had been earning bad publicity for the past one decade, now seems in a new mode by competing with each to organize mahapanchayats against female foeticide in different parts of the state.After first women driven khap mahapanchayat in Bibipur village of Jind district, now one more such would be organized in Chandana village of Kaithal district in August. The decision to hold another khap mahapanchayat was taken in a village panchayat in Chandana village on Sunday. Young sarpanch of the Chandana village, Surender Chandana said that they would hold another panchayat on August 5 to finalize the date of mahapanchayat. sukhbir sivach", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285977", "title": "Other issues swell crowd at ground", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna has competition. As Anna, his entourage, and supporters gathered at Jantar Mantar road on day six of the fight against corruption, three other groups also staged demonstrations nearby. They may not have enjoyed support in equally large numbers, but they did manage to make their presence felt in the midst of Hazare's high-profile campaign.Left parties staged a massive dharna metres away from Anna's set-up. The demonstration, which began on Monday is expected to continue till August 3, called for a comprehensive Food Security Bill.Activists from different parts of the country asked for cheap and quality ration, universal public distribution system , and fair price for farmers, among other things. But the primary concern for those present seemed to be inflation.Saroj Devi, who heads a union that organizes meals for government schools in Haryana, says, \"The kids cannot focus on studies because of inadequate food and nutrition.\"Many prominent figures like Prakash Karat ( general secretary, CPM), Sitaram Yechury, Debbrata Biswas (general secretary, AIFB), Brinda Karat , and A B Bardhan were present at the stir.A protest by a women's organization, held on the corner where Jantar Mantar Road meets Sansad Marg, also focused on price rise. From a small tent on the road, over a hundred women shouted slogans against the government.Another protest on Parliament Street, organized by the RNTCP (Revised National TB Control Programme) employees association, also included a brief march at the Jantar Mantar Area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15287512", "title": "Severe penalty needed to curb rising rate of mishaps: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: In the Andheri case, the magistrate court suggested that the police change the charge from \"culpable homicide not amounting to murder\" to the less strict \"causing death by negligence\", but lawyers said such cases should attract the former section.In January, the Supreme Court upheld a three-year jail sentence for Alistair Pereira by the Bombay high court. Pereira (26), who was sentenced for the deaths of seven persons in a drunk driving case in 2006, was convicted under Section 304 (II) of the IPC, which deals with punishment for an act, committed with the knowledge that it is likely to cause death, but without any intention to cause death. Former public prosecutor Satish Borulkar, who had represented the state before HC in the Pereira case, said, \"Before the judgment, it was difficult for the police to apply Sect-ion 304 but now, this should be applied .\" Under Section 304, if a person is held guilty of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, he can be jailed for up to 10 years. But under Section 304 (A), for which a person is convicted of rash and negligent driving, he can be imprisoned for up to two years only.Agreeing that strict action against drunk driving was necessary, former IPS officer and now advocate Y P Singh said, \"Under Section 304, knowledge that the act can cause death is essential. When a person is driving drunk, he knows that such an act can cause death.\"Echoing him, criminal lawyer Majeed Memon also said though the application of a section depended on the facts of a case, the incidents should be dealt with severely. \"There is a thin line between the two sections . But nowadays, drunk driving cases are surging and the severity in punishment and the application of stringent law are needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289742", "title": "Ketan Mehta to make a film on 'Mountain Man'", "text": "Distinguished filmmaker Ketan Mehta has an ambitious bio-pic planned for early next year.He is going to shoot the amazing story of the Bihari 'Mountain Man', the poor destitute labourer Dashrath Manjhi who spent 22 years of his life single handedly digging a road into a mountain with a hammer and chisel after his wife died because the mountain prevented him from taking her to the nearest hospital 70 kms away from his village near the town of Gaya.Inspired by the man's indomitable spirit, Ketan Mehta informs, \"I've named it The Mountain Man . It's a great heroic inspirational story waiting to be told. I plan to cast a newcomer in the role. No established actor can play this hero. So I've two extremely antithetical bio-pics lined up as soon as Rang Rasiya releases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286122", "title": "Fleeing Myanmar Muslims seek refuge in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fleeing from the communal conflagration in Myanmar, a group of about 30 Muslims have arrived in Hyderabad to seek refuge.M Mandakini, field officer of United Nations High Commission for Refugees that is working in collaboration with the Cova in the city, said that many of them have taken shelter in Hafiz Babanagar and Kishanbagh where already a considerable number of Myanmar citizens reside. \"We don't have the exact count of the people. But we know that some 30 persons from Myanmar arrived during the last two weeks and are living with their countrymen. A local NGO, Safa Baitulmal, has provided them with some relief material,\" she said. According to sources, the Rohingyas (Myanmar Muslims who mostly live in Arakarn region) who are considered by the UN as one of the most persecuted communities in the world, chose Hyderabad as it is already host to some 22 families who are registered as refugees. There are 25 more waiting to get the refugee status. Most of them are daily wage earners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286487", "title": "Power cuts re-start in district's rural areas", "text": "NAGPUR: Some towns and villages of the district that had been by and large spared from power cuts are now facing prolonged cuts due to change in MSEDCL's load shedding protocol. Areas supplied by seven 11KV feeders have been affected. The duration is between 5.30 and 11 hours.A MSEDCL officer said that so far load shedding was done on the basis of division level distribution and collection losses (DCL). However, now it is being done on the basis of 11 KV feeder level losses. Any feeder whose DCL is above 34% faces prolonged power cuts. Due to low losses of other feeders in the district, the average figure of the district was below 34% and hence these areas were spared load shedding. Now, due to the new formula, these seven feeders have been deprived of this advantage.The duration of load shedding depends on losses of the feeder. MSEDCL has created nine categories, of which six are subjected to power cuts. A feeder having loss between 34% and 42% comes under D category and faces load shedding of 5.30 hours. The duration of power cuts for higher loss is more. The duration of load shedding of the seven feeders are: Kanhan - 5.30 hours, Vihirgaon - 6.15, Pole Factory - 7, Mauda, Kamptee I and Kamptee II - 9 and Hingna Old Road (Rural) - 11 hours.The officer further said the company had decided to change its protocol for the benefit of honest consumers. \"If we supply round the clock power to high loss areas we incur huge losses. This loss has to be borne by honest consumers by way of higher tariff. Power pilferers must realize they have to face inconvenience for power theft,\" he stressed.Meanwhile, thousands of people living in Kanhan and nearby villages and WCL estates had to go without power due to failure of Mahatransco's transformers. A 20 MVA transformer in 220 KV Kanhan substation had failed on July 18. Transco replaced it with a 25 MVA transformer but did not send the failed transformer for repair. When the 25 MVA transformer also failed on July 29, Transco took 21 hours to get its replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15286232", "title": "Tobacco exports raise ryots\u2019 hopes", "text": "GUNTUR: Giving a relief to the tobacco industry, which has been struggling on the international platform, exports from India are slowly picking up and have registered an upward trend during the first two months in the first quarter of the financial year. It is a strong indication that the demand for the Indian produce will grow further in the coming months. Although the previous financial year ended on a negative trend with nearly 7% decrease in exports, it recovered quickly following the increase in exports in April and May 2012.According to industry sources, Indian merchants exported stocks worth nearly Rs 562.85 crore against Rs 522.94 crore during the corresponding period in 2011. An increase of over Rs 40 crore in just two months is significant, given the poor export trends that have been reported for the past few years. In fact, total exports till March 2012 declined by around 7% in terms of total value as it dropped to Rs 3090.21 crore from Rs 3192.39 crore reported during 2010-11.Tobacco exporters are struggling to manage the situation as neither they could cut down the procurement nor dispose off all the stocks. The merchants started picking up stocks actively from the local platforms only after getting strong indications from the international market that the global demand for the Indian produce is likely to see northward in the coming days. \"We got strong inputs from the global leaders that production in Brazil and Zimbabwe will come down due to the increased prices,\" tobacco board chairman G Kamalavardhan Rao told TOI. chairman said unfavourable conditions of two countries would turn advantageous to Indian exports during the next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15286832", "title": "Hospitals pull through with genset", "text": "For eight hours, patients at Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya (CNBC) hospital in east Delhi had to bear high levels of humidity as power supply to the city collapsed on Monday. Airconditioning services remained suspended because of the power failure. The emergency operation theatre (OT) and other essential services, though, could be managed with generators, said Dr KK Kalra, medical superintendent.\"We have two generators and a UPS system for backup. It was utilized to maintain the emergency OT and air conditioning in the ICU,\" he added.At AIIMS trauma centre, three generators were used to meet the power requirement. \"Around 2,100 litres of diesel was used to run the generators for three hours. No services were hit,\" said Dr MC Misra, chief of the centre.Dr TS Sidhu, medical superintendent of Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, said all surgeries were done as per schedule. At GTB Hospital, the authorities claimed there was no crisis due to power failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286640", "title": "Govt cautioned on Ar-Kacheri irrigation project", "text": "NAGPUR: Already in doldrums for violating wildlife laws, the Ar-Kacheri larger minor irrigation project in Sonala in Buldhana district has got a new twist with Amravati divisional commissioner cautioning the government that unless the process under Rehabilitation Act is followed, starting the work on the project would be improper.However, the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has already spent Rs6 crore on Ar-Kacheri project.On April 9, TOI was first to report how work on Ar-Kacheri, located 6km from the Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) boundary and also in its buffer zone, was done without seeking permission from the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL).Any project falling within 10km radius of a protected area or its notified buffer zone has to seek permission from the NBWL and National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA). The matter is being heard in the high court but forest department and NTCA has not filed a reply yet.On June 12, Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur had apprised principal secretary, relief and rehabilitation, that unless process of Sections 11 (1) and 13 (3) of the Maharashtra Project Affected Persons Rehabilitation Act, 1999 is completed work on any project should not start. Section 11 (1) and 13 (1) and (3) deals with notification of areas affected by the project and benefit zone and thereafter giving public notice inviting objections or suggestions land acquisition. For major irrigation projects, the time period is three years and one year for minor projects.Thakur said that in case of Ar-Kacheri, the notification was issued on January 18, 2011. As there is tremendous opposition from the farmers for the project, the process of land acquisition under Sections 13 (1) and 13 (3) has not been completed in one year. Hence, the notification under Section 11 (1) has become null and void.Affected farmers from Sonala village led by Ramdas Kothe and others, who have filed a PIL in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court, have also approached the divisional commissioner to scrap the Ar-Kacheri project stating work on the project is illegal as proper processes were not followed. Besides, land acquisition is being done by middlemen and not the department.Thakur admitted to have written a letter to the government. \"First rehabilitation and then projects is the policy,\" he said.Executive engineer for minor irrigation department UM Padmane said, \"We followed all processes and have already spent Rs6 crore on Ar-Kacheri. Work on the Rs50 crore project has been stalled as wildlife department has pulled the plug.\"Based on Thakur's letter, the Buldhana district rehabilitation officer has sought report from the irrigation department on whether legal procedures were followed or not. Padmane said, \"I'll have to check up. I've not seen the said letter.\"Ar-Kacheri claims to irrigate 1,900 hectare land but farmers say 50% of the land, which will be affected, is already under well irrigation. Sonala farmers say the project was never demanded by them as already Wan medium irrigation project is situated just 5km upstream of the proposed project. The project may cause problems as the site has no hard strata which are generally needed to construct a dam.\"The project is being proposed simply in the name of wiping out irrigation backlog of Vidarbha in absence of actual demand of a project by the villagers,\" Kothe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285941", "title": "NCW sought to withdraw from survey on Vrindavan widows\u2019 plight", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Women (NCW), mandated by law to protect and promote the interests of women, caused a flutter on Monday when the high-level committee constituted by the Supreme Court said the body wanted to withdraw from the exercise to recommend steps to ameliorate the condition of hapless widows in Vrindavan.A bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur said it was very unfortunate on NCW's part to say such a thing. NCW counsel Aparna Bhat salvaged the situation by saying that there was some misunderstanding in the women's body on the court order including its representative in the committee and assuring that it would continue to work closely with the panel in future.National Legal Services Authority (Nalsa) counsel L Nageswar Rao read out a report of the committee which noted that NCW had on May 22 written a letter to the chairman of the special committee informing that it would move an application for deletion of its representative's name in the committee's composition.After Bhat made amends, Nalsa gave a list of suggestions made by its team headed by its secretary general U Sarathchandran after taking stock of the condition of widows who live in Radha Kund and Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura district.It confirmed the fears of the pension and other doles given by the state governments does not reach the widows in time. \"Disbursement of pension (Rs 300), food money (Rs 500) and pocket money (Rs 50) is not reaching the destitute women living in the homes regularly. This money reaches through the Syndicate Bank, Anaj Mandi Branch, Vrindavan, only once in six months,\" Nalsa said while recommending regular monthly disbursement of the amount to each widow.On the health condition of the widows, it said: \"They suffer from a large number of geriatric problems like rheumatism, blood pressure etc. Being women they are prone to fracture of limbs due to deficiency in calcium. At least in every home one can find women unable to move out of the shelter on account of broken limbs or physical disability.\"\"It is suggested that a direction may be issues from the Supreme Court to the state government to ensure that a dispensary is opened in one of the rooms in each of the government run shelter homes with adequate stock of free medicines,\" Nalsa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286451", "title": "5-star hotel's duty officer's body found on railway tracks", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman's search for her friend ended when a dismembered body was found on the down line of the railway tracks to Wardha. After waiting for the entire Sunday night, the woman had just stepped into Sonegaon police station on Monday morning to file a missing complaint when she was left stunned by the cops telling her about an unidentified body found on the railway tracks.Her fears turned out to be true, as she identified the body as that of her friend and room partner Tejinder Singh Chauhan. She had been missing since Sunday night. She was found dead on the down line of the railway tracks near Pawan Bhoomi on Wardha Road early on Monday morning.The 27-year-old Chauhan, who originally hails from Haryana, was employed as a duty officer at a five-star hotel that recently started operations on Wardha Road. Initially, the cops treated the death as suspicious. Later, they confirmed it was a suicide after they found a note in her cupboard.Police said the suicide note by Chauhan mentions that she has failed to succeed in life and hence chose to end her life. She also mentioned that no one was responsible for her suicide. The note adds that she had also failed to resist her illness, which was not mentioned in the note, and hence took the extreme decision. Police sources said she was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Khamla.According to hotel staffers and Chauhan's room partner (who refused to be named), she had completed her evening shift at the hotel on Sunday. Her room partner told police that since Chauhan didn't return the whole night, she continuously tried to contact her but the number was not reachable.Later in the night, the room partner alerted hotel staff who informed her that Chauhan had left after her shift. Early on Monday morning, before hotel officials and the room partner reached the police station, railway staffers had informed the Sonegaon police about an unidentified girl's body lying on the tracks.Going by the description given by hotel officials, cops took them to identify the body. Later, in a search of Chauhan's room, cops found a suicide note in one of her diaries.The post mortem was conducted at the mortuary of Government Medical College and Hospital and the body was handed over to Chauhan's parents.However, Chauhan's cell phone is still missing, raising doubts about her death. Police are still trying to find her cell phone and have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15288495", "title": "Indian-origin student pleads guilty to computer hacking", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin student of Liverpool John Moores University charged with hacking into it's computer system has pleaded guilty, the Mersyside police said on Tuesday.Manchester-based Charantoor Kultar Singh, 22, was arrested by officers from the North West Hub of the Police Central e-Crime Unit (PCeU) on April 30 over the suspected hacking.He has now pleaded guilty to the charge of unauthorised access to a computer system and unauthorised impairment of a computer programme.Singh, who appeared at the Liverpool Magistrates' Court on Monday, is due to be sentenced on August 20.Singh admitted an offence under section two of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 - gaining unauthorised access to a computer with intent to commit fraud by false representation.The PCeU North West Hub was set up in January by the Metropolitan Police and the home office to combat serious incidents of computer hacking and cyber crime within the north west.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285400", "title": "BSP seeks adequate security cover for Dalit memorials", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Bahujan Samaj Party delegation on Monday met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and demanded adequate security at all Dalit museums, parks and memorials built in the state.\"We have demanded stern action against those responsible for vandalising the statue of former chief minister and BSP president Mayawati and proper security at all memorials built by the previous government in the honour of Dalit icons,\" leader of opposition in UP assembly Swami Prasad Maurya, who led the delegation, told reporters. He said the chief minister has assured them of effective action in this regard.Leader of opposition in the Legislative Council Naseemuddin Siddiqui, who was also the part of the delegation, said he drew the attention of the chief minister to media reports that the government was planning to reduce the strength of security personnel raised for these memorials by the BSP government.This was the second meeting of senior BSP leaders with the CM on the issue of providing security to the statues of Mayawati and other Dalit icons. On July 26, the activists of UP Navnirman Sena had vandalised Mayawati's marble statue at Ambedkar park in Lucknow. The state government had installed a new statue in its place within 24 hours. Six persons were arrested in connection with the case. Later, three incidents of vandalising statues of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar were also reported from other parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15287035", "title": "Special Operations Group finds four missing persons including two kids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city Special Operations Group (SOG) found four missing persons including two kids in Vatva during search operations for missing kids in the city. The persons were reported missing since May 5, 2011 from Juhapura.According to SOG officials, Zahida Mansuri, Salim Mansuri along with Zahida's children Sania, 12 and Ayan, 8, were reported missing and after a year-long search, this case and others were given to SOG. Meanwhile, a team led by inspector S M Chaudhary were tipped off that the group was living in Vatva.\"We searched a residence in Al Hanifia Park and found them there. Salim confessed to having eloped with Zahida, then a married woman, with her children. The group first went to Ajmer and then lived at Bhabhar village near Palanpur before returning to Ahmedabad,\" said an SOG official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15287430", "title": "Hole on board MTC bus shocks commuters", "text": "CHENNAI: With the memory of a six-year-old girl's death after slipping through a hole on the floor of her school bus still fresh, passengers of an MTC bus of route number 114 was shocked to find a similar hole under the conductor's seat.The bus bearing registration number TN-01 N-4310 plies more than eight times a day between Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus (CMBT) and Red Hills, a distance of 20km.When some passengers complained of the matter, the conductor reportedly did not respond to them. A social activist with the PACE Trust, G Balaji who boarded the bus at the CMBT, said: \"Whenever the bus went over a pothole, the conductor's seat moved separately in contrast to the movement of the bus. Many passengers often keep their belongings underneath the conductor's seat immediately after getting into the bus. If anyone had attempted to do so, he/she was sure to lose his/her belongings. The hole was so wide that the wheels were clearly visible from the bus.\"Passengers were angry as the incident came to light close on the heels of the school girl's death. Shruthi was killed after she slipped through a hole on the floor of a school bus on Wednesday last at Mudichur.The state government and the Madras high court have taken serious note of the condition of buses carrying school children in the state. Now, daily commuters too are exposed to such dangers, said a passenger.\"The MTC officials should take steps to prevent any further accidents due to such negligence,\" G Balaji said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15285250", "title": "4th ODI: India aim to go for the kill against Sri Lanka", "text": "COLOMBO: Trailing in the five-match series and going into the must-win fourth game on Tuesday at the Premadasa, the Sri Lankans are in disarray.Their most prolific wicketkeeper-batsman Kumar Sangakkara and frontline pacer Nuwan Kulasekara are out with injuries, giving the team a major worry.The Sri Lankan coach Graham Ford was candid enough to admit that injuries have set the team back.\"Yes, losing Sanga is a great blow and without Kulasekara, the bowling resources have also been hit. But on the other hand, it gives us the option to test out the players on the bench. For incoming players it is a good opportunity to showcase their talent.\"\"No doubt we are lagging in the series and injuries have taken a toll. But, as we know, the Sri Lankans are great fighters and capable of coming back strongly,\" the Lanka coach said.After having their opponents on the backfoot on home turf, India, on their part, aim to deliver the sucker-punch here itself, before moving to Pallekele for the fifth and final ODI and the one-off T20 game on August 7, which will herald the end of the tour.Suresh Raina, talking to the media at the team hotel before leaving for optional practice, said that with momentum on their side, the Indians would look to take an unbeatable lead in the fourth game itself.\"The difficult run-chase on Saturday night was a big boost to the team morale after the batting disaster in the second game at Hambantota. We aim to tame the Lankans in their den once again, though we realise they will come hard at us after the setback they suffered in the previous game.\"Raina said that there was not much concern in the team about the poor form of key batsmen. \"We are a strong batting line up. Two players (Kohli and Gambhir) have already got hundreds and Viru bhai a near-one.\"I have got a couple of half-centuries. So the batting is looking good. I am sure the others will also come up with good scores in the last two games.\"He also said that the team was not unduly worried about the bowling, especially the pace department. \"The pitches here are flat and even a bowler like Malinga goes for 60 or 70 runs. For pacers like Umesh Yadav and Ashok Dinda, it is a great opportunity to learn to bowl on such flat wickets,\" Raina said while defending the bowlers.When Mahendra Singh Dhoni goes in for the toss, there will be great interest to see if Manoj Tiwary will finally get a look-in at the expense of the struggling Rohit Sharma.The Mumbai middle order batsmen scored just five in the first game, followed by two ducks. This year he is averaging a bare 16. But the management has been backing his talent to the hilt. So, it will be interesting to see if the team management finally decides to try out Tiwary, who scored a hundred in the last ODI he played over six months ago.There is another Sharma who has been in the news for the last couple of months. The lanky Punjab leg-spinner Rahul Sharma, who has been under a cloud after testing positive for drugs at a rave party during the IPL. But he showed great resilience by bowling well in the third game, despite the humiliation of being under investigation for drug-use.Sanga disappointed to miss out\"It's disappointing to be injured in the midst of a series and also miss out on the first Sri Lankan Premier League. I am positive that I would be fit for the T20 World Cup at home in a couple of months,\" said Kumar Sangakkara.The wicketkeeper-batsman was hit by an Ashok Dinda bouncer on his knuckles and fractured his little figure.\"It was not a vicious bouncer. But the ball hit me in the most vulnerable part of my hand. But, this side it gives a youngster an opportunity to step in and show his talent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15290249", "title": "GNLA founder Champion Sangma arrested", "text": "SHILLONG: Bangladesh on Monday 'pushed back' co-founder and chairman of the Garo Hills-based Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), Champion R Sangma, who was immediately taken into custody by the state police.The former deputy superintendent of police-turned-militant, was arrested and kept under custody of the Bangladesh authorities before he was handed over to Indian authorities on the Indo-Bangla boder, police said.\"He was arrested and is in the custody of Meghalaya police,\" director general of police N Ramachandran confirmed. Champion was produced in the court of the chief judicial magistrate, which remanded him to 15 days police custody. The police said Champion was arrested from an apartment in Dhaka based on intelligence inputs provided by India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15285906", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express blaze: Ex-gratia of 5 lakh announced", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Union government on Monday announced an ex gratia of Rs 5 lakh each for the families of the 37 passengers killed in the Tamil Nadu Express fire. Railway minister Mukul Roy, who was in Kolkata, said Rs 1 lakh would be given to those seriously injured in the fire. A railway spokesperson said Roy had also announced a compensation of Rs 25,000 to each of those who suffered minor injuries.Describing the ex gratia as inadequate, Tirupati MP Chinta Mohan demanded that it be raised to Rs 10 lakh while YSR Congress and TDP leaders sought Rs 25 lakh ex gratia and a job to the families of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15286753", "title": "Poll on prohibition in Ghumadhawada village", "text": "GONDIA: The women of Ghumadhawada village in Tiroda tehsil showed what they could do when they stand united. The village Mahila Mandal has forced the district authorities to conduct an opinion poll on August 1 on the need for prohibition in their village.The women had to fight political and muscle power to achieve this. Interestingly, the village had no liquor shop due to prohibition for last 15 years but now after the Adani thermal plant was set up things began to change.Seeing potential for a liquor shop, liquor permit holders began efforts to start shop in the village. Finally the administration gave a permit holder from Kolhapur to set shop near gate number 3 of the power plant. But as the liquor shop started doing roaring business, crime rate and family disputes began to rise in the village.The matter got so out of hand that the women of the village under the leadership of Kalabai Bisen submitted a memorandum before the Gondia collector stating that the liquor shop had been set up in the village illegally. The sarpanch had given NOC to the shop without seeking the consent of the villagers which is mandatory. They pointed out that the police department had also not given permission for the shop. They asked the collector to cancel the licence of the shop. But even after sending many reminders no action had been taken by the concerned authorities.The Mahila Mandal then staged a dharna on July 9 in front of the Tiroda tehsil office and threatened to intensify their agitation. This got the authorities moving and the collector ordered the administration to conduct an opinion poll on clamping prohibition orders in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286755", "title": "Three college girls drown in Hooghly", "text": "KOLKATA: Three college girls - two siblings and their friend - drowned in river Hooghly at Naihati on Monday. Two bodies were fished out later in the day while the third girl could not be traced till reports last came in. Divers are conducting a search operation to trace her.Police said the incident took place around 2pm when Jayashri, 21, her sister Sumita, 20, and their friend Trisha, 21, all residents of Panchanantala, went to bathe at Banerjeepara Ghat in Naihati. Jayashri and Trisha were BA second-year students while Sumita was a year junior to them at Naihati Rishi Bankim Chandra College.Sources said the river was in high tide when the girls went to take a bath. The trio was standing on the ghat when Sumita suddenly slipped and fell into the river. Jayashri and Trisha jumped into the river to rescue her. But the three girls were immediately swept away with the tide.Some locals standing at the ghat tried to rescue the trio, but failed. They immediately informed police who sent a team of divers to the spot in no time. Jayashri and her sister Sumita were later fished out of the river and the duo was rushed to Naihati State General hospital , where they were declared dead. Though divers continued searching for Trisha till late night but could not trace her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15286837", "title": "Delhi goes without water as plants stall", "text": "Almost all parts of the city received no water supply on Monday morning as a result of the northern grid collapse that stalled the water treatment plants. Water could not be processed in the city between 2.30am and 6.30am.\"Power was restored to the plants on priority at 6.30am. The Bawana and Nangloi treatment plants were given power at 7.30am. Some production had been done before power went off and the water had been pumped into underground reservoirs. However, this water could not be distributed due to the power failure,\" said a Delhi Jal Board official.Only a handful of colonies got their morning water supply, however, DJB officials said the pleasant weather kept the morning demand down. \"Once power was restored, production resumed at all the plants and the evening supply will be normal to all areas,\" added the official.Although power was restored to the plants early in the morning, work normalized only after 4-5 hours. \"Our pumps are huge and it takes a while for them to start operating and resume normal treatment,\" said an official.Even where water was supplied, it could not be lifted to overhead tanks. \"Some water was supplied to our area around 9am but that did not help since we had no power and could not operate the motor. Finally we filled up buckets and that is what we used for bathing and other purposes,\" said Lakshmi Sood, a resident of Preet Vihar.DJB also reported a sudden spurt in demand for water tankers. \"We could not keep up with the demand for tankers. We had no power even to fill up the tankers,\" said an official.As the news about the grid collapse spread, people started making frantic calls to DJB and private suppiers for water tankers. \"We couldn't switch on the motor as there was no electricity. Most of us had to make alternative arrangements ,\" said Rajiv Kakria, member of GK-1 RWA.Ramesh Verma from GK said that water to his colony is usually supplied around 3am but with no power then, the family had to make do without any water for the day. \"We called DJB but they said that no tanker would be available due to a long waiting line.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15284904", "title": "Noida car accident: Cops await driver\u2019s release from hospital", "text": "NOIDA: A day after 27-year-old Anupriya Nagarajan, who was eight-months pregnant, lost her life in a car crash near the NIB crossing in Sector 62, Noida police on Monday reached LNJPN hospital to know the medical status of the accused driver. The doctors suggested that it will take time for the accused to recuperate from his injuries and only after that can the cops arrest him.Legal experts say there is a need to change the laws related to road accidents as the accused easily get bail as the sections under which they are charged are bailable.Police said the Marshal jeep was being driven by Raju while his helper Pradeep was sitting next to him. \"We suspect the jeep was being driven by Raju at a speed of 100-130 km/hr. We are waiting for them to get discharged. After that we will arrest Raju,\" said a senior officer investigating the case.Noida SSP Praveen Kumar said cops have imposed the strictest sections of the law on the accused. \"We have lodged an FIR under Sections 279 (rash driving), 304A (causing death by negligence), 338 and 427 so that the accused gets the maximum punishment,\" he said.Meanwhile, the family members of the deceased on Monday went to Garh Ganga to carry out last rites. \"Once we are mentally stable, we will fight for justice for Anupriya,\" said a family member.\"I want justice for my innocent daughter-in-law. There is a necessity to control the barbaric drivers who run amok on the roads,\" said Natarajan Nagarajan, Anupriya's father-in-law and a retired chief engineer of CPWD in New Delhi.\"Police are yet to ascertain ownership of the jeep that killed Anupriya and the newspaper agency that had employed the accused,\" Nagarajan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15286090", "title": "Court rejects Ramdev aide\u2019s bail plea", "text": "DEHRADUN: A CBI special court on Monday rejected the bail application of yoga guru Baba Ramdev's close aide Balkrishna, in a fake documents case for obtaining a passport, and remanded him in 14-day judicial custody.This is the second time that Balkrishna's bail plea has been rejected. On July 10, the CBI filed a chargesheet against him for allegedly using fake documents to obtain a passport.A case of cheating and criminal conspiracy was registered against Balkrishna in July 2011 last year for violating Section 12 of Indian Passport Act by allegedly furnishing fake documents to get a passport from Bareilly in 1998. The case was registered shortly after Delhi Police's midnight crackdown on Baba Ramdev's anti-corruption campaign at Ramlila Maidan in June 2011.He was arrested on July 20 from Hardiwar on non bailable warrant issued by the special court after he failed to comply with the Uttarakhand high court's order to surrender.Anticipating such a setback, Balkrishna had approached the Dehradun district sessions court for bail. His appeal will be heard on Tuesday. The court had admitted Balkrishna's application for bail after it was filed on Thursday. He is at Dehardun's Sudhowala jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285372", "title": "Show-cause notice to Dharavi consultant soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government seems to have finally pressed the rewind button for the ambitious over Rs 15,000-crore Dharavi redevelopment project (DRP).Eight years after the state housing department appointed his company as project management consultant (PMC) for Dharavi, the government has decided to terminate the services of architect Mukesh Mehta-run M M Consultants as PMC for four of the five sectors Dharavi is divided into. A show-cause notice is to be issued to him soon.Satish Gavai, vice-president of the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada), confirmed the decision but refused to elaborate. Mehta said he was unaware of the government's decision.Government officials said the decision was based on non-compliance of terms laid down in the 2008 contract signed between Mehta and the Dharavi OSD. \"When the global bid itself has been cancelled, and the rights to redevelop sector 5 has been awarded to Mhada, the government saw no point in continuing with the PMC,'' said officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15286534", "title": "Citizens to keep track of Municipal Corporation's works", "text": "WARDHA: Committed citizens from Wardha on Saturday formed a committee, Nagar Sanchalan Satarkata Samiti (NSSS) to keep track of the municipal council's functioning.The committee is the outcome of efforts by Basant Pandey, founder of Nayantara social organization, who has been working to create awareness about maintaining cleanliness in the city. A few months ago, he had organized a meeting of prominent persons from the city at Kesarimal School. He formed this committee comprising businessmen, doctors, professors and professionals.Addressing a press conference, Pandey said, for the last few years, we had a feeling that the functioning of the MC is not up to the mark. \"Since we are all busy with our lives, we cannot raise this issue. This committee is a platform for people who want to make a difference,\" said Pandey.The committee has three subcommittees. The action committee has 15 persons while the core committee has 25 people. Those interested in joining the movement can join the members committee. Dhananjay Santakke informed that the committee will try to resolve issues facing the common man. The members will compel the MC officials to work in best interest of the citizens.Satish Bavase, working president of NSSS, said, \"Wardha is facing several problems like irregularities in water supply, leakage in the pipelines, irregularities in maintaining roads and other public places including gardens, traffic problems and so on. The councillors and officers of MC are not ready to listen to people's problems. If we approach them together, they will have to take some steps.\"Basant Pandey said, NSSS will not act as a mere watchdog but will take concrete action.Ashram schoolgirl student molestedA girl student from class ninth of Ashram School of Kolhapur near Bhidi in Deoli Taluka was allegedly molested by a cook from the school in May. The incident came to notice when the victim lodged a complaint on Saturday at Deoli Police Station.Police have arrested Bhimrao Tambude (29), resident employee of the ashram school, under section 354, 506 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15284845", "title": "H1N1 death in Navi Mumbai, toll in Maharashtra rises to 30", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old pregnant woman from Raigad succumbed to H1N1 in Navi Mumbai last week, taking the state toll for the infection this year to 30\u2014the highest in the country. This was also the third death in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) this month.The latest victim, Soniya Pohal, was brought to D Y Patil Hospital on Saturday after her symptoms\u2014fever and cold\u2014intensified. Officials from Raigad said she had also developed breathlessness. Doctors said Pohal, who died on Sunday, did not have any underlying illness.Epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate said the woman was pregnant, which made her prone to the infection. She is the fifth pregnant woman to succumb to H1N1 in the state this year. \"Most of the H1N1 patients who died were (either pregnant or) suffering from conditions such as diabetes, hypertension and cardiac ailments,\" Dr Awate said. In all, 14 people had pre-existing ailments, besides the five women who were pregnant. The remaining 11 individuals were healthy and fell to the infection alone.While experts are still looking for answers to why the virus is back in circulation this year, the count of positive H1N1 cases across the state as well as MMR has been steadily rising. Between April and July, 477 positive cases were detected, of which 41% were in Mumbai. But the city has been lucky to not report a single death since 2010. The BMC's epidemiologist Dr Mangala Gomare maintains that heightened awareness among people and alertness among health authorities have kept the infection under control in Mumbai.Still, city doctors say pregnant women need to be vigilant and seek medical help as soon as symptoms of the viral infection start manifesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15289407", "title": "Mohit Chauhan is Ranbir Kapoor\u2019s voice", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor's character may be deaf and mute in his upcoming film Barfi!, but for the title track of the film, Mohit Chauhan will lend his voice to the actor.According to reports, when director Anurag Basu and the producers were planning the track, they mutually decided that Mohit would be perfect for the song.A source close to the project said, \"Ranbir is very excited that Mohit will sing the title track Aala re barfi. In the past, whenever Mohit has given his voice to Ranbir, it has been well received by the audience. The actor is very happy that the makers have taken this association ahead with this one. However all the tracks in the film will be a part of the background score.\"Another insider claimed that Ranbir's next film Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani, too will have Mohit singing for the actor. \"Mohit's voice has a lingering quality that stays on your mind for long. Also in Rockstar, his voice suited Ranbir. And now makers wish to have him sing for as many RK films as possible,\" added the insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15285954", "title": "Border conflict continues to threaten project launch", "text": "COIMBATORE: Right from the beginning, Karnataka had objected to the Hogenakkal project saying it would reduce their share of Cauvery water. The fresh development began last week when Karnataka Water Resources Minister Basavraj Bommai promised in the assembly that the state would approach the Supreme Court against the project alleging that Tamil Nadu was expanding the project with an eye on tourism.The Cauvery flows through Hogenakkal in an area where inter-state dispute over ownership still continues. There is no clear demarcation of the border between the two states in the area. In the beginning, Karnataka claimed the entire project was within its territory.Now it says the 67 km stretch of Cauvery in the Hogenakkal region never belonged to Tamil Nadu. The state has demanded a joint survey by Government of India and Survey of India, based on which the border should be fixed. Karnataka also claims that the Centre has failed to approve its demand for a survey because of objections from Tamil Nadu.Mainstream political parties in Karnataka say permission for the project was obtained by Tamil Nadu from the union government when President's Rule prevailed in Karnataka. However, beneficiaries of the project say there are thousands of Kannada-speaking people in both Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri and they too would get safe drinking water once the project gets commissioned.According to top officials, when B S Yediyurappa was Karnataka chief minister, he admitted in open that the project was relevant and it needs to be implemented to ensure water for flurosis-hit people of Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri.\"We believe the fresh move to approach Supreme Court is a delaying tactic. Tamil Nadu can easily convince the court of the need for the project,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286552", "title": "Criminal nabbed with pistol", "text": "NAGPUR: Jaripatka police has seized a pistol and five live cartridges from a notorious criminal and his accomplices on Sunday evening from Kushinagar. Rupesh Kale, earlier slapped with stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized crime Act (MCOCA), was found with the firearm which had an embossing claiming that it was made in Italy.Police sources said Kale and his accomplice Nitin Suryavanshi were creating a ruckus in the area when an informer tipped-off the cops. Kale and Suryavanshi had a plan of armed robbery when they were intercepted. Police said that the duo would be questioned further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287733", "title": "594 trees to be pruned at Patna zoo", "text": "PATNA: After a fresh survey of the trees at Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, around 594 trees have been earmarked for pruning up to a height of 14 metres. However, the operation of bigger aircraft would not be suspended by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) at the Jai Prakash Narayan airport here.In a move to make the airport fit for safe landing of flights, a meeting was held here between a team of the Union ministry of environment and forest from Bhubaneswar and the Airports Authority of India (AAI) a few weeks back. There are 1,453 trees falling in the approach funnel of the airport. But only 594 trees would be pruned while 859 trees would remain untouched.According to Abhay Kumar Sharma, director, Patna zoo, altogether three major changes were made in the plan for pruning of trees for the safe landing of big aircraft, Earlier, there were 2,911 trees falling under the approach funnel of aircraft, which number has been lowered. The approach funnel of the flights earlier was 150 metre right and 150 metre left with a 15% slope from the centre point of the runway. But the length of the approach funnel has now been revised to 75 metres along with 15% slope. He said, \"As many as 150 trees have already been pruned in the last 10 days.\"He said the level of land of the entire Patna zoo is lower than that of the Patna airport. So the pruning heights of the trees have also been changed. According to an earlier survey, a large number of trees were earmarked to be pruned up to zero metre. But now the lowest height of the pruned trees would be five metres.A report in this regard was forwarded by the zoo authorities to SS Chaudhary, chief conservator of environment and forest department, Bihar government. This report would also be sent to the Union ministry for environment and forest in Bhubaneswar.The Patna airport authorities managed to convince the zoo authorities that the pruning of tall trees was urgent for the safe landing and take-off of big aircraft like Airbus 320 and Boeing 737.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15286069", "title": "M Kodandaram denies differences with TRS", "text": "HYDERABAD: The re-launch of the Telangana movement announced by the Telangana Political Joint Action committee (TJAC) has exposed the widening rift between the action committee and TRS with the latter claiming that they were not consulted on the issue. However, TJAC chairman M Kodandaram on Monday denied any such rift and said they would conduct a meeting with TRS leaders soon on the issue.However, TJAC's unilateral decision to the re-launch the agitation seems to have not gone well with TRS supremo K Chandrashekar Rao. \"TJAC did not invite the TRS for the meeting when the plans for the agitation were finalised. However, we appreciate their efforts to revive the separate Telangana agitation. The TRS politburo will take a decision on mode of its participation in the movement soon,\" said Etela Rajendra, TRS floor leader in the legislative assembly.The latest political developments, which are apparently drawing the YSR Congress closer to the Congress because of which the announcement on Telangana might be put off, has made the TRS jittery and is actively considering reviving the agitation. \"Reports of our differences with the TRS are baseless. We will invite all the political parties supporting the Telangana cause and the TRS will not be an exception. Since we are into preparatory works, we did not speak to the political leaders. We will do so subsequently,\" said M Kodandaram, chairman of TJAC.The TJAC is planning to conduct a 'Chalo Hyderabad' protest on the lines of Tahrir Square agitation in Egypt on September 30. Kodandaram said the TJAC was trying to re-group its rank and file for the forthcoming agitation. A steering committee has been appointed to mobilize the support accordingly, meetings would be held in Hyderabad and Nalgonda on August 2 and 3 respectively.Kodandaram said the preparatory works would continue till August 15 and the agitation would tentatively start on the independence day with activities like padayatra at district level that would culminate in Chalo Hyderabad on September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15286723", "title": "Kolkata signs up for a 'licence' to hack", "text": "KOLKATA: Is it just a fad or an \"informed\" career move? From computer graduates to school-goers, there has been a sudden spurt in Kolkata to enroll for 'ethical hacking' courses, though the motive may not exactly be 'ethical' for all of them.The reasons for enrolling in such courses vary. The younger ones may simply be keen on hacking Facebook or Twitter accounts - something which is never taught though - while the more focused graduates want to prepare for international certification courses that prepare them for the host of new jobs opening up in the network security sphere.Tariq Anwar is a case in point. Till last year, Tariq was busy with his own start-up venture in Dubai's Knowledge Village. It was here that he passed the Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) certification by the EC-Council. He then moved to Kolkata and started his own institute at Syed Amir Ali Avenue. Tariq is very forthright on the challenges.\"The enthusiasm is more than we can handle. However, a large chunk of the students are school pass-outs and undergraduates, who are primarily interested in the course so that they can hack Facebook, Twitter or email accounts. They get carried away by the terminology and seem to lose interest when it is explained that this has more to do with network security, its protocols and loopholes. So now we have introduced an aptitude test to pre-screen the batches. An ethical hacker is one who can penetrate networks and systems and needs to have a wider grasp of network domains,\" Tariq said.Like Tariq, Tirthankar Chakraborty also set up an institute in Salt Lake that offers a six-week course on ethical hacking. Chakraborty, who completed research on embedded technologies from IIM-C, says he has now engaged a team to research if a longer six-month course could be needed to cater to the increased demand. \"We started off with a small basic course for computer professionals that focused on networking protocols and security. We also touched other features like virus attacks, configuring firewall and cloud networks. But now there is a demand to make this more niche,\" Chakraborty said. And it has been only two years since Chakraborty ventured into this field.When Prateek Agrawal quit his high-paying US-based job with a consultancy and technology major in late-2007 and started a professional school in Kolkata, little did he know that his school would end up training close to 3,000 ethical hackers in just four years. Prateek, having worked abroad, explains the reasons. \"As more companies outsource their work to India - and by extension Kolkata - there is an increased demand for enhanced security protocols. The companies have to measure up to the worldwide norms. So it has opened up a complete new career opportunities, be it network and system administrators, IT security consultants or IT security auditors. These are regulatory posts in US and Europe, which are slowly being adopted by companies here,\" Agrawal said. So when Agrawal says the applicants to these courses these days are more focused to crack the demanding international certification examinations, this isn't without reason.Agrawal says that it is still evolving in India, following the demand and supply logic. For example, he says, if an US multinational outsources work to a Kolkata company, they would ask for strict IT protocol standards and subsequent audit. \"Now the auditors - mostly Indian firms - need to have certified people on their rolls. And by the same yardstick, the Indian companies are also recruiting certified people to plug process loopholes so the auditors don't catch them napping,\" he said.And this isn't only about private companies, dealing in computer systems and software. \"PSU banks have also been recruiting such people to keep abreast with network security as financial transactions gradually move to an online platform,\" he said. In fact, banks - both private and nationalised - have been engaging such players for a comprehensive programme on hacking. They do this only to understand how their systems can be penetrated, which could also translate into financial losses.Suparno Moitra, the regional director of Nasscom, who'd been instrumental in setting up a cyber-lab with Kolkata Police, an initiative of the Data Security Council of India (DSCI), says there is an urgent need for more robust networks to prevent data theft or pilfering. \"Our effort is aimed at equipping the law enforcement agencies to tackle such cases, including hacking systems and networks which cause financial and data loss,\" he said. Moitro, however, pointed out that Nasscom has no control over such private institutes. Neither does it have any benchmark for such ethical hacking courses. \"I'll be unable to comment on it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285602", "title": "Bails of accused in Rs 6 crore bank fraud cancelled", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar sessions court cancelled the anticipatory bail of 10 Dahanu Co-operative Bank directors, including its chairperson and Congress leader Bharat Rajput, who are accused of squandering over Rs 6 crore in 2010 for 'political gains'.The accused had moved the Bombay HC for anticipatory bail in May 2010. The HC asked the accused to surrender to the Dahanu police within 45 days and then approach the Palghar court for bail.\"However, they got bail from Dahanu police station on the 45th day,\" said Santosh Shetty, president of Society For Fast Justice. The forum registered their protest with the EOW, which approached the Palghar court in June. Sessions judge A M Tamboli on July 27 cancelled the bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15287297", "title": "224-yr-old US store shuts shop", "text": "WASHINGTON: America's oldest general store, opened one year before George Washington was sworn in as the first president of the US, has shut down after serving the community for 224 years.Gray's Store in the small village of Adamsville in Rhode Island opened in 1788, selling penny candy, cigars and a small selection of groceries , as well as antiques and collectible knickknacks . Since 1879, the business has been owned by the Waite family.A large crowd gathered outside the store on Sunday morning to say goodbye to the business on its final day of operation, heraldnews-. com reported. The 21-yearold journalism student Jonah Waite inherited the shop after his father, Grayton Waite died of cancer last month at the age of 59. Jonah is not interested in running the family business and decided to close up shop.\"My dad knew it wasn't something I intended to take over and operate. His intention was to sell it in the next couple of years and fully retire . He didn't have time to do that,\" heraldnews.com quoted Jonah as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15290111", "title": "Jee Jee Kareh has a comical touch", "text": "'Jee Jee Kareh' is based on a playful concept, cleverly aimed to bring an element of humour to the dancefloor. Cloud 9 Music have opted for an eclectic sound for 'Jee Jee Kareh' placing a powerful emphasis on the strings, predominately guitar and tumbi, coupled with a strong dhol beat to keep the dancing flavour alive!This is most definitely a variation from traditional Bhangra and brings an interesting approach/marriage between easy listening and punchy beats. The video 'Jee Jee Kareh' has been directed by the acclaimed Ballistic Productions and the production value has stayed true to the concept of the song by bringing a comical approach to the screen.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "15286356", "title": "'We want to honour Gagan'", "text": "PANIPAT: As the news of Gagan Narang's win in London Olympics broke on Monday, a wave of excitement swept tiny Shimla Gujran village of Panipat district. Residents congratulated each other, distributed sweets and burst firecrackers to celebrate Narang's win.Although the Narangs left their Panipat village some 35 years back to settle down in Hyderabad, the villagers remember the family and consider the Olympians victory as their own and an occasion to celebrate. However, the family still owns some agriculture land here.\"We are celebrating the moment by distributing sweets and bursting firecrackers. We want to honour Gagan and invited him to the village after his return to India,\" said sarpanch Jai Kumar Kaushik.The villagers had performed yagna on Sunday, praying for Gagan's success in the Olympics. \"The entire village was there for the yajna,\" claimed another villager Om Prakash.\"Old timers remember the family (Gagan) as of hard working farmers, who earned a livelihood by ploughing the fields,\" he added.Gagan had won four gold medals in the Commonwealth Games held in New Delhi in 2010 and the Haryana government had felicitated him at a samman samaroh organized in Sonipat. During his visit to Rothak after the CWG, Narang had told TOI that although he was born in Chennai and lived in Hyderabad, his family belonged to Haryana. \"My family had shifted from Panipat before my birth due to my father's job assignments. But I still own ancestral land at Samalkha and am proud of my Haryana roots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285737", "title": "SC rejects Centre\u2019s stand to hold gratuity for ex-CLB member", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former acting chairman of Company Law Board (CLB) R Vasudevan, arrested by the CBI in November, 2009, and facing charges for allegedly accepting Rs 7 lakh for passing favourable orders, will get his gratuity for the period of service he rendered as a government employee prior to his appointment to CLB.The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed the Centre's appeal against a high court order directing the government to pay up his gratuity, which was withheld after his arrest on November 23, 2009, under the Prevention of Corruption Act.A bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur said the Centre was entitled to withhold gratuity and pension of a government servant if an inquiry was pending but not for an incident that occurred after his retirement.Vasudevan retired from service on June 17, 2009, but was re-appointed as member of CLB on June 17, 2009. He was arrested by the CBI on November 23, 2009. Additional solicitor general P P Malhotra cited the service rules to justify the withholding of the gratuity.But, the bench said: \"If we allow this then you (government) will keep withholding gratuity waiting for something to happen in future.\"On learning from Vasudevan's counsel that the gratuity amount was around 10 lakh, the bench remarked \"this would be peanuts for you\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ajmer/jaipur", "code": "15284578", "title": "Protest-wary CM skips Ajmer", "text": "AJMER/JAIPUR: Amid opposition from a section of the Muslim community, chief minister Ashok Gehlot cancelled his visit to Ajmer at the eleventh hour on Monday.Besides inaugurating a couple of development projects in the afternoon, Gehlot was to participate in a roza iftar party at Ajmer's Azad Park on Monday evening. An unknown Muslim organisation had, however, pasted posters in some Ajmer mosques urging the minority community people to boycott the roza iftar with Gehlot, whom it blamed for the Gopalgarh police firing incident where 10 Meo Muslims were killed last September. The discovery of posters equating Gopalgarh with Godhra and comparing Gehlot with Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi put the state police and the intelligence department on a high alert on Saturday, after which heavy deployment of forces was made for the visit. There were also reports that the protestors could show black flags to the chief minister.The chief minister's office, though, said the visit was cancelled following Gehlot's ill health. \"The chief minister had to cancel the Ajmer visit due to his ill health. He will be in Ajmer if his health improves by tomorrow (Tuesday),\" Yasin Khan, the chief minister's press advisor, told TOI.It was to be a two-day visit of the chief minister to the Dargah Sharif city.A government press statement issued in Ajmer for Tuesday's programmes, however, skipped the chief minister and mentioned that energy minister Jitendra Singh would attend these.Union minister of state for IT and Ajmer MP Sachin Pilot who was to accompany the chief minister for the programmes, though, went ahead with the visit. As per the original programme, Gehlot and Pilot were to reach Ajmer by road at 3.50 pm on Monday and were to inaugurate a trauma ward at the JLN hospital at 4.15 pm. Thereafter, the duo was to lay the foundation stone of an over-bridge across the Srinagar road and inaugurate the hockey Astroturf ground in Chandervardai Nagar. Finally, they were to participate in the roza iftar party organized by minister of state for education Naseem Akhtar at 7 pm. Union minister Pilot attended all these programmes.The city was turned into a fortress with deployment of policemen in large numbers early morning. Policemen were deputed in every nook and corner of the city. They stood at every 200 meters on the Jaipur-Ajmer road leading to the Circuit house and then to the Azad park.Around 2.30 pm, however, the district control room got the message that the chief minister's visit stood cancelled. Sources said that the intelligence wing had sent a report on the posters to the state government. \"We stated the posters' contents and also the investigation we took for long 48 hours and the Zero result,\" said official source.Sources also said that Gehlot did not want to risk facing the anger of the minority in Ajmer. \"If by any chance there is a protest in the presence of Gehlot, it would have sent an adverse message to the Congress high command and the chief minister is not in position to take such risks with the minority,\" a Congress source said.Minister Akhtar, however, said, \"The chief minister was busy in a public hearing program in Jaipur today and got delayed so cancelled his Ajmer programmes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15287202", "title": "Democratic Youth Federation of India to lay siege to Calicut University against Indian Union Muslim League 'arrogance'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: DYFI will stage a blockade at Calicut University on Tuesday to protest the alleged move ofthe IUML to communalize the campus.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, DYFI state president M Swaraj said academic interests were being torpedoed by the IUML to further its narrow agenda. \"Calicut University has become the centre of IUMLs arrogance,\" he said.Swaraj alleged that appointments were being made at the university scuttling all rules. As many as 38 arts and science colleges have been allotted without following any criteria.\"IUML has been pursuing a policy of communalization after UDF came to power. Chief minister Oommen Chandy has become a silent spectator to the IUML's agenda,\" he said.Former minister P K Sreemathi will inaugurate the blockade at 10am. MLA T V Rajesh, K E N Kunjahammad and mayor A K Premajam are expected to attend the function.Earlier on Monday, DYFI workers took out a march to the Vaidyuthi Bhavan here protesting the power tariff hike. The activists gheraoed the KSEB chief engineer in his office. Police later removed the agitators. DYFI district vice president P M Athira inaugurated the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15286237", "title": "Debt-ridden couple sells son in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "GUNTUR: In a shocking incident, parents sold an eight-month-old infant to a neighbour owing to severe debts. The incident took place a week ago but came to light late on Sunday night when the parents reached police station to get the custody of their child.According to police, daily-wage earner Ramesh of Nehrunagar in the town had reportedly been telling his neighbours that he wanted to sell his son as he was unable to face pressure from the money lenders. On learning about his plans, a neighbour, Peraiah, also a labourer, discouraged him from resorting to such practices and suggested him to clear his debts.However, Ramesh did not pay heed to his suggestions and was bent on selling his son. Peraiah, who himself has four daughters and a son, expressed his willingness to bring up the child if given to him.However, Ramesh made it clear that he would give his child only if he cleared his loans. Peraiah cleared nearly Rs 22,000 loans owed by Ramesh and took the child.Before taking the child, Peraiah took a written undertaking from Ramesh stating that the latter was giving his son in adoption on his own volition.A week later, Ramesh's wife started crying for the child and demanded the neighbours return him. However, Peraiah couple refused to give the child.The couple rushed to the police on Sunday and lodged a complaint against Peraiah for illegally taking their son into their custody. The story of his loans and debt clearance came out after Peraiah was summoned to the police station.Police tried to convince both the groups saying that executing a promissory note facilitating adoption was legally not valid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15286836", "title": "Miraculous escape for 42-yr-old mahout", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A mahout, Sattar (42), who survived some anxious moments after being pinned down to the ground by a young elephant, Unnikuttan, escaped with rib injuries after the second mahout, Binu (32), threw stones at the elephant. The stones distracted the elephant which lifted its head, enabling Sattar to roll to safety.Police from Trikkodithanam station and members of the elephant squad have reached Nalukody in Payyappady near Changanassery where the incident took place on Monday morning. Sattar has been admitted to the medical college hospital here.Incidentally, both Sattar and Binu are accused in the Paul M George murder case. Sattar is out on bail, and Binu, who had turned approver in the case, is a prosecution witness. Both are from Nalukody. Paul M George, executive director of Muthoot Group, was murdered near Alappuzha on August 21, 2009. The elephant was brought under control by its owner Prakash and a team of mahouts by evening.Prior to that, a team led by Dr Sabu C Issac, veterinary surgeon of the elephant squad, members of the elephant squad and mahouts tried in vain to bring it under control. Unnikuttan was stationed at Nalukodi for the last two days. It was when Sattar brought him food that the elephant pinned him down with its tusks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15284325", "title": "Black Monday: Grid collapse leaves north India in dark", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a black Monday for nearly a quarter of India's population as the worst power crisis in almost 10 years led to the northern grid, the largest arterial network for power in the country, collapsing early in the morning.The crisis began when an interconnecting substation in Agra tripped at 2.35am. Within seconds, all power stations in the region connected to the grid shut down, plunging Delhi, eight other northern states and the union territory of Chandigarh into darkness.The aftermath of the outage crippled normal life in the entire region. Some 300 trains, including Shatabdis, Rajdhanis and Durontos, either came to a halt leaving thousands of passengers stranded or had to be cancelled.In Delhi, the Metro network was all but grounded for over an hour. The service was restored in phases, with total normalcy returning only by noon. Airports and hospitals had to switch on their back-up generators to maintain services while water supply was hit.With traffic lights not working in the city, morning rush hour commuters had a harrowing time stuck in jams around major intersections.Some parts of south and central Delhi as well as the IGI Airport continued getting power supply from three units of the Badarpur power station till 6:58 am, after which even this plant tripped. The airport immediately switched to back-up so services were not affected there but the rest of Delhi went completely dark.Subsequently, emergency hydel power was brought in from Bhutan to electrify Delhi Metro, PM's residence and AIIMS. Restoration of supply started from 9:30 am and was carried out in phases, with complete normalcy reached by 4 pm.\"We started getting power from Delhi Transco from 8.15am and as the power started flowing through the system, we started resuming supply. By 2 pm, we managed to restore power to all our colonies,\" a BSES spokesperson said.State-run transmission utility PowerGrid Corporation, which operates the grid, managed to restore flow of some 20,000 MW by 8am. Railways, airports and hospitals were given power on priority.Electricity from eastern and western grids was wheeled to the north for re-starting the power plants that had tripped. Normal supply was restored by 5pm with 28,000 mw flowing through the network. PowerGrid chairman A M Nayak told TOI that the grid prepared to meet the peak demand of 35,000 MW or so expected by Monday evening.By evening, NTPC chairman Arup Roychoudhury said all the company's power stations in the region were working to capacity.The epicentre of the snag that led to the grid failure lay somewhere between Agra and Unnao. Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre has reportedly identified a fault in the transmission line connecting Agra and Unnao, which led to the crisis. UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi confirmed to TOI that NRLDC did point out at a fault on a transmission line in the Agra region.Nayak said the demand in the western region had dipped owing to rains. The system may have became unstable since this sudden drop coincided with a spike in demand in the northern region.Power minister Sushilkumar Shinde announced a three-member team under Central Electricity Authority chairperson A S Bakshi to investigate the reason for the grid collapse and report within 15 days. Nayak and S K Soonnee, CEO of Power System Operation Corporation, the subsidiary that works as the gatekeeper for the grid, would be the other members.Officially, no one was willing to comment on a possible reason. But power ministry officials and senior PowerGrid executives in private blamed the collapse on overdrawal by UP, Punjab and Haryana. The northern region was overdrawing 1,000 mw when the tripping started.\"The lines are long. Our grid is modern but it is a complicated system. The long lines pose problems of their own,\" Nayak said, adding the actual cause would be known only after data from all the high-voltage sub-stations are collated and the sequence of events simulated.But the PowerGrid chairman doubted it was a system failure, pointing out that nearly 60% supply was restored within 3-4 hours - a record in itself. It had taken 12 hours to restore supply when the northern grid had last collapsed on January 2, 2001 after a sub-station at Panki in UP tripped. The shutdown was sparked when dew accumulated in cracks of insulators in foggy conditions caused short-circuit in the high-voltage network.Power sector officials said that Delhi paid the price for its power generation not keeping pace with growing demand. \"If the government had been able to improve on Delhi's generation, the capital could have isolated itself from the northern grid fiasco. In the past, there have been several incidents when discoms were forced to load-shed because neighbouring states were overdrawing, just to ensure grid stability. If Delhi was more self-sufficient in power generation, the dependence on the grid would have reduced and the impact of the Monday crisis much lesser,\" said a power sector expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15287228", "title": "Kerala forms panel to find funds for monorail project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The decision of the state government on Monday to entrust the task of finding sources of financial support for implementing the monorail project to a sub-committee is likely to delay its start.Earlier it was expected that the cabinet committee would on Wednesday straightaway consider the detailed project report (DPR) for final approval. But new decision to form a special team is likely to further delay the final nod for the project.The sub-committee, headed by chief secretary K Jayakumar, will find investors and other government-level funding sources from the Rs 1,750-crore project.The panel, with principal secretary of finance department V P Joy, principal secretary of PWD P H Kurian, and CEO of Kerala Road Fund Board Harikishore as its members, will also conduct a detailed scrutiny of the DPR that was submitted to the government in June.The office of industries minister on Monday informed that the sub-committee will also hold discussions with various agencies for the technical and financial support for the project.The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) had already completed the field survey for the project that stretches from Kozhikode Medical College to Meenchanda in the first phase.It is learnt that the public works, transport and industries department has already approved the DPR. It is seems that a final nod from the finance department is delaying the project.The sub-committee will hold discussion with the department of economic affairs (DEA) at Delhi on the funding for the project. The permission of DEA is necessary to appoint a consultancy.The panel is also looking for the financial aid from Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for the project.The government is planning to form a company for the implementation of monorail project with chief minister as the chairman and DMRC as the project consultant.The executive engineer of DMRC, Kozhikode, Venugopalan, said the formation of sub-committee will further delay the project.\"If the committee completes its discussions and other procedures in a time-bound manner, the government can grant final approval for the project soon and DMRC can start the work in city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15286173", "title": "79% kids administered many essential vaccines", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When it comes to carrying out special immunization campaign in low performing areas including urban slums, migrant and mobile populations and marginalised population, the district health department on Monday claimed to have covered 79% children of set target who were administered with BCG, measles, DPT, Polio and other essential vaccines during four days special drive in the district.District immunization officer Dr Ashutosh Kumar told TOI that 3,705 children were administered with BCG vaccine while 3667, 3928 and 3271 children were administered with DPT-I, DPT-II and DPT-III vaccines respectively.He further maintained that 3,665 children were administered with polio vaccine while 3902 and 3251 children were covered under polio II and polio III vaccination drive. He also added that 3365 children were also given Booster dose during the vaccination drive.Similarly, 4,023 children were administered Measles vaccine while 3,065 and 3,333 children were covered under TT first and second dose vaccines.Deputy CMO, Dr Vivek Srivastava said \" as many as 5,057 children were given JE ( Japanese Encephalitis) vaccine . He also informed that the four day special drives were conducted July 23, 24, 26 and 27.He further maintained that the special drive would be further taken on September 23, 24, 26 and 27.Meanwhile, Chief Medical Officer (CMO), Dr. Padmakar Singh said \" the routine immunization services were offered to the children living in priority areas after the Centre declared 2012-13 as the year of intensification of routine immunization. Under the drive, the health department teams has been covering low performing areas including urban slums, migrant and mobile populations and marginalized population etc with an objective to improve the health scenario.He also added that primary targets were the children below two-year age-group and pregnant women who have not received all due vaccines under the National Immunization Schedule. However, other age-group children coming for vaccination were also covered.Under the Universal Immunization Programme, children were provided vaccination to prevent DPT, Polio, Measles, severe form of childhood Tuberculosis , Hepatitis B and Tetanus for pregnant women.Under the Universal Immunisation Programme, children were provided vaccination to prevent DPT, Polio, Measles, severe form of childhood Tuberculosis, Hepatitis B and Tetanus for pregnant women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15284606", "title": "Ring road protest: JDA wants top cops to intervene", "text": "JAIPUR: Seeing the police's lackadaisical approach in taking action against farmers who hampered the ring road project work, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has approached senior officials of police commissionerate for prompt intervention.So far, four complaints have been lodged in Shivdaspura and Muhana police stations against farmers who assaulted company and JDA workers on the site. However, not a single culprit has been booked by the police so far.A senior official said, \"We have learnt that the police stations concerned in absence of any arrest are planning to submit final report (FR) to benefit the accused under political pressure. In this regard we have requested police commissioner to intervene.\"On last Wednesday, due to the unresolved land acquisition issues between the state and the farmers in the ongoing ring road project a large number of agitated farmers turned violent and beat a few project workers and attempted to set ablaze the earth moving machine. Sources claimed, \"An FIR against eight farmers was lodged, however, no action has been taken yet.\"As the awarded company Sanjosh Supreme Company has shown apprehensions to work under such circumstances, the JDA on Monday appointed a dedicated staff for their protection. Vineet Gehlot, director, Sanjosh said, \"The JDA has appointed a tehsildar and four policemen for our protection.\" He added, \"Protection is very necessary as at some sites villagers have started becoming aggressive.\"Though, the empowered committee is trying to resolve the farmers' demands, ambiguity looms large over the project as the Samiti farmers remain adamant that the ring road project must be constructed on 90 metres and refused to give 360 metres for it.The JDA had planned to construct a road on 90 metre transport corridor and acquired 135 metres on either sides to develop it commercially. The idea has, however, not gone down well with the farmers. Under the banner of the Samiti they are demanding compensation at market price for 90 metres and return of excess land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15285419", "title": "Grid failure hits power, water supplies in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rude shock of a massive power failure in the intervening night of Sunday and Monday left residents of Lucknow high and dry for nearly eight hours. Power supply was restored in VIP areas like Raj Bhawan and Kalidas Marg as early as 5.30 am, there were reports of some localities like Gosainganj where power could not be restored even till late evening. The power crisis not only crippled the essential services like Railways, but also affected water supply.Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) officials said that adequate caution was taken by UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited, while restoring the power supply in some of the localities. \"This is being done to ensure that no over loading on transmission happens,\" said an official. No wonder power supply was restored slowly in different parts of the state capital. The over load factor was essentially taken into account in those localities, which are relatively more populated and do not have separation of feeders for a stable power supply.\"This was the worst start to the week,\" said Rajesh Bhagat, a resident of Aliganj. \"The locality has been facing a critical power supply for the past many days. It only aggravated on that particular day,\" said Naveen Chandra, a resident of Purania. So was the situation in localities like Indiranagar and Alambagh, where power supply could be restored only by noon. However, parts of localities around Kursi Road remained without power till late evening after an 11 KV line tripped. Lesa sources said that the crisis arose following a cable fault that could not be restored timely, even as resentment brew amongst the residents.The situation was almost similar in the old city area where power supply though got restored by noon. However, some of the localities faced power crisis after a 990 KVA transformer developed a snag in the evening. Lesa officials said that the situation is likely to normalise only late evening.The power crisis resulted in a severe water crisis as well. Both the water works in the old city and the third water works in the trans-Gomti area remained stalled in the absence of power. Lucknow Jal Sansthan sources said that the water works could not draw and pump water to the over head tanks. Likewise, in most of the localities, the tubewells did not function. As a result, most of tanks could not be filled up. General manager, LJS, Rajiv Bajpai said that the duration of water supply got reduced by at least an hour.The problem was relatively grave in localities like Alambagh, Nishatganj, Aliganj, Mahanagar and Indiranagar where the reduced pressure of water left little options for the residents. Some of the localities, in fact, did not receive water supply in the morning.Bajpai said that the sansthan ensured that the water supply becomes normal for the second half of the day. Sources, however, said that the absence of power supply in localities affected by regular power outages aggravated the water crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15285208", "title": "BJP's loan waiver formula may bleed firms", "text": "BANGALORE: Populist measure of BJP government, to waive farm loans to the tune of Rs 3,500 crore with an eye on the next year's assembly elections, threatens to bleed thousands of primary agricultural cooperative institutions and banks in the state.Reason: The state government is yet to reimburse last year's loan waiver of Rs 800 crore to such institutions and now appears that it is impossible to meet the burden of repaying another Rs 3,500 crore at least for another year.\"The government's ambitious loan waiver scheme is likely to sound a death knell for several cooperative institutions especially for those which are bankrupt and bleeding financially,\" said KN Nagaraj, a cooperative bank manager.The last time the government waived Farmer's Cooperative Society loan of Rs 1,940 crore was after 2009 floods. It had released Rs 1,760 crore. Likewise, the due of previous years loan waivers taken by different governments over a decade has accumulated to Rs 800 crore, sources said.The previous government had come out with ambitious schemes for revitalization of cooperative credit societies but all such moves continue to gather dust. With little financial support, most of the cooperative credit societies have either shut down or are surviving on the edge.\"The scheme will help both farmers and cooperative organizations if the government arranges for direct release of the subsidy amount to them, like in case of milk producers, where the government is giving Rs 2 per litre subsidy directly to producers. Likewise, the loan waiver scheme subsidy too should reach farmers directly,\" said Vinay Kulkarni, member, Karnataka State Apex Cooperative Bank.But for the struggling cooperative sector in the farming community, the real question is what lies ahead. The realization that such loan waivers only adds to the woes of credit culture by providing an incentive to default in rural areas has started bothering financial institutions.Populist measures such as loan waivers only subvert the actual agenda of much-needed financial inclusion and financial security in rural areas. It is high time that the governments moved forward from creating financial crisis and then giving dole-outs to actually reforming the rural financial institutions. \"Financial services in rural areas are provided through a multi-agency approach involving commercial banks, cooperative credit institutions and the regional rural banks,\" said AC Appanna, a banking expert.However, the state government is optimistic. \"We have already taken steps in this direction by increasing Value Added Tax (VAT) by 0.5 % to mobilize Rs 1,000crore. We will soon explore possibilities of mobilizing funds through other means and also by approaching National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) for a refinancing scheme,'' said chief minister Jagadish Shettar, allaying all apprehensions.* As many as 16 lakh farmers in the state are expected to benefit from the loan waiver scheme that amount to Rs 3,500 crore.* Seen as the largest dole out in recent years to the farming community, the BJP government is hoping that it will also get translated into votes in the upcoming assembly elections.* The outstanding dues as of now from the government to cooperative institutions were Rs 800 crore.* The government is expected to spell out the loan waiver guidelines before the ongoing assembly session ends on August 2 as there is a demand to extend loan waiver benefit among all farmers and also increase duration of the loan waiver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15289548", "title": "Power transformers a major threat in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Electric transformers perched on the compound wall of residential societies, apartments, in the middle of the roads, outside commercial shopping complexes, near hospitals, clinics or industrial areas, pose a serious threat to the life and property of people in the diamond city.A 32-year-old textile worker received serious burn injuries when an electric transformer of Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Ltd (DGVCL) exploded on Sunday evening. The victim, Rakesh Pratapsingh Rajput, who came out of his unit in Pandesara's Pramukh Park Industrial Society to take a break, was sitting under a transformer when it exploded. Boiling hot oil from the transformer spilled out on the road, seriously burning the victim.Sources said almost all electricity transformers belonging to DGVCL at Athwalines, Bamroli, Pandesara, Limbayat, Varachha, Katargam, Adajan, Palanpur Patia, Rander, etc, are left open. They don't have any sort of safety covers to prevent direct contact with people.In a survey carried out by the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) in 2009, as many as 438 electricity transformers have been installed in the middle of roads in areas like Athwalines, Limbayat, Varachha and Katargam. If any untoward incident occurs during the monsoon season, commuters plying from near the transformers may receive serious burns injuries.Sources said most of the electricity transformers are in a very bad condition and are like ticking bombs waiting to explode any time.\"A majority of transformers belong to DGVCL as Torrent Power has almost completed its electricity network by laying underground cables and electricity feeders in the walled city and surrounding areas. We have sent many reminders to DGVCL authorities, but they are yet to take any decision on removing the transformers and laying underground network,\" said a senior civic officer.However, DGVCL authorities said the work on removing transformers and setting up of electricity feeders has already started in Rander zone. It is due to the monsoon season that the DGVCL is not getting permission from SMC to dig roads and that the work will start in full swing from September.\"We are equally concerned about the life and property of people. Sunday's incident was very unfortunate but it was not due to increase in electricity load or anything. A short-circuit in the transformer led to explosion,\" said a senior DGVCL officer.He said, \"DGVCL has approved laying of underground cable in 200 kilometre area covering Rander, Adajan, Athwalines, Umara, Vesu, etc, and work will start after the monsoon season gets over, in September.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15286105", "title": "NIA finishes Samjhauta blast probe, to book trio by Aug 14", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), probing the 2003 Sadiq Jamal encounter case in Gujarat, has come to know during investigations that Jamal was never in the official custody of Gujarat or Maharashtra police and that both the state police departments allegedly kept him under illegal detention for almost one-and-a-half month.A top CBI officer said, \"During investigations, we came to know that Jamal was in illegal custody of both the state police departments for many days before he was killed.\"Jamal was killed in Naroda area of Ahmedabad on January 13, 2003, after police claimed he was a Lashkar operative who was on a mission to kill chief minister Narendra Modi . CBI sources said they have examined close to 100 witnesses in the case and prima facie it looks like Sadiq Jamal was illegally detained and then killed.Meanwhile, the CBI investigation has also thrown up the name of a Gujarat police inspector who allegedly played a vital role in the alleged encounter of Jamal.CBI investigations have already revealed that the weapons used by the Gujarat cops to kill Jamal were the same they used in the encounter of Ishrat Jahan in 2004. Sixteen Gujarat cops have been accused of killing Jamal, including Gujarat \"encounter specialist\" D G Vanzara, who is currently in jail for his role in the Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram fake encounter case.Jamal was a domestic help for a businessman in Dubai . Originally from Bhavnagar, he had a police case pending against him and wanted a way out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15287562", "title": "Activists, cops halt illegal cattle slaughter", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa police and animal welfare activists rescued 11 cattle who were crammed in a truck and being transported from Banda to Calangute for slaughter on Monday at Guirim.The truck driver, Juni Bashir was arrested, the truck was seized, while cattle were sent to a rescue shelter.The bulls were crammed into one truck in violation of the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960; the Transport of Animals Rules, 1978; and the Indian Penal Code, police said.The volunteers of the animal rescue squad received information that an overloaded truck was transporting cattle from the cattle market in Banda in Maharashtra. They informed the police and headed to the spot.\"We followed the truck and informed the police. The truck driver avoided three checkposts on the way while travelling from Banda towards Calangute,\" said Joshine Anthony of the animal rescue squad.Mapusa police intercepted the truck at the Guirim junction and found the cattle inside. \"The rules say a cow or bull needs two square meters of space, which means a truck can only carry 4-5 animals. This truck had 11 bulls,\" said Anthony. She said that the cattle were taken from the Banda cattle market on the pretext that they would be put on service for agriculture, but they were being illegally exported to Goa and slaughtered in an illegal slaughter house in Calangute. The rescued cattle were later taken to shelter in Calangute.Amrut Singh of the animal rescue squad said that a year back, the same truck was seized and 13 cattle were rescued while they were being allegedly taken to the same slaughter house in Calangute.He said that cattle are transported to Goa under the pretext of taking them to the slaughter house at Usgao-Tisk, but are illegally slaughtered at the illegal slaughter houses. He said that the accused had no documents to transport the cattle and the transportation was illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15287673", "title": "Conditions at Goa Medical College remain pathetic: MLAs", "text": "PORVORIM: MLAs on Monday drew the attention of health minister Laxmikant Parsekar to the pathetic condition of Goa Medical College and Hospital and demanded improvement.What they said about GMC:St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh: In the last five years little was done to strengthen health care in the state. \"The canteen is in bad shape and every Saturday and Sunday patients face a water shortage. There are only four ventilators at GMC delaying patients' operations. Kidney dialysis apparatus is also short at GMC.\"His demand: The government look into providing these facilities.The health department construct an 80-bed primary health centre at Mandur.Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane: There is a tremendous shortage of medicines and drugs at GMC.His demand: The government immediately look into this.Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane: There is an urgent need for a super-specialty unit at GMC.His demand: Asks the government to promote doctors as per seniority.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco: The government inquire into excess staff recruited, and into the housekeeping and security contracts at GMC.His allegation: They were signed in exchange for kickbacks.Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai: The health department should revive and re-tender the universal medical insurance scheme so that it is people friendly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15285180", "title": "HC sets December 31 deadline on illegal banners", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten years after gynaecologist Dr Anahita Pundole launched a fight against illegal hoardings and the indiscriminate hacking of trees in the city, the Bombay high court on Monday gave its nod to a roadmap to rein in unauthorized banners.A division bench of Chief Justices Mohit Shah and Nitin Jamdar agreed to December 31 as the deadline for the BMC to finish vetting the 2,100 hoardings in Mumbai and check if they comply with the norms.Around 2,100 hoardings in the city will have to apply to the corporation for renewal before August 31. The BMC will go through the applications and identify hoardings which comply with the BMC Act and the policy guidelines on hoardings by December 31. The deputy municipal commissioner of the zone will certify and endorse the hoardings which comply with the rules when its license is renewed. The license of hoardings that fail to meet the norms will be cancelled after proper proceedings.Pundole welcomed the high court order. \"The BMC has framed proper guidelines, but unfortunately the reality is that it is not being implemented properly. We are hopeful that the BMC will respect the court's orders and Mumbai will be rid of illegal hoardings,\" she said.Senior advocate Iqbal Chhagla, counsel for the petitioner, had suggested that the superintendent of licences, who issues permission to put up a hoarding, be made liable so that s/he issues approval only for hoardings that conform to the rules.Advocate Birendra Saraf, counsel for the BMC, proposed that every license issued for a hoarding be endorsed by deputy municipal commissioner.In her petition, Pundole, said not only were trees hacked to afford a better view of hoardings, many of the banners were set up on footpaths, in the sea, including Mahim creek and compulsory open spaces like the Jawahar Bal Bhavan in Chowpatty. Hoardings were also put up on heritage buildings and heritage precincts like the Mahalaxmi temple area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287605", "title": "Fields of concrete", "text": "Panchanama - Parra - BardezResidential and commercial projects in low-lying, agricultural fields are a visible blemish on this panchayat's picturesque landscapeParra is a village lush with paddy fields and a verdant hill along a periphery. But its proximity to the tourism hotspots of Calangute and Anjuna has left it with a problem that's largely illegal-the filling up of low-lying, predominantly agricultural lands for residential and commercial projects.Yet, despite the multitude of structures in fields along the Mapusa-Calangute road winding through the village, residents of Parra are not ready to comment, on record, on the issue. They fear repercussions from vested interests.\"The government should either demolish all the structures without favouring anyone or shouldn't touch any. What is the use of democracy? Only people in power get away with illegalities. Ordinary people can't do anything. The law should be equal for all,\" says a local, on condition of anonymity.Former sarpanch Benedict D'Souza says candidly, \"The land-filling is because of vote-bank politics. Those in power at the village panchayat condone any land-filling by their supporters and rush to stop any illegalities committed by their opponents.\"The Gamavaddo-resident adds, \"When I was sarpanch I saw to it that there were very limited constructions.\" He feels villagers should be allowed to \"fill up a portion of their roadside fields\" to set up self-employment enterprises \"because of the dearth of jobs\".Section 17 A of the Town and Country Planning Act prohibits the reclamation of low-lying, cultivable lands. But it lacks the teeth to go after offenders. Villagers point out that if the police are summoned, they arrive at the spot, take the labourers into custody, and release them the next day.Alternatively, the procedure at the deputy collector's level is so time-consuming that by the time any action is taken, the field is already filled, say locals. \"There has to be a change in the law to stop the land-filling,\" says D'Souza.Sarpanch Delilah Lobo agrees. \"It's so difficult to stop the land-filling and illegal constructions,\" says the wife of the local BJP MLA, Michael Lobo. \"Our system is very bad. If we get a demolition order, they get a stay order and it goes on and on. If we take the police and go to the site when we learn that somebody is doing land-filling, at the most they arrest the persons involved for a day or two and then they release them on payment of fine. I feel the government should come out with some harsh measures to stop this,\" she says.Michael says, \"On the one hand, the government says it wants to encourage agriculture, on the other it's not doing anything about land-filling. The earlier government had constituted flying squads to stop land-filling, but they've become sleeping squads.\"Because of the filling up of low-lying paddy fields, waterlogging has increased in the village, says Anand Salgaonkar who runs a stationery shop at the Parra tinto. He stresses that if one group of people are allowed to fill their fields, then all should be allowed to do so.Problem, problemGarbage grouseParra has not shown a garbage disposal site in its draft Regional Plan 2021. Sarpanch Delilah Lobo claims the expert committee which prepared the draft plan \"said we don't need a garbage disposal site\". \"But a garbage treatment facility is needed. The high court has also asked panchayats to set up garbage treatment plants. We are trying to identify suitable land,\" she says.Former sarpanch Benedict D'Souza explains the missing garbage disposal site in the plan by saying the expert committee had felt that since people have villas they could easily dispose of their wet waste in their compounds.Pointing out to the village's waste woe, store owner Anand Salgaonkar says, \"The MLA, after being elected, cleared 15 truckloads of garbage, but more bags of garbage appeared the next day.\" He claims shack and hotel owners from neighbouring Calangute and Anjuna are responsible for this.Migrant menace?The recent murder of a woman by her husband in Parra has brought to light the \"migrant issue\" in the village. The couple is from North India. According to villagers, small residential quarters are among the constructions in the village's low-lying lands. These are rented out or sold to labourers, they claim. Besides creating problems of hygiene, there is now the problem of criminal elements taking shelter in these settlements, locals allege.Top ViewIt's so difficult to stop the land-filling and illegal constructions. Our system is very bad. If we get a demolition order, they get a stay order and it goes on and on. I feel the government should come out with some harsh measures to stop thisDelilah Lobo, sarpanchOn the one hand, the government says it wants to encourage agriculture, on the other it's not doing anything about land-filling. The earlier government had constituted flying squads to stop land-filling, but they've become sleeping squadsMichael Lobo, MLA, CalangutePeople's TakeThe land-filling is because of vote-bank politics. Those in power at the village panchayat condone any land-filling by their supporters and rush to stop any illegalities committed by their opponentsBenedict D'Souza, former sarpanchBecause of the filling up of low-lying paddy fields, waterlogging has increased in the village. If one group of people are allowed to fill their fields, then all should be allowed to do soAnand Salgaonkar, store owner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15287505", "title": "Bills tabled in House", "text": "PORVORIM: An amendment bill seeking to levy a composition fee of 300 per seat for buses and maxi cabs registered outside Goa and plying in Goa, was introduced in the Goa assembly on Monday.By another amendment bill introduced in the assembly- the Goa Barge Tax (amendment) Bill 2012- the government seeks to increase the annual tax per tonne levied for barges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15290182", "title": "Cop glare on Cinderella hour set to bust city nightlife", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The nascent nightlife of Bhubaneswar seems to be on the verge of being nipped in the bud after Saturday's police crackdown on some pubs and clubs for allegedly staying open after the stipulated midnight Cinderella hour. The aftershock was evident in the form of poor footfall of revelers at the recreation hubs on Sunday.\"Once bitten twice shy! Instead of taking the risk of visiting a nightclub, we confined ourselves to a friend's apartment for the evening drink. But we missed the music and the DJ,\" rued Rohit Agarwal, a corporate executive. \"There should not be any curb on clubs,\" he added wistfully.After concentrating on roadside dhabas and liquor off-shops, police turned the heat on upscale pubs late on Saturday night in the wake of the July 21 firing at a club in Laxmisagar area.While the state capital had been alien to nightlife culture till a few years ago, the city has been steadily catching up with its metropolitan counterparts in this regard, the youth and corporates taking to the mushrooming watering holes like fish to water.However, the DJ is allowed to play till 11 pm only and pubs are asked to shut down their establishments by midnight. Sources said a few bar owners had recently proposed to the excise department to extend the deadline of pubs till 2 am, but to no avail.The police crackdown has now left the entrepreneurs running the plush pubs and discotheques in the city more worried about their business. \"The peak sale period starts after 10 pm. Nearly 40% of our sale is seen in the night. At times police asks us to close the club before the deadline, causing us heavy losses. Business executives and other elite clients throng pubs around 10.30 pm only after winding up their work. Tourists too look for recreation and music till late in the night,\" said Satya Mohanty, owner of a city-based pub. \"Police should take on illegal and unlicensed bars. We run the club professionally and do not promote drugs or vulgarism,\" he stressed. \"Tourist places like Goa give temporary license to pubs to extend the deadline by two to three hours. We are ready to pay more money to the government for a time extension,\" he added helpfully.Sources said a pub pays Rs 4 to 6 lakh to the government annually to renew its license. Besides, the government has fixed a minimum guaranteed quota (MGQ) for bar owners to compulsorily purchase a certain quantity of liquor and beer from state-owned Orissa state beverage corporation (OSBC) in a month.The excise department has provided license to 52 liquor off-shops, 8 country spirit counters, 24 hotels, 21 restaurants, 8 beer parlours, 1 club and 2 military canteens to store and sell liquor in the city.Twin city commissioner of police Sunil Roy said police will continue to prosecute nightclubs if they are found flouting excise norms or promoting rave parties. \"Nightclubs and hotels have been asked to adopt security measures and install close circuit television cameras at the entrance and inside pubs. They should also maintain a logbook to record detailed addresses of visitors,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15289744", "title": "Sewage water leaks into pipe water", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For the last seven days residents of Ashok Nagar have been getting contaminated water. Residents of the area alleged sewage water has been leaking into piped water. Following complaints of skin and stomach ailments in the area, the public health department has stopped supplying pipe water and is providing water through tankers.\"A few days ago I detected a stench in the pipe water and later we became certain it was the smell of sewage,\" said Harman Das, a resident of Ashok Nagar. By the time he realized this, however, his wife had developed stomach infections, he said. \"My neighbours also had the same complaint. Many of them had started suffering from skin irritation, and we immediately lodged a complaint with the public health and engineering division-I (PHED),\" he added.But when no action was taken by the PHED department, a group of residents gheraoed the PHED office a couple of days ago and staged a dharna demanding pure piped water.\"After getting complaints from the residents the water supply was disconnected and we have been providing them water through tankers. However, it is not yet established if sewage water somehow has been leaking into piped water. Investigation is on to detect the leakage, if any,\" said a senior officer in PH division-I.Sura Jena, a local CPI leader said, \"A number of people have fallen ill in the locality after drinking the contaminated water. The PH officials are digging up the connections but have not yet been able to find the source of the leak. We have requested the officials not to supply water from Bapuji Nagar but to give us water from the Ashok Nagar tank.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15290206", "title": "Cops to remove 15-yr-old vehicles from Ranchi roads", "text": "RANCHI: The traffic police are gearing up to remove commercial vehicles, which are older than 15 years, from the streets of the city on August 1 following a Jharkhand high court order which said such vehicles should be banned to control the pollution level.Traffic SP Chandrashekhar Prasad said removing these vehicles wouldn't be a problem as most of the three-wheelers had already been seized in the drive of removing the vehicles from no parking zones. \"Of the 10 autos we catch on the road everyday, four are older than 15 years. We seize the permit of such drivers and inform the court about it. So almost 40% autos have already been stopped from plying so far,\" Prasad said.Many auto drivers have either sold their vehicles or have diverted the route they ply on. \"We are left with only 25% old autos on the road which we will remove in the first week of August,\" said Prasad.The SP also said strict action would be taken against those bus and truck owners who still continued to ply the old vehicles. \"The educational institutions have been given time till August 15 to dispose of the old buses. The owners of other buses and trucks have been sent a letter to remove those vehicles by August 10,\" he added.If the owners do not remove the old vehicles by August 10, case will be lodged against them for contempt of court, Prasad said.Various heavy vehicles owners' association, however, called a meeting on Monday to discuss further steps to be taken by them once the police start seizing the vehicles.Chairperson of the Jharkhand Truck Owners' Association Uday Shankar Ojha said, \"First the government set the deadline of July 31 to remove heavy vehicles but after we threatened to call chakka jam, they extended the date to August 10.\"Ojha said they had not changed their stand yet. \"The day administration tries removing heavy vehicles from road, we will call a statewide chakka jam for indefinite period. Not a single commercial vehicle will ply on the road from that day until the government takes back its orders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15287786", "title": "Government appoints 349 junior engineers", "text": "PATNA: For the first time in 25 years, the state government has appointed 349 junior engineers (JEs) on a regular basis for its three works departments - water resources department (WRD), road construction department (RCD) and public health and engineering department (PHED). Hitherto, the state government had been appointing junior engineers on contract basis.Of the 349 JEs, 269 have been appointed in WRD, 68 in RCD and 12 in PHED. WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary distributed appointment letters among the 269 JEs of his department at a function held on the premises of the department's Water and Land Management Institute (WALMI) on Monday. WRD principal secretary Afzal Amanullah and engineer-in-chief (north) Devi Rajak were present on the occasion. The newly-appointed JEs of WRD included five women - Rashmi Rani, Rashmi Kumari, Pushpa Kumari, Archana Sinha and Nutan Sah.However, the appointment of 269 JEs would hardly suffice for the department. Therefore, Choudhary said, the department has started a move for fresh appointment of 1,500 JEs on contract basis, which would be completed in the next couple of months.According to Rajak, there were 4,476 sanctioned posts of JEs in WRD, against which the department has 1,577, including the 269 new ones, working on a regular basis. Besides, as many as 944 JEs have been serving the department on contract basis. Yet, overall, around 1,950 posts still remain to be filled up. The expected appointment of 1,500 new JEs on contract basis would help in mitigating the problems caused by their shortage. The contractual appointment is subject to renewal every year, and no renewal is done after three years.Choudhary said the department's stress has shifted to imaginative and efficient management of water resources in the state, since water had begun to be counted among the most significant natural resources not only internationally, but also in the country. \"The use of water resource requires imaginative concern and effective management even for domestic purposes. The success of WRD depends on most efficient use of water resources for irrigation purposes,\" he said.Amanullah exhorted the JEs to do their job with \"utmost sincerity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15285886", "title": "Blackout expands NDMA\u2019s scope", "text": "NEW DELHI: Collapse of northern power grid on Monday presented a new dimension of disaster which has, so far, skipped policymakers' attention. Every state and Union Territory has its own contingency plan to deal with various crises, but no one seems to have anticipated the magnitude of problem like a blackout can pose.National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) \u2014 the apex disaster management body - that does not have mandate to look into such crisis will now get into that mode since a massive power failure plays havoc with basic infrastructure facilities like railways, metro rail system, lifts in multi-storey buildings and movement of vehicular traffic.Admitting that devising any guideline for consequences of something like power grid failure does not \"fall under the purview of the apex disaster management body\", NDMA vice-chairman M Shashidhar Reddy said: \"We have now to get into that mode\".The Northern Grid, which caters to power supply in nine states and UTs \u2014 Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, J&K; and Chandigarh \u2014 collapsed at 2.35am on Monday, and the black out continued for about eight hours in the entire region. The outage severely affected various services including metro operation, traffic signals and production of drinking-water at six major water treatment plants in the national Capital. Services of about 300 trains, including premier ones like Rajdhani, Shatbadi and Duronto, were also affected causing inconvenience to passengers.What if it affected 'critical' infrastructures like nuclear power plants or country's cyber facilities? NDMA member B Bhattacharjee, a nuclear scientist, said: \"Such a situation will not pose any problem to our nuclear facilities as such establishments have in-built mechanism to run in isolated mode (without drawing electricity from outside supply/grid) using their own 'captive' power plants\".Another member of this apex body, K M Singh, agreed saying even cyber facilities have enough power back-up to sustain for much longer hours.Singh, a retired IPS officer and ex-CISF chief, said, \"Every ministry has its own plan ready to deal with such a situation. We are always ready with our National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel for the purpose of specialized response to natural and man-made disasters\".At present, any major crisis can be handled by the cabinet secretary-led Crisis Management Group if it needs coordination among not only various ministries but also between states and the Centre. NDMA provides a vital support to such group in terms of expert guidelines and execution mechanism right from the central level to the site that faced disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15287589", "title": "Tiatrists irked over failure to include them in panel", "text": "The tiatr artistes from Salcete have expressed their disappointment over not finding any representation in the newly constituted general council of Ravindra Bhavan, Margao. Addressing mediapersons on Monday, a group of tiatr artists pointed out that the committee consisted of \"BJP losing candidates, BJP office bearers and BJP members who do not have any knowledge of art and culture\". Pointing out that the maximum share of revenue generated by the Ravindra Bhavan was through fees collected from tiatr shows, the tiatrists have demanded reconstitution of the committee to include at least four persons from the tiatr field and that either its chairman or vice-chairman should be a tiatrist. \"We demand that the government should not use cultural bodies as rehabilitation centres for the party workers and office bearers and should give representation only to genuine artists,\" a press note issued by the tiatrists stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15287424", "title": "Zambian gets 30 years in jail for drug smuggling", "text": "MUMBAI: In a rare instance, a special Narcotics Drugs Psychotropic Substances court on Monday sentenced a Zambian woman to 30 years' imprisonment after she was found guilty of attempting to smuggle drugs outside India.Special judge M Y Mankar convicted 28-year-old Nancy Tambo on separate counts. While she was sentenced to 15 years' rigorous imprisonment for possessing the drug, she was also handed a 15-year sentence for transporting it. Both sentences will run consecutively. Tambo will also have to pay a fineof Rs 2lakh.Tambo was arrested in December 2008 when she was leaving from the city for South Africa. \"She was caught by the Air Intelligence Unit at the time of immigration. Four packets of drugs in the form of capsules were concealed in her clothing , said special public prosecutor Arun Gupte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15289390", "title": "Exxon Valdez will be buried in Alang", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court (SC) on Monday gave a green signal to Exxon Valdez, the massive crude oil tanker that caused one of the worst-ever oil spills in Alaska in 1989, to be dismantled in Alang.A two-judge bench headed by Altamas Kabir said the Oriental Nicety, formerly known as Exxon Valdez, can be anchored and dismantled at the Alang ship-breaking yard. The 213,000-tonne tanker was set to come to Alang on May 9.However, GPCB refused permission till SC decided on the petition filed by Delhi-based activist Gopal Krishna, asking the court to stop the vessel from coming to India on the grounds that it contains \"toxic\" waste.\"It's disappointing that the toxic-laden vessel has given entry into Indian waters,\" Krishna said. \"The ship poses an environmental threat because it had asbestos and heavy metals aboard,\" he added.Exxon Valdez, which was ultimately converted into an ore-carrying vessel after the Alaska accident, was purchased by Alang-based Blue Oasis , a subsidiary of Priya Blue Industries led by Sanjay Mehta. The 300-metre-long vessel is said to have been purchased from China-based COSCO Shanghai Ship Management company for around $16 million.GPCB officials said they haven't received the court order and can't comment at this stage. The ship is currently anchored around six nautical miles off Alang with its 16-member Indian crew. \"The agencies operating in Alang in their affidavits have said there is no hazardous waste in loose form on the ship. The court has said that if waste is found during dismantling of the ship, then proper process should be followed for its disposal and cost be borne by the ship owner,\" Krishna said.Exxon Valdez has also been renamed several times. It was recommissioned as Exxon Mediterranean and changed many names after that. It was built by San Diego , California-based National Steel and Shipbuilding Company in 1985.No vessel to be dismantled in futureThe order allowing Exxon Valdez could well be called a blessing in disguise for environmentalists. Petitioner Gopal Krishna said, \"The apex court has ruled that in future no vessel should be dismantled in the country in contravention of the Basel Convention.\"The convention, an international treaty on cross-boundary movement of hazardous wastes, that among others, insists on prior consent by the host country and prior decontamination of vessels in the country of origin. GPCB officials said if it becomes mandatory to follow Basel Convention, then for few months no new ship could be anchored at Alang as it would require a new policy to get ship-breakers adhere to the guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15286935", "title": "Show-cause notice issued to CBI official", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Monday issued show-cause notices to Mumbai builder Ramesh Govani, his partner Mahendra Shah and CBI inspector N M Parab for allegedly manipulating evidence in the alleged Lohegaon land scam. The notices were issued on a complaint filed by builder Harish Milani, one of the suspects in the land scam.Milani's complaint states that Parab, investigating officer in the scam, had allegedly concealed material evidence in the chargesheet for shielding Govani and Shah by entering into a criminal conspiracy with CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena. Saxena, who is a prosecutor in the scam, is also a party in the complaint.The show-cause notice was not issued to Saxena as he has received a copy of the complaint. He was present before the court when the case came up for hearing on Monday.Parab had filed chargesheet against Milani, defence estates officer (retd) Sevak Nayyar and others in the scam. Milani has alleged that the CBI should have made Govani a suspect in the chargesheet rather then making him a witness in the scam.Milani has demanded action against Govani, Shah, Parab and Saxena for allegedly committing offence of criminal conspiracy, cheating, forgery and other sections of the IPC. He has prayed to initiate contempt of court proceedings against them and demanded compensation of Rs 100 crore for causing him mental harassment. Milani was represented by his lawyer Pratap Pardeshi. The complaint will come up for hearing on August 13.Govani was not available for comments when he was contacted on his cellphone. Saxena told TOI that the allegations made by Milani are baseless as Govani is the main witness in the scam.The special court had earlier rejected Milani's plea to make him an approver in the scam as he was ready to reveal the name of more suspects against whom the CBI had not taken action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15286806", "title": "Is the law stipulating presence of all accused a loophole?", "text": "NAGPUR: The NDCCB case in which the accused appear to be conveniently delaying the case simply by not being present together, raises question mark over the Section 223 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) that, according to the lawyers, requires physical presence of all accused simultaneously when charges are framed.The entire procedure of examining witnesses and taking the case further comes only after charges are framed. So if the accused remain absent by turns and buy time on health grounds as has happened in this case, probably the charges may be never framed leading to travesty of justice. Legal experts say this could be avoided if the public prosecutor is vigilant enough and presses for arrests or separation of trial for those who cannot be present for some unavoidable reason.In this case, one of the accused Mahendra Agrawal is reported to be bed-ridden and another Kanan Mevawala is absconding.Experts say the rationale behind the provision is to ensure that the accused could adequately prepare their defence. The law says the person being tried has to be present when the charges are read out and he is heard too. The accused also declares whether he pleads guilty or not at that time. \"It stresses on presence of all the accused so that each one gets to know what the other has said before the court as it may help them prepare the defence,\" said a senior judge.Lawyers say often the provision is used as a loophole but it cannot be a stumbling block in a trial. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam says there is a little scope for a change in the provisions as it ensures natural justice. However, the prosecutor can always press for separation of trials of those who are repeatedly not being present. Non-bailable warrants can be issued to ensure presence too, he said.Prashant Sathianathan, who was the public prosecutor in NDCCB scam case four years ago, said he had asked for NBWs and having the accused arrested so they remain present. He moots the use of electronic media like video conferences in cases any of the accused cannot remain present for a long duration. District Government Pleader Asif Qureshi said there is also provision under which the defence lawyer can apply for the case to continue without the presence of the accused.What the law saysThe section 223 of CrPC categorizes the type of persons who have to be charged and tried together.It reads:a) persons accused of the same offence committed in the course of the same transactionb) persons accused of an offence and persons accused of abetment of or abetment to commit such offence;c) persons accused of more than one offence of the same kind, within the meaning of section 219,d) persons accused of an offence which includes theft, extortion, cheating or criminal misappropriation and persons accused of receiving or retaining or assisting in the disposal or concealment of property possession of which is alleged to have been transferred by any such offence committed by the first named person or of abetmenst or of attempting to commit such last name offence.According to Prashant Sathianathan, the former prosecutor in this case, the law broadly covers a case of NDCCB's type scam, making it mandatory to have all the accused present at the time of framing of charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15274472", "title": "Parineeti &amp; I are true Punjabis: Karan Tacker", "text": "Actor Karan Tacker, who is currently riding on the success of his show Ek Hazaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, had a ball when he hosted the red carpet event for IIFA this year in Singapore.\"I was pleasantly surprised to know that everyone knew about me and my show there. I also got an opportunity to host an event with the bubbly Parineeti Chopra .\" Tacker adds, \"She is simply superb, a very easy and down to earth person to interact with.\" The best part about Parineeti according to Karan is that she has a loud Punjabi touch to her. \"I could feel the Punjabi vibes in her and we immediately connected. During our event we also chatted a lot.\" Karan admits the chat session helped them understand one another better and the event also went on smoothly.Tacker also liked Parineeti in her last film Ishaqzaade . \"Only few actors can get away with so many gaalis and Parineeti has pulled it off quite bravely.\" Chopra and Tacker also went for an IIFA event where the two sat on a roller-coaster and Parineeti nick named Karan fattu, as he is very scared of roller-coaster rides. Karan also feels Parineeti is a gen next actor who always dares to experiment. Given a chance, he would love to work with her. \"Why not? She is an excellent artist who knows her craft so well. It will help me elevate myself as an artist.\"So what were the greatest memories of their rendezvous? \"Well the icing on the cake was when I bought her lunch. I was nervous because I was not aware of her choice but fortunately she liked my choice and that made my day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15289770", "title": "Whistleblower wins honesty acid test 19 yrs after false vigilance charges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nineteen years is a long time for anyone to prove his honesty. But Jagannath Mishra, a junior rank state government official, did not lose hope. And he was rewarded with an overwhelming sense of victory for his patience and perseverance when the special vigilance judge recently acquitted him of corruption charges, leveled against him by the vigilance department after he blew the whistle in an illegal land grab case.\"The prosecution has miserably failed to bring home the charges leveled against the accused beyond all reasonable doubt. I do not hold him guilty,\" the judge said. \"Since he (Mishra) is on bail, he will be discharged from the bail bond,\" the judge ordered.The 38-page judgment corroborated the mounting public feeling against the vigilance department that it is functioning tendentiously more to please the vested interests in the government and the administration than tracking the corrupt really. \"My problem started after I submitted a report exposing the attempts by some people to illegally grab nearly 815 acres of government land in Sipasarubali area near Puri. I did not imagine then that my report would not be to the liking of many senior officials in the administration. The then collector summoned me and threatened me but I stood my ground. Official proceedings were then initiated against me. Before I could know why, the vigilance department raided my residence in Puri, paternal house at the nearby village, Bira Purusottampur, and my office. The search revealed my bank pass book had just Rs 402 and the total household articles were estimated worth only a few thousand rupees,\" recounted Mishra, a former assistant consolidation officer (ACO). \"Vigilance raids usually carry a negative stigma in the society. I come from a family where everybody hates to touch others' money. My mother upon hearing my plight suffered a brain stroke and was paralyzed. I decided to fight it out in the court,\" added Mishra, who retired in March last year, ending his service career almost ignominiously, being denied promotion even increments.The vigilance department submitted two chargesheets after calculating Mishra's known sources of income from October 30, 1973 to June 20, 1994, expenditure and probably savings during the period. According to the judgment, the vigilance department initiated action against Mishra after 'confidential inquiry' that he accumulated disproportionate assets.But the judgment reveals a different story that the vigilance department manipulated figures to justify the case. \"The investigating officer has submitted a second report wherein the previous income shown has been reduced and the value of the assets and amount of expenditure inflated,\" the judge said, adding no additional information had been collected or documents obtained to justify the second report. The judge also expressed surprise as to why the value of the household articles had been 'increased'.Dissatisfied with the claims made by the vigilance department, the court itself made the calculation based on evidence placed before it and valued Mishra's total assets worth Rs 4,72,324.76 as against his 'probable savings' of Rs 11,28,523.73, before acquitting him.But why did the vigilance department slap a false case against him? The investigating officer's confession in the court proves Mishra's point that he was victimized for refusing to oblige the vested interests in the government. The judgment quoted the investigative officer as 'clearly admitting' that he built the case against Mishra by reducing his income and inflating the value of assets and expenditure at the instance of his boss, the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-31"}
