{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11596171", "title": "How now, cow? Siddhi moos to stardom", "text": "JAIPUR: Though Salman Rushdie has undoubtedly been the most talked-about celeb at the 2012 Jaipur Literature Festival, a close second in the popularity charts is probably Siddhi, a charming three-year-old who seems to have an opinion on everything and isn't shy of voicing it.Siddhi's intelligent, well-timed interjections have had speakers and audiences alike in splits, catapulting her to star status. And she clearly has no respect for the holy cows of literature - probably because she's a (usually) benevolent bovine herself.It all began during David Remnick's conversation with Samanth Subramanian on \"The Disappointment of Obama.\" Subramanian had just finished asking Remnick whether Obama had been weighed down by unrealistic expectations, and there was a pregnant pause as Remnick gathered his thoughts. The silence was shattered by a long, plaintive \"baaa,\" prompting Remnick to quip, \"Well, the cow certainly thinks so!\"Siddhi had lots more to say, and she displayed an impressive vocabulary, ranging from long throaty lowing in answer to especially perplexing questions to short moos of approval to snorts that sounded suspiciously like \"udder nonsense\". She effectively turned what was supposed to be a dialogue into a three-way chat. Later, Remnick joked to TOI, \"I'm used to hecklers, but a cow has to be a first.\"Siddhi was in fine fettle again on Sunday, enthusiastically participating as Fatima Bhutto and Ayesha Jalal spoke \"On Pakistan\". At one stage, when Bhutto was asked whether she thought Imran Khan was a potential saviour of Pakistan , she actually kept quiet for a few seconds. However, when Siddhi had nothing to say, Bhutto said, \"Well, even the cow thinks the answer is obvious\" before launching a scathing attack on Imran.Alarmingly, Siddhi maintained a stony silence thereafter, prompting moderator Karan Thapar to promise a prize to any questioner from the audience who could get her to moo. Asked what the prize would be, he responded, \"A glass of milk\". Unfortunately, no one won.Had Siddhi's newfound stardom made her temperamental? TOI tracked her down to her home, a shed behind the \"Mughal Tent\", one of the enclosures where sessions are being held. Siddhi reserved comment on Pakistan's political situation or the 2012 US elections. However, it emerged that on January 17, she had given birth to a calf. Each time she is separated from her beloved baby, she voices her displeasure.\"She is normally a very well-behaved cow, and always gives more milk than any of the other cows. She is very attached to her calf, and doesn't like being taken away from it. We allow them to be together thrice a day, when it is feeding time. Nowadays she is not in the best of moods, and has been temperamental because of her calf constantly being taken away,\" explained 21-year-old caretaker Vardhan.So Siddhi's bellows, it turns out, were actually plaintive protests - making her the latest in a long list of participants who have expressed their angst during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11596941", "title": "Governor stuns govt, says Lokayukta within 7-10 days", "text": "BANGALORE: The governor and the Karnataka government on Sunday opened a new flank in their confrontation over the appointment of Lokayukta. H R Bhardwaj stunned the DV Sadananda regime, saying a new Lokayukta would be appointed within ten days, a statement that left the government groping for clues.After administering oath to second Upa Lokayukta Justice Chandrashekaraiah here, Bhardwaj said, \"Things have started moving in the right direction. The Karnataka government seems to have made up its mind to suggest another name after I did not consider the name of retired judge SR Bannurmath on certain grounds. Hopefully, the matter will be resolved in 7-10 days.\" He added: \"If the government proposed a new name after due consultations within next one week or so, I'm ready to clear the proposal in half an hour.''This surprised the government. \"We don't know how the governor made such a statement. We are not contemplating making any fresh proposal; the governor, too, didn't make any such request. We still stand by our earlier recommendation of appointing Justice Bannurmath as Lokayukta,'' said a senior minister, making the statement after consulting CM DV Sadananda Gowda.Bhardwaj sprang another surprise, saying he was not considering Bannurmath's name not because he owned a site in Judicial Layout, but for an \"entirely different reason''. He said he cannot make it public to protect his dignity.The BJP government recommended Justice Bannurmath for the post on October 27 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of retired Supreme Court judge Justice Shivaraj Patil over a land allotment controversy, and repeatedly sought to push its case. Bhardwaj has refused to accept Justice Bannurmath's name citing reports in a section of the press about a similar charge. \"The (allotment of) site is not the issue at all and it is out of the question now,\" he added.CM absent as Upa Lokayukta takes overChief Minister DV Sadananda Gowda was conspicuous by his absence when retired high court judge Chandrashekaraiah took over as the second Upa Lokayukta at Raj Bhavan on Sunday. Though officials maintained that he was busy with other programmes, sources said Gowda gave the programme a miss in the light of media reports over the controversy surrounding the appointment of the second Upa Lokayukta.The 70-year-old Chandrashekaraiah, who had also served as the president of Karnataka State Consumer Redressal Commission, succeeds Justice R Gururajan, who resigned in October citing health reasons. Chandrashekaraiah served as judge of the Karnataka HC between 1995 and 2004 and as the Commission president between 2004 and 2009.Chandrashekaraiah's appointment is mired in controversy since he too is in the league of those retired judges who own multiple sites allegedly in violation of housing society bylaws. Sources said he was reportedly allotted a 4,000 square feet prime site in Judicial Layout in 1997, when he already owned a house in Banashankari II stage. Chandrashekaraiah however defended the charges quoting a SC ruling which upheld dismissal of a case challenging the owning of sites by the judges.In the CM's absence, law and parliamentary affairs minister Suresh Kumar and home minister R Ashoka attended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11602145", "title": "Bank staff held for cheating", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: City police on Sunday arrested an absconding employee of a leading public sector bank for allegedly withdrawing lakhs of rupees from several accounts through forgery. The accused, Gangadhar Jena, was a cashier at the State Bank of India's Utkal University branch.Police said Jena was booked for cheating and bank fraud in August last year, but he was absconding since then. Jena was produced in court on Sunday and later sent to judicial custody.Some varsity employees last year were shocked to find money to the tune of nearly Rs 5.3 lakh being withdrawn from their accounts without their knowledge. They approached the bank manager and subsequently lodged an FIR against the cashier at the Saheed Nagar police station. The bank authorities had assured the victims to return their money.\"The bank had conducted an inquiry and found Jena of siphoning money. The bank authorities had also lodged a complaint against him. He was suspended as well,\" a police officer said. \"Jena has confessed to his crime. But we are yet to recover the money from him,\" the cop added.In a similar development, some people at Parlakhemundi in Gajapati district on Sunday leveled allegations of illegal withdrawal of money from their accounts in a public sector bank. \"We suspect the involvement of bank staff in the fraud. Police should investigate into the matter and help us get our money back,\" a customer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11596206", "title": "Oprah Winfrey: India my life\u2019s greatest experience", "text": "JAIPUR: Oprah Winfrey's grandmother had a dream: she wanted her granddaughter to grow up to be a respectable maid. She would have fallen off her chair had she been at the Jaipur Literary Festival, where Oprah got a standing ovation as she walked in for a session. As crowds surged to enter the venue, with many of them stopped despite valid entry tickets, a poster sticking out told the story: \"I have waited for 10 years to get a minute of your time.\"\"I came to India with open mind and expanded heart,\" said Oprah. \"The sight of ox pulling heavy steel beams, a man riding a donkey, and another one on a motorbike using his cell phone,\" said the world's best known TV talk show host. \"India is a paradox. It has been my greatest life experience,\" she added. And even here, her compassionate side surfaced: she goes on to imagine the ox asking the man to put himself in his shoes, pulling the weight of the steel.Then, referring to her life experiences, she said, \"The fact I was born in segregated southern US in Mississippi in 1954 to a teenaged unmarried mother, during the time of apartheid, has influenced me into becoming what I am. Fortunately, I had never been put into a segregated school. But all my life I had to fight everyone. To be born a girl child is not safe,\" she said.\"But for me, education is the most important thing. I have been from village to village in Africa looking for girls like myself... and families desperate for education. I was raised by my grandmother in poverty. She did not live to see me become an educated woman,\" said Oprah.Oprah's visit to Vrindavan to meet widows moved her. \"I have spoken for years for women to own their voices. Just because your husbands have died, you cannot become second class citizens. This thing should be eradicated from earth,\" she said. And since Opera's first talk show focused on \"marrying the right person\", to the question, \"What's the marrying kind?\" she said, \"Ask the women in India. Had I gotten married, we would have been divorced by now and he would agree. I am my own woman. I don't conform well with other people's ideas. I have great respect for marriage and admiration for the way women marry.\" Then she said, \"Arranged marriage would be hard for me.\"And she made her political preference clear: \"Obama is a man... and not god. And only a man makes mistakes. The world forgot we were on the brink of a depression. I strongly feel he should remain in office for the next four years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11597822", "title": "Security, inflation key issues for women voters", "text": "LUDHIANA: With elections just round the corner, women voters are not shying away from making public their demands and the one that tops their list is security and check on inflation. Before casting their vote on January 30, these two issues would be well considered by women voters of city, as they are no longer dominated by the opinions of male counterparts.Many of them feel that security while moving on city roads is a matter of prime concern, therefore, they need representatives who can assure the same to them. Besides, rising prices of basic amenities, especially vegetables, is another serious issue for them.In district Ludhiana, there are total 10,65,127 voters in seven constituencies, out of which 4,94,092 are women voters, who have 46% of the total votes. Whereas earlier women used to cast vote according to the family opinion or their husbands', now they are becoming independent and have their own say on leaders.\"It is must for everybody to cast vote because our vote can bring about reforms in the system,\" said Shelley Sharma, a homemaker and resident of Dugri. She further said if people are not satisfied with the present government, they should choose another government. \"I would want to elect such a candidate who brings law for the security of women,\" she said.In spite of rising awareness, there are some women who believe it is useless to elect candidates because leaders cannot bring reforms in the society. \"Everybody is corrupt here and they cannot think of the welfare of residents. Their main motive is to fulfill their selfish means, so better not to choose anybody,\" said Nancy Jain, a student and resident of Civil Lines.Elections 2012 NewsPunjab Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595903", "title": "NRHM is receiving more than a dozen complaints daily", "text": "JAIPUR: The 104 service, a medical advice toll free number, has bridged the gap between patients and the medical department.The National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) is receiving more than a dozen complaints daily about the problems the patients are facing in the primary health centres and sub-centres. Also, the patients have started sending complaints regarding absence of doctors at the health centres in rural areas.The 104 service was launched a week ago to provide medical advice to patients, especially in the rural areas, where the medical services are not as effective as in the urban areas.Recently, a patient (drug addict) had filed a complaint with the department on phone saying drug addiction was on the rise in some areas of Sikar district, a source said, adding the department is keeping a note of all these complaints.It is a good beginning that many rural patients are coming forward to register complaints.Most complaints received are against doctors and medical staff in rural areas apart from Jhunjhunu, Pali, Jodhpur, Sikar and Jaipur.Another major complaint was regarding doctors who called patients to their houses for treatment.Nearly 60 doctors and paramedical staff are working round the clock to provide free advice on the number.The patients are also using the toll free number as a directory to seek information about specialist doctors and nearest government health centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596631", "title": "City golfer Angad India's No. 2 amateur", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City boy Angad Cheema won the 111th CNEB All India Amateur championship title after beating an experienced Gagan Verma 5 and 4 in a final 36-hole competition at Chandigarh Golf Club on Sunday. With the victory, Cheema also finished second on the Indian Golf Union's Order of merit list as it was the last event of the 2011 season. In the team championship, Bangalore's duo S Chikkarangappa and Khalin Joshi got the runner's-up prize while Cheema and Delhi's Honey Baisoya were declared winners. Cheema, who turns 22 on January 25, was followed by his father throughout the day.After taking the trophy, he said, \"It was an emotional win for me as my dad was watching my game for the first time on course.\" Both players, who finished second in World Inter Amateur Championship in Malaysia in 2011, started the day aggressively in the morning session as both of them were all square until 16th hole. Verma won 3rd, 4th, 5th, 8th, 12th, 14th holes. Cheema won 6th, 7th, 9th, 10th and 13th to become equal. In afternoon, Cheema became 1-up to claim the contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11594972", "title": "Five of gang of auto-lifters arrested", "text": "KANPUR: City police achieved major success by busting a notorious gang of vehicle-lifters and recovering 12 motorcycles. Five accused were arrested while the sixth managed to hoodwink the police and escape. Three of those arrested are sons of Class IV employees of the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.Anurag Kakkar, Titu alias Rajendra and Shyam Raj alias Chhotu are sons of IIT-K employees. Ganesh, Puran and Munna Lal\"After committing crime, they used to take shelter at the staff quarters allotted to their parents on IIT-K campus,\" informed Station House Officer, Bithoor, DK Bind.Their accomplices were identified as Ram Prakash and his two sons Akash Gautam and Ranjit of Tatyaganj in Chaubeypur. Ram Prakash and Akash Gautam have also been arrested and their interrogation is underway. All six were members of inter-state gang of auto-lifters. Ram Prakash's younger sibling, Uma Raman, is a village head of Maharajpur village. Ranjit is at large.SO, Bithoor said: \"Rajendra Pahari is basically a native of Nepal and we are trying to ascertain his connections with the auto-lifters of Nepal. Separate police teams have been constituted and dispatched to other possible hideouts of the accused for further information. Almost all the vehicles were being used with fake registration plates, three such motorcycles recovered from them were found to be bearing similar registration number plates. The vehicles were stolen from various parts of the city and bordering areas. The police have also recovered several fake registration certificates (RC) of stolen vehicles.\"Rajendra Pahari is the kingpin of a huge interstate gang of vehicle-lifters. DIG Rajesh Rai said following a number of complaints of vehicle thefts from different police stations, a special team was constituted comprising expert sleuths.\"The team came in touch with a milkman who had purchased a motorcycle from Rajendra Pahari, whose specific inputs helped in nabbing IIT-K employee's Puran's son Rajendra Pahari. During interrogation, he disclosed five more names -- Anurag Kakkar, Shyam Raj alias Chhotu, Ram Prakash and his two sons Akash Gautam and Ranjit,\" the DIG said.Meanwhile, SS Kashalkar, Registrar, IIT-K, said: \"We would investigate the matter and go through the credentials of the employees and their wards to substantiate the truth. Serious action would be initiated against those found involved in such activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11595409", "title": "IIM-I shortlists 3,000 candidates", "text": "The Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Indore has declared on Sunday a list of 3,167 shortlisted candidates to appear for written ability test/ personal interview (WAT/PI). Now, more than 3,000 candidates will vie for 452 seats in the next stage of selection process.The students of current batch will answer queries or dispel any doubts of the shortlisted candidates about the selection process and performance in WAT/PI. The students will guide them through I-Mentor programme.With a view to resolve the apprehensions, queries of shortlisted candidates about the selection process, its preparation and their performance in WAT/PI, the students of current batch at IIM-I will now mentor the shortlisted candidates through I-Mentor programme.Pulkit Pandey, a second year student of IIM-I said, \"The programme is being designed to help shortlisted candidates in facing the interview and ability test in a better way. Current batch of students will share their experience and offer tips to aspirants.\"The institute has prepared a direct web link http://iimindorementorship.tk where the interested candidates in mentorship can submit their educational and professional details. Later, a mentor with a similar profile of the aspirant will be allocated who will discuss problems and help the candidate in selection process.The mentorship programme will continue till next batch classes begin. \"Building on a foundation laid two years ago, we have formalized the programme for the candidates who have crossed the first hurdle of CAT,\" said Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11597478", "title": "Punjab polls: EC bans select words, caricatures of Capt in ads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has banned the use of words \"peo, puttar\" (son/father) in an incorrect manner besides caricaturing of Capt Amarinder Singh in advertisements appearing in the media. The EC is also probing a complaint against Congress candidate Suman KP for allegedly providing wrong information regarding her property.The EC shifted Harbans Singh Sidhu, district education officer, Bathinda, out of the district on the recommendation of the deputy commissioner. Three employees of the forest department, Balwinder Singh Bhatti, a forester, Randhir Singh Randhawa and Lakhwinder Singh, both forest rangers have also been shifted.The ECI has also said that there is no prohibition on appointing of NRIs as polling agents in the Punjab assembly elections. The matter was considered by the commission after a question was raised regarding the appointment of NRIs as polling agents during Assembly elections in Punjab. It was decided that the NRI appointed as a polling agent should be a voter in the area. TNNSo far, unaccounted cash worth Rs 28.3 crore has been referred to the IT department.Besides, 2300 kg poppy husk, 10259912 ml illicit liquor, 106796 bottles of country liquor, 10083 gms of opium and 6357 gms of heroine have also been seized from different places in the state so far.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11600389", "title": "Britain's top playwrights exchange new lines", "text": "JAIPUR: When two of Britain's top billed playwrights come together to talk shop, you know you have to get in on the act.It didn't matter that some of their audience had never read Arcadia or Via Dolorosa; it was enough to know that Tom Stoppard and David Hare were in Jaipur to exchange new lines, to bring the crowds to the British Council-sponsored session on the art of the playwright.\"I love writing plays and I'm endlessly interested by what theatre can and cannot do. It's a trite way of putting it, but why not...I am in love with the language I work in; I'm in love with the structures and possibilities of it. But for me theatre is an event and not a text,\" stated Stoppard, whose 'events' have summoned on stage such tricky subjects as quantum mechanics and chaos theory. Hare, on the other hand says he believed for some delusional reason, theatre to be the true state in which to dramatize to society the true state of which society to be. \"Having had no interest in the aesthetics of theatre at all, I suddenly found myself in the grip of suddenly trying to write plays that were not only effective, but also good, whatever that word may mean,\" he said.Both spoke about their on-and-off transitions to screen writing (Stoppard wrote the adapted screenplay for Shakespeare in Love; Hare, for The Hours), their thoughts on the process of playwriting, and their views of disgruntled audiences. \"I am more interested in the audience when I go to one of my plays. Like all playwrights, I always sit among people who hate my work. If there are 500 people who are happy with the play and one who is discontented, then he invariably has the ticket stub that is next to mine, and invariably at the end of the first act would loudly denounce the play in my presence. I've heard some absolutely wonderful comments. One of my favourites at the end of the first act was 'If this was television, I'd turn this off; and the one I love most is when a woman put her arm around her husband at the end of the play, and said, I'm sorry darling, that was my idea.'\" Stoppard's worst one was: \"Next time a musical, eh?\"On the question of writing for cinema, Stoppard said he enjoyed it, but considered it an interruption of his work for theatre, rather than a continuation of it. 'I'll write a screenplay only if I'm not writing something for stage at the time,\" he maintained. He went on to describe his attitude to scriptwriting and his belief of how the actors should perform his lines. \"When I started off, I believed that because the play, while I was writing it, was making a certain and very particular noise in my head, the rehearsal process should consist mainly of teaching actors how to make that noise, and it's not that difficult if you're a really bad director and you have susceptible actors, but the results would be disastrous. I later released that unless the actor arrived at making that particular noise through his own quite slow processes, then the result would be brittle.\"Talking about his own stage inventions, Hare referred to the habit of people expecting him to turn out more on certain social subjects if he'd worked on them before. \"Just because I'd written on the Chinese Revolution, and on the Israeli-Palestine conflict, people in northern Ireland were saying, 'Can you come and do us now?'. I am a prisoner of my subject as any other artist,\" Hare pleaded. And once he was done with a subject, he would never return to it, he said, recalling what Osron Welles said of the locations in which he had once shot - the buildings stand like blackened teeth from which he had sucked all the goodness. \"Exactly how I feel about the subjects I've written about,\" Hare joked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11596181", "title": "City cops fail to maintain online site", "text": "COIMBATORE: Hardly two months after Coimbatore police launched its Facebook page with much fanfare to facilitate communication with residents, the initiative that was supposed to create a platform for community policing, has died a slow death.The initiative, launched by the then police commissioner Amaresh Pujari, was abandoned when he was transferred to Chennai. All public queries since January 7 remain unanswered. Instead, some anti-social elements have posted links to porn sites on the page. Raju Mohan, a resident who frequents the page, says none of the queries have been answered. Nandakumar Ramachandran, another resident says that the department does not take this online facility seriously.\"Why is the commissioner missing from the page? Even his deputies do not respond to our questions. It is supposed to be an effective interactive forum to help resolve law and order problems,\" says Ravi Shankar, a regular contributor to the page and a retired faculty of CBM college in the city.During its initial days, residents posted on the page a record number of grievances on matters like corruption, traffic signals, unruly behaviour of police personnel, law and order problems and vital clues on various cases. In the first two weeks, over 2,254 persons aired their views on various aspects of policing through the forum. On most occasions the then commissioner himself responded with solutions, while his subordinates replied to queries in his absence. Over 8,000 persons have visited the page in the last two months.\"The social networking initiative was extremely useful. We were thrilled when the police responded to our grievances,'' said R Radhakrishnan, who runs an advertisement agency in the city. When asked about the Facebook page, new police commissioner T P Sundaramurthy said steps would be taken soon to revive the page. When asked about the porn links, he said they may be virus attacks and system engineers would soon be directed to clear such errors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596847", "title": "Won\u2019t pay additional amount: Residents", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of housing societies on private forest land have refused to pay the additional amount demanded by the state revenue and forest department.TOI had earlier reported that the state had reclassified the private forest land from barren to dense forest owing to the adjoining Sanjay Gandhi National Park. It, therefore, increased the net present value to be paid as penalty by the residents from Rs 6 per sq ft to Rs 9 per sq ft. Residents were recently informed about the 50% hike. The penalty is being charged to regularize their homes.Prakash Paddikal, president, Hillside Residents Welfare Association ( HIRWA) said the demand was unjustified. The residents, he said, would await the final verdict of the court before making any further payment. \"The amount to be paid as penalty was finalized by a committee set up by the Supreme Court. The state cannot unilaterally raise the amount now,\" said Paddikal.Several builders have challenged the decision to term the land on which development has been allowed as forest land. In February last year, a two member bench of Justice Aftab Alam and Justice R M Lodha referred the case to a three member bench. It is yet to be constituted.Meanwhile government sources said the land adjoining the Sanjay Gandhi National Park in the eastern suburbs on which the housing societies stand was degraded forest. \"The area had only gliricidia, a legume plant that grows in areas where the soil has eroded. It is planted for afforestation.So the land cannot be defined as dense forest. In the western suburbs there were only stone quarries which cannot be defined as forest,'' said sources. The classification was submitted to the committee nearly three years ago and at that time the state had not raised any objection, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11602298", "title": "Sambalpur cops unable to arrest rapist of Dalit girl", "text": "SAMBALPUR: In a gang rape incident in Bamra police station area of Sambalpur district, police is yet to arrest one of the four accused persons even after a year. The incident had taken place in the railway station and a case was registered by the GRP. Saying the accused was \"absconding\", police did not even bother to charge-sheet him.\"We are trying to nab the accused but since he remains absconding, we are unable to place charge-sheet against the culprit. However efforts are on to nab the accused,\" a senior cop of the Jharsuguda railway police said.Sources said the victim, a minor Dalit girl from Reamal (Deogarh), had gone to Bamra railway station with her family to board a train to Chakradharpur on January 20, 2011. But incidentally all night trains along the route were cancelled that day due to some security reason. The girl and her family stayed at the waiting room to catch the morning train. In the night, however, four men barged into the waiting room in an inebriated condition and commanded the family to get out as they were unable to produce train tickets. They forcefully took away the girl to a neighbouring abandoned railway quarter, where they raped her one after the other. They left the place after the incident.The matter came to public notice after a local women's organization lodged a complaint with the Jharsuguda GRP the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596416", "title": "Safeguards sought in mega realty deals", "text": "MUMBAI: The prolonged bad phase in the property market, coupled with financial instability, has prompted sellers of high-value properties to demand a range of safeguards.Sellers like Hindustan Unilever , Standard Chartered , even the US consulate, have insisted that prospective buyers furnish bank guarantees, balance sheets, past track records of making payments, and, all importantly, details of how they intend to raise the funds. The US consulate has been so selective, in fact, that it reportedly refused to share the information memorandum on Washington House and Lincoln House with four developers on account of their balance sheets.Pranay Vakil, chairman of global property consultant Knight Frank , is not surprised by the conditions. \"Unlike earlier, sellers are not talking of deferred payments. Nor are they talking of taking Earnest Money Deposit since the seller would be dissuaded from putting the property for sale if for some reason, the buyer is unable to pay the bid amount in a stipulated period. In such strained markets, the seller, therefore, wants to see 100% money on the table,\" said Vakil.The caution is perhaps not misplaced given the financial strain many developers are under. A builder last year sold about 40,000 sq ft of office space to a property fund at a lower rate even though it has to pay a big sum as interest to a bank. Another listed developer is negotiating to sell roughly 20 lakh sq ft FSI in a redevelopment scheme. And a leading south Mumbai developer has to pay dues worth over Rs 1,000 crore to a foreign bank from which it had borrowed loans.In the recent past, experts believe, several transactions have fallen through or got delayed because of the buyers' ostensible incapability to make payments on time. In one instance, a developer paid the bid amount to the miffed owner of a textile mill in Prabhadevi almost a year after the joint venture agreement had been signed.Citibank, meanwhile, is taking time before sealing the purchase of 3 lakh sq ft in FIFC tower at BKC because, it is claimed, the bank wants to keep a watch on its cash flow.Experts say lack of available cash might have stopped some leading developers from participating in high profile land auctions, but it does not mean they do not have the abilities to raise funds. \"These developers have shown their ability to deliver and not just to investors. It's just that at times like these, sellers have questions about whom to trust and whom not to. Non-developers, with their ready cash, therefore offer a safe bet,\" a consultant said.Vijay Wadhwa, chairman of Wadhwa Developers, says the current market is more suited for users who want properties for personal or official use. \"We are bullish but equally realistic of the property market. We didn't quote exorbitant rates in auctions since that would make the project unviable,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596552", "title": "Sans facility, Russian forced to stay at FRO", "text": "PANAJI: The absence of a detention centre for foreigners served deportation orders, forced authorities to keep Russian national Andreeva Alina, 30, in the foreigner's registration office (FRO) for two nights, after she had spent a night in prison.A lady police constable was posted at the FRO all the time Alina was there. The Russian was put on a flight to Moscow on Sunday morning.\"She stayed at the FRO office for two nights after her release from prison on Friday as we didn't have any other place to keep her. We kept her in the office till early Sunday as we had to complete the formalities and arrange for her ticket to Russia,\" a senior police officer said.Alina was arrested on Thursday by Vasco police at Dabolim airport's immigration check post while attempting to board a flight to Russia. Alina had been staying in India without a valid visa. Police said Alina had arrived in Goa on December 25, along with a friend.From P1On arrival at Dabolim airport, they were granted visa on arrival, also known as group landing permit, valid for 10 days. Though she had a return ticket for the first week of January, she didn't return to Russia as her friend went missing and is yet to be traced.Vasco police filed a chargesheet in the court of the judicial magistrate first class, Vasco where Alina pleaded guilty and was convicted for overstaying. She was sentenced to pay a fine of Rs 5000 and imprisonment till rising of the court. In default, she had to undergo simple imprisonment for a month. \"Accused to be handed over to FRO for deportation,\" the order stated.On Friday, Alina paid the fine and was released from prison and taken to the FRO.\"Detention facilities in the FRO for foreigners before deportation would be most welcome. To the best of my knowledge the FRO does not have the space and the facilities to accommodate foreigners until compliance of deportation orders,\" Russian consulate counsel Vikram Varma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11597444", "title": "CCL: Can Strikers succeed where Tuskers failed?", "text": "KOCHI: Come Sunday and the Celebrity Cricket League (CCL) will reach Kochi shores. Cheered on by thousands of fans, Lalettan's Kerala Strikers will be all pumped up as they take on Mumbai Heroes at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.\"Our practice session went well and we look forward to a good game of cricket. On Friday we will watch the previous matches played by Chennai Rhinos to know their game. Then, we will formulate tactics to be adopted for Saturday's match,'' said Kerala Strikers' coach Pankaj Chandrasenan. All team members passed the fitness and medical test.On Friday, the team will fly to Chennai. The final eleven will only be decided before the match after assessing the conditions and things will move according to plan said the coach. Vice-captain Indrajith S will not play the first match, but will participate in the second. All-rounder Unni Mukundan is expected to play both CCL matches. Kerala Strikers announced a 17-member squad on Tuesday, actors Prithviraj and Asif Ali do not feature in the team.CCL organizers said that they won't charge any entre fee for the matches. All one has to do is to carry an identity proof to gain entry. But you can't skip the charity part since each spectators is expected to donate at least Rs 10. Charity boxes have been installed inside the stadium for this purpose.Fans are thrilled and yearn to know whether their superstars will strike down their rivals . For them hope stems from the words of Mohanlal. At Thursday's press conference the team captain said, \"We have a surprise for you on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11597113", "title": "Assembly elections: Anna Hazare tries to put parties on the mat over Lokpal", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to project a non-partisan face, Anna Hazare and his team on Sunday shot off a series of letters to leaders , including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Rahul Gandhi and BJP president Nitin Gadkari, trying to put them on the mat on the Lokpal issue ahead of assembly polls in five states.UP chief minister Mayawati and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav were the other recipients of letters signed by Hazare and his team members Shanti Bhushan, Prashant Bhushan, Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi.While in the letter to Singh, signed only by Hazare, the Prime Minister is asked to show some courage to withdraw the \"weak\" Lokpal Bill and bring a stronger one, the one to Gandhi asked the Congress leader whether his party will dare bring a law on the lines of \"strong\" Lokayukta law in Uttarakhand.Gadkari was questioned as to why his party did not insist on Nitish Kumar government in Bihar in which it is a partner bringing a strong Lokayukta law like the one passed by BJP government in Uttarakhand . He was also asked why BJP changed tracks on bringing Lokayuktas through Lokpal bill.Team Anna also found fault with BSP chief Mayawati for not opposing the bill in the Standing Committee and staging a walkout in Lok Sabha which, they alleged , helped the UPA government pass it in the Lower House. Yadav, on the other hand, \"strongly\" opposed the bill in the Standing Committee but walked out in Lok Sabha, the Team Anna letter to him said while asking him to clear whether he would go with Congress or BJP after the UP elections.Letter Of IntentTo PM: Show some courage. Bring Lokpal to fight corruption To Gadkari: Why did BJP not pressure Nitish on Lokayukta law in Bihar? To Rahul Gandhi: Will Congress dare to bring a law on the lines of Uttarakhand's Lokayukta law? To Mayawati: Why walk out in Lok Sabha when you didn't oppose bill in Standing Committee? To Mulayam Singh: Will you go with Congress or BJP after the UP elections?Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11602248", "title": "Cuttack drive to check tainted food", "text": "CUTTACK: The district administration has launched a drive to check food adulteration in the city. Around four teams, comprising food inspectors, civil supplies and health officials, have been formed to conduct raids at various places in the city.The team started the drive from Saturday and conducted raids at Malgodown, the biggest wholesale market in the state. The raid continued on Sunday and samples of pulses, flour, spices and edible oil were collected from various godowns and have been sent for chemical examination.\"In the first phase, raids are being conducted at Malgodown. We have collected samples of pulses and edible oils from various traders and have sent it to the laboratory for testing. If any kind of adulteration is found in the products, then stringent action will be taken against the traders,\" said J P Das, sub collector of Cuttack.The raids will also be conducted on roadside eateries and retail outlets. \"The raids will continue for over a month. Initially, we are targeting the wholesale traders but later on the raid will be extended to the retail shops and road side eateries,\" Das added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596162", "title": "'Meet school infrastructure needs by March '13'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa will have to saturate its school infrastructure requirements by March 2013, as per the Union human resource development ministry's instructions to states. The instructions have come to states so they plan interventions from the perspective of the provisions of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009.\"The schedule to the RTE Act makes it mandatory for schools to comply with the norms and standards prescribed. States need to ensure that they saturate their infrastructure requirements by March 2013 and construction of new school buildings will continue to receive the highest priority,\" official sources said.The RTE Act calls for infrastructure in schools like an all-weather building with at least one classroom for every teacher and an office for the head teacher. A separate toilet for girls and boys, a playground and a library for every school with sufficient reading material are among some of the basic requirements that have been recommended under the Act.\"States will have to ensure that each new school has a composite building, designed in a manner that available physical spaces serve as an aid to learning. States will need to ensure that appropriate barrier free features, keeping in view the different requirements children with special needs, are incorporated in all new building designs, so that they are able to enter the school building and negotiate their way easily,\" sources said.The school buildings will also have to provide safety features in the structural design. Augmentation of the existing school infrastructure through the construction of additional classrooms, drinking water facilities and ramps with handrails in the existing schools should also be attended to on a priority basis, as per the central government instructions to states. States have been asked to prepare a measured school campus map for all schools and to keep in mind that toilet facilities meet the norms of adequacy and are accessible by children with special needs.States will have to ensure that the surplus rooms in the schools are used as headmaster's room and the state plan must say it in categorical terms that the requirement of the headmaster's room has been worked out after taking the existing surplus rooms into account. For the development of playground in the schools, the states must utilize the resources available under schemes like MNREGA, MPLADS etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11597302", "title": "Rajesh Gundurao may quit as JD(S) youth wing V-P", "text": "BANGALORE: Rajesh Gundurao has planned to resign as vicepresident of JD(S) Bangalore city youth wing after the party named former chief minister S Bangarappa's son Madhu as president of the wing. Rajesh said the party bosses have let him down because he was promised the post.Rajesh is hurt that Kumaraswamy had denied giving any such assurance.''My credibility has been questioned. My well-wishers want to know who is speaking the truth. I will resign from the vice-president's post by this week,'' Rajesh said.Reacting to the allegation, Kumaraswamy said it was the party's unanimous decision to appoint Madhu Bangarappa as vice-president of the party's youth wing.''Rajesh will be suitably accommodated in the party in a different capacity,'' Kumaraswamy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596803", "title": "Land paucity has power firms worried", "text": "MUMBAI: Space-starved Mumbai may jeopardize its growth story as power distribution companies struggle to find land to set up transmission towers. Moreover, high land cost is proving a deterrent to acquisition.V P Raja, chairman of the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission ( MERC), said the fragile nature of the city's transmission system could cause problems in future, if not addressed .At a meeting of the MERC's standing advisory committee recently, Raja directed the energy secretary, Vidyadhar Kanade, to resolve land issues so that the transmission towers could be constructed at the earliest. The tripping of the power grid on two occasions in November 2010 is being cited as a warning signal of the crisis looming over the city. Transmission of electricity is done as per N-1 planning.N-1 planning is a defence against one tripping whereby if one circuit trips there should be no disruption.In Mumbai, the transmission lines already function at 90% capacity. So if one line trips there is a cascading effect resulting in grid failure.\"The policy changes with regard to use of additional floor space index, amendment of the coastal regulation zone rules, likelihood of salt pan land being used for housing will lead to more construction,\" Raja said.\"It will push up the power requirement in the city from 3,200 megawatt (MW) in peak months (April, May and October) currently to 5,400 MW in the next 3 to 4 years. It is then that the effect of these policies will be felt. The boom in mall construction resulted in a huge rise in electricity demand. Hence, there is need to upgrade the system,\" he added.Power utility companies informed the committee that land acquisition for the transmission towers was a major problem.In its presentation to the committee, Reliance Infrastructure Limited (RIL) officials said the perceived effects on adjacent properties had increased the acquisition cost. Mangroves, traffic, concreting of roads and inter-utility conflicts for corridors were other serious issues, RIL officials added.Kanade said his task was to ensure co-ordination between various government departments and power utility companies so that a solution is found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11602276", "title": "Pollution panel allows RSP units to resume operations", "text": "ROURKELA: Four days after shutdown of two units at Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP), Odisha's State Pollution Control Board (SPCB) has granted permission to operate them following anti-pollution measures by the company and submission of a time-bound action plan.The SPCB had served a closure notice to RSP to stop production in Sinter Plant I and MP Boilor III of the Captive Power Plant I. In compliance with the directive of SPCB, they had shut down the two units on January 16.RSP sources said based on a comprehensive time-bound action plan presented by it before the board last week, and the action already taken for pollution control at the two units, they have been granted permission to operate them. A delegation of RSP, led by its CEO G S Prasad had assured the SPCB that concrete steps were being taken to rectify certain lacunae.In a statement the company affirmed its commitment towards fulfilling the action plan. \"Technological interventions have been undertaken at CPP-I and SP-I and have already started giving results pertaining to emission control. Further action plan will also be adhered to in a time bound manner,\" an RSP press release said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11602139", "title": "Properties of Balasore rape accused to be attached, says DIG", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police will approach a local court soon to attach properties of the four persons allegedly involved in the gang rape of a 22-year-old girl from Khaira police station area of Balasore district.\"We are going to attach the properties because the accused are evading arrest,\" said Sanjay Kumar , DIG (eastern range) on Sunday, a day after the girl approached the Orissa Human Rights Commission ( OHRC) alleging police inaction into her gang rape complaint.Police also sought the help of the Crime Branch to nab the culprits since there was credible information that they might have slipped out of the state, the DIG said. Police had earlier got non-bailable arrest warrants issued against the accused by a court.Police also announced cash reward of Rs 5,000 to Rs 25,000 to those providing information regarding the absconders. The exact amount will depend on the accuracy of information, the DIG said.Kumar said police constituted another squad to continue to raid suspected hideouts of the accused. A secret squad continues the manhunt to arrest the accused, he added.Stern warnings were issued to relatives of the accused that harbouring them will invite legal action.\"We were close to arresting the accused on at least two occasions but they managed to flee. I hope they will be arrested soon,\" Kumar said.The girl said Laxmidhar Nayak alias Lucky, a senior student in her college, and his associate Pradip Jena, raped her on September 25, while two others, Ramesh Sahoo and Kalia Jena, helped them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11594574", "title": "Pedestrian death traps: TOI jolts govt into action", "text": "NEW DELHI: After TOI carried a series of stories on the vulnerability of pedestrians in Delhi, the lieutenant governor has ordered all road-owning agencies and the traffic police to install pedestrian facilities on all stretches, especially on the roads that have recorded maximum pedestrian deaths in 2011.The instructions were given in a meeting with road-owning agencies and traffic police. Facilities like pedestrian crossovers, unbroken footpaths and proper road signage should be installed, and speed-calming measures be introduced, he said.TOI's recent reports on vulnerable stretches like NH-1 were also discussed, while highlighting the measures required urgently, said officials.The director of UTTIPEC, Ashok Bhattacharjee, said, \"It was clarified that speed-calming measures and pedestrian facilities are needed at intersections and crossovers. Proper crossing points need to be identified along entire stretches, instead of having a crossing at a single point.\" NHAI has been asked to give a proposal for implementing proper facilities along NH-1 which has been identified as the deadliest stretch of 2011. TOI had reported how NH-1 has emerged as a death trap with a 60% jump in fatal accidents-more than half of them involving pedestrians.\"We made a presentation taking into account the fatal accidents in 2011, with focus on pedestrian deaths. It was decided that the agencies and traffic police must work in tandem to make roads pedestrian-friendly,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.It was decided that work on foot overbridges, underpasses, footpaths, pedestrian signals and grade-level crossovers should be expedited and street design guidelines be strictly implemented.\"Stretches which are most vulnerable must be given priority and resources should be channelled into areas needing urgent attention. It was also decided that measures should be taken to check jaywalking. Since iron railings on central verges are usually broken or stolen, a narrow concrete median will replace them,\" said an official.TOI had highlighted the lack of pedestrian facilities in Delhi. Despite proper street guidelines for Delhi since 2009, they exist only on paper, with little or faulty implementation. Last year, 946 pedestrians died in road accidents, which is more than 46% of the total road accident victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596164", "title": "Give fire service teeth: HC panel", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of buildings in the city violate fire safety norms as the fire and emergency services department lacks the power to enforce the rules. Experts of a Madras high court-appointed monitoring committee have now suggested that draft amendments be made to the rules to allow the fire safety department to initiate direct action against violators.Currently the department can only submit reports on violations to Corporation of Chennai or Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority. Action is almost never taken on reports by the fire department, allowing various establishments to flout the rules with impunity.A senior Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) official said the existing rules were not enough to take action against violators of fire safety norms. \"Many buildings in the city have been built in violation of fire safety norms. But the fire safety department has no enforcement powers to take action against them. It cannot suspend licenses or levy penalties,\" he said. \"There is no authority to penalize violators.\"\"The rules have to be changed as all departments involved in the process of regulation and monitoring should have the enforcement power,\" he added.A note prepared by the high court appointed monitoring committee suggested that the fire and rescue services department \"may draft amendments on levying penalties on fire safety to make them more effective\".The panel has also asked the fire safety department to \"conduct a survey on fire safety measures available in the buildings covered in the Kodambakkam Survey Report\".Fire and rescue services director Bhola Nath said the department is never directly involved in enforcement. \"We issue licences and no objection certificates (NOC). Standardised building construction rules are currently followed in the process of issuing licences. Though we do not have provisions to suspend a licence or charge penalties, the annual renewal process for fire safety licences gives the system some powers. Renewals will not be processed if we find violations during annual inspections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596784", "title": "CMAT: Only 70k sign up in first year", "text": "MUMBAI: Merely 70,000 aspirants across the country have registered for the first edition of the national level Common Management Admission Test (CMAT).The entrance test, for admission to 3,500-odd MBA colleges in the country, will be conducted online by the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) over a period of eight days starting February 20.\"By the time the dates for the CMAT were announced, most of the states had already announced the schedule of their entrance examinations. It also took time to approach the states. Also it's the first year of implementation. From next year, the registration will increase,\" said AICTE chairman S S Mantha.The idea of a common admission test for admissions to B-schools, barring Indian Institutes of Management, was mooted last year. The announcement was made in December. \"The idea is to have fewer entrance tests for students to reduce stress. All AICTE-approved institutions will have to accept CMAT scores,\" added Mantha.The three-hour entrance test will be conducted at 61 centres across the country over nine days in two shifts. The 100-mark test will be divided in four different components of 25 marks each, wherein one mark will be deducted for each incorrect answer. However, even as CMAT aims to promote a single entrance test, several other bodies plan to continue with their tests.The Association of Indian Management Schools (AIMS) that conducts a test for management admissions at the national level plans may soon offer the exam every alternate month for the benefit of students. Apoorva Palkar, chairperson of the AIMS Test for Management Admissions, said, \"We have almost 9,000 to 10,000 candidates appearing for the tests that we conduct. We hold four tests-one paper-pencil and three e-tests that were started on an experimental basis last year.\" She added that CMAT scores also will be accepted by the association's institutes in addition to other scores.The state government has already scrapped the state CET for admissions to B-schools from the next academic year. An official from the Directorate of Technical Education said, \"From next year, admissions in the state will be completely based on the CMAT scores. This is the last year for the state CET.\"However, the state is yet to decide on the details of the admission process. Last year, around 96,000 candidates from the state appeared for the MBA /MMS CET from the state. Several other states have decided to accept CMAT from the next academic year, including Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599322", "title": "Kamal Haasan's verdict on Nanban", "text": "So, the Ulaganayagan is back from the United States and has already begun catching up with all that he missed.Ilayathalapathy Vijay organized a special show of Nanban for Kamal Haasan in a preview theatre in the city. And it is said that Kamal seemed to have enjoyed every bit of the movie that he saw and lauded the team's effort in making such a good entertainer. A source tells us that Kamal even congratulated the team for retaining the essence of a film like 3 Idiots and yet managing to bring in the local connect with the Kollywood audience. With such compliments from the Ulaganayagan, the team must definitely be delighted!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596092", "title": "When CP office turns a battleground", "text": "NAGPUR: There aren't any boards outside the police commissioner's office at Civil Lines cautioning against creating a ruckus, but it surely seems time such a board is put up. Going by the trend over the last few months, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay will surely agree to this suggestion wholeheartedly.At least six civilians have been booked for excesses at the CP office, whether during sting operation or protests in the last few months. In all cases Dhanvijay's message has been loud and clear, noble may be the cause but nonsense would not be tolerated.The Sadar cops too confirmed that nowadays their police vans have been making more trips to the CP office than any time before. The latest call to the Sadar police station was to take away two leaders leading an agitation by employees of Vansh Nimay, which operates the Starbus service in the city.The leaders had come to meet Dhanvijay to voice their protest against the aggressive management of Vansh Nimay, and their so-called oppression that compelled them to take the fight to the streets. The Vansh Nimay management too had come to meet the CP. The situation became tense and the management and union leaders got into a heated argument, close to fisticuffs, outside Dhanvijay's chamber. Both parties also issued subtle but sure threats to each other in the presence of the media.Dhanvijay had already been livid with the leaders of the Starbus employees for the violence and damage to buses last week. The top cop had already issued instructions to police stations not to spare any leaders for their behind-the-scene instigations.The moment CP learnt about the leaders present in his office, by spotting their visiting cards on his table, he reminded his officials about his earlier instructions. The leaders vanished in the later part of the day. Late evening, a press communication from the police indicated that the leaders had been taken away by Sadar police and later arrested by Gittikhadan police for allegedly setting afire a Starbus the earlier night.Some months ago, a television scribe was booked by Sadar police station for allegedly venturing into the high court and CP office with a firearm. He wanted this sting operation to expose security lapses at sensitive locations.Stung by the sting operation, Dhanvijay had issued an order to check belongings of visitors without fail and surveillance was beefed up. Two more scribes faced this strict checking after a firearm was found in one of their bag while waiting at the reception. Again, both scribes had to go to Sadar police station and only got relief after a long wait, and convincingly proving their innocence.Last but not the least, the distressed wife of a constable too had to face the music for creating a ruckus when she gave a mouthful to a senior officer at the CP office over poor condition of her family quarters. The woman's heroic tirade too ended when she landed at Sadar police station. Cops were, however, considerate with her and let her off easily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11595339", "title": "Not in the race for CM post, says Balakrishna", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Balakrishna's theatrics including twirling his moustache and stroking his thigh at recent public meetings apart, Telugu Desam Party ranks and common man on the street were buzzing about the actor's quest for power that he is all set to unseat his brother-in-law Chandrababu Naidu and take over the party reins.Putting to rest all such speculations here on Sunday, Balakrishna said he was not in the race for the chief minister's post if TDP comes to power in the 2014 elections. He, however, said he is hopeful of TDP coming back to power.He said he is ready to contest from any constituency in the state if the party high command asks him to do so. \"I am ready to take on Chiranjeevi in the coming elections if the party orders me to fight with the former PRP president,\" he said.The scion of party founder NTR, Balakrishna, who was on a two-day tour to the coastal districts said he hope that people would continue to extend co-operation to him and blessings in politics also.Addressing crowds after unveiling his father's statue at Paderu in Visakha Agency, he said the founder of welfare schemes in the state was his late father. The actor tried to strike a chord with the tribals by rattling out some of the dialogues from his successful film 'Simha' much to the delight of the motley crowd.He even had lunch with his fans and TDP leaders in the coffee plantation near Paderu before leaving for G Madugula and Vizag where he later unveiled his father's statues.While the Telugu Desam Party cadre was ecstatic and shook hands with Balakrishna, some party leaders and workers however were disgruntled. \"His speech is not up to the mark at all. He has to improve a lot to attract the audience. He should concentrate on improvising his speech. If he were to create a wave like his father, then he has a long way to go,\" K Dora, a fan of the star, averred.I am ready to take on Chiranjeevi in the coming elections if the party orders me to contest against the Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596140", "title": "Spread awareness to curb flow of cash, alcohol: SEC", "text": "NAGPUR: The state election commission (SEC) seems to be taking serious note of the flow of cash and alcohol to woo voters. Municipal corporations, including the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have been directed to spread awareness among voters to curb the illegal practice.Through a notification sent on January 27, SEC secretary DM Kaned that the National Voters' Day is to be celebrated on January 25. \"Various programmes are being organized in all districts to spread awareness among the new voters. As the Voters' Day is before the elections, municipal corporations should make the most of the awareness campaign,\" he said.\"CDs released by the SEC to spread awareness among voters should be shown on local cable networks or other sources. Banners and posters should be displayed in all parts of the city,\" said Kaned.The SEC notification states that there are many complaints related to pressure and influence on voters in different ways.\"A strong message should be sent to voters for the smooth and successful conduct of the elections. Information related to the programmes to be undertaken during the week should be sent to the SEC. Besides, video recording of programmes should be done and sent to the SEC,\" stated the notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595828", "title": "Writers should be ready for 'counter point': Prasoon", "text": "JAIPUR: Lyricist, poet and screenplay writer Prasoon Joshi opined that there is always a counter point to whatever is being said through creative work, which will ultimately improve the work.Supporting the government of Rajasthan and its police who cited law and order problem over the arrival of writer Salman Rushdie in Jaipur, Prasoon, in an interview to TOI on Sunday said: \"In the name of protecting the 'freedom of expression', writers should not cross the limits.\"\"If whatever one person has said in his writing, painting, art or any other mode of communication hurts the sentiments of others, in a democratic country like India, we should welcome what is the take of others on that,\" he added.\"If the government believes and stop certain work of writing, poetry or painting to avoid any law and order issue, people start crying it as an attack on 'freedom of expression'. At the same time if any law and order problem occurs, the same people will say the government failed in dealing with the situation ,\" he said while sharing his take on Salman Rushdie skipping the Jaipur literature festival controversy.\"There was no point in criticising a group of Muslims by terming them illiterates for whatever stand they have taken in Salman Rushdie's case,\" Prasoon said.As a writer he will never support any whip against freedom of expression but at the same time writers should also ensure that they abide by the law, he said.\"If your wall in your house is stopping my sunlight, you should also be ready to take my view on it and make adjustments. As a writer, if anything said by me hurts the sentiments, rather than just crying that my freedom of expression is under attack, I should also take the perspective of other person,\" he said.Though many authors raised their concern over the cancellation of Salman Rushdie's trip to Jaipur literature festival, Prasoon took a balanced stand.\"Had it been a country of dictators what would have happened to freedom of expression. I believe in a democratic country where we publicly criticise politicians, the freedom of expression is being safeguarded well by our laws,\" Prasoon said.Prasoon has completed the scripting of a film based on the life of Milkha Singh. \"It is an intense story of a boy who sees massacre of 10 members of his family and despite all the adversities and pains in the life, comes out with flying colours and becomes a noted sprinter of the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "11595128", "title": "Soon, e-SLA to cover mutation", "text": "NEW DELHI : The Municipal Corporation of Delhi will now add mutation to the e-Service Level Agreement (e-SLA).Six citizen-centric services - issuance of birth &amp; death certificates, health trade licence, park booking, community hall booking, general trade licence and factory licence - were brought under e-SLA in September.It empowers the applicant to monitor the status of his plea by logging on to the MCD website and entering the transaction ID number of the application. Mutation, recording of a transfer of title of a property from one person to another in the revenue records, will be added in February.\"The work flow has been finalized and data is getting uploaded on the site. Our officials are undergoing training to get used to the new service. Tech Mahindra will maintain the data. The applicant will have to upload the nomination certificate/succession certificate in case of heritance deed or transfer deed on MCD's official website,\" said an MCD official.Mayor Rajni Abbi said officials will be penalized if they don't process the plea within a month. \"A citizen will get a compensatory cost for delay at the rate of Rs 10 per day, subject to a maximum of Rs 200.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596088", "title": "TNEB asks Anna University to study unmetered power connections", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) has asked Anna University to conduct a pilot study of unmetered connections in farms and slums in an effort to reduce transmission and distribution losses.TNEB officials said there are approximately 13 lakh hut connections and 19.8 lakh agricultural connections, which get free power supply. The study will help TNEB understand the consumption pattern of agriculture and hut consumers and keep tabs on distribution losses.The university has started the study and is expected to complete it within a year. Four members of the electrical engineering department are involved in the study.The agriculture sector consumes 14,000 million units of the 70,000 million units distributed by the board. \"This is just a rough calculation. We supply free power to hut dwellers and farmers, but we cannot meter the use due to political compulsions,\" said a senior TNEB official.As metering of connections is essential to understand supply and consumption, TNEB commissioned the study. \"It will be a scientific study. TNEB has provided us all the details. Now we are analyzing them to find out of consumption pattern. If necessary we will make field visits,\" said a faculty at the university's electrical department.The study was undertaken as TNEB got reports about agricultural connections being misused. \"Some farmers allow water dealers to use their connections to run pumps and draw water from wells. This is common in the western region of Tamil Nadu, including Coimbatore. Every year we detect 300 cases. During 2009-10, 329 such cases were detected and in the year before, 317,\" said an official.\"Politicians do not want to meter the agriculture connections fearing the vote bank. But it is essential to curb power theft in the sector and such a study is the only way we can understand the consumption pattern,\" said the official.A recent study by Citizen Consumer and Civic Action Group said the biggest problem facing the debt-ridden TNEB is the lack of metering of over 20 lakh farm power connections. It said TNEB routinely puts transmission losses at 18%, but that figure is not scientific, and the total annual losses are 30% to 32%, which includes farm power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11597116", "title": "Wanted: citizens\u2019 charter truly for citizens", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens' Bill, 2011, passed by the assembly recently, will be a damp squib if it doesn't include services offered by government and autonomous agencies, RTI activists have alleged.The Citizens' Charter Bill, covering 152 services provided by 11 departments, may penalize officials for failing to deliver within a stipulated time. However, autonomous institutions such as the Lokayukta, Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission, State Human Rights Commission, Information Commission and Minorities Commission have been excluded from its purview.\"These are institutions where people take their complaints for redressal. For instance, 30,000 complaints are pending before the Lokayukta. Officials working there must be covered under the charter and given a deadline to deliver,\" said BH Veeresh from the Right To Information Study Centre.Activists have written to the principal secretary, department of personnel and administrative reforms, on the issue.Santosh P Nargund, president, Rashtrotthan Sankalp Trust, said, \"There must be a periodic review, once in six months during the first three years, to include new departments and services under the charter.\"But law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar said the government cannot include Lokayukta in the charter unless the institution voluntarily asks for it. \"A team of IAS officers and ministers will soon leave for Bihar where the charter has been implemented successfully,\" he said. The bill covers urban development, revenue, home, education, health and family welfare, rural development and panchayat raj departments, BWSSB and municipal corporations, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596210", "title": "PU fashion graduates look forward to job placements", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Aspiring for jobs with leading fashion brands and designers including J J Valaya, Rohit Gandhi-Rahul Khanna and India's key export houses that have been invited to the department , Panjab University's fashion graduates are geared up for their first placement season.The first batch of integrated course - BSc and MSc at University Institute of Fashion Technology and Vocational Development at PU is all set to graduate and 13 students from final semester have opted for campus placements. Having invited brands including Octave, Dimple Creations, Hemant &amp; Nandita, CTA apparels, Active Clothing, BMIndia, Nahar Export House that is lined to brands like GAP, Monte Carlo , the students are an excited lot.\"Right from the attractive designer placement brochure that students created to make presentations to calling and mailing the fashion houses, the team of students have been working very hard,\" said Anu Gupta, placement co-ordinator.Having received certain confirmations, although unwilling to disclose the names of brands and export houses, department faculty members state that this first ever placement season is an all-students affair. \"We are in touch with all Delhi-based major fashion houses and brands for placements. The trends are optimistic till now,\" said Sabita Loie, a student of MSc at UIFT.For profiles ranging from fabric testing, retailing, merchandising and chemical testing, students expect to be offered salary up to Rs 50,000. \"We are expecting the companies to come in mid February. We are working on our portfolio and preparing ourselves for interviews. Most of us wish to get associated with export houses in foreign brands,\" said Sapna Nanda, final semester student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602076", "title": "Geeta Kapoor needs a suitable boy", "text": "The one question, which has often been asked to Geeta Kapoor , one of the judges of \" Dance India Dance\" is regarding her wedding plans.But the choreographer tells us she is not a bit bothered by such oft-asked question, something she has learnt with the passage of time. \"I'm so busy with my work that I hardly get time to think of marriage. And if people are really concerned about me, why can't they find a suitable guy for me? I wouldn't mind seeking their help,\" she chuckled. When we asked her what exactly she is expecting from his someone special, she said, \"Someone who can understand the work pressure I live with.And of course, he needs to accept the fact that my first love is dance. As long as these two issues are clear to him, I don't mind marrying that person.\" So he needn't be a thaeth Punjabi? \"No, that's not an issue with me. I think the person you have to live your life with is more important rather than judging them by their ethnic background.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11597226", "title": "\u2018Mini Assam\u2019 project to boost state tourism", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is planning to launch an ambitious project of 'Mini Assam' and build a science city in Sonapur in the outskirts of the city to boost tourism, chief minister Tarun Gogoi said in a meeting on Sunday.He said the 'Mini Assam' project will give tourists an opportunity to witness Assam's rich heritage, geography and culture through traditional villages, tea gardens, rivers, mountains, indigenous communities, arts and crafts, language, and others. Gogoi added the proposed initiative and project will add to the reforms in the tourism sector.At the meeting, Gogoi said his government, under the aegis of the Centre in association with the National Council of Science Museum, will set up the proposed science city for a cost of abour Rs 100 crore. He also said the government will soon start the process to build a national research centre at Sonapur, and suggested a tribal centre would also be set up in the same area, alongwith a golf course in Sonapur-Chandrapur.Gogoi opined that the development of these areas in the city will help attract local, national and international tourists. He also stated that the government wanted the entire area to be declared as a green zone and will chalk out a plan for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596225", "title": "\u2018Bird racers\u2019 take wing, spot rare species", "text": "CHENNAI: The Orphean Warbler, one of the rarest birds to be found in Chennai, was spotted during the fifth edition of the annual Bird Race in the city on Sunday.The bird was sighted by S. Kumaran who, with his wife and son, formed one of the 41 teams that participated in the event. The teams criss-crossed the city and its suburbs in a race to spot the most bird species. Eleven teams went 'green birding', using only public transport while taking part in the event.The race, organised by Madras Natural Society and sponsored by a prominent bank, has been a runaway hit in the city. \"We have had the second highest number of participants this year,\" said Vijay Kumar, secretary of MNS, adding that 75 individuals participated in the event.This year, 14-year-old Vikas Madhav and his three team-mates in Emerald Dove spotted 121 species and were declared winners. \"For the first time, I saw a Red Munia, Common Teal and Spotted Owl in Chennai,\" Vikas said. Bonelli's Eagle was declared second after spotting 117 birds and the third place went to India Pitta that found 93 species. \"We covered 280km. We went along the East Coast Road and Vedanthangal,\" said Murugan Mohan, a member of Bonelli's Eagle.What was perhaps more heartwarming was the team Golden Back Woodpecker, consisting of children aged 12 to 14, spotted 62 species and came second in the green birding category. \"The race really excites the kids. We saw hundreds of Painted Storks fly over us at Vedanthangal and that sight alone made taking part in the race worthwhile,\" said V Arun, a school teacher who accompanied 10 of the green birding teams. These teams started at the Theosophical Society, went on to Guindy National Park and then headed to Pallikarnai.Some of the other places that teams covered were the IIT campus and Adyar estuary in the city and Nanmangalam, Vedanthangal and Pallikarnai on the outskirts.The organisers said the spirit of participation was the highlight of the race. \"Only three teams spotted over 90 species. Two spotted 80 to 90 and six spotted 70 to 80. What this shows is that more and more amateurs are taking part, which is an encouraging trend,\" said eminent ornithologist Shantaram.\"The race is organised in 15 cities across the country. Over the years, it will give us an idea of the species of birds and their habitat in urban areas,\" said Sanjay Monga, one of the main coordinators of the event. The 52 teams that took part in the event spotted around 200 species of birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11596986", "title": "RR Nagar: A verdant story beyond the nightmare", "text": "BANGALORE: From a verdant forest patch to a full-blown residential and educational suburb. That sums up the trajectory of Raja Rajeshwarinagar, RR Nagar as it is also known, in just about two decades.Green, neat and quiet inside, this hilly and rocky south-western Bangalore suburb is in the throes of a rebirth. It is desperately awaiting the end of road and Metro works at the Nayandahalli junction on Mysore Road, which would make it a hotter destination than it already is. Till then, RR Nagar residents have resigned to put up with the dirty, cracked and overcrowded roads, rendered further nightmarish with smoke-spitting vehicles.''Coming to RR Nagar is hell though it's great to live there. It takes nothing less than 60 to 75 minutes to get here from M G Road and vice-versa. You also have a 20 to 30 minute choking point at Nayandahalli where Outer Ring Road and Mysore Road intersect,'' management pro and RR Nagar resident Narayanan R says. Situated to the left of Mysore Road, RR Nagar is surrounded by Vijayanagar, Kengeri, Banashankari VI Stage, Uttarahalli and Outer Ring Road as well as Bangalore University and Nagarbhavi.RR Nagar residents are now pinning their hopes on 2018 when life is expected to change with the work on Metro Phase II getting over. That's when property prices in the area, now ranging between Rs 2,750 and Rs 3,150 per sq foot, are bound to go north.The entry to the township is almost royal, thanks to an ornate arch and a palace-like mall. But a big drain near the mall reminds one that it is Bangalore city after all. Once the drain passes by, the main road is lined with trees on the median as well as either sides and you feel like you are driving under a canopy. The road snakes into two major areas within - Ideal Homes colony and BEML Layout.\"The colony is green and neat. The roads are clean. There is also a very good park. There are spacious bungalows. It's typically residential. Absolutely, no regrets over living in the area,\" says Ranjith Madhukar, software engineer.Residents feel that supermarkets in the area could do better. ''The popular ones here but they're always short of stock. Shouldn't that change?'' residents say. BEML Layout, they feel, is far more expansive and well provided for in terms of grocery access.Tucked inside the township are popular eat-outs like Adigas and Beijing Bites. There's also the Gopalan mall and multiplex with three fast food restaurants. ''For weekends, we've got something to eat. But we could do with a few more big restaurants,'' says Venkat Ram, architect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11597267", "title": "20 low-floor buses to expand existing fleet", "text": "KOCHI: The city will soon get its share of low-floor buses allocated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The KSRTC Ernakulam depot expects 20 non-A/C buses to arrive in the city within two weeks.Though these buses were allotted some time back, they were being operated in Thiruvananthapuram on temporary permits to clear the Sabarimala pilgrim rush.\"As there was need to operate additional services to Pamba during the Sabarimala season, they were deployed in Thiruvananthapuram. Now that the season is over, these buses will be brought to Kochi,\" said Antony E X, Controlling Inspector. Of the 20, six will be provided to Ernakulam depot to augment city services. KSRTC is already operating six services on Vytilla-Vytilla circular route, six more will be added to this fleet. The remaining buses will be shared between Angamaly, Aluva and Perumbavoor.Antony said so far KSRTC had received 120 non-A/C low-floor buses and 50 A/C buses through JNNURM.\"We are expecting 100 more buses for Ernakulam district as per the budget proposals. They are expected in mid-April,\" he added. According to Antony, KSRTC is entitled to another eight Volvo buses under the JNNURM. But to buy them, the state government would have to take a decision. Meanwhile, the official dealer of Volvo buses in Kerala made it clear that they would not provide buses on credit to KSRTC.Under JNNURM scheme, Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram were sanctioned 50 and 30 A/C buses, respectively.\"So far the government has procured 62 of these buses. Earlier, we supplied them on credit. But, as KSRTC has made arrears in payment, we have decided to provide buses only after full payment is made,\" said Sibi Mathai, authorized Volvo dealer. He also said the transport corporation would have to shell out Rs 1 crore each for the remaining 18 buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594093", "title": "Temples of doom and boom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In one of the most gruesome murders in recent years in the state, the assistant of the priest of a Shiv temple in Iyava village of Sanand clobbered four people to death with an iron bar early on Sunday morning.He also injured another three people, including the head priest, Somnath Bapu.Dharamnath, 41, killed the four men in the temple campus at around 5.30 am and later committed suicide by hanging himself from the staircase leading to the temple's dome. Police officials say it is a bizarre incident as Dharamnath had no apparent motive for the killings. Although villagers told the cops that Dharamnath got upset quickly and regularly got into brawls.Among those killed were three sadhus who were staying the temple - Shankardas Bapu, Purannath, and an unidentified sadhu - and a volunteer Prithvirajsinh Vaghela who was a resident of Sanand. All of them had been hit on the head. Police officials said Dharamnath tried to set fire to the bodies by pouring kerosene on them, but the two injured volunteers called for help in time, foiling his attempt.Somnath Bapu has sustained grievous head injuries in the attack and has been admitted to a private hospital in Ahmedabad. Dharamnath had been a part of the temple for the last 15 years. The murdered sadhus were guests of the temple for the past four days.Cops say eight youths had reached the temple to help the sadhus prepare bhog for Sunday's puja. While most of the volunteers returned home late in the night, three of them stayed back and slept in the temple.\"Two of the youths - Mahavirsinh Jadeja, 25, and Rajdeepsinh Vaghela, 21 - raised an alarm after being hit by Dharamnath. The villagers found them dazed and reeking of kerosene,\" said R K Patel, deputy superintendent of police, Sarkhej division. \"When Dharamnath realized the police were on the way, he ran into the temple and was later found hanging from a staircase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11595325", "title": "'TDP will scrap mining project'", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Igniting a fresh debate on bauxite mining, actor Balakrishna said there is no question of going ahead with the project once Telugu Desam Party comes to power. Endorsing Balakrishna's views, forest and environment minister Satrucharla Vijayarama Raju, who was also in the town, said the government would go by the larger public opinion on the issue.After unveiling a statue of NTR at Paderu on Sunday, Balakrishna said TDP is firmly opposed the bauxite mining in the Agency areas and added that his party would never support anti-people's policies. The actor, who is touring various parts of the state, said that TDP government would scrap the project without any hesitation. He said the local tribals were up in arms against the project. \"If the people are not willing, why should the government pursue the project,\" he added. He asked the government to immediately cancel the project.Meanwhile, the minister said the government would certainly look into the complaints of the tribals before going ahead with the project. He, however, said the government would also work towards creating awareness among the tribals. He said development of backward areas is not possible without new industries. \"People sacrificed their lives for Visakha Steel Plant and VSP today is generating employment and revenue,\" he pointed out. The minister said despite strong opposition from the tribals and people's organizations against the proposed tiger reserve project in Adilabad, the government would go ahead with the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596304", "title": "GTA committee to seek extension", "text": "KOLKATA: The high-power committee set up by Bengal government to ascertain the jurisdiction of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) is in a fix. While the committee's term will end on January 31, Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leaders are pressing for GTA to be made functional by February.Thus, it is expected that the Bengal government will give an extension to the committee headed by Justice Shyamal Kumar Sen, former Chief Justice of Allahabad High Court. Earlier, the state government had asked the committee to submit its recommendations within six months.GJM secretary Roshan Giri has been asked to appear before the committee on January 27, as Giri had applied for extending GTA's jurisdiction and inclusion of parts of Siliguri and Jalpaiguri where Gorkhas are in majority.However, Left Front and Jalpaiguri CPM are opposing the move to include parts of Jalpaiguri district in GTA. The Left leaders had already stated before the committee that Jalpaiguri had never been a part of Darjeeling, so including any part of the district will bring in administrative and racial problem. At the last week's meeting, it was decided that the committee members will ask the Bengal government for extending their tenure, as it is yet to start survey of the 396 mouzas which GJM had demanded. However, the committee had asked the GJM leaders to give a proper map of Jalpaiguri indicating the areas which they want to include in GTA.\"If there is no continuity and compactness in the presence of Gorkha population in Jalpaiguri, then how they can be included in GTA,\"said a committee official. Justice Sen and the GJM members are also pondering over the issue and they feel it will take some time to finalize the additional areas for GTA.Officials also believe that to make GTA functional immediately, elections need to be held in the original jurisdiction of DGHC ( Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council) and later new areas can be added after proper adjudication.The Left leaders feel that Jalpaiguri has never been a part of Darjeeling. Thus, including any part of the district in GTA may lead to administrative and racial problems", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11597541", "title": "Third female fetus found in Hisar in a month", "text": "HISAR: Recovery of another female fetus from Jakhodkhera village in Hisar on Sunday morning is a matter of embarrassment for the district health authorities.Police have started investigations after registering a case against an unidentified person at Hisar police station. This is the third such incident involving an abandoned female fetus in the district. This categorically points out towards the laxity on part of the district health authorities in strict implementation and effective monitoring of ultrasound centres and clinics involved in medical termination of pregnancies.The fetus, stuffed in a polythene pack, was sighted by villagers near a garbage box at the bus stand. They informed the police who rushed to the spot to recover it.Dr Narvir Singh, director general of health services, ordered a probe into the incident. He assured strict action would be taken against those indicted for laxity in monitoring. \"We never refused the presence of female feticide in the area. But, recovery of a female fetus may not necessarily be a case of female feticide. There are chances that the pregnancy could have been terminated by an unwed mother or it could be a pre-mature baby's death,'' the DGHS said.The police had, earlier, recovered a female fetus each from Hisar city and Hansi city on January 8.Investigating officer Rajpal Singh said, \"Investigation suggests the delivery was done in a house. We have registered a case under various sections against the unidentified woman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596036", "title": "Lal Dighi parking to get hi-tech security touch up", "text": "KOLKATA: Closed circuit televisions, new car stickers with validity and a vehicle scanner, are some of the possible security measures that will be taken for the underground car parking lot in front of Writers' Buildings.The lot, adjoining Lal Dighi, is located right opposite to the state secretariat and PWD is in charge of maintaining it. PWD and Kolkata Police are, hence, chalking out tighter security measures to provide maximum safety. The underground parking space can accommodate 600 cars. Though the cars entering the parking lot go through security checks, yet police authorities admit that these were not sufficient. To ensure utmost security, the entire parking lot and the entry and exit of cars, will be monitored round-the-clock through CCTVs. Live feeds from the parking space will also be sent to a control room at Writers' Buildings.Officials have decided to keep a check on the cars that enter the underground parking lot. PWD and Kolkata Police authorities have hence devised a new system of distributing stickers among government officers who regularly use the parking lot. According to the present system, car stickers are not marked with any validity date. This means that cars, used by officers who may have retired, can continue to be used by the drivers if they want to.The new system will have computerized car stickers which will have a fixed validity. Once the new measures are in place, loopholes in the system will be done away with. Every car entering and leaving the parking lot will be under constant vigilance. Checking vehicles will henceforth become a thorough process.Meanwhile, Kolkata Police are discussing the possibility of bringing a vehicle scanner for the parking lot. State government is still mulling the idea since the scanners are expensive. \"The position of the parking lot is such that the best of security measures need to be taken for it. However, since the government's is facing a funds crisis, we may have to delay the plan for purchasing the scanner by some months, but it is definitely on our plan,\" said an official.While the CCTVs will be installed within the next few months, the new stickers will be introduced from April 1. With Kolkata Municipal Corporation ( KMC) scheduled to begin work around Laldighi soon, more vehicles will have to be parked at the underground parking space. The government is therefore being more cautious in its security measures, well before the work begins.Closed circuit televisions, new car stickers with validity and a vehicle scanner, are some of the possible security measures that will be taken for the underground car parking lot in front of Writers' Buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596504", "title": "Railway megablock leaves commuters on the road", "text": "MUMBAI: Refusals by autos and taxis were maximum on Sunday afternoon as the railways operated a mega block on the Harbour, Central and Western lines. Train services were affected in the stretch between Goregaon and Santa Cruz, Kalyan and Thane, Belapur and Vashi, and Panvel and Nerul.Several passengers and tourists opted for road transport, thereby resulting in crowded BEST buses and refusals by taxis and autos in the suburbs. Passengers had a harrowing time and most of them preferred to cancel their journeys due to the megablock. Said a passenger, \"The stations were crowded and it was difficult to get a road transport. My family decided to cancel our visit to a relative's place in the far flung eastern suburbs.\"On the Western Railway, the mega block was carried out between Santa Cruz and Goregaon. Several passengers alight at Santa Cruz and Andheri stations to go to Juhu beach on a Sunday, and they were the worst hit. Some autorickshaws were demanding excess fares to ply to Juhu beach, sources said.On the Central Railway, north-bound slow services from Mulund were diverted to the fast track between Mulund and Kalyan stations from 10.35 am to 3.37 pm. The slow track was shut down (north-bound) at Kalwa, Mumbra, Diva, Kopar and Thakurli stations during the block period.On the Harbour line, services between Belapur and Vashi were cancelled between 10.48 am and 4.01 pm.The trans-harbour line services to Panvel and Nerul were also cancelled from 11 am to 3.30 pm. Harbour line services from Panvel to Andheri were suspended during the block.Citizens can also expect megablocks on January 29 and February 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596241", "title": "JERC Proposes To Raise Tariff By 50% For Domestic, Commercial Consumers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fate of UT administration's proposal to put into effect a 50% hike in power tariff would be decided by the Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission (JERC) at a public hearing on Tuesday. It had invited objections from general public and these would be considered while taking a decision.The department had, on December 30, submitted the annual revenue requirement (ARR) and tariff proposal for the financial year 2012-13 to JERC of Goa and Union territories in which it had asked the commission for increasing power tariff by 50% for domestic as well as commercial consumers. \"This hike is very important if we need to overcome the revenue gap. From 2005 we have not touched upon the tariff rate but it has led us to a loss of more than 350 crore,\" said UT's superintending engineer M P Singh.The UT electricity department is expecting a high number of people who will have objections on the same. \"There will be people who will have objections as many people feel 50% hike is way too much. But we have given the documents and figures to support the proposed hike,\" said Singh.If the JERC agrees upon the 50% hike domestic consumers will be paying Rs 4.20 for 0-150kw and Rs 7.60 for 151kw and above, instead of Rs 2.10 and Rs 3.80, respectively. On the other hand non-domestic users will have to pay Rs 8.20 instead of Rs 4.10 for every kilowatt. It was only in the financial 2011-12 that the department had increased the tariff by 27 to 31% which is yet another reason for which the department expects people to object on the hike.After the first hike in July 2011 the department had stated that the tariff increase is now going to be an annual feature. For now city residents just finished paying arrears for the increased tariff rate as it was agreed upon in July, but was applicable from April 2011 and now once again from April 2012 people will be paying more for electricity.Domestic supplyNo. of units | 0-150 Old tariff | 1.65 Increased tariff | 2.10 Tariff (if there is 50% hike) | 4.20 No. of units | Above 150 Old tariff | 2.90 Increased tariff | 3.80 Tariff (if there is 50% hike) | 7.60 Non domestic Supply No. of units | 0 kw to bulk supply Old tariff | 3.36 Increased tariff | 4.10 Tariff (if there is 50% hike) | 8.20", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "11601736", "title": "Cop captured on camera beating up woman in Punjab", "text": "MANSA: In an outrageous and shameless incident, a cop in uniform brutally beaten up a young woman at the Bareta police station in Mansa. The woman was taken to the police station on accusations of snatching, theft and selling illicit liquor but instead of giving custody of the young woman to a lady contable, the head constable brutally beat her up,The cop has been captured on camera. He has been placed under suspension and departmental action has been initiated against the SHO.The woman Raj Kaur(23) of village Bhundar along with another woman Paramjit Kaur was taken to Bareta police station on complaints of some liquor contractors, said sources. Both women were already facing other cases of snatching and theft.The head constable beat her up in the presence of seniors and lady police, sources added.Farm union leader Ruldu Singh Mansa said, \"the police seem to be working under a hangover of immense power in their hands and have scant regard for human rights. Beating of a woman by a cop is an unfortunate incident and cannot be justified at any level even if the woman is guilty\".Bareta police station officials have denied the inicdent.Mansa SSP Pardeep Kumar Yadav, however, said \"I have gone through the clip of the cop beating the woman. On basis of the clip, the head constable Balwan Singh has been placed under suspension and departmental proceedings have been initiated against SHO Sikandar Singh\".The SSP added, \"An SP rank official has been asked to enquire into the matter and severest action will be taken against the erring cops\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "margao ", "code": "11596533", "title": "Study social implications of science: Victor Ferrao", "text": "MARGAO : In a bid to reflect on the importance of developing spirituality at an equal pace as that of science in today's world, Science and Religion Sangam, (SRS) Goa in collaboration with the Indian Institute of Science and Religion (IISR), Pune recently organized a public symposium at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao.The two and half hour symposium that was attended by around 150 delegates comprising of doctors, engineers, professors , students amongst others revolved around the theme-'Recent Developments on Science and Technology and the Emergence of a New World Order: Social and Ethical Challenges and Opportunities'.\"As history made science, science made history and triggered a chain of events that brought about a profound transformation that surrounds human society,\" said lead speaker Dr Victor Ferrao of Rachol Seminary while stating that it was thus important to attentively reflect on their social and ethical implications.Ferrao further claimed that the mind boggling interpretation of this new era threatens to not only transform our human condition but bring about a change not only at a global scale but also at the cosmic scaleOne of the points raised during the interaction with the audience that struck a chord was regarding how it through science it could be possible to clone human beings the way sheep can be cloned but the spirit and soul of a human being could not be cloned.The symposium also focused on the physical sciences and the changing scenario emerging from them, transformations in the biological sciences and their socio-ethical impact and the developments in Neuroscience and its ethico-social implications.The other speakers were Dr. Job Kozhamthadam, the founder director of IISR, Pune , Dr. Kuruvilla Pandikattu, from Jnana- Deepa Vidyapeeth from Pune and Dr Agustine Pamplany from the Institute of Science and Religion, (ISR), Aluwa Kerala.The seminar attempted to study the recent scientific theories of the universe and its impact on the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596184", "title": "Slum fire: Govt promises compensation", "text": "KOLKATA: Many had a narrow escape in Sunday's fire that razed a slum near Kalikapur. Lakkhirani Singh spotted the fire when it was about a hundred metres away.\"It came hissing towards my shanty in less than ten seconds. I could only watch helplessly as it blew my shack away,\" she said.The fire brigade struggled to manoeuvre its trucks down a narrow lane adjacent to the slum. Lives were saved as most residents were yet to return from their daily chores. Subhajit Khan, a slum-dweller, said that an LPG cylinder burst, turning the fire uncontrollable.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee visited the site later in the evening. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim, who monitored the salvage operations, said the slum-dwellers would be given alternative shelters.\"We will ensure that they are taken care of and receive adequate compensation. Temporary camps are being erected and we are arranging for blankets. The fire brigade and locals worked together to douse the flames fairly quickly,\" Hakim said. Students who lost their books in the fire will be provided replacements free of cost, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594347", "title": "Police struggle to piece together Sanand temple murder puzzle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The mechanical drums installed at Neelkanth Mahadev temple sounded a death knell at 5.30 am on Sunday. Mahavirsinh Jadeja, 25, woke up with a start and was surprised because it was not yet time for morning prayers that took place at 6.30 am everyday. Before he could realize what was happening, a blow was struck on the back of his head. He turned around and saw Dharamnath with an iron rod, ready to strike again.Dharamnath, a sevak at the temple for the last 15 years, had already killed four persons with the same rod in their slumber, and was ready to kill two more. However, Jadeja was lucky to survive the assault.Four murders at Iyava village, seven kilometers from Sanand, have puzzled the police since many things remain unanswered due to Dharamnath's suicide after the incident.\"As per Jadeja's statement, he was at the temple on Saturday night along with eight youths. A grand puja used to be held every Sunday dedicated to Lord Bhairav. Delicacies were prepared and distributed amongst devotees after the puja. Youths like Jadeja would help the sadhus living in the temple to prepare the offerings. Saturday was no different,\" said a Sanand police official.While others left home at 2 am on Sunday after preparing laddoos, Jadeja, along with Rajdeepsinh Vaghela, 21, and Prithvirajsinh Vaghela, 23, stayed back and slept in open courtyard at the temple campus.Jadeja and Rajdeepsinh managed to flee but Prithvirajsinh was not as fortunate.\"The temple was growing in stature and size. Construction work is going on at the temple along with renovation of existing facilities. We believe that entry of new sadhus might have threatened Dharamnath of his position who saw himself as successor to the mahant Somnath bapu. We believe that he might have killed the three sadhus who had come from outside and then assaulted the youths sleeping nearby. He might have switched on the drums in order to drown the victims' cries,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11597437", "title": "Watch your language: Uma Bharti tells Rahul", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The slugfest between Uma Bharti and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi continued on Sunday, with the BJP leader asking the latter to watch his language.The former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh, Bharti reached Chandigarh on Sunday for campaigning in Punjab. She said she has been called an outsider and \"putna\" (demoness) by Congress leaders in the ongoing assembly campaigning in Uttar Pradesh. \"Before calling me an outsider, Rahul should remember that his entire family had contested elections from UP,\" said Bharti, who is contesting elections from UP.Slamming former Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh for his recent use of the word \"qatl-e-aam\" (carnage), while talking about Congress rebels, she said, \"Even sophisticated leaders like Amarinder are not careful about their choice of words.\"Not stopping at that, she went on to add, \"The Congress party has become a completely divided house. If (Union home minister) P Chidambaram says something, (senior Congress leader) Digvijay Singh says something else and the Prime Minister has something different to say on the same issue. This is dangerous for the country.\"About her comeback to the party fold, Bharti claimed that she learnt a big lesson while being out of the party for almost seven years. \"My lesson is that you need a big political platform to air your views or to make a change,\" she said. As for losing her some of her fiery nature, which had caused problems during her earlier stint in BJP, she explained, \"I used to talk to senior party leaders in a commanding tone and was heard because they respected me. I've come back as a party worker and will not say anything that hurts the maryada (sanctity) of the party.\"Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11595873", "title": "British headmaster of Bangalore school held for sending vulgar messages to boy student", "text": "BANGALORE: Paul Francis Meekan, the British headmaster of Trio World School in Kodigehalli, was arrested on Saturday for allegedly sending vulgar messages through a social networking website to one of his boy students.DCP R Ravikanthegowda said the boy is a minor whose identity cannot be revealed. The messages are 'dirty', he said, without elaborating.The accused has been remanded in judicial custody. A case under the Information Technology Act and the Juvenile Act has been booked against him.\"The accused used to frequently call my son to his chamber and talk about sex. He used to force my son to share his views on the subject. He posted sexual remarks on my son's social networking website account,\" the victim's parents said in a statement to the police. \"We have registered a case under Section 27 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000, and Section 67 of the Information Technology Act,\" the police said.\"Paul has been removed from the post. We received a complaint from a parent saying he had said something on chat. Soon after, they approached the police. It's for the first time that we have received such a complaint from any parent,\" Bishwajeet Bhattacharya, PR manager, Trio World School, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11596175", "title": "Two held for possessing ganga", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons were arrested for possession of 1.8kg of ganja (marijuana) and remanded in judicial custody at Coimbatore Central Prison.Police said V Vasudevan, 48, of Keelapudur near Usilampatty in Madurai district came to Coimbatore on Saturday. He handed over a bag of ganga worth Rs 10,000 to K Selvaraj (46), from Pattanam near Sulur on the outskirts of the city. Based on a tip off the Singanallur police had followed Vasudevan and caught him red-handed. Both culprits were taken to the police station.During interrogation, Vasudevan confessed that he supplied the illegal drug to users in Coimbatore. He sourced it from Theni he said. Both Vasudevan and Selvaraj have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.Police said, Vasudevan worked as a security guard, earning a very low income. To supplement his salary, he smuggled ganga from Theni and supplied it to customers in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595974", "title": "Bhagat vexed at being misrepresented for his comment", "text": "JAIPUR: Before leaving for Mumbai after participating in the Jaipur Literature Festival on Sunday, author Chetan Bhagat said he was quite fed up with the questions thrown at him by journalists about Salman Rushdie . \"I have already said a lot and have been misrepresented a lot for what I said,\" Chetan said.Clarifying his stand, Bhagat said, \"I have a balanced viewpoint on the issue. I think sentiments of the author as well as those who were opposing his visit should be taken into consideration.\"Best-selling writer Chetan Bhagat on Saturday had criticised support lent to authors whose books have been banned for offending religious communities.\"It was just an opinion, I did not know it would spark a furious debate,\" Chetan asserted.On a lighter note, Bhagat said he was seriously contemplating doing more work for Bollywood. \"Some recent movies based on my scripts have opened up a whole lot of avenues for me and I am considering getting more involved with the movie business,\" Bhagat added.When asked his take on overuse of social networking platforms, he echoed Opera Winfrey's view, who had called them a waste of time at her session, adding he had to stop tweeting from time to time due to this. \"It distracts the mind of an author. I had to apologise to my fans when I had to go off Twitter. But I think it was necessary,\" Bhagat said.He had also brought his wife and two sons along at the fest, he signed off by saying, \"Everybody had a great time and I would like to be part of this event over and over again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11595857", "title": "Wetland wall smashed into pile of rubble", "text": "KOLKATA: By Sunday evening, the entire illegal wall around the 43-bigha Collector Bheri off EM Bypass had been demolished.The pile of debris left behind at the site proved that the determination of green groups is stronger than the muscle power of land sharks.With the wall gone, commuters could again have a soothing view of the water and greenery. It was a reminder of how the persistence of green activists, the East Kolkata Wetlands Management Authority (EKWMA) and the TOI campaign worked together to achieve one of the biggest environmental victories in Kolkata.The demolition of the wall started on Saturday and was almost over on Sunday. Over 30 men began to break down the remaining portion of the boundary since 8am. Payloaders moved in an out, collecting the debris of broken walls and pillars, and transferring them into trucks, which dumped the rubble at a distance.EKWMA officials and police kept a watchful eye all day long. Work continued till 4.30pm.\"The little bit of work that is left will be finished by Tuesday,\" said Arijit Biswas, chief technical officer of the wetlands authority.Now, the land is vested with the government and South 24-Parganas district magistrate has been asked to take possession of the land.The main work from here on is to restore the waterbody. \"I will not have peace of mind till the waterbody is restored,\" smiled Biswas. There is not much water in the adjoining canal and officials are exploring the possibility of bringing water through a shallow tubewell. \"We will go by whichever is faster,\" Biswas said.Not many local people had come to watch the demolition work on sleepy Sunday. But those that did, like van rickshaw puller Prashanta Mandal, remembered how this was one of the best ponds for fish cultivation. \"I saw how the water was drained out through pumps,\" he said. \"I am really happy that the waterbody is being restored.\"The crackdown at the Collector Bheri - conducted by the EKWMA, Kolkata Municipal Corporation and Kolkata Police - began early on Saturday. Located next to Heritage School, behind Ruby General Hospital, the bheri was being filled up by land sharks, who drained out the water, built a wall and started filling it up.The waterbody is part of East Kolkata Wetlands, a Ramsar site. The Times of India first reported it on December 30. Three stop-work notices by the EKWMA and KMC and two FIRs failed to stop the construction. The Tiljala police took no action for a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596544", "title": "More trouble for bar firing accused over arms licence", "text": "MUMBAI: A police probe into the firing incident outside a Dahisar bar on Saturday has revealed that the accused, Rajkumar Gupta, had not registered his weapon in Mumbai.Gupta, a construction contractor based in Nalasopara, was drinking at the Jalsa bar and restaurant along the Western Express Highway. Around 1 am, Gupta had an argument with other patrons, who were objecting to his requests to a female orchestra performer to sing the same item song again and again. The altercation snowballed into a fight, with Gupta opening fire and wounding two passersby.\"Gupta had an all-India arms licence issued by the Uttar Pradesh government for his revolver. But the weapon needs to be registered in Mumbai separately, which he did not do. We will book him additionally under Section 30 of the Arms Act,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Sunil Deshmukh. Gupta has already been slapped with attempt to murder charges. Officials said he did not have a crime record.The victims, Omkar Kadam and Ramesh Shetty, are out of danger, doctors said. While Shetty works as a cash collection agent with a co-operative credit society, Kadam washes cars for a living. \"Kadam was hit twice-one of the bullets pierced his right hand and splinters are believed to have struck his bone; the second bullet is lodged near his rib cage. He underwent a surgery at the Kokilaben Ambani Hospital in Andheri,\" Deshmukh said.Shetty suffered minor injuries to his foot and was discharged after treatment. Gupta has been remanded in police custody till January 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595231", "title": "City on a short fuse: Security officer opens fire over parking", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another incident of short fuse in the city, a personal security officer of a well-known west Delhi builder lost his cool on Saturday night over a trivial issue of parking and shot at the watchman of his employer's colony.Two beat police officers, who were passing by, immediately reached the spot, hearing the gun shots. One nabbed PSO Rajbir Singh while the other took victim Naresh Kumar to the nearby Maharaja Agrasen Hospital. The police came to know later that earlier too, the PSO was involved in arguments with the chowkidar over the same issue.The incident took place around 9pm on road number 7 of East Punjabi Bagh soon after builder Vinod Sandhu returned home for the day. He was accompanied by PSO Singh, a private security officer of Metro Security Services who has been working with Sandhu for the past eight months. He was earlier an officer of the Delhi Home Guards.When they reached the colony, chowkidar Kumar reportedly asked them to park the vehicle somewhere else. \"On this, Singh had arguments with Kumar that turned ugly. They had arguments in past as well over parking,\" said a senior police officer. The PSO, who carries a licensed .32 bore revolver, shot at Naresh. \"Naresh tried to save himself but the bullet hit his leg,\" said V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police (West district).The two police officers on patrolling duty, head constable Dev Dutt Tyagi and constable Ashokan, went to the spot and overpowered Singh, who was trying to flee, and took him to Punjabi Bagh police station. Singh was arrested and has been booked for attempt to murder. Officials said SHO Virender Dalal would refer the names of Dutt Tyagi and Ashokan for reward.Several incidents of people losing their cool and resorting to guns have been reported in the recent past. Few days ago, a PSO of a Chandigadh-based industrialist had opened fire at an eatery owner in Chanakyapuri. A person claiming to be from the media had earlier opened fire at an elderly person in south Delhi over a minor collision between their cars turned violent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11596499", "title": "Parrikar addresses public in CM's constituency, spits venom at Kamat", "text": "MARGAO: Opposition leader Manohar Parrikar on Sunday came down heavily upon chief minister Digambar Kamat for the various ills plaguing the state's commercial capital, while addressing gatherings at various places in Margao during his Jan Sampark Abhiyan.The Abhiyan that was flagged off on January 15 entered Kamat's home constituency on Sunday after touring the neighbouring Fatorda constituency.Parrikar, in his addresses especially targeted Kamat for the deteriorating law and order situation and the rising crime graph in Margao. Giving instances of gang fights between groups hailing from Moti Dongor, the chief minister's vote bank, Parrikar charged the chief minister with shielding the accused.Stating that the people have felt disgusted with the \"misgovernance\" of the Congress rule for the last seven years, Parrikar exuded confidence that the people will vote for a change this time bringing the BJP back to power.The rally that took off from Agalli on Sunday morning moved along Fatorda junction, Ambaji, Chandrawado, Arlem junction , Borda, Gogol and Aquem, Malbhat old bus stand and Comba areas of Margao before proceeding to Nuvem later in the afternoon.Margao BJP leaders Sharmad Raiturkar, Rupesh Mahatme and Pandurang 'Bhai' Naik were prominent among those who were seen in the rally.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ koraput", "code": "11602184", "title": "Cops on Red alert ahead of Panchayat polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ KORAPUT: With electioneering for the panchayat polls gathering momentum, security agencies have stepped up vigil to counter Maoists' efforts to disrupt the election process.On Sunday, chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik hit the poll trail, launching his campaign from Tangi in Khurda district. He sought votes for his party candidates by highlighting different welfare schemes adopted by the state government for the rural populace. He addressed eight meetings at places such as Sorana, Banpur and Sisupalgarh. \"With the blessings of the people, I am sure BJD will do extremely well in the elections,\" Naveen told media persons. He slated to campaign in his constituency, Hinjili in Ganjam district, on Monday.While BJD is banking on Naveen to sway the electorate in its favour, the Opposition Congress has engaged its senior state leaders including OPCC chief Niranjan Patnaik to canvass for votes. The BJP campaign, on the other hand, is being led by its state unit president Jual Oram .Coinciding with the rise in political temperature, security personnel are raiding extremists' hideouts. On Sunday, they recovered at least three detonators, a camera flash, two country-made guns, 24 live cartridges and an empty bullet casket from Tekguda forest under Kalimela police station in Malkangiri district. This was the fifth such raid within a month in Malkangiri, a known Maoist hotbed.On Friday, BSF jawans had seized explosives and medicines dumped by Maoists inside Niliguda forest under Podia police station limits in Malkangiri. Prior to this, few weeks back, in three separate raids police recovered huge quantities of explosives stocked by Maoists in forests under Mudulipada police limits.Police suspect Red rebels, who have given a poll boycott, might have stocked these explosives to use it during the panchayat elections in February. \"Maoist belongings were dumped in a plastic drum in the forest. The rebels might have dumped it for use in some future offensive,\" said police inspector in Malkangiri R K Pati. \"Keeping in mind, Maoists' intentions during the panchayat polls, anti-extremist operations have been intensified across the district,\" he added.DGP Manmohan Praharaj said, \"We are keeping a close watch and stepping up efforts to keep Maoists at bay during the polls.\"The radicals have seemingly adopted dual policy during the polls: give poll boycott calls in certain areas and throw their weight behind specific candidates in some other areas.Police sources said Maoists are apparently planning violence during the staggered rural elections. Despite repeated confiscation of explosives, the rebels have through posters in Kalimela and Motu areas urged people not to participate in the poll process in Malkangiri district. \"Don't vote in the panchayat polls, the government has done nothing for you,\" said a poster pasted at Telrai chowk. The extremists through posters have demanded basic amenities in villages and fertilizers and irrigation facilities for farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600754", "title": "Say Yes to Love", "text": "CreditsWriter-Director: Mahrukh Mirza Beg Cast: Aasad Mirza, Nazia Hussain, Aditya Raj Kapoor, Saira Mirza,Vaibhavi, Master Ashish Sujal, Jamal Bhai, Abhishek, Danish Sheikh, Salim Khan, Sachin, Sakshi Producer: Mirza Brothers, Shamim Khan Music: Jatin Pandit Screenplay: Marukh Mirza Singer: Shaan, Khushi, Sunidhi Chauhan, Sonu Nigam, Jatin Pandit Lyrics: Jalees Sherwani DOP: Deepak Duggal Editor: Sanjay Jaiswal Choregrapher: Amaan-Shabana Khan Art: Leeladhar Sawant Exec Producer: Saira Mirza, Deepak Wadhwa Banner: Venus Worldwide Entertainment Pvt Ltd. Release Date: February 17, 2012SynopsisIt's the season of love just before Valentine's Day 2012 and Venus Worldwide Entertainment Pvt Ltd. brings the magical romantic musical 'Say Yes To Love'.Champak Jain of Venus Worldwide Entertainment Pvt Ltd.says, \"This Valentine's Day, the music of 'Say Yes To Love' will hold the youngsters in an enchanting spell.Superhit composer Jatin Pandit has created a magical score for that has a trademark stamp of yesteryears superhit young romantic films to it. The new couples Aasad Mirza and Nazia Hussain have brought the scintillating songs to life with their energetic performance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596180", "title": "Second garbage depot at Punawale still on paper", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's plan to set up another garbage depot at Punawale has got stuck because it has yet to get possession of the land from the forest department.The Pimpri Chinchwad township has a population of 17 lakh which generates about 600 tonnes of garbage every day. At present, this waste is dumped at the depot in Moshi which is spread over 80 acres.The PCMC wants to set up a second depot at Punawale village, off Katraj-Dehu Road bypass, to reduce the burden at the Moshi depot. It paid Rs 3.53 crore to the forest department a year back to get 22.80 hectare land at Punawale for its solid waste management processing and landfill plant.The civic health department had planned to dump the garbage generated in areas of zones A (Moshi, Nigdi, Akurdi, Chinchwad and others) and B (Pimpri, Chinchwadgaon, Ravet, Punawale, Tathawade and others) at this new depot and reduce the transportation cost. But the villagers from Punawale and nearby villages of Ravet, Tathawade and Wakad and opposed to the project because they fear it will pollute the surrounding areas and will prove a nuisance for the newly developing areas in these villages.R B Chavan, health executive officer, PCMC said, \"The state forest department has to measure the land in Punawale and give its possession to the civic body. We have still not received the possession of this land. The civic body will develop a depot where scientific processing of the garbage will be done before dumping so that the land is used efficiently and does not cause problems to the people residing in nearby areas.\"Meanwhile, the people residing in areas around the Moshi garbage depot have also raised the demand for shifting the depot elsewhere. They argue that the garbage depot is not a part of the development plan (DP) and it is polluting the surrounding areas. As a result, the civic body has started undertaking measures like vermicomposting to process the wet garbage, mechanical composting and capping to reduce the quantity of garbage dumped at the depot.The PCMC has built a 500 tonnes per day (TPD) mechanical composting plant at Moshi to reduce the amount dumping. The plant has a capacity to generate 30 Tonnes Per Day (TPD) of compostible material and 295 TPD of Refuse Derived Fuel (RDF) which is non-compostible but combustible material. The RDF will be sold to companies that need it for multi-fuel boilers. The plant was being run on a trial basis for the past four months. But the contractor who built it did not start operating at full capacity. As a result, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) sent a notice to the PCMC. In reply, the PCMC invited bids to award the contract to a private contractor to run the plant.An official from the health department said that the contract could not be allotted for operationalising the mechanical composting plant as the contractor who built the plant has approached the court against the civic body.Capping starts at MoshiThe Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has begun capping the garbage at the depot in Moshi which will free more land for garbage dumping and also reduce trouble caused to the local residents.Sanjay Kulkarni, executive engineer, environment cell, PCMC, said, \"The PCMC has been dumping garbage at the Moshi garbage depot for the past 20 years. So far, 1.6 lakh cubic meter of waste has been dumped on a 20 acre land. Now, capping is being done to reduce the area occupied by garbage.\"\"Most civic bodies dump the garbage in the open. The waste decomposes and the rain water adds to it, leading to the formation of leachates which percolate deep contaminating the soil and underground water. hence, the need for scientific capping,\" said Kulkarni.\"Normally flies and birds get attracted to the garbage at the depot. Also foul smell emanates from the decomposing trash. Scientific capping will eliminate this problem,\" he added.No shifting Moshi garbage depot: PawarDeputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has said that the Moshi garbage depot will not be shifted. \"Demands are pouring in from people every where to shift depots away from their villages. No one wants to have a garbage depot near his house,\" said Pawar when asked what he thinks about demands of Moshi villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595780", "title": "\u2018Lawyers play role in corruption\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Supreme Court judge Rajendra Mal Lodha on Sunday called on bar and bench to eradicate the menace of corruption from the judiciary. He was addressing a large gathering of the legal fraternity on the occasion of triple celebrations of sesquicentennial celebrations of Bombay High Court's establishment, concluding ceremony of platinum jubilee celebrations of Nagpur high court and golden jubilee of Nagpur bench.Expressing concern over corruption in judiciary, Justice Lodha,who had two years' tenure at Nagpur bench, said it was bad and non-negotiable. \"You are doing a godly job of providing justice to the people. If you can't be honest, there is no business for you to work in judiciary,\" he said.The former chief justice of Patna High Court even went to the extent of stating that 90% of corruption can't take place without direct or indirect support of lawyers. \"It's high time lawyers played an important role in helping the system of relieving this cancer plaguing the judiciary. They have to ensure that they don't become prey to propaganda and spread rumours. Every week, we at the Supreme Court receive complaints about such cases,\" he said. Expressing serious concern over criticism received by the judiciary, Justice Lodha said it was continuously challenged from all quarters.\"Though judges are criticized, they should prove the mettle by imparting justice which would ensure fundamental rights given to the citizens under Constitution of India,\" he said. Recalling his close association with the Nagpur bench, Lodha, who started his career from Rajasthan high court, said that the bonding between Bombay high court and Nagpur bench was amazing and there was tremendous maturity between the bars and benches of both places.\"Today, I want to live in the past.When I arrived here in 1994 as an infant judge of just 19 days, I was little bit apprehensive. But within a very short period, I became familiar due to active support from bar and bench.\" He stated that though he was judge and many lawyers were on his firing line, the latter had better ammunition and artillery and won most of the battles. \"This bench had produced host of legal luminaries and stalwarts. But those seniors also guided their juniors during those times,\" he said, calling on senior judges to share judgment writing with the juniors. \"Why doesn't it happen? The senior judge should involve juniors while penning the verdict,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11596481", "title": "Pasupathi Pandian killers point fingers at Subash Pannayar", "text": "MADURAI: In an interesting turn of events in the murder case of dalit leader Pasupathi Pandian recently, two youths, who surrendered in connection with the case, allegedly confessed that Subash Pannayar had ordered the killing. Police have now launched a hunt for Subash, as well as 10 others, including a woman.Subash is the brother of late Venkatesh Pannayar, the husband of former Union minister of state for home, Radhika Selvi. The killing of Pandian was to avenge the murder of Pannayar brothers' grandfather.\"The two accused have named Subash Pannayar, a native of Moolakarai in Tuticorin district as the person who ordered the killing. The arrested have admitted that they were henchmen of Subash. They have also named 11 others, including a woman from Dindigul behind the murder,\" said Dindigul SP T Jayachandran. Police have formed three teams to nab Subash and the other accused, who are on the run.Pandian, a dalit leader and president of Devendra Kula Velalar Kuttamaippu, was brutally hacked to death in front of his house at Nandhavanappatti village in Dindigul on January 10. Two persons, identified as M Arumugasamy (26) of Idhayathavanai in Tirunelveli district and J Arulanandham (26) of Mullakadu in Tuticorin district surrendered before a court in Valliyoor at Tirunelveli two days later and confessed to have committed the murder.Arumugasamy and Arulanandam were taken into police custody a few days ago when they reportedly pointed fingers at Subash. Both Subash Pannayar and Venkatesh Pannayar had been nursing a grudge against Pandian for over two decades ever since the latter allegedly murdered the Pannayar brothers' grandfather. Pandian was also accused of murdering two other relatives of the Pannayar brothers.After Venkatesh Pannayar was shot dead in a police encounter in 2003, Subash Pannayar allegedly masterminded several attempts on the life of Pandian, who, however, survived those bids including one in 2006, when his wife Jacintha was shot dead.\"Subash Pannayar was constantly looking for an opportunity to strike back at Pandian. Due to this threat, Pandian shifted his residence from Tuticorin to Dindigul, 10 years ago. Subash Pannayar had assigned the task of murdering Pandian to his henchmen, who were regularly trailing him for the right opportunity to attack,\" said a police officer.Police are on the lookout for Nirmala, a village panchayat member in Nandhavanapatti, who had a personal enmity with Pandian and was informing his movements to Pannayar's men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11597122", "title": "Mamata to address poll meeting in Imphal on Jan 25", "text": "IMPHAL: Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee will address a huge public meeting at Langjing Achouba ground adjacent to a CRPF camp here on 25 January,Wednesday, campaigning for the January 28 Manipur assembly election. The party on Sunday released its poll manifesto in the state.In the 60-seat Manipur assembly, TMC has fielded 47 candidates, including the party's lone MLA K Sharat Singh and three legislators who recently resigned from their respective parties and joined TMC.At a media conference, TMC national spokesman and MP Derek O'Brien said some top leaders of the party, including general secretary and Union shipping minister Mukul Roy, will accompany Mamata on her Imphal visit. Derek also released the party manifesto at the press conference.\"I was supposed to stay in Manipur for only a day but when I told our party members about people's love and affection for our party here, Mamata didi, who is a true lover of people and a fighter, asked me to stay in Manipur till the poll ends,\" Derek said.Since Mamata didi is entitled to Z+ category security, the concerned security officials will disclose the exact time of her public address at the Langjing ground soon, he added.Responding to a query on whether TMC will go in for a post-poll alliance, Derek said, \"We will go by the decision taken by our leaders as well as the public after the election.\"Echoing Derek, Manipur unit TC president and former MP Kim Gangte said, \"Let the people decide and bless us to form and lead the new government in the state.\"In its manifesto, TMC said the Manipur's myriad problems need concrete attention and the party is determined to address the issues and bring about an amicable solution to the prevailing 'man-made sufferings of the people'.On unity and peaceful co-existence, the document said: \"Today love, respect and understanding is missing among us and hence integrity is threatened. Manipur Pradesh TMC will take up all possible steps so that we can live with love and mutual respect.\"The party promised to protect and develop lifelines, implement the inner-line permit system as in other northeastern states and bring about an amicable solution to the insurgency problem and focus on the withdrawal of all the draconian laws.Stating that the disproportionate presence of security forces in Manipur is one of the main reasons for the anger of the common people, the party promised to strive for gradual reduction of such forces in the state.On retail trade, the party manifesto said TMC would not allow the entry of FDI in retail trade in Manipur and would adopt measures to safeguard the interests of small and tiny retail traders and vendors. It also promised to work for 'education for all\" and \"employment for all\" in the state.Assembly Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11595745", "title": "Three die of suffocation in jewellery unit", "text": "SURAT: Three workers were found to have died of suffocation caused by gas in a jewellery making unit, functioning since years on Ambaji Road in the walled city area here on Sunday.Subopal, 22, Rahul Hamaru, 18 and Surbho Kartama, 25, were found dead in the basement of Dhanlakshmi Chamber. The trio had come to Surat from West Bengal and was living alone in the city, having found job in the unit four years ago.The three were present in the room where one of them had poured a mixture of methyl alcohol and castor oil from a bigger container to a small tub. The mixture is used as a cleaning agent for the jewellery. Blood had come out of the mouth of the victims, whose bodies have been sent for post mortem.\"The unit smelt of gas. Primary investigation has revealed that the trio had died on inhaling gas formed from mixture of methyl alcohol and castor oil,\" said J M Patel, police inspector, Athwa police station.\"It seems that the containers of methyl alcohol and castor oil had somehow slipped from the hand of one of the workers and spread on the floor, leading to gas formulation. The workers immediately fainted on inhaling the gas,\" said Pankaj Patel , chief fire officer, Surat Municipal Corporation ( SMC).Experts said the gas formed by methyl alcohol mixture dehydrates a human body if inhaled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11596232", "title": "Two babies die in front of Bengal minister during surprise visit to Malda hospital", "text": "MALDA: A surprise visit to Malda district hospital turned out to be a shock for child and women welfare minister Sabitri Mitra on Sunday.\"Only God can help us,\" she cried, after seeing two babies die before her eyes. Mitra spent nearly an hour at the hospital shooing cats from the maternity ward and trying to make sense of the chaos. The beds - and floors - were overflowing with patients. There were people crying out for help.But there was no hospital staff around. Exasperated, the minister called the ward master, hospital superintendent and other officials. But all of them were either on leave or in Kolkata on some official tour. There wasn't even a security guard to be seen.When Mitra reached the paediatric ward around 1pm, relatives of patients were milling about like a swarm of bees.\"Why are there so many people? Where is the doctor? Where are the nurses?\" she shouted. A nurse came running.\"We are but three and there are 128 patients. How can we manage?\" she pleaded. The minister looked far from appeased. Her anger turned into shock when some cats started roaming about the ward. Without calling for anyone, Mitra herself began to drive them away.\"The cats are so big I'm afraid they might harm the babies. None of the health officials is here. I couldn't have imagined such a situation had I not visited the hospital,\" she said.When patients realized who she was, there was a chorus of complaints. Mitra gave them a patient ear and walked out a little after 2pm. But there was one more shock in store.A middle-aged man, Md Liyakat Sheikh, approached her. His story left Mitra speechless. The baby in the womb of Sheikh's daughter was declared dead by a hospital doctor. But at a private hospital two days later, she gave birth to a healthy child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11596439", "title": "Police bust piracy unit, seize porn CDs", "text": "TRICHY: The anti-video piracy cell in Trichy district has seized 5,000 CDs and DVDs of new Tamil films, as well as 1000 pornography movies. Three persons have been arrested from a house in Keelakondaiyam Pettai in the raid.The raid was carried out by a police team led by inspector M Periyasamy on Saturday evening in a house in Keelakondaiyan Pettai owned by Arockiasamy, who was in no way related with the racket. During the raid, the police found the house was functioning as a mini factory for such CDs and DVDs.H Nasser (26), S Noorul Ameen (24) and S Basheer (24) were busy making CDs and DVDs, for which they used eight writers, five UPS, one CD player, CD covers and one TV set.All the three were from Alwar Thoppu in Trichy and were working for a salary in the unit. However, the owner of the unit Abdullah of Alwar Thoppu was not there during the search and is absconding.Meanwhile, interrogation of the three revealed that they supplied the CDs in and around Trichy as well as in neighbouring districts for about one-and-a-half months, said Periyasamy.Though the exact value of the seized items was not ascertained, the approximate value would run into Rs 5 lakh, he added.Later, the police registered a case against the four men including Abdullah and arrested the trio. They were then produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11594352", "title": "Traditional 'pattal' loses out to convenient plastic", "text": "VARANASI: Plates, spoons and glasses made of thermocol and plastic are widely used to serve food in weddings and other functions. The traditional 'pattals' (plates made of dry leaves) seems to be going out of fashion although they are biodegradable.Anil Kumar , a seller of disposable plates in Mehmoorganj says: \"In functions like weddings, a person has to buy some 800 disposable plates and glasses made of thermocol and plastics to serve food to the guests.\"Nirmala, who also sells disposable plates in Chetganj, says: \"With the beginning of wedding season, the sale of such plates and glasses reaches up to 15,000 pieces per day whereas the traditional 'pattal' (plates made of dry leaves) are only purchased once in a blue moon with 100-200 plates in one go.\"If these data are to be believed, one can clearly understand the threat being posed to the environment by these non-biodegradable plates as well as the loss being inflicted upon tribal people engaged in preparing pattal and other utensils made of leaves.According to Suraj Singh , another trader of plastic and earthen bowls, the cost of disposable plates presently is Rs 140 for 100 pieces while pattals cost Rs 100 for 100 pieces. At the same time, kulhads (earthen bowls) cost Rs 700 for 1,000 pieces and disposable glasses can be purchased for Rs 300 for 1,000 pieces.\"Even though the rate is higher for disposable plates, these are more popular because customer finds them convenient, easier to handle and eat in them, and they do not get damaged easily like pattals,\" adds Suraj.According to these retailers, during the wedding season, the sale of the disposable plates and glasses increases to 60% as compared to regular season.\"Plastic plates are preferred to serve snacks, lunch, dinner when guests start gathering at home for a function. We collect all the plates in one big plastic bag and throw them outside in a dustbin, saving lot of time which otherwise would be spent in washing the dishes. As far as pattals are concerned, they seem to outdated,\" says Rohan Mittal, a customer at one of these shops in Mehmoorganj.A large number of potters and tribal people from Chandauli, Mirzapur, Lohta, Pandeypur, Daranagar who are engaged in preparing pattals and kulhads are facing difficulty in earning a living as their business is going down day by day.\"Who wants to eat in a pattal nowadays. We have stopped making them as it takes a lot of time and appropriate leaves are also difficult to get from the jungles,\" says Beni Prasad, a resident of Chetganj who has closed down his business of preparing pattals. According to shopkeeper Anil Kumar, the pattals are only purchased by people for the purpose of some religious rituals before the wedding.However, according to Sunil Srivastava, another caterer, people appreciate fine earthen cups as the aroma of the kulhads (eathen cups) adds a delightful taste to the servings. \"Unlike regular kulhads and bowls, these are prepared specially for parties and structured finely by potters in the villages. After that the shopkeepers paint beautiful designs and patterns with golden and silver colours on them,\" says Vijay Kumar , who sells plastic and earthen cups in Aurangabad.\"The decorated earthen bowls and cups serving soups, chats, tea, coffee, lassi and flavoured milk in wedding parties and ceremonies are popularising the folk culture and are giving an elite touch to hospitality,\" shares Ganesh Agrawal, who runs catering services for parties in the city.These kulhads have also become popular in some restaurants and eating joints. According to Anil Kumar, a shopkeeper of earthen bowls and plastic plates, some hotels and group of people who prefer pattals to serve local dishes to guests are buying designer pattals which are being transported from Assam, Orissa, Manipur, Arunachal. \"These pattals look different from traditional ones and cost around Rs 300 for 100 pieces,\" says Anil.Meanwhile, it is worth mentioning here that in a city that produces nearly 650 MT of solid waste every day, the disposal of used disposable plates and glasses is threatening the environment. Huge of piles of garbage comprising great amount of used plates and glasses can been seen during wedding seasons at many areas of the city.However, the Varanasi Nagar Nigam ( VNN) has not sought any measures to regulate the consumptions of disposable utensils in the city till date. When municipal commissioner Rajendra Singh was contacted if any separate waste management plan was designed to control the use of disposable plates and glasses, he said there was no such planning or regulation at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601712", "title": "I wanted to break north south divide: Dr.L Subramanium", "text": "Dr. L Subramanium is one of those musicians who have transgressed all the boundaries that existed in the music world.Whether one belongs to the north or the south, there is none who doesn't know the legendary Indian violinist who has made his own space in Carnatic music world. But the man is on a bigger mission than just conquering the musical limits.Touring the nation for a string of concert he does in memory of his father, Dr. L Subramanium wishes to break the divide between northern and southern music that still exists in India. He says, \"There was too much of a north south divide which is what I wanted to break through these concerts that bring global music to the Indian audience. We bring exotic instruments from various parts of the world and create separate compositions keeping the instrument in mind.\"He adds, \"Although global music has been in India for some time now, but we want to create a better awareness for it, bringing wider audience to this form of the music, which has much to offer to the music lovers.\"We say, cheers to an endeavor that promises to give much to relish to the music lovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597092", "title": "Pargat returns to nursery of hockey", "text": "Hockey is the biggest issue for us this election,\" says Surinder Pal Singh, whose son Ravi Paul Singh is the only player from Sansarpur in the Indian team these days. Like many others, Surinder is waiting for Olympian and former Indian hockey captain Pargat Singh for his election meeting in the village on Sunday evening.Pargat, who is the SAD candidate from Jalandhar cantonment, speaks about hockey while seeking votes from villagers. Calling Sansarpur the 'Mecca of hockey', he says as sports director of Punjab, his first priority was to lay astroturf in the village.Apart from voters, several budding hockey and football players listen intently to Pargat as he keenly recalls his days when he used to play in the grounds of Sansarpur.Bhupinder Singh Kular, a professor at Jamia Milia Islamia University and an author, says Sansarpur is home to 306 hockey players, including 14 Olympians. Presenting his latest Punjabi book 'Hockey Da Ghar Sansarpur' to Pargat, Kular exhorts villagers to vote for the former captain.Bhag Singh and Harbhajan Singh, both former players, say everybody is rising above party lines to support Pargat, rather hockey. Bhag Singh's nephew Bindi Kular has twice been member of Canadian hockey Olympic team. \"Relatives from across the world want us to support Pargat,\" he says.SGPC member Paramjit Singh Raipur, who is accompanying Pargat in the village that has around 5,000 votes, tells the residents that the Olympian must be given an advantage.Devinder Singh, a hockey player, tells Pargat that the village requires a bigger ground. Along with hockey, football is also an issue here. Team coach Lucky Bains ask the sportsman to promote football too.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "11596396", "title": "Fishermen attacked again, 200 boats damaged", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Fishermen from Rameswaram who ventured into the sea on Saturday morning came under heavy attack, allegedly by the Sri Lankan Navy. Nine fishermen were also taken by the Sri Lankan naval personnel and held in Talaimannar area.About 600 boats ventured into the sea on Saturday morning and while they were fishing near the international maritime boundary in the afternoon, personnel from the island navy came there and began to pelt stones at the fishermen. The attack resulted in the damage to more than 200 boats. The Sri Lankan Navy later started chasing the Indian fishermen and allegedly climbed into their boats. They also beat up the fishermen and damaged the fishing nets. Fearing for their lives, the Indian fishermen fled to the shore for safety.Unfortunately, two boats were apprehended by the Sri Lankan Navy, as the engines developed a snag, the fishermen said. The boats, belonging to Bose and Ramu were towed away. Nine fishermen - Chinnian, Malaichamy, Tamilselvan, Selvam, Rajamanickam, Packia Joseph, Mariappan, Vijyakumar and Ramu were taken into custody, they added.Twenty-three fishermen sustained minor injuries in the incident. Interestingly, the fishermen have not preferred a complaint with the authorities. The attack came as a shock to the fishermen community in the region, as external affairs minister S M Krishna raised the issue with his counterparts during his visit last week to Colombo.Informed sources said that negotiations are underway and the fishermen and the boats held by the Sri Lankan navy will be released by Monday morning.A local leader from the fishermen community seeking anonymity said that the main reason behind the attacks were due to use of banned nets to erode the Sri Lankan marine wealth. \"Few fishermen use banned high power boats and banned nets. When they are caught in the act, they will pay the meagre fine amount while their catch will amount to lakhs,\" he said.\"All this attacking and chasing is part of the Sri Lankan Navy protecting the marine wealth for their fishermen. Unfortunately, whenever they chase our boats, the innocent fishermen and boats are held, as the original culprits whizz past in their high-power boats,\" he claimed.\"This practice of Indian fishermen using banned nets to erode sea wealth should be put to an end and the Sri Lankan fishermen were very particular about it during the peace talks held earlier,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11594701", "title": "No respite from chill till R-Day, cloudy days ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: There may not be much respite from cold till at least Republic Day.With a western disturbance having affected the western Himalayan region from Sunday, Met officials were hesitant in making an exact prediction but said it could be cloudy from Monday till about the middle of the week.Cold westerly winds have been freezing northwest India since the past few days. The minimum temperature that was less than 6 degrees since Wednesday, climbed slightly to 6.8 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal on Sunday. However, under the influence of winds coming from the snow-capped Himalayas, Delhiites experienced quite a chilly morning.The maximum temperature went down slightly from Saturday to settle at 18 degrees, three degrees below normal. Delhi has been witnessing below normal maximum temperatures since last Tuesday.\"The impact of western disturbance over the western Himalayan region was felt a day earlier than anticipated. However, till Sunday evening the moisture levels were not very high. There is a 50% chance of fog on Monday morning. If the wind will become easterly, then moisture can be expected and there will be greater chances of fog. Temperatures for the next few days should remain more or less the same,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.On Sunday, shallow fog was witnessed in the morning over isolated pockets of Haryana, Delhi and west Uttar Pradesh.Under the impact of western disturbance, rain and snow will be experienced over a few places in the western Himalayan region for a day after which conditions will intensity. Rain and thundershowers can be expected in one or two places in the plains of northwest India for a couple of days after which the weather should turn dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595755", "title": "House where Shakespeare of Marathi lived lies in a shambles", "text": "NAGPUR: On Monday, as students of Marathi literature pay homage to Ram Ganesh Gadkari - called Shakespeare of Marathi literature - on his death anniversary, his house in Saoner district will be shedding quiet tears. Though declared a state protected monument in 1986, the place where Gadkari wrote plays like Ekach Pyala is a picture of neglect and may even be in danger of collapse.Gadkari died at age 34 and could complete just four plays. He will forever be remembered but it would be no thanks to state archaeological department, entrusted with the task of looking after the memorial. A social worker Mohan Karemore has even moved Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court praying for immediate attention to the historic monument but government authorities have failed to wake up.The three-storey memorial situated on the state highway is barely visible. Even a glance from outside reflects a sorry state of affairs. The building is dilapidated due to lack of maintenance. The lone sweeper to care for it left six months ago as the government failed to pay him. Since then, filth and muck have accumulated in the place that should be a shrine for all those who love Marathi and literature.Foul smell hits you at the entrance. Pigs and dogs wander in the filthy surroundings without hindrance. The plants in the garden near the main gate have dried up. Wooden doors and pillars are infested with termites and may collapse any time. Wooden flooring on two floors is also decaying. The well in the backside is hidden by the bushes while the roof is falling, making it dangerous for the visitors.The only person working at the monument is guide Hansraj Mishra, the only hope for hundreds of students and visitors who stop over at the memorial located on the banks of Kolar river. To add to woes, the memorial remains unguarded in evening once Mishra leaves for home, putting at risk the prestigious pictures and memorabilia. Moreover, there are no fire extinguishers in a house full of wooden planks.According to activists of Ram Ganesh Gadkari Memorial Sangharsh Samiti, the state archaeology department had renovated the house in 2009 by spending lakhs of rupees. However, most of the work done was of inferior quality which resulted in fast deterioration of the memorial, they allege.The Ram Ganesh Gadkari Memorial Sangharsh Samiti has moved the high court to ensure the upkeep of Gadkari's Saoner residence.\"If 20 students stand on the first floor, it will collapse,\" says Kishor Dhundiwale, vice-president of the samiti. He claimed that \"The archaeology department officials pocketed the money meant for maintenance of the memorial\". \"The site is visited by people from various strata of life, including those from the judiciary. But politicians from Vidarbha hardly visit the place,\" Karemore said, adding that former PWD minister Ranjeet Deshmukh had inaugurated the renovated memorial on December 10, 1990.Gaurav Belsare, a young lawyer pleading Karemore's PIL, said that Thane Municipal Council had built a drama theatre in Gadkari's name in 1979 while his statue has been installed in Sambhaji Park in Pune.But the politicians from the region have no time for the literary genius who belonged to Vidarbha, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596150", "title": "Civic meet to focus on cutting carbon footprint", "text": "CHENNAI: Madurai is set to follow New Delhi and take steps to ensure that the city's carbon footprint remains small.The temple city has been selected with Mysore to develop low-carbon urban solutions as part of a pilot project funded by the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office's Prosperity Fund. The Low-Carbon Cities Programme will develop 'low-carbon models' to reduce carbon emissions and check pollution.The master plan of the project will be discussed at Chennai Municipalika, an event to be organised by the British High Commission in the city from Monday.Chennai Municipalika will feature various models of sustainable infrastructure. Atkins, the British firm that develops low-carbon technology, has already held a meeting with Madurai local planning authority, Madurai Municipal Corporation, Madurai district collector and commissioner of municipal administration, Chennai.According to senior officials of the state municipal administration department, Madurai is on its way to becoming a low-carbon city that will keep a tight lid on greenhouse gases. \"City bodies will get economic incentives for alternative energy sources and low carbon projects,\" the official said.Senior officials of Madurai Municipal Corporation said they expect economic and social benefits from the implementation of low-carbon technologies. \"It is all about CO2 savings and cutting carbon emissions. We expect a complete redesign in the city based on population density, layout of commercial areas, transportation networks, location-specific frequency of vehicle movement and waste generation,\" one official said.Atkins head of environmental planning Jitesh Brahmkshatriya said is the project's main aim to reduce carbon emission intensity. \"We have already completed preliminary data collection about emissions, waste management and the distribution of water sources in Madurai. The land use pattern of urban areas is being analysed and a source book that documents the environment status of city will be brought out first. We are helping the local administration with low carbon tools that suggest scientific solutions to improve quality of life,\" he said.The project, meant to develop 'liveable' cities, has chosen Madurai and Mysore for the pilot project as they are among India's rapidly growing Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. Brahmkshatriya said his company, which is currently engaged in the environment management of the London Olympics 2012, has helped develop low-carbon models including Birmingham and Dubai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596743", "title": "Dahanu tribals oppose dam plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The submergence of 853 hectares of land-on which 13 hamlets stand-for a dam on the River Susari at Ramshet in Dahanu is threatening to become the focus of an agitation.The project, which will cost Rs 390 crore, is being undertaken by the state government to provide drinking water to Vasai-Virar and is one of several in the region. Residents of the tribal hamlets and activists are questioning the very concept of submerging land to make way for drinking water projects.Activist for tribal rights, Brian Lobo of the Kashtakari Sanghatana, who was speaking at a seminar on land issues in development at St Andrew's College, Bandra, said they have formed Susari Dharan Virodhi Sangarsh Samiti comprising residents and members of several political parties. Last week, the samiti met chief minister,Prithviraj Chavan in this regard. Lobo said the delegation had impressed upon the CM that alternate methods should be used for development.\"In Vasai-Virar, ponds which have dried up can be revived and wells which have been filled up can be reopened. Besides, rainwater harvesting can be started in most areas. Why should adivasis suffer? Why must their traditional habitats be submerged to make way for drinking water supply in Vasai-Virar,\" he asked.\"We will have a meeting shortly to chart out a future course of action. We believe that semi-urban areas like Vasai-Virar could do with alternate methods of obtaining drinking water which have not been tried out so far. Officials of the MumbaiMetropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) said they will provide Rs 4,731 crore for the construction of two dams on Poshir and Kalu rivers in Thane district to provide water to the region in future. MMRDA officials said in most projects, there was opposition by locals who opposed the takeover of their lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11595708", "title": "4 injured in mob violence at Uppinangady", "text": "MANGALORE: Four persons, including a police official, suffered injuries when a crowd went berserk pelting stones after some alleged provocative speeches were made at the Hindu Samajotsava at Uppinangady on Sunday.The injured have been identified as Ganesh, Yatish, Keshava and Shamshuddin, who have suffered either fracture or head injuries due to stone pelting and the violence that followed after. Subrahmanya sub inspector Sunil Kumar also suffered injuries injuries on his face and arms.Police resorted to lathicharge at various places after the mob went berserk in Uppinangady town. Sources said that though the situation is under control, stone pelting was reported in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11597168", "title": "Arunachal to be promoted as wellness destination", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Centre is exploring new ways to promote Arunachal Pradesh as a wellness destination for tourists. With pristine surroundings, salubrious environment and rich repository of traditional medicines, tourism officials believe that Arunachal Pradesh has all that it takes to become popular with travellers from across the country.\"Arunachal Pradesh - with its rich wildlife, cultural richness and pristine landscape - has the potential to attract tourists interested in wildlife, adventure, ecologu or culture. As wellness tourism is becoming popular in the country, Arunachal can successfully be promoted as a complete destination,\" a tourism official said.With 68% of Arunachal Pradesh's geographical area covered by forests, wildlife, eco-tourism and adventure tourism are other niche products that could be marketed. However, experts said that inadequate infrastructure and lack of proper marketing are some of the major hurdles in exploiting Arunachal's tourism potential.And with an increasing number of well-heeled travellers looking out for rejuvenating holidays and alternative healthcare destinations, the state has all that it needs. \"The state's ethnic groups have a rich tradition in folk medicines. And its green surroundings and pristine landscape are perfect to package the place as wellness tourism product,\" the official said.Prepared by Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) in 2010, the tourism development plan for Arunachal Pradesh also emphasisesoon the state's potential to emerge as a global destination for indigenous healthcare.\"The pristine, pollution-free environment of Arunachal Pradesh, along with its repertoire of traditional medicines, provide the right combination to be the wellness-cum-rejuvenation destination for tourists seeking to experience indigenous medicines of the tribal communities,\" INTACH said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11596266", "title": "College student accuses professor of rape", "text": "RAJKOT: A 20-year-old college student has alleged that her professor had repeatedly raped her since September 15, 2010 by threatening that if she did not give in to his wishes then he would not award her internal marks in the examinations.The victim on Saturday filed a complaint at A division police station against Paras Karia, a professor at A V Parekh Technical Institute (AVPTI) in the city, Paras's father Vinod Karia and mother Rashmi Karia.Police said Aditi (name changed), a native of Bhavnagar and a third semester student of diploma in computer engineering, has alleged that she had been raped at different places by Paras Karia.Aditi, who stays in a hostel at Astron Chowk, alleged that the accused had threatened that if she did not surrender to his wishes, then he will not give her internal marks during the examinations. The victim also alleged that he had promised her that he will would marry her.Police have filed a complaint against the accused under various sections of Indian Penal Code including 376, 506(2) and 114. The complaint says that Paras Karia, a resident of Tirupatinagar on Riaya Road, had also called the victim to his house in the presence of his parents and raped her. The accused had often taken her to his house and committed the crime. He once took her to Government College's quarters and raped her there, the complaint adds.When the girl's parents came to know about the incident, they approached Paras' parents with a marriage proposal. However, they rejected the proposal and threatened them of dire consequences. The complaint also says that the victim attempted suicide upon her rejection by the accused.\"We have filed the complaint and are investigating the case. We raided the house of the accused on Saturday evening but it was found locked,'' said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11595478", "title": "Put behind worries about long queues for train ticket", "text": "INDORE: Stop losing sleep over the prospect of standing in long queue to buy general ticket of train. One can soon take it either from four ticket booking centres in the city or from even other stations.The railway has decided to start 26 new ticket booking centre, including four in Indore under Ratlam Division. The four centres will be in different parts of the city.Railway public relation officer Pradeep Sharma said process to start new centres in cities has been initiated and people who are interested in starting the centre can send application till February first week.The new service, aimed at providing relief to daily and general passengers will cut time for passengers waiting for their turn to reach general ticket window at railway stations.Most of the people who travel in general class are regular, short distance passengers. The new service will save the time of commuters and make their journey stress-free to an extent. Any one can apply for the new centre by making security deposit of Rs 5,000 and bank guarantee of Rs 20,000. The permission to run the centre will be given for three years and it can be renewed after paying new fee. An agent can get an additional centre if he managed to sell out more than 800 tickets in a month.Maximum of four centres will be opened in Indore, followed by 3 in Ratlam. Meghnagar, Dahod, Chitor and Jawra will have two centres each. Ujjain, Nagda, Mandsaur, Dewas, Sehore, Mhow, Shajapur, Neemuch, Rajendra Nagar and Pipliya will have one centre each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599320", "title": "Another marriage for Haripriya!", "text": "Haripriya got married again. This time though, it was a simple register marriage in the court.Before you get shocked, we're talking about her weddings on screen of course. The actress told us that she recently shot for her wedding scene in her Malayalam debut flick Thiruvambadi Thamban opposite the Mollywood star Jayaram.The actress jokes, \"I don't know how many times I'll get married in my films. But this time though, I didn't have a lavish ceremony so I couldn't inform people about it.\" The actress is currently shooting for this film in the picturesque locales of Kanyakumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11596113", "title": "Rapid response unit to tackle man-animal conflict in Chanda district", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Thanks to the well-equipped vehicles furnished by Wildlife Conservation Trust (WCT), forest department here has established a rapid response unit (RRU) to tackle the raging man-animal conflict in Chandrapur district. The first of its kind unit in Maharashtra has been kept at the disposal of Chandrapur forest division.Chandrapur is the epicentre of man-animal conflict since last many years. While dozens of people have lost their lives in predator's attacks, high number of tigers and leopards have either died or been captured in the forests here. In light of rising man-animal conflict, WCT recently provided two vehicles equipped with the equipments and tools needed to handle stressed animals and crisis situation to TATR management last month. Department has handed over one of the vehicles to Chandrapur forest division, while other one has been kept for TATR. Chandrapur forest division, however, proved quick in instituting a RRU that would respond to the emergencies related to man-animal conflict.DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar said, \"Each vehicle is equipped with GPS, walkie-talkie, night vision binoculars, folding tents, sleeping bags, tranquillizing gun, small generator, helmets and first aid kits for every member of the team. The RRU comprises seven members having expertise in handling stressed animals and emergencies arising out of man-animal conflict. This unit would rush to the crisis site and help the local foresters in tackling the situation.\"He informed that the members of RRU have been picked from the forest cadre trained in various workshops related to man-animal conflict. Kalyankumar elucidated that the RRU members would be shouldering the regular responsibilities in forest department. \"But in emergency situation, they would leave the work at hand and rush with the RRU vehicle to the crisis site. While their expertise would help the local officers to handle the stressed animal, their presence would also pacify the local mob that at times turns violent,\" he said.He informed that RRU is well-equipped with equipments for camping in the troubled areas till the crisis is resolved. High-tech gadgets GPS, night vision binoculars etc provided to the unit would help it in tracking and tackling the troubled animal. With first vehicle already in hand, the second RRU is coming up in TATR soon.Forest department plans to set up similar RRUs in Bramhapuri division in coming days. \"A proposal regarding one more RRU has already been forwarded. The vehicle needed for it is expected in couple of months. This new unit would be instituted at Bramhapuri division,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11596122", "title": "Kidnapping accused assaults cop, caught fleeing", "text": "MARGAO: Accused in a kidnapping case registered at Andheri police station, Mumbai, Constancio alias Concy Fernandes from Curtorim, fractured his leg while trying to flee after attacking a police sub-inspector.Police sources said that the Andheri police had come down to Goa in search of Concy in connection with the kidnapping case registered in 2010. The Andheri police accompanied by a team of the Maina Curtorim police, went to his house at Raloi, Curtorim, on Sunday.On seeing the police, Concy turned violent and attacked PSI Suraj Samant with a fist blow. He bolted out of the house through the back door. While fleeing, Constancio fell in the fields and was caught. He was later admitted to Hospicio Hospital, Margao, as he sustained a fracture in one of his legs, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11596982", "title": "US miffed as Israel hints at unilateral strike on Iran N-sites", "text": "LONDON: Israel could launch a unilateral strike on Iran's nuclear facilities without much prior notice to its closest ally for over 60 year, US, according to information reaching here from Tel Aviv .While the Israeli leadership has signaled support for US president Barack Obama in his re-election bid by urging Jewish voters in America to vote for him, Israel's defence minister Ehud Barak is said to have told general Martin Dempsey , chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff, that Israel will give the US no more than 12 hours notice before it ventures to demolish Iran's nuclear installations.Barak's message to Dempsey followed what Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu had told Obama: that an early warning of Israel's intentions would not be available to the US. The Israeli army's elite 35th Paratroopers Brigade is training for a longrange operation for some time, so as to be prepared for military action against Iran's nuclear plants.Expressing its displeasure at the non-cooperation , US has cancelled a joint antimissile exercise with Israel, which had been planned for April. On Monday, foreign ministers of the EU are expected to ban Iranian oil imports as part of efforts to tighten sanctions on Tehran .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596788", "title": "Spl narcotics court lets jailed man seal divorce", "text": "MUMBAI: A special narcotics court recently came to the rescue of a divorcing couple. It directed the production of an accused before the family court to secure his freedom from matrimony. The family court in Bandra had sought personal presence of a jailed husband, but rejected an application to secure or dispense with it.The family court on Thursday thus witnessed an unusual scene where a 32-year-old man arrived in a police van escorted by four constables and a police sub-inspector to sign his final consent for his own divorce. Dadar resident Ajay Lavande (name changed), it turned out, had been arrested last August in a narcotics case two months after he and his wife had filed a joint divorce petition on the grounds of irreversible breakdown of their three-year-old love marriage. The charge was of possessing drugs in commercial quantity. Both had appeared in court initially and met the counselor too. With the six months cooling-off period over, the two were expected to appear for filing their final consent in January.The family court did not accept a plea to allow an affidavit of the incarcerated husband and asked the worried wife, Vinita (name changed), to approach a \"proper forum\" for ensuring his presence. She and her lawyer, Rina Pujara, then rushed to the special judge under the NDPS Act I M Bohari at the sessions court premises who held that the circumstance \"warranted production of the accused\" before the family court for signing his affidavit and other documents. The trip from jail to family court, however, cost him over Rs 6,500 as \"escort charges\".Advocate Pujara said the divorce was granted but the case threw up a significant issue of the necessity of personal presence even after both husband and wife had appeared earlier and about the authority to issue summons. She had cited a 2010 ruling by the Orissa HC, which held that in mutual consent cases under the Hindu Marriage Act, family courts should not take as mandatory the section that contemplates personal hearing of parties, if affidavits consenting to the mutual consent divorce have been filed and other legal formalities completed.Veteran divorce lawyer Mridula Kadam said couples often face procedural impediments. \"Different judges follow a different procedure making it difficult for litigants,\" she said. But personal presence is required at least once, said several lawyers.The Lavandes marriage ended, but the parting turned tender when the new ex-husband pleaded with his wife not to remarry. She in turn asked the lawyer to help with the criminal case too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595858", "title": "Luminaries light up HC bldg", "text": "NAGPUR: The premises of the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court remain deserted on Sundays, but this Sunday was different. A galaxy of legal luminaries from across the state descended on its historic premises to celebrate not one but three events - completion of Bombay High Court's 150 years, concluding ceremony of Nagpur bench's platinum jubilee celebrations, and golden jubilee of Nagpur bench's formation after Nagpur was separated from the erstwhile Central Provinces and Berar.The edifice was lit up to mark the occasion. Among the guests on Sunday were Supreme Court judge RM Lodha, former SC judge Vikas Sirpurkar, chief justice Mohit Shah,Kolkata HC CJ JN Patel, senior administrative judges PB Majmudar and DK Deshmukh, Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa chairman Anil Singh, and vice chairman A Deshmukh. Portraits of former chief justice of India Mohammed Hidyatullah and former SC judges AP Sen and JR Mudholkar were unveiled in the high court building. Speaking before the unveiling, HCBA president Anil Mardikar said the portraits of these luminaries would serve as beacons for young lawyers and students.While highlighting the HCBA's achievements over the years, he also spoke of challenges ahead, including the lack of space for budding lawyers at the Nagpur bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11596593", "title": "Indian quiz contest held", "text": "Indian questNorth Zonal Cultural Centre organizes Indian quiz contest 'Bharat Ko Jano, Bharat Ko Pehchano' wherein 35 questions will be asked from the participants and each question will have a prize winner. The questions will be related to Indian art and culture, its history and geography. This event is open for all. Kalagram, Chandigarh | Sunday, January 29, 7pmMusicRhythmic SpringChandigarh Sangeet Natak Akademi will organize its two-day sixth annual \"Aai Basant Bahar\" programme at Tagore Theatre, Sector 18.String and DanceDay One will feature Rakesh Parsanna, disciple of Ustad Amjad Ali Khan on sarod and Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Purskar Awardee of Central Sangeet Natak Akademi of this year. Also, Arushi Mudgal will present Oddisi dance performance.Friday, January 27, 6.30pmVocal ClassBhuvanesh Komkali, grandson of Kumar Gandharva and son of Mukul Shivputra will present classical vocal recital. M Venkatesh Kumar, who has been selected for his contribution to Indian classical music for Sangeet Natak Akademi's award this year, will finish the festival with his recital.Saturday, January 28, 6.30pmWinter's StageSeventh Winter National Theatre Festival organized by Theatre for Theatre (TFT) group is being held at Punjab Kala Bhawan, Sector 16. The festival will showcase varied themes and treatments by a range of directors. Entry to the event is free. This week's plays are:Three Tales\"Triyatra\" is a TFT production directed by Sudesh Sharma. It is a dramatization of three stories written by Madan Rakesh, Madan Lal Spatu and Moini. These stories are based on problems faced by the elderly.Tuesday January 24, 6.30pmOld Style\"Roop Aroop\" is a nautanki by Shabadkaar Art and Cultural Society. It has been directed by Tripurari Sharma. It is the story of an actor who acts in nautanki. A Delhi-based award-winning theatre actor, Happy Ranajit, will play the role of Roopmati. The play looks at what happens when women set foot on stage and start performing.Wednesday January 25, 6.30pmParsai's Humour\"Nithilay Ki Diary\" is a comedy play by Vivechna Rang Mandal. The play has been written by Harishankar Parsai and directed by Arun Pandey.Thursday January 26, 6.30pmComedic Procession\"Gadhey Ki Barat\", a comic production by Saptak Cultural Society, has been directed by Vishwadeepak Trikha. Its writer is Hari Bhai Wadgounkar. The play links the life of a king of earlier days with that of a politician of the present.Friday, January 27, 6.30pmRussian PerformanceThe play \"Hum Tum\" has been directed by Suresh Bhardwaj from the Aaakaar Kala Sangam Group. The story is based on Arbuzov's Original Russian Play, \"Old World\".Saturday, January 28, 6.30pmFaiz's ActWritten and directed by Ramji Bali, \"Mujh Se Pehli Si Mere Mehboob Mohabbat Na Mang\", is a poetic play by Theatre Wala's and is based on the life of Pakistani poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz . The play highlights a period of significant struggle for the poet.Sunday, January 29, 6.30pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587723", "title": "I want to be India\u2019s girl next door: Amrita Rao", "text": "The actor, who is slated to be in town today, says that the priority for her has never been to win the race but to continue doing what she love doing without compromizing on her comfort zone.What brings you to the city this time around? Surprisingly, each time I've been to Kolkata, it has been for one award or the other. Last time, my performance in \"Vivaah\" had won me an award. And this time around, I will be getting the Best Actress award for \"Love U...Mr. Kalakaar!\" Fact is, it always pays to be a Rajshree heroine. During this trip, I intend to win not only award but also the hearts of Kolkatans (laughs).Any plans in store? It'll be a day's trip. But I've instructed my friends to get me rosogollas and mishti doi for me. The best part of it all? I can dig into tonnes of it and yet not put on an ounce.Careerwise, ever thought of testing the Tolly waters? Years back, I was offered a film by Aparna Sen, which did not happen as I had date issues. I was juggling dates for three Hindi films. But Rahul Bose is a good friend of mine and I did manage to watch his \"The Japanese Wife\". But I've never really asked him to put in a word to directors on my behalf though I love the language, food and culture here. You see, I have a Bengal connect. My great-grandfather and grandfather worked very closely with Netaji in the INA.What's keeping you busy in Bollywood? I am filming my next with Boman Irani and Arshad Warsi . All I can reveal for now is that it's an intriguing and funny subject. I instantly agreed to come on board.But why this lull careerwise? For me, the priority has never been to win the race but to continue doing what I love doing without compromizing on my comfort zone or value system. I am going slow and steady. I'm happy with my work. In fact, I think \"Love U...\" saw me as a better performer.What do you mean by 'comfort zone'? I'll never kiss or do lovemaking scenes on screen. As far as it comes to sporting a bikini in films, let me clarify that I'm not against the trend. But I speak for myself. It is subject to individual discretion. And as long as you are happy doing what you do, everything else is secondary.Is that why you are stereotyped as the girl next door, forever? It is. But I take this to be the biggest compliment in the middle of this glam industry. I want to be India's girl next door, not the prototype, the behenji, but one who is smart, intelligent, has a sense of humour and is the life of a party. I want to show that the girl next door can be desirable too.Okay. Going back to the Barjatyas and their banner then, news is Salman will be back as Sooraj Barjatya's Prem. Will you be part of that venture? (Laughs) I am known as their ghar ki heroine. But the way Soorajji functions, he always gets his script in place and music ready before he approaches an actor. For \"Vivaah\" too Soorajji had said, 'Amrita I want you on board. Do you also want to be part of the project?' They never exploit the fact that they are the Barjatyas. Considering how busy an actor Salman is, he must have been kept in the loop since the beginning.Don't you wish you are part of the film? I am hoping the call will come.Coming to microblogging, every actor is laying bare their thoughts, words and actions on it. But you don't seem to let your guard down here too... For me, this is a direct medium to connect with my fans. As actors, we usually communicate via journalists except for the electronic medium. But there too, the questions are predecided. Microblogging helps me express my candid thoughts. As far as settling scores or campaigning through the site is concerned, I feel change happens when you want it to happen. I might have expressed my opinions on twitter but I've never tried to be influential.Some time back, there was news that you are seeing someone. There was no truth to those stories. I am single and ready to mingle.But how exactly did you manage to remain so? I believe in destiny. And the best things in life have happened to me as they were destined to be so. I know the person will come at the right time and I'll follow my heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596577", "title": "Chandigarh-Amritsar Duronto timings likely to change: Railways", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The current schedule of Duronto Express could soon be changed by Ambala division of Northern Railways, which is contemplating coming up with new timings for the train that runs between Chandigarh and Amritsar.According to officials, complaints by passengers about the \"unreasonable\" current arrival time of 9.30am and departure time of 7pm from Chandigarh is the main reason which has forced authorities to rethink.Sources at Ambala divisional headquarters stated that a large number of complaints and suggestions regarding the existing timings had been received by the office and that authorities are planning to do something concrete about it as a report had been filed on the train, to be presented in New Delhi headquarters at the end of the current month.The train leaves from Amritsar at the crack of dawn - 5am - for Chandigarh. It returns from Chandigarh at 7pm and reaches Amritsar at almost midnight a?? 11.30pm. \"Such a schedule does not favour passengers whose sole purpose to visit Amritsar is to pay their respects at the Golden Temple as they would have to spend the night there and then start their trip back very early in the morning. The matter is slated to be discussed in the next meeting scheduled for the end of the month in New Delhi,\" an official told TOI.Authorities at Chandigarh railway station state that though many passengers had conveyed their disapproval of the timings of the train, they could do only as much as forward the written suggestions and complaints of passengers to higher authorities in Ambala.Chandigarh railway station superintendent Praveen Kumar said, \"We have been regularly forwarding written complaints and suggestions to senior authorities in Ambala and have been monitoring the occupancy of the said train, which is at about 50% on weekdays and around 70% on weekends. We believe that the occupancy would rise considerably if the timings are changed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594561", "title": "Deleting data won\u2019t save income tax evaders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gone are the days when during an income-tax (I-T) raid one could delete emails or records of clandestine transactions from a laptop or incriminating smses from cellphones and feel safe. The I-T department sleuths in the city will soon be armed with gadgets that can recover deleted data from tax evaders' electronic devices.The income tax department will soon have its own cyber forensics laboratory with data mining facilities which will allow deleted files and emails from assesses' computer and cellphone to be recovered.The department has such facilities in Delhi and Mumbai that have helped officials retrieve information about hundreds of crores of transactions which were deleted by the tax evader over a period or hours before the raid.\"We have sent a proposal for budget approval to Central Board Of Direct Taxes (CBDT) for setting up a cyber forensics and training laboratory at Ahmedabad. We have requested Rs 2 crore for the laboratory which will not only help officials investigate tax evasion cases but also help in training of new officer,\" said director income-tax, Regional Training Institute (RTI) Abhay Damle. He added that the laboratory will be useful to officials in the entire state for post-search investigations.Sources said that with finance minister's indication about setting up such laboratories in different cities, CBDT will most likely allocate budget for setting up the facility before March this year.\"Cyber tools have come handy to the I-T department's investigation wing which gathers intelligence and conducts searches to unearth black money. Once the laboratory is setup, officers during search will be able 'clone' data on assesses' computers including the deleted materials during a search,\" said a senior I-T official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "abuja", "code": "11596907", "title": "Indian killed in Nigeria clashes", "text": "ABUJA: A 23-year-old Indian national was killed and six of his compatriots, including two children, were injured in a wave of coordinated bombings and gun attacks in Nigeria by an Islamic sect that left more than 180 people dead.Kevalkumar Kalidas Rajput from Dahod in Gujarat, who worked for Kano-based firm M/s Relchem, was among those killed in Friday's deadly attacks, a statement issued by the High Commission of India in Nigeria said today.It said Rajput and two of his co-employees from Nepal , Hari Prasad Bhusal and Raj Singh, lost their lives when their car entered a zone of hostilities. The High Commission said six other Indian nationals , including two small children, belonging to two families have received injuries from falling shrapnel and debris and are being treated in Kano hospitals.On Friday, militants shot at residents and security personnel and bombed security services offices in Kano, the second most populated city in Nigeria. In New Delhi, external affairs minister S M Krishna condemned the deadly attacks in Kano and regretted the \"unfortunate\" loss of life. The families of the Indian killed and those injured in the attacks have been contacted by authorities.In fresh attacks, at least 11 people were killed at diverse locations of Nigeria's Bauchi state early on Sunday. Sources in Tafawa Balewa community, where the attack occurred, say the Hausa-Fulani ethnic group would be blamed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11598794", "title": "Aakash-maker to bat for 'Made in India' tablet in next tender", "text": "NEW DELHI: Datawind, the maker of the lowest priced tabl'Aakash', today said it will request the Human Resource Development Ministry to include 'Made in India' clause in the proposed tender for the low-priced device.\"Datawind successfully made the $ 49.48 tablet Aakash in India despite various pressures. We will make a request to the ministry (MHRD) that they should consider 'Made in India clause' and encourage indigenous production,\" Datawind CEO Sunit Singh Tuli told PTI.He said that the most critical components, chips and software are being designed in India and the tablet has been manufactured in India and hence there is not any reason why the tablet should be made outside India.The government plans to procure large number of low-cost computing device to leverage benefit of broadband connectivity in universities and colleges in a phased manner.The ministry, in the first phase, had issued tender to procure 1 lakh devices in the name of project 'Aakash' which was won by Datawind.\"The Assam government tender has introduced Made in India clause. I hope they (IIT Rajasthan) will also consider inter clause for this. Unless you start (manufacturing) here how would somebody start making products in India,\" Tuli said.IIT Rajasthan, located in Jodhpur, was given responsibility of procuring low-priced tablet through tender process under 'The National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technologies (NME-ICT) of the Ministry of Human Resource Development programme.The Datawind CEO expressed confidence that his company will outbid competitors in the next tender even if they make tablets outside India.\"It is the money of Indian taxpayers and is to be used for Indian students. It is for the government to decide whether they want to spend it for Indian jobs or they want to spend it on Chinese jobs. Irrespective of the final decision, I guarantee you that it will be won by company that will make product in India,\" Tuli said.Tuli said as per the information he has learnt from various conversation, next tender will be issued in other two to three weeks.When contacted, IIT Rajasthan Director Prem Kalra said that 'Made In India' needs to be clearly defined.\"Made in India has multiple definitions. PCB (circuits) is coming from China and you press components on it in India. Will it be call manufacturing in India? These are the questions which need some clear definition,\" Kalra said.HRD Minister Kapil Sibal is also Minister for Communications and IT where draft of new policies on telecom, electronics and IT are in the process of finalisation.The Proposed National Telecom Policy 2011 and National Policy on Electronics 2011 have laid special emphasis on promoting indigenous manufacturing of electronic items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11595579", "title": "People laugh their stress away at meet", "text": "MYSORE: The air was heavy with humour at Rajendra Kalamandir, the venue of Laughcon, the two-day Karnataka State Laughter Clubs convention.Hosted by the Federation of Karnataka State Laughter Clubs, the meet was filled with laughter even as it conveyed its importance in its day-to-day activities. Most of the people join laughter clubs to ease tensions and stress.Some 1,500 members from laughter clubs from all over the state gathered here for the convention. Most of the delegates were senior citizens and each had a great time. Every year the association conducts state-level convention in different parts of the state.\"Every morning we attend the laughter sessions organized in our locality. We forget our problems and tensions and spend good time. I became a member last year after my retirement. We do yoga and breathing exercise during the laughter sessions,\" said Anasuya K R, a retired teacher from Hubli.\"I have been a member from past 10 years. I attend this every morning to maintain my health. Spending an hour in the morning for this is so useful,\" says Shankar, a businessman from Bangalore.\"I completely forget my problems when I attend this. I usually don't miss even a single session. At the end of the session I recite a shloka from the Bhagavad Gita and explain its meaning. It relives stress ,\" says Vijaya Baddi, a homemaker from Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11595719", "title": "Goodbye Mangalore, will be back next time", "text": "MANGALORE: As the sun slid slowly down the horizon casting a golden hue over the sky, the flood lights dimmed on Panambur beach and the focus lights came aglow. This signalled the start of night flying of kites attempted for the first time ever in the ONGC-MRPL International Kite Festival organized by Team Mangalore. Now into the fourth edition, the night flying also indicated the end of the two-day kite festival in the coastal city.Puffing away at his Havana cigar, Raymond De Graff from the Netherlands looked a contended man. A fourth time participant at this event, Raymond was effusive in his praise for people of the city and their hospitality. \"Team Mangalore, hobby kite flyers that they are, understand the needs of kite flyers well and create the atmosphere for kite flyers from around the world to show their talents,\" he said, adding, \"I will be back for the next edition with my clothe kites.\"Seun-Jin Rhee, translator for Korean Kite Fliers Association, told TOI that they have done a bit of night kite flying back home in Korea. \"We lit a huge bonfire and flew kites in the light that emanated from the burning timber.\" Seun-Jin Rhee, extending an invitation to Team Mangalore to take part in the Uiseong Kite Festival to be held in April said they would be more than happy to come to the city to participate in the next edition of the festival as and when it is held. 'Blaming' his wife Carle, a retail manager for buying his first kite 20 years ago and fuelling a passion of flying kites, Bob Cruikshanks of the UK said, \"I have flown kites at night before in Thailand, Spain and UK. Things get better with each edition in Mangalore. The concept of night flying under spot lights is an innovative concept. The crowd here understands and respects our work and the passion that we show for this sport,\" he said.Mohammed Al-Salam, a member of Al Farsi kite flying team from Kuwait said they would love to come back to Mangalore with bigger kites in future. Appreciative of the people and the organizers, Mohammed says it is difficult for members of the team to get vacations at the same time. So can the crowd expect some delicious dates from Kuwait? No, says, Mohammed. \"We will bring bigger and bigger kites,\" he adds. Overwhelmed by the crowd response, Sarvesh Rao and Giridhar Kamath of Team Mangalore said the crowd over two days exceeded their expectations. Bala Shetty, manager of Big Cinemas was appreciative of the lost and found kids' corner . \"Three mothers went back home happier having found their kids at the counter after they were separated from their parents,\" Giridhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596310", "title": "Cops preserve blood samples, fingerprints of cyclone victim", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have preserved the blood samples and fingerprints of a 35-year-old woman who was killed when a wall collapsed on Dr Ambedkar College Road in Pulianthope during last month's Cyclone Thane.Her identity is yet to be ascertained for the state government's solatium of 2 lakh to be disbursed to her kin. \"We will hand over the money to her relatives after verifying blood samples,\" a police officer said.\"People may try to use forged documents to get the money. To prevent this, we have kept blood samples. If a relative approaches us to claim the money, we will make them undergo a DNA test after getting permission from the court. The relatives can also get the money after producing the woman's thumb impression on any records,\" a police officer said.Police published the woman's photograph in a few newspapers and put up posters but there have been no leads. \"We have asked the state crime records bureau to alert us about any woman-missing case reported in Chennai and the state on December 30 or after,\" said inspector S Charles Sam Rajadurai.Cyclone Thane hit the east coast between Cuddalore and Puducherry on December 30, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "sanaa", "code": "11596876", "title": "Saleh bids farewell, leaves Yemen", "text": "SANAA: Yemen's outgoing president Ali Abdullah Saleh left for Oman on Sunday evening on his way to US for medical treatment, Yemeni officials said.An airport official said the plane took off from Sanaa airport to neighbouring Oman, and an aide to Saleh said he would stay there for several days before heading to US.In a farewell speech before leaving, he asked his people for forgiveness. \"I will go to the US for treatment and will then return as head of the General People's Congress (GPC) party,\" the official Saba news agency quoted Saleh as saying. \"I ask for forgiveness from all my people, men and women , for any shortcomings during my 33-year-long rule.\"His departure came a day after parliament adopted a law giving Saleh \"complete\" immunity from prosecution in return for stepping down under a Gulf-brokered transition deal. The law has drawn wide condemnation from protesters , many of whom have been killed by Saleh's forces since an uprising against his rule in January 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11595465", "title": "Farmers unwilling to give up land", "text": "INDORE: The state government's plan to acquire additional land for expansion of the Pithampur industrial area has run into rough weather with the farmers refusing to part with their land. Government has proposed to acquire 804 hectares of land from 687 farmers in four villagesfor construction of Betma-Pithampur industrial cluster.The Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, which is opposing the land acquisition will hold a padyatra on January 23 which will start from Bada Ganpati in Indore and culminate at Sagore Kutee.Talking to TOI, Tapan Bhattacharya, convenor of the samiti, said that the land in question was fertile and suited for agriculture as the water table in the area too was good. Farmers are using the land for cultivation of cotton and wheat and hence they do not want to part with this land.About 15,000 people living in the four villages (namely Kalibillod, Ambapura, Ranmalbillod &amp; Salampura) will be affected once the government goes ahead with its plan of acquiring land for the construction of the industrial cluster.\"The government is offering us a compensation amount of merely Rs 3.50 lakh per bigha (1 hectare=4 bighas) as against the prevailing rate of Rs 64-65 lakh. Hence, the farmers are not keen on selling their land.\"The state industries minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya, told TOI that he promised the farmers about conducting a re-survey of the area. However, the affected farmers are not ready to buy the idea and rather they are adamant that they won't hand over their land at any cost.The anger of the farmers can be gauged by the fact that the farmers of the area had driven away an AKVN official who had gone there for due diligence recently.The farmers are stating that 150 units in the nearby Pithampur industrial areas were lying idle which can be used for the cluster. Secondly, nearly 600 hectares of forest land also fall in the area, which can also be of the use for the purpose.Thirdly, around 1,000 square metres of land, that were acquired by the authorities some 4-5 years back could also be of help. KSS is getting support for its cause from activists and NGOs like Medha Patkar, who had recently paid a visit to the place, Ekta Parishad and Rashtriya Sewa Dal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595228", "title": "Salman Rushdie shadow on Jaipur Literature Festival: 4 authors who read from 'The Satanic Verses' sent packing", "text": "JAIPUR: Salman Rushdie's shadow over the Jaipur literature festival grew longer on Sunday with four participating authors who had read out excerpts from Rushdie's banned novel, The Satanic Verses, being \"advised\" by the organizers to leave the city.The four authors - Ruchir Joshi, Jeet Thayil, Hari Kunzru and Amitava Kumar - left the city abruptly on Saturday and Sunday.JLF producer Sanjoy Roy, while denying that he had asked the authors to leave, said the Jaipur police had sought the tapes of the session in which the four had read out the banned book. Roy said the organizers had met the authors on Saturday afternoon and again on Sunday to \"apprise them of the issues\".The Jaipur police, meanwhile, said they had not given any advice suggesting that any of the above authors should leave the festival. \"There was a possibility of our arrest... so the organizers advised us to leave the festival,\" Jeet Thayil told TOI while preparing to leave.Jeet Thayil said he was not protesting against their decision as it was their festival. \"They (organizers) are intelligent people and probably they took a right decision,\" Jeet said.Asked who exactly told them to go back, Jeet said, \"I am sorry, I can't speak any more on the issue. It's a delicate matter and I don't want to add fuel to the fire.\"Hari Kunzru, who hurriedly left the festival on Saturday and took a flight out of the country on Sunday, said in a statement, \"I risked arrest and might well find myself unable to return home to New York until any resulting cases had been resolved. The festival organizers later informed me that they had been advised that it was unsafe for me to stay in Jaipur, and my continued presence at the festival would only inflame an already volatile situation.\"Kunzru refused to blame the organizers for the turn of events. \"I consider William Dalrymple and Sanjoy Roy close friends, and I feel that they acted honourably in difficult circumstances which were not of their making. I am relieved that the JLF was not shut down, which appeared to be a possibility on Friday night,\" the statement said.Jeet, however, had no regrets about reading from 'The Satanic Verses'. \"It was not right, the way Rushdie was not allowed to come for whatever reasons...shame that entire thing happened,\" Jeet said.The cops maintained they had no role to play in the affair. \"The organizers should know why the authors went back,\" said Bhagwan Lal Soni, the Jaipur police commissioner. He said they had received a complaint about the four authors but they had no plans to arrest them immediately.Asked if any of the organizers asked the writers to leave, Sanjoy Roy said, \"No one asked them. I certainly did not request them to leave.\" However, he said he thought the authors had spoken to \"legal people\" in the city.One of the festival directors, Namita Gokhale, took a similar stance. \"They had to leave. We haven't asked anyone,\" she said.Gokhale had sent out a text message to a large number of authors on Saturday, saying, \"The Jaipur Literature Festival continues to uphold the right to free speech and expression and the right to dissent within a constitutional framework. We hope all authors express their personal views in an appropriate and responsible manner. Please refrain from actions or readings that might cause incitement to public violence and endanger the festival and the spirit of harmony in which it is conceived. This is to advise you that 'Satanic Verses' is banned in India and reading from it may make you liable to prosecution and arrest.\"Rushdie has also been told that the four authors could have been arrested. On Sunday, he tweeted, \"Don't know who gave orders. And yes I guess the same police who want to arrest Hari, Amitava, Jeet and Ruchir.\" He had tweeted on Friday asking why the organizers had stopped the four authors from reading his book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596760", "title": "Muslims should shed minority syndrome: K Rahman Khan", "text": "PATNA: The Muslim community should not suffer from inferiority complex by treating itself as minority. On the contrary, they are second majority community in the country, said Rajya Sabha deputy chairman K Rahman Khan while inaugurating a conference on problems facing the community. \"Going by their population, Muslims are a country within country,\" he said.The conference on Muslim problems was organized by the Bihar State Qaumi Tanzim, a non-political organization, on Sunday. He said that before seeking help from any quarter for the solution of their problems, the Muslim community should maintain unity and look forward with planning and unanimity.\"The community has to look for the solution of their problems with their own wisdom and strength rising above the petty issues like caste, creed, faith and leadership. We have to project a united face of the community before the government before seeking any concession and relief,\" said Khan and added that the community has remained backward due to lack of unity. He said that the unity would also help increase the representation of Muslims in legislative bodies.NCP general secretary Tariq Anwar , MP, who chaired the conference, said that the reports of the Ranganath Mishra and Sachar commissions have confirmed that Muslims are more backward than scheduled castes. \"If the largest minority group is kept off the mainstream, it will go against the interest of the country,\" he said.The conference, which was attended by leaders belonging to different political parties, condemned the arrest of educated Muslim youths on the charge of terrorism across the country and demanded immediate release of the innocent people and also compensation to them like the government of Andhra Pradesh did recently.It demanded from the Bihar government to ensure appointment of 12,862 Urdu teachers as per the directive of the Supreme Court and open higher technical educational institutions in areas having Muslim concentration.Jamia Millia's Islamic studies head Akhtarul Wasey said that reservation is always done on religious basis and pointed out that the Hindu or Sikh Dalits forfeit their privileges once they embrace Islam.Maulana Shamim Ahmad Munami, a cleric, demanded opening of a separate police station for Muslims and said another commission be set up to pinpoint the reasons for backwardness of Muslims as identified by the Sachar Commission. Maulana Anisur Rahman of Imarat Shariah, and RJD leaders -- Ghulam Ghaus, Akhtarul Iman and Tanveer Hasan -- were among those who addressed the day-long conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11596191", "title": "Depressed man hangs self in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Christopher Holmes, 56, of Angod in Mapusa allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself with a bed sheet to a ceiling fan at his flat on Saturday between 4.30 and 6.45pm.His family said that Holmes was depressed and he committed the act when his wife and daughter had gone out to seek a doctor's appointment for him. When his family returned, they saw him hanging from the fan and informed the Mapusa police who conducted a site panchanama and sent the body for a postmortem. Police said that Holmes used to work abroad and was staying in Mapusa as he was mentally disturbed and undergoing treatment. The police have registered the case as an unnatural death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595883", "title": "B-Focused at Sindhu School shows learning can be fun too", "text": "NAGPUR: Teachers of Mahatma Gandhi Centennial Sindhu High School were particularly impressed with the well planned and executed activities which increased interactiveness among their students during the B-Focused workshop in their school.\"The workshop rightly brought out the fact that learning can be fun too,\" said Harjeet Kaur Huda, one of the teachers present at the workshop. Shobha Dhanwatay, director of Workskills Training Academy (WTA), said that it was their aim to teach children in an interesting manner.\"Education is the most important aspect of creating a personality out of a person rather than creating an engineer or doctor or anything else,\" she said. Vishal Kunjwani, a standard IX student said that the workshop taught them that planning was the key to success and planned studied would ensure that there was no pressure at the time of examination.Agreeing with him, Mahesh Nanawani, a standard X student added, \"Before the workshop my emphasis used to be on 'I', now I have understood the importance of 'we' too.\" Teacher Neeta Seth said that the fact that the students were active participants of the workshop was a great thing.\"This workshop surely helped them understand the ways in which they can shape their career and become successful,\" she said. Around 100 students from the school took part in the workshop. \"The activities were fun, enjoyable and interactive. I specially enjoyed the team tasks. There was equal emphasis on individuality and team spirit,\" said Urvashi Kulkarni, a standard IX student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11603782", "title": "Wipro, Oracle team up to offer cloud-based HRM modules", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Technologies, the global information technology, consulting and outsourcing business of Wipro Ltd , announced the launch of 'Wipro SprintHR', a cloud-based platform offering Oracle Fusion Human Capital Management (HCM) modules.\"It is available as a SaaS (software-as-a-service) model and is designed to help enable enterprise customers transform their HR processes,\" city-headquartered Wipro said in a statement.\"Leveraging its strong relationship with Oracle and co-development experience on Oracle Fusion Applications, Wipro SprintHR helps significantly reduce cost and deployment timelines,\" it said.Based on Wipro's rapid deployment framework for cloud applications , Wipro SprintHR is a productised service that helps customers configure the functional scope while deploying this solution, with little impact on business continuity, it said.It offers a blend of Fusion HCM modules that include HCM processes such as talent management, benefits management and core HR administration, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11595520", "title": "Amroli College to organize mega job fair", "text": "SURAT: Colleges of Jivan Jyot Trust, Amroli started a two-day 'Jobfair' from Saturday for which 4,500 students from all over south Gujarat have registered. At least 40 companies are expected to hire students and also working professionals during the 'Jobfair'.The trust has been organizing placement fair for the past four years. \"Large number of students have benefited from the fair,\" said Anuj Shah, secretary of JJT.\"The fair has a unique feature. A candidate can get more than one opportunity to appear in an interview with the same company. Even if he has been rejected, the student can reappear. There are options of campus placement for engineering and management graduates but no such system exist for graduates of arts, commerce and science. We are organizing the fair to give opportunity to the students from these streams,\" said K N Chavda, principal of J Z Shah Arts and H P Desai Commerce College.\"Last year a total of 9,000 youth participated in the 'Jobfair' and 900 got jobs,\" said Ashwin Patel, secretary of JJT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "11597188", "title": "Punjabi Kissa Kursi Ka grabs netizens' fancy", "text": "PHAGWARA: India's first political spoof and its title Kissa Kursi Ka (KKK), that became part of the political lexicon, might not have seen the light of the day during the Emergency. But, this one does.Sung by a well-known Punjabi lyricist and singer Debi Makhsoospuri, a music video - Kissa Kursi Ka - is going viral on the Internet, racking up more than 7,000 hits, days after being posted on YouTube.The song released two weeks before the state goes to polls mocks the raft of state's political leaders many Punjabis despair.In a radical departure from brash music videos that extol lissome lasses and brave men, the lyrics of this song are an eclectic mix of humour and sermons, taking swipes at leaders across parties.With ubiquitous electronic beeps, Punjabi pop sounds and melodious dhol beats , the song starts with a punch: \"Haye kursi Haye kursi...ki ki rang dikhayee kursi. Leader aidde bin nahi bachde...damroo naach rachaye kursi wadde bandeya noo hai kursi wang mashuk pyari.\"Forty-seven-year-old Makhsoospuri, who started writing as a lyricist for Kuldeep Manak at the age of 20, said that protest music and political satires are seeing a revival with websites like YouTube helping the artists upload their works.\"Who had expected Kolaveri Di to become so popular. When I was writing this song, I only wrote it for the consumption of masses who would be choosing their chief minister on January 30 in Punjab. My inspiration were the dramatic events, which included an old man contesting elections at the age of 84; a man's live-in relationship with a foreign-origin lady and dissidence among contestants,\" said Makhsoospuri. The singer-lyricist, however, has refrained from directly mentioning the names of political leaders in the song.\"Kal aik mantri ji mandar jaake arz guzaari...jad tak meri jaan na nikle haye rabba na jaaaye kursi,\" says a part of the song, alluding to the visit to a temple by the chief minister before filing the nomination papers.Another stanza takes potshots at the Congress party: \"Donga zakhm 84 wali kursi ne si laaya, bhole bhaale loka de in farak dila ch paaya.\"On one Punjabi songs website, a promo version of the satire was edging towards 23,000 hits and 16,200 \"likes\".The full version of the song will be released early next week.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596518", "title": "Sounds of Dresden light up Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: It's Saturday night on the banks of the Mandovi, but the wait inside the Kala Academy auditorium seems more suited to a New Orleans jazz funeral. After five consecutive days of western classical music as part of the Indo-German confluence, one can hardly blame the 800-odd people for showing up in their Sunday best. Hanging over the auditorium was the inevitable pall of profundity that fills the air before most classical recitals in Goa.As the clock struck Seven, all eyes were fixed upon the stage, expecting a bunch of suited, perhaps portly, musicians to walk out. However, the Top Dog Brass Band, from the German city of Dresden , would have none of that pomp. The first sounds of brass and drums came not from the stage, but from the auditorium's rear entrance. Clearly, the band had other ideas. Cocking a snook at convention, its eight members, colorfully dressed with impeccably shiny instruments, walked down the aisle and onto the stage. Then, in a very appropriate and highly-commendable gesture, the auditorium was asked to maintain a minute's silence in memory of Goa's departed maestro, Anthony Gonsalves.And then the fun began. There's nothing like a familiar tune to get an audience into the groove; the Top Dogs chose 'Down by the Riverside' to get the party started. The irony of a bunch of white men performing an almost-anthemic civil rights song, originally sung by slaves in the American south, was lost in the sheer energy and exuberance of the Top Dogs' rendition of it.Cover versions were few and far apart. \"We like to play our own songs,\" bandleader Matthias Peuker proclaimed before playing \"Belly-up\". Indeed, most of the band's songs had similarly jovial names, such as \"Drop your coffee\", \"I bake a pie\" and \"Mama Elephant jump\". But every once in a while, there was a familiar tune, though suitably tweaked to suit the band's peppy style. Through the ocean of originals popped classic melodies like \"Peter and the Wolf\" and the staple, \"When the Saints go marching in.\"Clearly, the stage was an inconvenience for the band, and the distance it imposed on the audience was more restricting than liberating. During \"Belly-up\", one of the musicians, Marc Hartmann, perhaps bored, stepped off it and strolled round the auditorium with his gigantic Sousaphone, to the thrill of the crowd. In Pune, where the band played prior to Goa, the massive instrument confused security officials, who had no idea what it was. They were only convinced after being shown newspaper cuttings.Despite each member retaining their individual characters, the band's strength and charm lay in its cohesiveness, generally mischievous nature, and their outstanding connect with the audience-everybody from first row to last felt like part of the show. If the music got monotonous, which it did very rarely, the musicians would engage in harmless antics-stooping low together, hovering around the stage, and randomly walking in circles.While the reticent Sascha Mock resiliently kept the bass drum buzzing, Pueker's syncopated rudiments with corresponding body language and spiky vocals was the backbone of the music. The two trombonists, Arne Fischer and Andreas Uhlmann, alternated between the mid-range and soloing, often sparring, just like their saxophone counterparts, Paul Berberich and Paul Griesbach. Most of the high solos were handled by the assertive Bernhard Seifert on the trumpet, riveting and funky at times, solemn at others.It all ended with an encore, where the musicians gathered the accumulated energy of the hall, took one last walk down the aisle, and then disappeared behind the curtains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11597501", "title": "Ketamine worth Rs 15 lakh seized", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials on Friday arrested a passenger from Thiruvananthapuram international airport for trying to peddle drugs worth lakhs of rupees. The arrested has been identified as Mohamad Hussain, a native of Puthukottai,Tamilnadu. He is now under the custody of DRI.The officials seized 'Ketamine' weighing 5 kg from Hussain. The drug was kept in small khaini sachets in a briefcase. He was arrested while attempting to board Colombo flight at 9.20 am. Officials said that the seized drug would cost around Rs 15 lakh in international market.Ketamine is mainly used as tranquilizer for animals and is reportedly a cheaper substitute for cocaine. A senior DRI official said that Hussain was arrested following a tip off and more details about him could be disclosed only after detailed interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11595640", "title": "Citizens take home fond memories as Bahuroopi ends", "text": "MYSORE: It is curtains to the Navaratri of theatre. The nine-day Bahuroopi annual winter theatre festival concluded on Sunday with hundreds of theatre buffs milling Rangayana. The weekend audience crowded the theatres to watch the last three plays.Noted theatre personality and Rajya Sabha member B Jayashree, former Rangayana director, Kannada Development Authority chief Mukyamantri Chandru, litterateur C P Krishnakumar and Kannada and culture secretary B Basavarju were present.Kannada plays logged the maximum audience while non-Kannada plays, while Hindi plays also received good response. Speaking to TOI, Rangayana artiste Mahadev said: \"Kannada plays were houseful. This time, it was well organized and plays were short and sweet.\" The Rangayana director B V Rajaram played a key role in coordinating with troupes from others states so as to extend a national flavour, said Talakadu Gururaju, backstage staff, said.\"The festival gave us a chance to watch plays in other Indian languages,\" said Manjunath Swamy B, who is studying at Bharatiya Ranga Shikshana Kendra, which is a unit of the Rangayana.\"I have been attending Bahuroopi for two years. I loved Yakshagana and street plays this season,\" Sunaina K, homemaker, said. \"I felt happy watching classic Kannada movies, especially 'Samskara' based on U R Ananthamurthy's work and Shivaram Karanth's 'Chomana Dudi'. They are part of my syllabus and it made me easy to deconstruct the works,\" said Shanthi Chacko Tathil, a literature student at the JSS College for Women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597079", "title": "\u2018Need proper co-ordination between the city and rural police to check crime rate\u2019", "text": "From keeping vigil over 1,300 villages, including sensitive Malegaon and fuel mafia-filled Manmad, superintendent of police Nashik (rural) Praveen Padval has his hands full. He tells TOI of the challenges of policing and the steps being taken to stem the rising crime graphThe Nashik city police have often been saying that vehicles stolen from the city are sold in the rural parts of the district. Do you come across such vehicles?The issue is not only of the stolen vehicles but also criminals. Many anti-social elements of Nashik city hide in places like Ozar, Dindori, Sinnar and Niphad. For this, the city police and the rural police need to have proper co-ordination for conducting nakabandis jointly. Effective nakabandis can help trace not only vehicle thefts but also criminals escaping from one area to another. The sensitization of these things should be more and that can happen only with the close coordination of the city and the rural police.How many villages come under the jurisdiction of the rural police?There are 1,347 villages in the entire district of which some 1,300 villages come under the jurisdiction of the rural police. This also includes the municipal corporation area of Malegaon and seven other municipal councils. To ensure law and order in these many villages and cities, we have strength of 2,883 personnel, though the total strength approved for the rural police is 3,157. Recently we took up a recruitment drive for the rural police and once their training is complete in a year's time, we will be able to add 287 police constables.What are the important areas you have to pay attention to in your jurisdiction?Malegaon has been communally volatile since long. Hence, we are constantly on our toes to ensure that peace prevails in this textile town. Apart from Malegaon, we also have to pay attention to Sinnar, Vadivarhe, Gonde and Igatpuri towns, which are coming up as major industrial belts of the district. The problems related to these towns are of labour and the floating population. Further, the agricultural regions - Niphad, Yeola, Satana and Chandwad - also need attention as they get volatile on the issue of water and low price to agriculture products. Quite a few property offences are being registered in Vavi, Sinnar, Niphad and Yeola police stations also. Manmad is also a sensitive town.How do you maintain peace in Malegaon?Our effort is to keep cordial relations between the two communities in Malegaon. For this, we have formed mohalla committees. Last month, we also organised a huge rally of students to spread the message of peace in the textile town. An additional superintendent of police is continuously present in Malegaon to keep tabs on every small happening there.What about Manmad?After (additional collector) Yashwant Sonawane was burnt alive, Manmad did become sensitive. However, we, along with the district collectorate, took some strong measures to see that such incidents do not happen in future. The main issue in Manmad is of fuel adulteration. To stop this, the district collector issued a directive that no tankers would stop in Manmad after the fuel was filled in it. Some tanker owners tried to raise voice against it but we managed to convince them. We also registered five to seven cases against those found halting tankers in Malegaon and those involved in making duplicate keys for the tankers. Eventually, the drivers have realised what is in their interest. We have also stationed a team of Striking Force permanently in Manmad to prevent any untoward incident in the future.While it is a fact that many villages and hamlets are located in remote areas, do the police reach in time in case of any eventuality? What are the other measures ?Accessibility is not a problem. We have 35 police stations in our jurisdiction and there are also many police outposts. The maximum time the police take to reach any particular area is not more than half an hour. Further, the village defence party members are also active in the remote parts of the district, though this scheme is not very effective in some towns.Illegal transport is an issue in the rural parts. How do you manage this?The zilla vahatuk shakha and the police stations continuously take action against illegal transport of passengers. However, we do have plans to control this in an effective way by spreading awareness as well as taking action against it.How is the police security at Trimbakeshwar?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11597552", "title": "Popcorn culture in Peru 6,700 yrs old", "text": "WASHINGTON: They may not have had cinema theatres or TV sets, but ancient Peruvians did share one part of our modern movie-watching culture - munching on popcorns . Researchers have found evidence that suggests communities living along the coast of Peru were eating popcorns some 6,700 years ago, about 1,000 years earlier than previously estimated.They arrived this conclusion after unearthing corn husks, stalks, cobs and tassels (pollen-producing flowers on corn) dating from 6,700 to 3,000 years ago at Paredones and Huaca Prieta, two sites on Peru's northern coast. \"The evidence was unearthed during the past three years,\" study researcher Dolores Piperno, told LiveScience . The characteristics of the corncobs suggest that the sites' ancient inhabitants prepared and ate corn in several ways, including making corn flour and popcorn, Piperno said.The researchers also found corn microfossils containing starch grains and phytoliths, which are microscopic particles formed by plants and mainly composed of silicon dioxide.The Peruvian popcorn is the oldest macrofossil evidence for popcorn in South America .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595365", "title": "'Survival is a herculean task for blind girls'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Being visually impaired is tough. And being a female visually impaired is tougher. That is what the girls at the only blind school for them in the state learn. \"Though we try to prepare them to fight all kinds of odds, the fact of the matter cannot be changed that survival for them is a herculean task out there,\" a teacher says.The Government High School for Blind Girls at Malakpet is imparting regular education from first to 10th grade through Braille. For the 80 girls studying there, they have the option of learning in Telugu or Urdu medium. Only 10 of the students at the school are day scholars, the others being boarders.Speaking to TOI, a parent said, \"We have put our children in this school to gain skills necessary for a decent living. But we are aware that even after passing out of this school, their problems would not end.\"\"The life for a visually impaired girl is more difficult than that of her male counterpart,\" says principal M Vijayalakshmi. \"Here the girls live in a sheltered environment. But outside the school or in unfamiliar places they cannot fend for themselves. To help them survive and fend for themselves, we equip them with computer skills and also train them in music and art, besides ensuring quality education,\" says she.Teachers say that even today many families abandon the girl child who is born blind. \"We have six students whose parents have deserted them at birth. Before coming to the school they were raised in shelter homes. In our country, where the male child is still preferred, it is not easy for parents to accept a blind girl child,\" says Y Koteshawari, a product of the school who opted to teach at her Alma mater.Parents concede that they were among a select few who chose to educate their children. They believe that if quality education is provided to the child she would be in a better position to take care of herself when compared with those who either do not get good education or remain semi-literate.Koteshawari says it is not easy for blind girls to get married. \"A visually impaired girl can only get married to a visually impaired boy. Whereas, many blind boys have married normal girls. Rarely does a sighted boy choose to marry a visually impaired girl,\" she says. She clarifies that if the bride and bridegroom are blind it is not necessary that their children will also be blind. Blindness is not a phenomenon that is transmitted from parents to children, says she.\"Visually impaired persons usually develop an ear for music. Many opt for training as musicians. Though they are not able to make it big in the music industry, they are able to get employed as music teachers in schools. Visually impaired girls mainly excel in music and teaching,\" says Sarojini Devi, a retired teacher, who is also a graduate of this school.The teachers and parents feel that government has to provide the blind, especially girls with more opportunities. \"Our girls usually end up as class 4 employees if they enter government services. But they are capable of even becoming administrators if given the chance,\" says another teacher.The girls' school was part of the school for visually impaired at Darulshifa, until it was moved to Malakpet in 1978.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600036", "title": "Tezz goes the Mission Impossible way\u2026", "text": "No, Priyadarshan's new action flick Tezz is not a remake of Mission Impossible. So how are the two films connected?No, Priyadarshan's new action flick Tezz is not a remake of Mission Impossible (rather it's more similar to Keanu Reeves's Speed with the bus being replaced by a train). So how are the two films connected?Remember the immediate reactions when the first trailer of Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol was released in India. While the Tom Cruise starrer had a slick look, many Indian fans were disappointed that Anil Kapoor, who had a cameo in this Hollywood flick, was nowhere to be seen in the trailers. So the production house had to bow down to the public demand and a new trailer featuring Anil Kapoor was released in India.A similar scenario seems to be occurring with another Anil Kapoor starrer though it's not because of Kapoor this time around. The first trailer of Priyadarshan's action flick Tezz starring Ajay Devgn and Anil Kapoor in lead roles was recently released. The film also stars Malayalam superstar Mohal Lal in a cameo. The trailer has a fleeting appearance of the South star.However that doesn't seem to have gone down well with his South fans and they have widely expressed their disappointment on social networking sites. A unit-hand mentions, \"The makers weren't expecting such a furor. Mohan Lal wasn't highlighted in the trailer because the South star anyways has a cameo in the film and the makers didn't intend to mislead the audience. However now they are giving second thoughts and perhaps a new trailer prominently featuring Mohan Lal will be released\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11596098", "title": "Salman Rushdie: Rajasthan police lied to me", "text": "JAIPUR: India-born British author Salman Rushdie on Sunday accused the Rajasthan Police of cooking up a false underworld assassination plot to keep him out of the Jaipur Literature Festival.\"I've investigated, &amp; believe that I was indeed lied to. I am outraged and very angry,\" Rushdie tweeted.While no agency in the country owned up to having issued any such advisory, Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot said: \"There was a threat to him in view of the protest plans and the Centre had also issued advisory in this regard.\" Later in the night, the state government issued a statement saying, \"Confirmed information about a threat to Rushdie's life was shared by the Intelligence Bureau with organizers of the festival.\" There was no other confirmation for this claim.The CM reiterated that Rushdie did not require a visa to come to India. \"But if there is some threat to his life due to anger among a group of people, we would feel that this could affect the law and order situation,\" he said.Jaipur police commissioner Bhagwan Lal Soni on Sunday disowned the underworld plot theory. \"We have no clue about who gave the underworld plot feedback,\" he said.The Maharashtra Police had on Saturday denied having given any input on a death threat to Rushdie. The author had in a statement on Friday said sources in Rajasthan and Maharashtra intelligence had told him that two \"paid assassins from Mumbai underworld might be on their way to eliminate\" him.Officials in the Union home ministry said the central advisory to the state did not speak about \"two hit-men\" being hired by some Mumbai mafia don to kill the author. \"The home ministry had issued one advisory to Rajasthan on Wednesday asking the state police to make adequate security arrangements keeping in view the possibility of certain threats from the banned SIMI,\" said an official.A single-page note sent by the ministry said former general secretary of SIMI Saquib Nachan, was \"exploring the possibility of targeting Rushdie during his proposed visit\". It further said: \"Separately, Saeed Noorie, general secretary, Raza Academy has announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh to anyone who would hurl a slipper on Rushdie.\"Home ministry officials were clueless as to what transpired between the Rajasthan government and organizers of the lit fest, either before getting this advisory or after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596405", "title": "Soon, safety in the sky as GPS-aided Gagan set to take off", "text": "CHENNAI: Flights over the country and the Indian Ocean , from East Africa to Australia, will soon be safer, more economical and environment friendly with the Airports Authority of India (AAI) moving a step closer to installing a GPS-aided geo-augmented navigation system (Gagan) for commercial aircraft.Once the system is operational, by late 2013 or early 2014, it will plug a hole in the global satellite-based aircraft navigation umbrella over a vast expanse through which aircraft had to fly with navigational coordinates and no real time geo-positioning.The Rs 800 crore project, taken up by AAI, Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) and Raytheon, will take India into an exclusive club whose members possess the advanced system including the US, Japan and Europe.\"Fifteen reference and ground stations including one at Port Blair have been established and networked using high performance communication circuits. Signals from the satellite are being used to test for availability of standbys and other features of the network,\" said D Devaraj, southern regional executive director, AAI.Standby testing, or redundancy testing in aviation parlance, is crucial because at least three ground locations will be required to position an aircraft and at least two ground locations will be used to route an aircraft when it is in Indian airspace.\"We are now waiting for Isro to launch its next geo satellite, which is expected in March this year, to take the next step in setting up the system,\" he added. Isro is scheduled to launch GSAT-10 spacecraft that will carry 12 C Band and 12 Extended C Band transponders and a second Gagan payload after subsystem fabrication and testing are completed.A third satellite with another Gagan payload, for back up functions, will be launched sometime next year. Gagan's geosatellites will use the C band, normally used for long-distance telecommunication, and the L band, also used by EU's Galileo satellite navigation system.Gagan will help aircraft take the shortest possible routes, saving fuel and time, with GPS data provided by the satellites. Aircraft will not need to depend on ground-based navigational aids like VOR (VHF omni directional range) or NDB (non-directional beacon). Air routes are currently based on the availability of ground-basednavigational units.Multiple satellites and ground stations will track an aircraft's speed, altitude, position and route and cross check for accuracy. Gagan comprises of three geo stationary satellites, 15 reference stations, two master control stations and three uplink stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11591338", "title": "Express Yourself", "text": "Express YourselfFree societies...are societies in motion, and with motion comes tension, dissent, friction. Free people strike sparks, and those sparks are the best evidence of freedom's existence.Salman Rushdie*Books won't stay banned. They won't burn. Ideas won't go to jail. In the long run of history, the censor and the inquisitor have always lost. The only weapon against bad ideas is better ideas.Alfred W Griswold*Obscenity is not a quality inherent in a book or picture, but is solely and exclusively a contribution of the reading mind, and hence cannot be defined in terms of the qualities of a book or picture.Thomas Schroeder*When you are describing, A shape, or sound, or tint; Don't state the matter plainly, But put it in a hint; And learn to look at all things, With a sort of mental squint.Lewis Carroll", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601873", "title": "Sara Khan is excited", "text": "It is not just about being an actor for Sara Khan. Sara, who had essayed the role of Alka in TV show \" Dhoondh Legi Manzil Humein \", is quite excited about the fact that that her long-standing desire of writing a book has been somewhat fulfilled.Sara, who turns a writer with 'The Rules for Parents', which will be launched soon in London, as the reports suggest, has been quoted as saying, \"I am extremely elated as my first offering as a writer is complete and ready to be published now\".Also a psychologist by profession, Sara feels the book will help parents understand the needs and thought process of their teenage kids, which is a crucial issue. If you have been thinking it took the actor really long to finish the book, you are mistaken. For the book was ready for the launch within a period of just two months.If the reports are to be believed, the e-book will be accessible in two to three weeks and is expected to hit the stalls in about a couple of months. While everybody must be thinking if at all the actor will get back to acting, Sara says, \"I will be returning to acting pretty soon, but for now my focus is completely on my book.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596138", "title": "Code of conduct hampers water supply work", "text": "PANAJI: Thanks to the election code of conduct, Panaji might face an acute water shortage this summer. The public works department's (PWD) water supply department had requested the office of the Goa chief electoral officer to grant permission to build a 'bandhara' near the Opa water treatment plant to store water for the summer months of April-May.Sources in the water supply department said that the chief electoral officer initially agreed to grant permission to issue a tender for the work. Now, the CEO's office has said that they will refer the matter to the election commission of India (ECI), New Delhi.With the ECI burdened with the work of elections in five different states, the water supply department is worried they will not get the permission on time to build the 'bandhara'. \"If the approval is not granted on time, the water flowing out of the river cannot be brought back. That means we will not be able to supply water to Panaji in the summer months,\" said a PWD official.The Opa water treatment plant has a capacity of 115 MLD and this water is supplied to two talukas of Ponda and Tiswadi. Panaji alone consumes about 15 MLD but being at the tail-end of the supply system, it gets affected immediately. \"Even a shortfall of 1 MLD of water affects people in Panaji very badly. The shortfall in summer may go up to 5 MLD as the intake to the treatment plant will become less,\" said a PWD source.The Opa bandhara is just one work pertaining to the water supply works division III, Panaji, being delayed due to the election code of conduct. But the works division XVII (PHE-N), Porvorim, has at least 50 works pending due to the election code of conduct. These works are not new and relate to the day-to-day running of the water treatment plants and supply of water to most of North Goa. Worried over the ban on issue of tenders to carry out these works, the works division XVII has written to the office of the Goa CEO.The letter informs the CEO that works need \"to be taken up immediately for continuation of routine and effective operation and maintenance of drinking water supply to the areas under the jurisdiction of this division\". All the works are proposed under the maintenance budget head and none of these works are new development schemes and do not involve recruiting new hands.The letter states that \"if these works are tendered after March 12, the work orders cannot be issued till the end of April to mid-May. The possibility of the next code of conduct (for the village panchayat elections) coming into force by that time also needs to be considered.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595476", "title": "BJP's 'satta parivartan padyatra' begins", "text": "KANPUR: The BJP began 'Satta Parivartan Padyatra' in the district. The party's candidates from different Assembly constituencies took out processions across the city. Arya Nagar candidate Hanuman Mishra moved through the localities coming under the constituency.Govind Nagar candidate Satyadeo Pachauri also moved out on roads with his supporters. The party workers were wearing caps which read that for 'corruption-free state, vote for BJP.The Padyatra began from Kali Mathiya Temple in Shashtri Nagar in the morning. Several BJP leaders accompanied the candidates. They held party flags and placards expressing support for the candidate. The people welcomed the candidates at several spots.Satta Parivartan Padyayatra would continue in the days to come. The BJP is trying to connect with the masses, making them aware about the candidates contesting elections from different Assembly constituencies.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600536", "title": "Sufi number to rock Shanghai!", "text": "Post the response that \"The Dirty Picture\" generated at the box office, we hear that the producers of the political thriller \" Shanghai \" too are keen on including a Sufi number in the film.The movie, which stars Emraan Hashmi, Abhay Deol and Kalki Koechlin, is directed by Dibaker Banerjee, and talks about a common man's revenge. When contacted, Hashmi said, \"I really can't give you too many details about the track. Incorporating a song should take \"Shanghai\" towards the space of popular films, but I don't know where Dibakar would place it. However, no one complains if you give them one extra good song to hear.\"Adds a source, \"Though the song has been planned, discussions of its placing in the film are going on...Those who have heard the song say it has \"chartbuster\" written all over it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11596229", "title": "Auto drivers submit petition to SP", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 150 auto drivers submitted a petition to Coimbatore district superintendent of police E S Uma, attributing police harassment as the reason for the death of an auto driver in Somanur in the district.A group of auto drivers, led by S Ayyappan, a relative of the victim, came to the SP's office and submitted the petition. As per the petition, R Bharathiraja, a native of Sankarankovil in Tirunelveli district, was working as an auto driver at Somanur. On January 19, Karumathampatti police inspector Sivakumar conducted a vehicle check and seized his auto as it was overloaded. Bharathiraja went to the police station and pleaded with officials to return his auto.The police officer refused to return the auto and allegedly harassed him. Upset over this, Bharathiraja returned to his home town and committed suicide. The auto driver community in the district protested the suicide, alleging that police officials were lenient with offenders who belonged to their community.SP Uma said that the police will take severe action against over loading in passenger and goods autos. \"When drivers failed to obey rules and regulation, their autos were seized immediately. We are imposing fines for such violations. I will inquire about the petition,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11596123", "title": "Graft: BJP members slam ZP chief", "text": "BHANDARA: In a specially convened meeting that took place on Saturday, ruling BJP members of Bhandara zilla parishad came down heavily on ZP president Vasant Enchilwar over alleged corruption in a tree plantation scheme. BJP MLA Nana Patole presided over the meeting.Although mediapersons were not allowed in the meeting, BJP sources said that most of the ruling party members raised the issue of corruption in the implementation of Paryavaran Sanrakshan Gram Samrudhhi Yojana, under which tree plantation in every village was done. Close to Rs5 crore was spent but there is vast difference between the number of saplings that were bought and actually planted and also the payment that was made to the nursery owner at Mansar, BJP members alleged. They added that the official concerned has been shielded by the ZP president. However, Enchilwar denied the allegations, saying that allegations made by members were baseless and meant to malign his image.Patole intervened in the debate, saying that if there was a scam, it shall be dealt with firmly. \"Questions raised by members will be looked into at a meeting on Monday,\" he said.Documents submitted by the aggrieved members would be scrutinized and if anyone is found guilty, action would be taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11595793", "title": "Blackbuck poaching case: Blood stains come from blackbuck: forensic report", "text": "JAISALMER: The forest department has started preparations to present its in court against some army jawans after forensic reports on blood samples from the stained Maruti Gypsy and meat recovered from an army camp near here confirmed that they came from a black buck.Bikaner DFO Arun Saxena last month army jawans belonging to a unit of Mahajan field firing range were allegedly poaching a blackbuck. On getting the information, a forest team rushed to the camp and found blood stains, cooked meat and hair of the animal. The samples were taken and sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory for confirmation.Saxena said the initial report of the FSL has confirmed that samples were of blackbuck. The samples were sent to Jaipur for intensive investigation and the final report is expected soon. After the initial confirmation of FSL report that sample was that of blackbuck, chances have become very strong that a blackbuck was poached by the army jawans, he said. After the final report from FSL Jaipur, the the entire case will be presented in the court, Saxena said.The DFO further said Major Maneshwar Khara, Gypsy driver Daya Shankar and cook Ravi Shankar were questioned earlier in connection with the case.Meanwhile, defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said the foresic report will form part of the army court of inquiry and will be forwarded to the Punjab military station as the army unit reportedly involved in the alleged blackbuck poaching case came to Mahajan for training from that state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11601923", "title": "Wipro ties up with Oracle to offer HRM modules", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Technologies, the global information technology, consulting and outsourcing business of Wipro Ltd , today announced the launch of 'Wipro SprintHR', a cloud-based platform offering Oracle Fusion Human Capital Management (HCM) modules.\"It is available as a SaaS (software-as-a-service) model and is designed to help enable enterprise customers transform their HR processes,\" city-headquartered Wipro said in a statement.\"Leveraging its strong relationship with Oracle and co-development experience on Oracle Fusion Applications, Wipro SprintHR helps significantly reduce cost and deployment timelines,\" it said.Based on Wipro's rapid deployment framework for cloud applications, Wipro SprintHR is a productised service that helps customers configure the functional scope while deploying this solution, with little impact on business continuity, it said.It offers a blend of Fusion HCM modules that include HCM processes such as talent management, benefits management and core HR administration, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595168", "title": "Goal machine ends up in golgappa stall", "text": "HYDERABAD: A young girl wants chacha, the panipuri seller in Secunderabad's Lakdawala area, to make the golgappas hotter. The old man obliges with a smile. The teenager has no clue that the quiet, unassuming chacha who is selling golgappas was once famous for making remarkable 'goals'.But that was then.Today, with nothing to fall back on, Bir Bahadur, the Services striker who had donned the Indian jersey in 1966 for the Bangkok Asian Games, is forced to sell panipuri at a road-side stall.Known for his thundering right-footers, Bir Bahadur's career as a footballer can be summed up as illustrious. He served Services for 22 years and played at top tourneys like Durand Cup, Santosh Trophy and Rovers Cup.With sadness in his eyes, he says: \"Goals are not my life anymore... golgappas have replaced them.\" The 68-year-old man, who is so reluctant to talk about himself, is a victim of government apathy.\"My life is a fairytale... maybe one with a sad ending. My father was a footballer. My interest in the game began with me watching his footwork. He was my inspiration,\" an emotional Bir Bahadur slowly opens up. His father, Sukhlal Bahadur, was a centre-back for Services.Born and brought up in Dehradun, Bir was the eldest of three brothers and 10 sisters. He showed his mettle at an early age and was soon made captain of his school team. \"Soon, I had made it into the state side and, within a year, had joined Services... Things happened really fast then,\" Bir says.He joined the Army in 1963 and was transferred from Dehradun to Secunderabad EME the very next year. During a national tournament in Kolkata in 1966 he struck four goals in three matches. Soon, he found himself on board the national side for the Asian Games.\"Mein toh hairan rah gaya... Khushi ke marey pagal ho gaya tha (I was stunned. You can say I went crazy with joy),\" says Bir, who donned the celebrated jersey No. 9 all through his playing days.\"PK Banerjee, Chuni Goswami , Prasanta Sinha, P Thangaraj, Syed Nayeemuddin - all the big stars of Indian football were there in the team. I felt like a star,\" he remembers.Offers started pouring in from the Tatas and the Mafatlals but big promises made to him by his Services bosses kept him loyal to his uniformed job. \"There were offers from East Bengal and Mohun Bagan too. I did not go because my office promised me a promotion with a good hike... I was at my peak... I should have taken those offers,\" he says, the regret still noticeable in his voice.Bir retired as a Naik in 1985. Finding himself in a terrible financial crisis, he took up a job as a private security guard. The little money that he earned this way went into providing an education to his children and marrying off his daughter. Soon, he ran up mounting debts and his health started to deteriorate. With no option left, he began selling panipuri.He breaks down while talking. \"I do not deserve this,\" he says between sobs.The unending meetings with officers and politicians was of little help to Bir.\"We met former CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy but to no avail,\" Bir's wife Devki said. \"Some time back, we went to meet CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy. He listened to our plight and instructed us to talk to the housing department. We have been going from one department to the other... Nothing has happened so far,\" she added.The unmatched striker of his time and today's panipuri wala chacha wants to die in peace. Will the government or society answer his wish?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599306", "title": "Kicking back!", "text": "This weekend saw some of Chennai's youngest and hippest partygoers come together to celebrate the spirit of life in all its myriad shades.Music, as usual, was the centre-point of the evening as this popular haunt buzzed with the tempo of some effervescent mixes. The musically-inclined crowd seemed to have a lot on their mind, with so many great gigs happening in Chennai.While those with the classical bent of mind opted for some lovely instrumental sessions, the others had gravitated towards more lighter fare. In fact, one of the most talked about musical endeavours of this season is the Re:Generation Music Project, which has gotten the attention of audiophiles and DJs across Chennai, who couldn't stop raving about the video since its release. Here's to more musical days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596207", "title": "Children paint Hooghly dreams", "text": "KOLKATA: As a sharp chilly wind wafted in from the Hooghly on a sunny afternoon, a thousand youngsters painted the city's riverfront in colours they would like to drape it with and the shape they would love to see it take. They gave their imagination a free run to remove the blemishes - the squalor and the dirt - from the chaotic banks and wrapped it with greenery, dotted it with parks and flanked it with a walkway overlooking the rippling waters.Some even journeyed back in time to bring back the majestic liners that once anchored on the city's shores, with the second Hooghly bridge forming a perfect backdrop. The Times NIE Colour Splash in association with the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) brought the city's budding artists together on Sunday for a drawing competition with a difference at The Man of War jetty.It had a theme - 'My impression of what the banks of the Hooghly between Howrah Bridge and Vidyasagar Setu (second Hooghly bridge) should look like' - that needed the participants not to just sit and draw what they saw around them. But it made them scratch their brains and come up with ideas to lace their drawings with. Ideas that they would like to see implemented to turn the riverfront into a pleasant visiting spot, something that Kolkata could be identified with and be proud of. And there was much more than just a splurge of colours. Singer Francis Lepcha had the youngsters tapping their feet on the jetty with his racy numbers.Armed with their paintbrushes, palettes and colours, a thousand students from more than a dozen city schools gathered on the picturesque jetty. Their enthusiastic parents watched from a distance and egged them on. As the mellow winter sun glowed gently, they settled down on the pathway and were down to business straightway. Divided into three groups - A, B and C - the participants weaved magic on the drawing sheets.Tanu Jajoo, Class III student of MB Girls' Higher Secondary School, for instance, painted a mammoth ship with a gigantic hull. Has she ever seen a vessel like that? \"I have, in pictures. It would be so nice if such huge ships really sailed on the Hooghly,\" she said. Arko Banerjee, Class IX student of Army Public School, painted a night image of the river bank.The m a s s i v e H o o g h l y bridge glistened in moonlight and dim lights dotted the banks, giving the picture a magical quality. Soumyajit Biswas of St Augustine School drew a park on the bank. \"Why don't we have another Millennium Park right near this jetty?\" he asked.Ideas like these could actually be implementable and give the authorities food for thought, felt M L Meena, chairman of KoPT,who was the chief guest at the programme. \"Children are imaginative, especially those with a penchant for drawing. They can indeed provide us with inputs and suggestions through these drawings. We are planning to send a few bright ideas from these paintings to the state government,\" said Meena.Competitions like these help spread awareness on environment and motivate students to think, the KoPT chairman added. \"The Hooghly riverfront could be a hundred times better than the Thames or the Rhine. It could indeed be a tourist destination. It's heartening to see that young children realize that and they have their own ideas about developing it,\" said Meena. The competition also brought children out of their homes and made them venture near the river which has disappeared from their mindscape, said some parents. \"It's only studies, TV and computers for kids now. They hardly play or soak in the nature. It's also an important part of their education,\" said Anindita Sardar, a parent. \"It's good for it makes them think and be imaginative,\" chipped in M Kaur, another parent. After an intense one and a half hours, the bell went off.It was time for judges - artists Debabrata Chakraborty, Dipti Chakraborty and Dwijen Gupta - to step in. As they went into a huddle to select the winners, music and fun took over. Francis Lepcha took the stage, belting out one foot-tapping number after another. Starting off with 'One Love', he moved on 'Tu mera hero', 'Koi Kahen' and then 'We will rock you'. Children shook their legs with Lepcha who had the audience in raptures with 'Kolaveri di' - his final number for the concert.As many as 72 prizes were given away, including the winners in the three categories, plus 20 consolation prizes.Additionally, there were three prizes for the overall winners across the categories. While category A was for students from classes I to IV, category B was for classes V to VIII and category C for classes IX to XII. Arka Banerjee was the overall winner. \"It's great to win the competition.I have been a regular at Times NIE Colour Splash and every time it has been a new experience. I hope to come back next year, too,\" gushed Arka. Parishi Sharma of Heritage School got the first prize in category A, Ankit De bagged the first prize in category B while Arka Banerjee topped in category C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11596292", "title": "GVP's Curtorim candidate seeks BJP's support", "text": "MARGAO: Several aspiring candidates met Parrikar at the residence of BJP's Fatorda MLA Damodar Naik Sunday morning seeking the saffron's party's support.Significantly, prominent among those who met Parrikar was South Goa zilla panchayat member Domnick Gaonkar, who is contesting from Curtorim constituency. What's interesting is the fact that Goa Vikas Party headed by Benaulim MLA Frasisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has declared Gaonkar as its party candidate from Curtorim.Gaonkar confirmed his meeting with Parrikar. \"I am confident they will support me by not fielding their candidate against me. As our motive is to wrest the Curtorim seat from the Congress party, I expect the BJP to support my candidature,\" Gaonkar told TOI.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11595388", "title": "MP to rope in pvt hospitals to screen TB patients", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh health department has mooted a proposal to involve private hospitals to increase the screening of tuberculosis (TB) patients.If approved, designated microscopy centres DMC LT scheme would be available in designated private hospitals to improve interventions for tuberculosis control and elimination.Presently, the state has just 743 designated microscopy centres (DMC).Health department sources said that the proposal would help achieve TB screening and detection targets for the state.Under the scheme, any hospital with the required DMC equipment would be eligible to come under the scheme but the laboratory technical (LT) would have to be approved by the health department. \"The proposal is in its final stages and likely to come into effect within a month\", said a senior health department official.The new proposal comes a month after the state's health department signed an memorandum of understanding (MoU) with private medical practitioners in the city to provide TB patients with free medicine and diagnosis during their course of treatment.The patient once registered would avail the same benefits as those visiting a government hospital and only have to pay the consultation fee to the private doctor.A review meeting evaluating the performance of Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) in the state conceded that renewed stress is need in few districts.The review was held with a team from the World Health Organisation (WHO), looking into the states progress on TB elimination.The goal of RNTCP is to cure at least 85% of new smear-positive (NSP) cases of tuberculosis and to detect at least 70% of such patients in the state.However, the review pointed that in 2011, 52% NSP detection was achieved. \"Treatment of NSP patients has increased to 90%, however we are working to increase case detection,\" said joint director health Dr B S Ohri.\"Clearly, good outcome and high case detection rates are essential. In fact, experience clearly shows that reliably curing patients results in a good publicity. Case detection rates steadily increase as cured patients act as best ambassadors.Cured patients act as good motivators promoting case detection and patient adherence to treatment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11597184", "title": "NSCN factional feud intensifies, Nagaland tense", "text": "DIMAPUR: Nagaland continues to be tense with the factional feud between NSCN ( Khaplang) and NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) intensifying during the past few days.The turf war which started in Dimapur in December last year shifted to Zunheboto, the hometown of Kitovi Zhimomi, the general secretary of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi), and then to Athibung where NSCN (Khaplang) overrun the designated camp of its rival faction last week.In a renewed spate of violence, the two rival NSCN groups clashed at Zunheboto where one cadre of the Khole-Kitovi group was critically injured, while in another skirmish in Kohima, an NSCN(K) commander and his son were injured.In Zunheboto, NSCN(K) cadres reportedly attacked the residence of Kitovi Zhimomi, Ato Kilonser of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi), at Amiphoto Colony in the wee hours of Sunday and also later in the afternoon. Hokugha, political organizer (PO) of the group, hailing from Melahumi village in Sumi region was critically injured in the attack.According to the Khole-Kitovi group, four armed cadres of NSCN(K) attacked Hokugha while he was alighting from his vehicle near Shotomi village. He was critically injured in the gunfire.In another incident at Kohima Saturday evening, the town commander of NSCN(K), 'SS' Maj Kivekhu and his son, Tovito, were injured when suspected armed cadres of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) fired at them near the Community Hall of Forest Colony at around 6:00 pm. The firing continued for nearly 10 minutes. While Tovito sustained injuries on his shoulder, Kivekhu has been admitted to the ICU with stomach injuries.Sources said Kivekhu's daughter, who was also in the vehicle, escaped unharmed.Security has been beefed up across the state to prevent further escalation of factional clashes, police sources said. The security forces and the Assam Rifles have been pressed into service to prevent movement of armed cadres and to ensure that the Ceasefire Ground Rules are adhered to, sources said. AR personnel are to be deployed near NSCN-designated camps.Meanwhile, with the increase in inter-factional rivalry in the state resulting in firing and disturbing the peace of populated areas, the IGAR (N) has assured the general populace that security forces would be deployed around the designated camps of the two factions to deter unauthorized movement of armed cadres to and from the camps.A press release issued by IGAR (N) said the security forces would carry out spot-checking in the region to protect innocent civilians. The aim of the security forces is to defer the unauthorized move of armed cadres from the designated camps, the release said. The IGAR (N) sought the cooperation of the common people and also appealed to all NGOs, civil societies, Naga Hohos and the Church to ensure that good sense prevails among the Nagas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11595562", "title": "EC to keep watch on \u2018dummy\u2019 candidates", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration is taking measures to keep a strict vigil on 'dummy candidates' being fielded by political parties as their poll expense accounts could be used to adjust excess expenditure incurred by the main contenders during election campaigns.The Election Commission has set a maximum limit of Rs 16 lakh towards poll expenses. However, some parties get nominations filed by dummy candidates and avail the facilities given to them during polls, like vehicles, polling agents, etc, and use it for campaigns of their winning contender. These expenses are then adjusted in the electoral expense accounts of dummies while at the same time not crossing the maximum expense limit.The EC noticed the rampant use of such dummies in the past elections and has strictly directed the district administration to take all steps to curb this malpractice. Three flying squads set up at assembly levels in Noida, Dadri, Jewar, apart from the 16 static surveillance teams at the levels of police stations, would assist the district administration to check and report such instances.\"A close watch would be kept to check if vehicles of one candidate are used for campaigns of other candidates,\" said ADM(E), Sushil Kumar Maurya. \"It will also be checked if vehicles of one candidate are used to carry canvassing or campaigning materials of other candidates. If any such instance is found, notices will be issued to the dummy candidate and to the one availing such services,\" added Maurya.The three video filming teams and three video analysis teams set up by the administration would assist it by spot video filming the campaigns of candidates.Assembly Election 2012UP assembly election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11595831", "title": "Never got help from govt, says Sindhutai", "text": "VADODARA: She was married off at the age of 10 and was deserted by her husband when 20. However, 64-year-old Sindhutai Sapkal now provides shelter to hundreds of orphans and aged people in Maharashtra. Sindhutai, who runs three orphanages in Maharashtra, was in the city on Sunday to inspire people by talking about her life and adventures. Sindhutai, fondly called 'Maai', says that she never got any help from Maharashtra government.The determined lady, who was won 272 awards, has till date adopted over 1,000 orphan children, many of whom have gone on to become doctors and engineers. \"I approached Maharashtra government several times for help but I never got it. I used to beg earlier for helping needy people and I will continue to do so. I will keep serving people but never join politics,\" Sindhutai said. A movie made on her life 'Me Sindhutai Sapkal Boltiye' has won national award.The most interesting decision of Sindhutai's life was to hand over her biological girl to a trust so that she doesn't prejudice between her daughter and the adopted children. \"I always advise my children to never forget their roots and help needy people in life,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594453", "title": "NIDians\u2019 unity tune to immortalize folk songs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the lines of Michael Jackson's 'We are the world' or India's 'Mile sur mera tumhara,' in which each song in a regional language was made vibrant with the signature tunes of renowned artists, a new song to archive folk songs of various regions across the country is evolving at the National Institute of Design. The song called, 'Ek mitti, ek khushbu,' will be written, composed and sung by the students of the country's premier design school as a part of their elective course.Faculties of NID and Rajat Dholakia, who along with A R Rahman had composed the music for the song 'Sasural genda phool\" in the film 'Delhi 6,' will guide the team of 15 design students.\"Students at NID had come to the institute with a purpose and the motive of this project is to solidify that purpose. The course aims to evoke the interest of students towards folk songs and train them on various ways of reviving these songs,\" said Dholakia.The process began with students from different parts of the country like Assam, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Punjab, Andhra Pradesh bringing three folk songs each from their regions and sharing them with the rest of the team. The exercise rendered a catalytic effect to the students' appreciation for folk songs.Talking about the way in which the team is planning to go about, faculty NID Lalit Lad, who is anchoring the course, said: \"Everything will be done by the students. We are just guiding them. The students have composed the tune and the lyrics are in the final stages. We will soon begin with the recording. This will also be done in-house.\"The song's length will be about 12 minutes and around 10 different folk songs will be sung in the respective languages. While the song will be ready by January 27, the team is planning to share their work by uploading it on social networking websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11599574", "title": "Former DMK minister arrested on land grabbing charges", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former DMK minister M P Swaminathan was on Monday arrested at Tirupur near here in connection with a land grabbing case, police said.The former Highways minister was arrested from his residence, the police said.Swaminathan, who is the party's Tirupur district secretary, was arrested on a complaint of land grabbing from a man from Moovanoor town near Tirupur, they said.Many senior leaders and former ministers of the DMK have been arrested and jailed on land grab charges since the AIADMK government assumed office last May.Former ministers K Ponmudi, K N Nehru, Veerapandi Arumugham and others are amongst those arrested. The government has sup special cells to investigate land grab complaints.State police have also registered a land grab case against former deputy chief minister M K Stalin and his son Udayanidhi Stalin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11595521", "title": "Kutch milk producers set up two services firms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Is a silent, second white revolution is taking place in Kutch? Farmers have come together to set up two companies to provide affordable back-end services to the dairy sector.Farmers in Abdasa taluka of Kutch have set up Shree Abdasa Taluka Krishi Avam Pashupalan Vikas Producer Company Limited (SATKAPVPCL), a first-of-its-kind producer company in Gujarat on December 23 focusing on dairy and animal husbandry sector.Similarly on the same working model, farmers in Anjar district have set up a second producer company as Upaj Producer Company Limited in Dudhai, Kutch on December 28. Both companies have been registered under the Companies Act 1956.Jayesh Lalka, chief executive officer, SATKAPVPCL, said, \"The objective of the companies is to provide affordable backend services to milk producers. In the land of powerful dairy co-operatives, we chose to go for a company model because there is a lot of political interference in a co-operative structure in Kutch while a trust cannot be set up with the objective of doing business.\"The objective of both the companies is to provide affordable back-end services like cattlefeed, health package service for cattle, insurance, appointing livestock inspectors and vets, among other services to the dairy sector in Kutch. The companies are expected to benefit over 1,500 milk producers in 70 villages of Abdasa and Anjar.Both companies have been set under the Drought Proofing Program-II of Kutch Nav Nirman Abhiyan (KNNA) funded by Ford Foundation (Delhi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11595505", "title": "IMC to give facelift to 150 city gardens, to spend Rs 1.7 crore", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will spend about Rs 1.7 crore to give a facelift to its 150 parks by installing new lighting systems, plantation and beautification works. A Major share of the fund will be utilised for lighting the gardens and a proposal in this regard has been approved by the Mayor-in-Council (MIC).Accordingly, the corporation will spend Rs 1 crore to install lighting systems in about 100 gardens, while Rs 15.20 lakh will be spent on plantation works in 103 gardens and Rs 13.50 lakh will be spent on installing swings in 150 gardens. The civic body will install cement benches in 150 parks at a cost of Rs 18.24 lakh and Rs 19.80 lakh has been earmarked for installing slides. The beautification works are expected to be over in the next few months.Mayor Krishna Murari Moghe said the beautification of the parks is important and lighting is significant as people use gardens for walking and recreational activities in the evening.As of now, the IMC has around 600 gardens out of which only 370 gardens have nearly 9,000 trees. Around 230 existing gardens are not developed - most of these gardens have either turned into dumping grounds or grazing ground for cattle. However, IMC has selected only 150 gardens for beautification and development. Civic officials said the remaining gardens would be taken up in the next phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11594242", "title": "Alert cops rescue man from kidnappers", "text": "VARANASI: Quick action by police resulted in rescuing a travel agency owner from the clutches of his kidnappers in Shivpur area on Sunday. All the four kidnappers were arrested with their van.According to reports, one Durga Prasad Shukla (40), a resident of Surya Apartments in Chitaipur area under Manduadih police station limits, runs a travel agency for past 15 years. Six months back, he had sold a car to Shushant Jha of Bihar.As per the deal, Shushant had paid Rs 90,000 and Shukla had assured that the remaining monthly instalments of the bank would be deposited by him to repay the loan amount taken at the time of purchasing the car. However, Shukla did not deposit the remaining instalments to clear the bank dues. So the bank authorities took the car in their possession.Angered over it, Shushant, along with Makhanchu, Pintu and Anand, reached Surya Apartments in a van and forcibly boarded Shukla in their vehicle. Thereafter, they headed towards Sindhora Road. But when the van was passing through Bhojubir crossing under Shivpur police station area, one of the Shushant's aide opened a window of the van.On seeing policemen at the crossing, Shukla raised an alarm. On hearing his cries, the cops alerted the police control room through wireless and all the borders of the district were sealed. The cops caught the kidnappers in Shivpur area and rescued Shukla.LPG cylinders recoveredDuring a police raid, an illegally operating LPG cylinder refilling unit was unearthed in Dhelvaria area under Jaitpura police station limits on Sunday. Police arrested one person and seized 14 big and 10 small cylinders.Fire at airport: Due to a short circuit, electricity cables near gate number three of old terminus building of Babatpur Airport caught fire on Sunday afternoon. The CISF personnel extinguished the fire.5 killed in road mishapsTwo persons were killed while three others suffered injuries when an SUV (Bolero) hit a stationary truck near Jivali petrol pump under Bardah police station area in Azamgarh district on Sunday morning. According to reports, the SUV was heading towards Azamgarh from Jaunpur district in the morning. When it was passing through Jivali area, the driver failed to see a stationary truck, and hit it from the rear side. Driver Bhim Singh (40) and Akhilesh Singh (50), sitting in front seats, died on the spot in this incident. Three injured persons were referred to Varanasi.In another incident near Thekma Bazaar under Bardah police station limits, the gram pradhan of Abatar village under Gambhirpur police station limits, Surendra Singh, was killed when his motorcycle collided with a trolley on Sunday.In the third incident, one Alok (8) of Mubarakpur area under Atraulia police station limits died when a car crushed him near his residence.In the fourth incident, Akhilesh Ram (18), a native of Bilaria village under Narahi police station limits, was killed when a pick-up vehicle hit him near his residence on Saturday night in Ballia district. He was rushed to the district hospital where he succumbed to his injuries during the course of treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11594702", "title": "Swami Vivekanand birth anniversary: Rogi Narayan Puja organised", "text": "VARANASI: The years old tradition of Rogi Narayan Puja, marking the official celebration of 149th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanand which is observed every year on January 12 and January 15 (according to Hindi calendar), was organised by Ram Krishna Mission Home of Service, Varanasi at Ram Krishna Mission Hospital (Kaudiya Hospital), Kamachha, on Sunday.According to Swami Annapurnanand, secretary of Ram Krishna Mission Home of Service, Varanasi, hundreds of men and women devotees, including several schoolchildren, were present there to pray for the long life of patients suffering from ill health.The prayers was strictly based on the philosophy of 'Shiv Gyan se Jeev Seva' given by Vivekanand. According to him, prayer began with the Vedic mantras and patients admitted in the hospital were offered flower garlands, fruits and holy prasad. All the wards were decorated with flowers and stages were prepared for holding cultural programmes in different wards.A play based on the life of Swami Vivekanand staged by school children was appreciated by all the patients. On the occasion Swami Mukteshwaranand, Swami Neelkanthanand and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597114", "title": "Bathinda DEO transferred", "text": "Bathinda DEO (secondary) Harbans Singh Sidhu has been transferred following complaints of him supporting the SAD candidate.Congress candidate Jeet Mahender Singh Sidhu had claimed that the DEO was supporting SAD candidate Amarjeet Sidhu.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11597133", "title": "Man murdered over money", "text": "BANGALORE: A man released recently from jail was stabbed to death by his friend over monetary matters in Byatrayanapura off Mysore Road on Sunday. The victim has been identified as Rajesh. Police are looking for Abel and four others for allegedly murdering Rajesh.Rajesh had been arrested for attempted robbery.Rajesh had an argument with Abel over money and assaulted him. This incident took place near Rajesh's house at Ambedkar Nagar in Bytarayanapura around 2.30pm.Abel and four others returned at 6pm. They assaulted and stabbed Rajesh in the neck. The assailants fled from the spot and Rajesh was left bleeding on a vacant site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11596658", "title": "Joshi, Vasan meeting to push TN road project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over delays in implementation of the elevated Chennai Port-Maduravoyal road, a top level meeting between highways minister C P Joshi and shipping minister G K Vasan will be held in Chennai on Monday. The meeting has been reportedly called by Vasan, and will be attended by senior officials of Tamil Nadu government.Sources in the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) said the project has faced hurdles due to non-availability of land on certain stretches of this 19-km corridor, out of which 17 km will be elevated. \"There are some issues relating to the rehabilitation of families which would be displaced for this road work. The meeting involving all government stakeholders will help resolve the sticky issues,\" a highways ministry official said.NHAI officials said the Rs 1,655 crore road project would be delayed at least by one year. The original deadline of the project was September 2013. They added that only six months back, the project received environmental clearance. \"It's a crucial project since the road will improve the port connectivity and bypass the city,\" said an official.The elevated corridor is seen as the solution to the chaos on roads leading to the port, as container traffic has increased manifold in the past few years. The delay was also highlighted by port operators at the recently held India Maritime Week in the capital where private players had stressed on fast tracking port connectivity projects.Officials said the two central ministers will also review progress of the Chennai-Tuticorin port connectivity which started in June last year. They said the project is likely to be completed within the given deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595107", "title": "Poll awareness rally on January 25", "text": "KANPUR: With a view to create awareness about the importance of voting, a rally would be taken out across the city on January 25.It would be taken out under the aegis of Matdaata Jagrukta Abhiyan on the instructions of Election Commission. On January 25, Rashtriya Matdaata Jagrukta Divas would be observed.On Wednesday, the rally would start from Green Park stadium. District magistrate Hari Om would remain present. He would ask the participants to take an oath that they cast the vote.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11595620", "title": "Ganga water project has no adverse environmental impact, say RWAs", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Residents of the city say that they do not foresee any adverse environmental impact due to implementation of the Ganga water project of the Greater Noida Authority. Instead, they want the project to be completed soon so that fresh Ganga water blended with groundwater can be supplied to their homes.This decision was taken in a meeting of all RWAs on Sunday in which a consultant appointed by the NCR Planning Board had come to prepare the environmental impact assessment report.The Greater Noida Authority has applied for a loan of Rs 300 crore from the planning board for completing the Ganga water project in the city. The environmental impact assessment report is necessary to get the loan amount sanctioned from the planning board.\"One part of this report is to compile public opinion if any kind of adverse impact on the environment is foreseen by the residents in implementing this project,\" said an Authority official.Officials of the consultant, along with Authority officials, held a meeting with RWAs in sector Gamma-I on Sunday for public opinion on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595636", "title": "State health dept failed to give details", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will take into consideration the CAG report on National Rural Health Mission fund implementation in Uttar Pradesh which has pegged the irregularities to be around Rs 5,000 crore and is likely to register some more preliminary enquiries (PEs).The state health department failed to give proper details of spending to the tune of Rs 5,000 crore of the Rs 8,657 crore given to the state, highly placed sources in the state government said.The probe was carried out on the request of the UP chief secretary in August last year amid mounting pressure for a CBI inquiry into the scam. It was also found that the entire amount was transferred through non registered society and contracts worth Rs 1,170 crore were given against the open tendering process and agreement flouting established norms, state government sources said.Only one officer of the principal secretary rank was making all crucial purchase decisions whereas the rules suggest that three officers of this rank, including one from planning and finance department, should be part of the decision making body, they said. The issue of financial irregularities in NRHM funds came to light following the murder of two CMOs, Dr V K Arya in 2010 and Dr B P Singh in 2011 and deputy CMO Y S Sachan was found dead under mysterious circumstances in the district jail in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11597578", "title": "Love sign: The sway of her hips as she walks", "text": "LONDON: Here's a tip for men - it's a woman's sway as she walks which shows that she is ready for love, says a new study.Researchers at the University of Bretagne-Sud in France have carried out the study and found that women who are at the peak of their fertility cycles tend to wiggle than those who are not, the 'Daily Mail' reported.And, this seductive walk, which is a subtle change in behaviour , is subconscious but has clear evolutionary benefits - as it makes a woman appear more attractive just at the time when she is most likely to fall pregnant, says the study.The researchers, led by professor Nicolas Gueguen, have based their findings on an analysis of the alluring sway of 103 young single women. In fact, each volunteer was individually asked to sit in a room and wait. After a short time, an \"attractive\" man entered and sat with them. The man was asked to smile at them and engage them in friendly conversation.The man then accompanied the women down a corridor to the laboratory, where they were told the research would take place. But without their knowledge, the man deliberately walked behind to secretly film them.Once they reached the room, the women's saliva was tested, but with their consent.The results showed women at the peak of their fertility cycles were rated an average of 2.96 on the scale for sexiness, compared with 2.31 for those at the least fertile point. The most fertile women also took about three seconds longer on average to complete the same short walk.Gueguen said: \"We found that women near ovulation spent more time walking down a long hallway and their gaits were perceived to be sexier by males. Such results confirm subtle behavioural cues are influenced by menstrual cycle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596874", "title": "Technology makes life difficult for pickpockets", "text": "MUMBAI: A middle-aged sales executive looks sharp as he steps out of the bank and walks briskly towards the taxistand. From his body language, a gang of three pickpockets easily guesses that the 'maal' (cash) is kept in his front, left trouser pocket, as his left hand constantly pats that area. In less than 20 seconds, his pocket is picked, as two of the men distract him while the third 'kalakar' (artiste) commits the crime.The scene could very well have been in the Bombay of the 1980s and '90s, when credit cards and debit cards were rare. Today, the sly and wily crime of 'pocketmaari', which has existed since the Dickensian days of Oliver Twist, is on the decline in the metropolis.In 2011, only 10 cases were registered by the Navi Mumbai police, while 172 chain-snatchings were recorded.The same year, in the larger Mumbai police jurisdiction, 162 cases of pickpocketing were registered, while 1,666 chain-snatchings were reported.\"The biggest reason for pickpocketing cases to drop is people switching to plastic money,'' said Mumbai's joint commissioner (crime) Himanshu Roy. \"We have learned this during the interrogation of pickpockets. Earlier, people would carry large amounts of cash in wallets. Now, cash is carried in smaller quantities, only for conveyance or to buy a snack. Finding ATM cards in a stolen wallet is not such an attractive option for pickpockets,'' added Roy.Roy said it doesn't mean pickpockets have reformed, as they have taken to other forms of crime-like stealing spareparts of automobiles and chain-snatching.A crime detection official from Navi Mumbai reasoned: \"Today, the market rate of gold is over Rs 27,400 per 10 gm, so it is much more lucrative for criminals to snatch a gold chain and flee, instead of learning the difficult skill of pickpocketing.''He added that of the 10 cases of pickpocketing in Navi Mumbai last year, seven took place in public transport buses, while three were in crowded places.A veteran 'chindi chor' (minor thief) from Kurla who earlier dabbled in pickpocketing, commented: \"Besides ATM cards, we nowadays avoid stealing expensive smartphones as their original owners can easily trace the items. Technology has made life difficult for us thieves!''Surge in motor vehicle theftsIn 2010, Mumbai police recorded 179 cases of pickpocketing. Figure decreased by 9% in 2011; only 162 cases were registeredCompared to decline in pickpocketing in Mumbai, there was a surge in motor vehicle thefts; 1,540 four-wheelers and 2,606 twowheelers were stolen in 2011 in Mumbai. In 2010, 1,160 four-wheelers and 2,506 two-wheelers were stolen. In fact, surging figures of vehicle theft have prompted police to plan a cell to solve only such casesIn Navi Mumbai, crime graph for pickpocketing remained almost same in 2010 and 2011, with 10 cases. Most were in crowded buses.Compared to these low figures of pickpocketing, motor vehicle thefts in Navi Mumbai were high; 913 cases were registered in 2011. In 2010, there were 1,004 cases registered in Navi Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595322", "title": "Weatherman predicts long winter", "text": "KANPUR: The bright sunshine since early morning on Sunday gave respite to the people from the biting cold. The maximum temperature rose. The chilly winds blowing on Saturday night caused discomfort to the poor and homeless people. The minimum temperature stood at 4.6 degrees.Humidity dipped due to bright sunshine. It was recorded at 83 per cent in the morning which reduced to 42 per cent in the afternoon.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the prevailing weather conditions will continue for some more days. The meteorologists also predicted a long spell of winters this year.\"The trend of developing cyclonic and anti-cyclonic conditions is continuing. It is a sign of long winters which may continue even till the end of March,\" CSA meteorologist Anirudh Dubey said.The prolonged winters may cause rains after every warm spell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11596926", "title": "Scotland\u2019s freedom cry brews whisky war with Britain", "text": "LONDON: Britain has said that it would stop promoting for free the famous Scotch whisky through its diplomatic missions abroad if Scotland declares independence, a media report said.British foreign secretary William Hague told a private meeting that Scotland's most famous export, the whisky, would be hit by a foreign office ban if the country breaks away from the UK, the Daily Mail reported.According to Hague, Britain's 140 embassies and high commissions promote whisky for free. But, if Scotland goes it alone, embassies will stop promoting the drink and Edinburgh would have to take over the job and pay for it, he said.Last year, whisky exports earned Scotland \u00a33billion , equal to \u00a3125 a second and more than 20% up on 2010.Scottish first minister Alex Salmond recently said he wanted to hold a referendum in late 2014 on breaking away from the rest of the UK. But, British PM David Cameron had said it should be held sooner rather than later to dispel the uncertainty which is affecting the Scottish economy. Both the leaders are to meet within weeks for talks about holding a referendum on Scottish independence.The talks were revealed as opinion polls showed that support for a break up of the Union is higher in England than it is north of the border.Scots do not want the English to meddle in whether they end their 300-year union with England, but British voters are keener to have a say in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597038", "title": "'Political space is for parties'", "text": "The hype created around the activities of Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda pertaining to this assembly election is not going down well with similar organizations in Punjab, with one of them saying that marketing the visits of political leaders and candidates is not on their agenda.\"We are focusing on our spiritual and social activities rather than indulging in marketing the visits of political leaders and candidates even as many of the top leaders of almost all the political parties have already visited our Sansthan,\" said Amar Srivastva, president of Yuva Parivar Sewa Samiti, an affiliate of Divya Jyoti Jagriti Sansthan (DJJS), which has a large following in the region. Sansthan has stated that it wishes to leave the political space for political parties.Sources in various deras of Doaba region said their heads and prominent leaders felt that the publicity around Sirsa dera's activities indicated as if it was the only 'cult' that mattered to win the elections. This, sources said was happening even as leaders of political parties were making a beeline for other deras as well.\"We have a considerable following in other states as well but there also we have never tried to indulge in political maneuverings or to show our political muscle to the people and the parties,\" Srivastva said.\"We are not asking our followers about support or opposition to any party as we wish to leave the political space for political parties and we believe in only giving general and moral guidance to one and all, including the politicians,\" said Srivastva, a confidant of DJJS head Baba Ashutosh.Recently, AICC general secretary and state Congress affairs in-charge Gulchian Singh Charak visited the Sansthan headquarters in Nurmahal and held a meeting with the dera head.\"We also have following in lakhs and have never tried to give figures about the seats that we hold an influence over. But big claims are regularly appearing in newspapers about the big sway of Sirsa dera on five dozen seats,\" said leader of another dera.In an interview to TOI, top BJP leader and leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley had said deras should leave the politics to political parties.Meanwhile, sources in other deras said they were concerned that through such publicity - especially about the visits of candidates to the Sirsa dera - it appeared as if that was the biggest and the most influential one in Punjab.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11595971", "title": "\u2018Condom use drops in TN among high risk groups\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Unprotected sex may be on the rise as condom usage is going down, say Tamil Nadu officers involved in AIDS awareness campaigns in the state. According to sources in the Tamil Nadu State Aids Control Society (TANSAC), usage of condoms in the high risk groups has of late dropped by 20 %.Two years ago, Tamil Nadu boasted of over 85% usage of condoms. But, recent statistics show that condom usage has dropped to 65%.\"The percentage decrease is based on statistics of 2010,\" said a TANSAC officer, not willing to be named. \"But it is not merely the number of people using it that has dropped. The number of instances of its usage too has reduced. Previously, individuals in these groups used condoms on at least eight out of 10 occasions. But now this has decreased to six times out of 10.\"High risk groups include commercial sex workers, migrant workers, truckers, men who have sex with men (MSM) and injecting drug users. The officer observed that the decrease in usage may be due to a decrease in the intensity of campaign or increase in casual sex or both. \"There is a definite increase in the instances of casual unprotected sex among youngsters up to the age of 35 today,\" the officer added.However, sources in National Aids Control Organisation (NACO) disputed the claim, setting the stage for a hot centre-state debate on the issue. \"We shall be releasing our latest statistics soon,\" said a senior NACO officer on condition of anonymity. \"Although we haven't fully analysed it yet, I do not think it would be entirely correct to say that condom usage is going down.\"But statistics furnished by the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy show that condom manufacture reached an all-time low in 2011. According to the statistics furnished upto November 2011, condom production has gone down by nearly 30% since 2006.Moreover, condom production was at its lowest in the last 10 years in the month of August 2011 with only 1.6 million pieces as opposed to an average of 2.5 million pieces per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596012", "title": "Woman, sons found dead in flat, husband critical", "text": "PUNE: A woman and her two minor sons were found dead while her husband, an electrical contractor, was found in a critical condition at their rented one-bedroom flat at Dhayari on Sinhagad road on Sunday morning. The police suspect that the contractor overdosed his sons on sedatives before he and his wife consumed the same medicines in a bid to end their lives.The contractor, Arun Palkar (42), has been admitted to a private hospital at Ambegaon. \"A suicide note found in the flat clearly showed that Palkar was frustrated and depressed. He appeared to be a superstitious man,\" inspector Sardar Patil of the Haveli police station told TOI.The family lived at Samarth Vandan society, Ganeshnagar, in the Dhayari area. Palkar's wife, Anita (41), was a homemaker. The older son, Omkar (11), was studying at Sanas school on Sinhagad road while the younger boy, Omprakash (6), was in Tiny Tots school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599836", "title": "Raj Babbar decides to reveal all in \u2018book of pain\u2019", "text": "Smita was a part of me, Raj Babbar had said in a media interview years back.However, the rumours surrounding his conduct vis-a-vis his wife who passed away due to childbirth complications in 1986, never ceased to haunt the actor. Raj Babbar had been accused of using Smita Patil to further his career. It was rumoured that the actor had neglected his love child Prateik and had refused to take his responsibility as a father. And though the actor had kept quiet through all such accusations, he has now decided to break his silence.\"So far I've felt that if the truth hurts the people close to you, it is not worth telling. I've always thought about my family. And that surely includes Prateik. The good of my family is my primary concern. However, now everyone feels that it's about time I told my version of the truth. And I agree,\" said Babbar.The actor-politician is all set to tell the true story - his story. He wants to reveal what really happened between him and Smita and all the agony he had to go through watching his son grow up from a great distance.A friend of the actor revealed, \"The Smita-Raj relationship has been constantly scrutinized. Invariably, Raj has been portrayed as the villain. He has taken the slander lying down since he didn't want Prateik's growing years to be affected in any way. As it is, Prateik grew up without a father's presence. The last thing Raj wanted was to be a tell-tale father.\"But now that Prateik is old enough to have assumed an individual identity, and drop his father's surname, Raj Babbar has decided to pen what he calls 'a book of pain'.\"When Prateik dropped his surname, it was like an effort was being made to wipe out the boy's paternal legacy. Raj has kept quiet long enough. We've been telling him to tell his side of the story for years. And he has finally agreed,\" added the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596163", "title": "110 special autorickshaws to carry wet, dry garbage", "text": "PUNE: While the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC) has purchased specially-designed autorickshaws, which can carry dry and wet garbage in separate compartments, the very purpose of buying these vehicles lie defeated as garbage is not segregated at source.The PCMC has purchased a total of 110 hopper autorickshaws with the facility to carry dry and wet garbage separately in a single vehicle. Under the JNNURM, the Union government had sanctioned the project with a total expenditure of Rs 70.34 crore for house-to-house collection, transportation and disposal of garbage. The government had approved the purchase of 362 hopper rickshaws. However, since the waste is not segregated, the vehicles collect mixed waste, which is then segregated by collectors at assigned spots. The PCMC has received over Rs 37 crore from the Union and state governments under JNNURM for proper garbage collection and disposal.For collection of garbage, the municipal area is divided into four zonal areas.SWaCH, a NGO that is part of the Kagad Kach Patra Kashtakari Panchayat, collects garbage door-to-door in zones A and D. In the remaining two zones, a private contractor carries out the work. SWaCH members collect 250 tonne mixed garbage from 2.5 lakh homes everyday. The private contractor, too, collects around the same quantity of garbage everyday from zones B and C. However, there is no segregation of garbage at source.PCMC officials said while they would be roping in private agencies to create awareness about segregation of garbage, the corporation has already been collecting hotel waste and vegetable waste separately. SWaCH, too, is doing partial separation of garbage, the officials said.Baba Kamble, president, Kashtakari Kamgar Panchayat, said, \"The Pimpri Chinchwad city has received the best city award for its development work carried out under the JNNURM scheme. But the funds received under the JNNURM schemes have not been utilised as per norms. The development in Pimpri Chinchwad city has not been planned by keeping the common man as the focal point.\"Manav Kamble, president, Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti said, \"The civic body has not provided space to SWaCH so that its members can segregate the garbage. Moreover, the garbage is being dumped anywhere which is a nuisance to the local residents as it causes environmental and health problems.\"\"Development of the infrastructure is not the only duty of a municipal corporation. It should work for providing better health and other amenities to the residents. It is misuse of funds of JNNURM scheme has not been used properly for the benefit of the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596814", "title": "\u2018Most highway mishaps in state due to human error\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: State transport commissioner V N More on Sunday said a large number of mishaps on the state's highways-especially those involving heavy vehicles-were due to human error.He stated that there was need to introduce a special training for drivers of trucks, trailers and buses. \"Currently, the training imparted by driving institutes is inadequate. We must tie up with Industrial Training Institutes to impart special skills on driving for heavy motor vehicles,\" More added .More was speaking at the 'National Convention on Road Safety and Transport Sector' organized by All-India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC). A specialized course will be prepared to train drivers of heavy vehicles. The aim will be to minimize road mishaps and sensitize drivers to road safety and traffic discipline, sources said AIMTC president Bal Malkit Singh said the transporters had decided to form a committee comprising government officials and vehicle manufacturers. \"The panel will address issues faced by the transporters with focus on safety measures on the road. There is a shortage of drivers with good motoring skills,\" he said.Experts said India had the dubious distinction of having the highest number of road accidents and related injuries. Over one lakh people lost their lives annually in road accidents across the country. \"On an average, one person dies every six minutes on the road in India,\" Singh said.Experts said remedial measures to avert mishaps on the road should be put in place. They also discussed the setting up of medical facilities on highways to save lives during the 'golden hour' after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595082", "title": "ASI lodges FIR against illegal constructions near Kotla Feroze Shah", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is having a hard time keeping tabs on illegal constructions within the prohibited and regulated zones of all centrally-protected monuments in the city.A year-and-a-half after the new ASI Act came into effect, which banned construction work in these zones till due clearance was given from the proposed National Monuments Authority, complaints of illegal constructions have only increased.Earlier this week, ASI filed a fresh FIR against unauthorized construction in Vikram Nagar near the Tughlaq-era Kotla Feroze Shah in central Delhi.According to the complaint, the construction work was being undertaken within 100m of the monument in violation of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010.Sources said additional storeys were being built in a private residence in Vikram Nagar without the necessary approvals. Under the new Act, no constructions can take place till the clearance is given by the NMA. However, the clearance process is taking much longer than expected.With NMA being formed just a few weeks ago, there is an immense backlog that has to be cleared. \"Upto 40 cases are being cleared almost on a daily basis by the competent authority and the recommendations sent to NMA. But the final approval has to come from them,'' said a source.The Vikram Nagar colony, next to Kotla Feroze Shah and Khooni Darwaza, has been a problematic area for ASI for some time now. Some 180-odd families, who were allotted these houses after Partition, reside here. Since this is a refugee colony, and the only one in Delhi where the residents have not been rehabilitated yet, the families here have started building additional floors to cope with their growing families.The ASI Act, however, barrs any construction within 100m of the monument and those where the height of the building could tower over the Kotla ruins.Earlier too, ASI had filed a number of complaints of illegal constructions in this area, but sources said they have to be cautious in handling the issue as this is a refugee colony and any slip ups on their part could create a law-and-order problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596394", "title": "Names not to be deleted till poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Names that have appeared on the final electoral roll of Uttar Pradesh published on January 2, 2012 will now not be deleted until the electoral process is over. In a letter to the chief electoral officer of the state, the Election Commission of India has said that in an election year deletions of names are not permitted after final publication of electoral roll, except in confirmed cases of death, that too, with documentary evidence.Modifying this rule, this year, ECI has directed that after the final publication of electoral roll in January, this year, no deletions shall be done for \"any reasons whatsoever\" till the election process in Uttar Pradesh is over.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11597055", "title": "Poor power to the people", "text": "BANGALORE: The energy situation may be grave across the state in general and the city in particular. But graver is the quality of power supplied. A city like Bangalore not only wants certain quantity of power but also expects it to be up to certain standards if the energy supplied has to be of some use.The old energy infrastructure, however, develops cracks often, affecting the quality of power supplied. Like Rammurthynagar resident Ajith Kumar , people from different parts of the city have been complaining about the poor quality of power supplied.\"Jayanagar suffered last week when there was intermittent supply. If there was power for one hour, the next hour would go dark. A 66KV transformer is going to be installed in Jayanagar III Block soon. We can then hope for some quality power supply in our area,\" said N Mukunda, member of Citizen Action Forum, Jayanagar V Block.\"The problem we face nowadays is that there are frequent power cuts for brief spells. Often, it is without notice. But our jurisdictional electrical engineer is accessible and helpful and responds to the issues immediately,\" said ET Ponnukuttan, secretary, Richards' Town Citizens Association.\"Bescom holds meetings with consumers every third week and when we ask for uninterrupted supply, they have no reply. They blame KPTC for not being able to regulate the sudden spike in the load. But we are paying a good price for continuous power supply. Why can't KPTC and Bescom manage to give us quality power,\" asked Ravindra Nath Guru, resident of Banashankari II stage.Residents believe the energy department has a commitment to ensure quality power supply whenever it effects a tariff revision. Their other grouse: Bescom's complaint desk is always busy or the person taking the call will be clueless about the state of power supply. This state of the complaint desk, they believe, defeats its very purpose and makes a mockery of the utility's claim to be a service provider.TIMES VIEWThere was a time when people thought that free essential services were their birthright. But everyone now accepts that no service comes free of cost. But those who matter believe their right ends with hiking service charges. They fail to remember that they also have a duty to deliver by adhering to the highest standards of quality. Energy utilities Bescom, KPC and KPTC should remember this. It is incumbent upon the regulatory authority, the KERC, to crack the whip whenever power supplied is lacking in quality. For, consumers deserve quality power after paying through their nose for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595456", "title": "Lokur advocates alternative methods for speedy disposal of cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alternative methods of resolution is the need of the hour to speed up justice delivery and also for faster disposal of pending cases in various courts, said Madan B Lokur, Chief Justice, High Court of AP and chancellor, Nalsar University of Law, Hyderabad. \"The parliament has also accepted the fact that there needs to be an alternative form of justice. Mediation and reconciliation methods may be one of these effective forms\" he said.Lokur was speaking at the presentation ceremony of post-graduate diplomas to the students of Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) and Family Dispute Resolution (FDR) which was held at Nalsar University, Shameerpet on Sunday. About 87 students who were part of these courses were presented with diplomas and the toppers with gold and silver medals.Giving instances of the success of alternative forms of justice, mostly in family, marital and civil disputes, Justice Lokur explained \"In 2005, mediation procedures were introduced in Delhi. Initially the lawyers had lodged protests against this method but they later realized they can also be part of it and practice it. By 2007, everybody realized that mediation was a workable solution as in these two years more than 30,000 cases were settled through mediation. Even the Supreme Court has been supporting it and referred some cases for mediation.\"Earlier, Justice Lokur released the first edition of the journal \"ADR Review\" which was published by Nalsar and ICADR (International Centre for Alternative Dispute Resolution). This annual journal will have content related to alternative disputes and its resolutions. G Krishna Murthy, member and treasurer, governing council, ICADR said that since arbitration is proving to be expensive and time-consuming, mediation was emerging as a preferred method for dispute resolution which is being adopted at the highest level of domestic, economic and political areas.Veer Singh, vice-chancellor, Nalsar University of Law felt that introducing more courts and appointing additional judges may help in clearing pending cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600951", "title": "JLF discusses the future of Little magazines", "text": "As times change, will internet change the future course of Little magazines ?For years, little magazines have been the mouthpiece for voices below. Much before the internet changed the way we communicated; the little magazines were always there to give voices to poets, story writers and social activists. Speaking at a session in Jaipur Literature Festival 2012 titled 'Little Magazines: Voices from Below', writers felt that in times ahead, the little magazines will get an 'online' avatar.K Satchidanandan, famous poet from Kerala voicing his opinion in the session told the attentive audience, \"Little magazines have survived because they are non-conformist. In India, new movements and new thinking have emerged from little magazines.\" Panelists like Neerja Mattoo (who runs a little magazine in Kashmir), Lalit Kumar and Giriraj Kiradoo and Antara Dev Sen (who chaired the session) maintained that the little magazines have always faced the demand for continuous reinvention. Today many of these little magazines are there only in the web version (thanks to the low cost of maintaining a website).They all agreed that in the age of rising costs, managing a little magazine in print is no easy task. As Antara Dev Sen put it in good humour, \"The other name for little magazines is struggle. We are constantly worried about managing resources. But the struggle has been worthwhile.\"In the age of internet revolution, it is easier to reach to a much larger audience without spending much. And both Lalit Kumar and Giriraj Kiradoo have turned to the web without ever having a print version of the little magazines they run. So, probably the way to look ahead is all about 'net'gain. But will it take away the pleasure of holding a print copy of these magazines?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596110", "title": "For this spelling whiz, challenge is spelt reverse", "text": "CHENNAI: \"woh era ouy? I ma rihsihs.\" Flummoxed, are you? Well, it is pretty simple actually. It means \"I am Shishir. How are you?\" Meet 25-year-old Shishir Hathwar, the man who holds the Guinness Book of Records for spelling 50 English words backwards in 1 minute and 23 seconds. He is now attempting to break two more records: 'Most number of words to be spelt backwards in one minute' and 'Most number of words to be pronounced backwards'.An electrical engineer with Bharat Electronics , Hathwar says the art of spelling and pronouncing a word backwards was just a natural talent. \"I was surprised initially that not many others could do it. When I hear a word, I just visualize it, and read it backwards,\" he said. A voracious reader, Hathwar said his love for literature has helped. \"I read a lot of Shakespeare and Thomas Hardy . They use complicated words and sentences. I learn their spellings.\" It was 10 years ago, while walking down MG Road in Bangalore one day, that Hathwar discovered he could read words backwards.Determined not to let his talent go waste, Hathwar joined 'India Spell Bee' a company that specializes in conducting spelling contests. The spelling contest held at IIT Madras's Saarang festival was his first experience.Hathwar had the audience at the festival spell-bound as he spelt every word thrown at him by the audience in less than two seconds, even big ones like 'schizophrenia', 'punctuality' and 'uncharacteristically'.He said he wants the new generation of schoolchildren to have the training he lacked. \"Though my family was supportive, I did not have other support or training. There were hardly any spelling or word contests then. I hope to inspire more youngsters to better their spellings in such contests,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11594790", "title": "Kidney racket accused gets court breather", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has set aside a magisterial court order summoning an Amritsar-based doctor as an accused on a complaint of a kidney donor for non-payment of his dues.Additional sessions judge Rajeev Bansal quashed the summons to Dr Praveen Sareen, also allegedly involved in a kidney sale racket exposed in 2002, saying the trial court had no jurisdiction to take cognizance of the offence under the Transplantation of Human Organs Act.The trial court order had come on a complaint by Mohd Nizam, who had listed Sareen as a witness in the case involving donation of his kidney in a Ranchi hospital at his behest. According to the complaint, Nizam was promised a sum of Rs 1.5 lakh which he did not get.Sareen had contended that the Transplantation of Human Organs Act did not apply to Jharkhand till October 2006, while the transplant operation had been done in January 2006. Sareen is alleged to be the kingpin of an illegal kidney transplant racket, involving over 1,500 transplants in Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595438", "title": "Congress dissidents gherao minister", "text": "KANPUR: Continuing the protest over giving tickets to undeserving candidates in different Assembly constituencies in the city, the members of Congress Bachao Morcha gheraoed Union minister of state for rural development Pradeep Aditya Jain on Sunday.The minister's cavalcade, heading towards Shivli, was stopped in Kalyanpur. The dissents shouted anti-Congress slogans. The members of Morcha said that the mission of Rahul Gandhi of winning UP elections would foil. The angry party workers squatted in front of the cavalcade and did not let him move ahead. Jain was accompanied by Rajaram Pal, Congress MP from Akbarpur.The dissents showed placards to Pradeep Jain with slogans of saving Congress mentioned on it.The agitated lot demanded tickets for the Assembly elections. They said that the tickets given to a few candidates has been done on the basis of monetary benefits. The dissidents blamed Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal and Rajaram Pal in playing an important role in the ticket distribution to those who do not deserve it.Dhani Rao Panther, Pawan Gupta and other members of Congress Bachao Morcha urged Jain to fix their meeting with Rahul Gandhi so that they could speak to him and bring the matter into his notice.The two said that out of the 14 state Assembly seats of Kanpur and Ramabai Nagar districts, no seat has been offered to woman candidate.Jain gave assurance to the agitators that their demands would be taken care of. He then moved towards Shivli, where he had to attend a political programme. A nine-point memorandum was handed over to the Jain.This group had organised a 'Sadhbuddhi Yagya' at Shikshak Park on Thursday.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596619", "title": "Sunny days ahead, says met dept", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the minimum temperature settling at a little over five degrees celsius and the difference between the maximum and minimum temperature exceeding 10 degrees celsius for the last three days, weathermen expect a sizeable upward jump due to intermittent rainfall in the coming days.Such a scenario has led Tricity residents to feel colder than before, but this is going to change starting Monday as weather experts at Chandigarh meteorological department predict light rainfall for Tricity region.Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh met director Surender Paul said, \"We expect rainfall in the next couple of days and that would lead to a drop in the maximum temperature and a rise in the minimum temperature. Western disturbances are likely to hit the region within the next 48 hours and these are likely to bring rainfall to the region. We expect the next few days to be overcast with light rainfall in Tricity.\"He said, \"When we have overcast conditions, there is no sunshine and as such range of temperature decreases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11597480", "title": "Burning waste: IMA warns of serious consequences", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has warned the authorities against the decentralized waste management system for the city advocated by the state government.Experts at a district seminar organized by the IMA warned the authorities of serious health consequences if they go ahead with the plan. \"The idea proposed by the civic authorities to dig pits and bury the waste in it or to burn the waste in public places will have serious consequences. Burying of waste could contaminate the ground water, especially in a city like Thiruvananthapuram. The burning of waste too is not recommended because the fumes that are produced could be toxic,\" said IMA district president Dr Sreejith.He said that the civic authorities and the government should go for a centralized waste management system where in the plant can be properly monitored and certified.\"If you go for decentralized waste management, there is no guarantee that every person will have a scientific waste management system or a scientific biogas plant. It will also be a difficult task for the agencies like the Pollution Control Board to check these waste management units. Instead, if you have half a dozen centralized waste management units we can ensure safety,\" said Sreejith.The IMA observed that it was not practical to dispose the garbage generated in the households there itself.In fact, the segregation of waste should be done at the source level and waste management should be done at plants set up by the civic authorities.Sreejith said the burning of wastes could trigger serious respiratory disorders. \"Patients suffering from asthma will have serious problems with this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ochi", "code": "11597284", "title": "Drainage work across MG Road delayed again", "text": "OCHI: The work to finish off the construction of new drainages across MG Road in order to prevent water logging has come to a standstill yet again.The work scheduled to begin on Thursday was put on hold after the police asked corporation to postpone it to the last week of January. The city police expressed its opposition to the work since the detailed planning on traffic diversion and regulation has still not taken place.Although corporation wants to finish off the work before summer begins, the city police is citing shortage of staff to ensure traffic diversion and regulation. The construction of the drainage is to be carried out under the KSUDP-JNNURM project.\"It is for the third time that we are postponing the work which is already half finished. Whenever we seek permission from the police, they put forward excuses to postpone it,\" said corporation works committee chairman Soumini Jain. \"Finally, after consultation we have decided to begin the work on Januaury 22. There will be no more delay,\" she added.City traffic assistant commissioner Mohammed Rafeeq said the city has already been put under a lot of traffic regulations on account of the metro work.\"MG Road is the arterial road in the city. Any block on this road will result in chaos. We are short of traffic police personnel as lot of them are already posted for duty for the North RoB demolition. Also, several of them who are on Sabarimala duty are yet to return,\" said Rafeeq. \"We hope to chart out a detailed traffic diversion plan by January 22,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597257", "title": "The man who makes politics chuckle", "text": "Calm, composed, cheerful. On the face of it, these traits would suffice to define Devaragunda Venkappa Sadananda Gowda, Karnataka's chief minister. But there are other traits that talk up his persona. The 58-year-old Gowda is confident, candid and committed as well. You would say there are two dimensions to the man who is carving out his own political niche. Perchance, his parents named him Sadananda, and, true to his name, the smile hasn't faded from his face. From a public prosecutor to a successful politician, Gowda's journey has been a fascinating roller-coaster ride. Credited with stabilizing the BJP stronghold in Puttur, Gowda was thrown into the electoral fray when he was 36 by mentor K Rama Bhat. Though he lost his first foray in 1989, he paved the way for BJP's dominance in Puttur since becoming an MLA and, then, an MP from that constituency. In an interview to TOI, Gowda talks about his journey to the top post in the state.It is difficult to exactly sketch the past. How much does the past define you? My family came up the hard way. My father ( Venkappa Gowda) was a road gang worker; my mother (Kamala), a housewife. All we had was about half an acre of land. Despite pinching poverty at home, my father gave all his children good education. He used to give me Re 1 every week when I was in high school. All that used to remain, after spending on bus fare, was 10 paise. I did my early schooling in Kerala, high-schooling in Puttur, graduation (BSc) in Puttur (St Philomena's College), and law at Udupi (Vaikunta Baliga Law College).How did you get to politics? Was it accidental? No, it was not. In college I was a member of the Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and later became its state secretary. When I was practising at Sirsi (Uttara Kannada) as an assistant public prosecutor, BJP workers exhorted me to lead the party's Sullia unit...If you hadn't become a lawyer and politician, what would you have done? I would have remained a farmer...(smiles)Was your marriage non-accidental as well? How did you meet your wife Datty? It was an arranged match. Our families had a mutual friend, a tahsildar in Puttur. He discussed (the possibility) of an alliance with with my father-inlaw, a range forest officer. And, so, it happened...You have brought a smile to politics. Is that smile ambitious too? I aspire to carry out honestly the responsibilities given to me. Praamanikavaagi helbekaadre, nanna raajakiya jeevanadalli aadadella aakasmikavagi. (All that has happened in my political career has been fortuitous in nature.) The place where I hail from, Sullia, is a reserved constituency. The party gave me a chance to contest from Puttur, which is the neighbouring taluk. Later, the party gave me a chance to contest the Mangalore-Kodagu MP polls. When Manorama Madhwaraj vacated her Udupi-Chikmagalur seat, the party nominated me as a candidate. Even the state presidentship of the BJP was accidental.Now, I'm the chief minister; you know the circumstances which led to this development. If you see, all that has happened, happened by chance. I did not lobby for any post or position nor have I been involved in dissidence. I have accepted the responsibilities that have come my way and discharged duties to the best of my capabilities.Who was your political mentor? K Rama Bhat, who was instrumental in (getting) me to contest the state assembly polls for the first time from Puttur...But you showed him the door when you were the party president? We may have had differences...but he still is my mentor. The decision to oust him from the party was taken as a party president. It was nothing personal. I have not tolerated anybody who has worked against the party. That includes my guru.You have survived a bad bout of pancreatitis. Was coming out of it a second lease of life? It was definitely a second lease of life. But I must make it clear: if I weren't an MP, I wouldn't have got pancreatitis. Loss of sleep, irregular food habits caused it. I am very careful now and take care of my health.Can you recall the moments which have made you happy and sad in your life? There are many moments which have made me happy, I cannot recall any in particular. In general, whenever I have been given a responsibility and I have carried it out well, I feel happy. The loss of my son Kaushik in an accident (in 2003) and an accident to my other son Karthik (in 2010) have definitely been among my sadder moments in life. Namage yaryarannu ulisikollalikke yoga ideyo asthu maathra namage ide. (We can have only as much as we have been destined to have).Will you be okay with your son entering politics? Karthik won't enter politics. I know he is not interested. If he does, he will not get any assistance from me. He has to come up on his own. I will not force Karthik to join politics. I would strictly advise him not to do so. If he decides to join, it will be on his volition and not any compulsion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595430", "title": "Couple held for faking visa papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A couple from Uttar Pradesh has been arrested for furnishing fake documents to get a US visa. The fraud was, however, detected during the interviews and the accused nabbed.The woman, Swarnjeet Kaur, had claimed she worked at the deputy commissioner's office in Pilibhit, while her husband, Lakhveer Singh, a farmer, pretended to be a garment manufacturer.On January 19, the duo appeared at the embassy for the interview. A consular official grew suspicious of the authenticity of the documents. Further interviews revealed that the couple had provided false information in their applications and were holding fake government documents.The regional security officer at the embassy lodged an FIR, following which the couple was arrested.During interrogation, Kaur admitted she had lied about her occupation in her visa application and she did not work for the deputy commissioner's office. Singh, too, confessed that he was a farmer, police said.The duo told cops that they had taken the help of two agents in obtaining fake documents. They had allegedly received the document package in Green Park and were also provided transport to the embassy. Had they got the visa, they would have had to pay Rs 6 lakh to the agents, the couple said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596336", "title": "Worker held over fake 1,000 note", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police arrested a 20-year old construction worker from Jharkhand and charged him with circulating fake currency in Saidapet on Friday.Police said Muhammed, from Piyapur in Jharkhand, came to Chennai a few months ago and was working at a construction site in Pallavaram. On Friday, he went to a shop in Saidapet Bazaar and paid the owner with a 1,000 note after purchasing soap.\"The shopkeeper realised that the note was fake. He questioned Muhammed and then informed the police,\" an investigating officer said. Muhammed has been remanded to judicial custody.The Chitalapakkam police had on January 14 arrested a 20-year-old man who identified himself as Sheikh from Jharkhand. \"He purchased dates and tried to pay with a fake 1,000 note. Based on a complaint by the shopkeeper we detained him. During interrogation, he kept giving us different names,\" said Chitalapakkam crime inspector N Karnan.Police are checking whether the accused has any connection with a racket to distribute fake notes discovered in Puducherry last week. \"We received reports that the ID card of the man arrested in Chitalapakkam was found in Puducherry. We are looking for more details,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11593923", "title": "Gadkari backs Narendra Modi for PM's post", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP president Nitin Gadkari has endorsed Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for the top posts of prime minister and party head, stirring a fresh debate among GenNext leaders positioning themselves for the 2014 sweepstakes.In an interview to a TV channel, Gadkari ruled himself out of the race for the PM's post and said he would not seek an extension as party chief after his tenure ends in December. \"I will never be a candidate for PM nor will I topple anybody. Modi has good potential to be BJP president and PM,\" he said, adding, \"I am ready to work as an ordinary party worker. I will support Narendra Modi to take over the mantle.\"While he parried queries on the BJP's choice for the PM's post, saying the party would make the decision at an appropriate time, his firm endorsement of the Gujarat CM is likely to renew questions about the party's future leadership.The Hindutva strongman is seen to be a polarising figure who many feel could be an impediment in BJP attracting allies with \"secular\" claims. The hostility of Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar to Modi is known and picking the Gujarat leader could hamper alliance making, thereby negatively impacting the party's poll prospects. This is said to be the main handicap for the leader appreciated for \"good governance\".The key issue will be the organizational leadership if Gadkari refuses a second term as BJP helmsman. The party will face the question much sooner than it has to decide about elections and the PM candidate.Modi is popular with the saffron cadre and is also seen by a section as the panacea for organizational weaknesses which have hobbled the BJP in comparison to Congress.Though the decision on who should head the BJP may be an internal issue, its tricky nature stems from the fact that BJP chief would automatically get projected as the party's PM candidate.BJP strategists are eager that it forge a rainbow alliance like NDA under A B Vajpayee. But many from Vajpayee's NDA have since left, citing \"secular\" concerns, among them being Chandrababu Naidu's TDP, National Conference and BJD of Navin Patnaik .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602760", "title": "Enjoy the game of seduction", "text": "Call it foreplay, for that matter, luring your partner for an intimate encounter, seduction calls for passion as well as imagination.Are you the sexually liberated woman of today? Have you shed all your inhibitions and made the first move to go for those wonderful romantic encounters with your spouse?Well, breaking the notions about whether or not to seduce your man is one question that every woman has in her mind. The answer to this is to make an effort to find your own answer.There are many ways to woo your partner in to the bed. Simple things like whispering the wonder phrase 'I love you' in his ears while gently caressing him yield lovely results.Explore what your man likes to have before a romantic spell. Just set the mood right. If you have the Sex &amp; The City DVD with you then place the DVD cover on the bed and play the movie in the backdrop. If you have any other interesting stuff that will raise the curiosity level in your partner, by all means go for it.Disclose about the fantasies that you have never disclosed to him. Go on humming some romantic songs and try to get closer. Sharing one of the most memorable sexual encounters you had with your partner will only take the interest level to a couple of notches up. Also saying things like \"I like the way we kissed last time we made love\" will also take the mood to the next level.Your love and passion for each other will certainly let your imagination weave the magic wand of love. And enjoy the romantic spell.yvnavya@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11600488", "title": "Do nothing, accomplish more: Deepak Chopra", "text": "JAIPUR: \"Did you know - 65 percent of our DNA is the same as a banana's,\" remarked Deepak Chopra, once a medical doctor, now the most famous spiritualist of our times.Addressing a massive crowd of students, seekers and socialites assembled at 'The Return of the Rishi', a Jaipur Literature Festival event sponsored by the Times of India, Chopra first cut his audience down to size - and then linked it to a much larger picture.\"The universe is composed of billions of galaxies, trillions of planetary systems of which planet earth is just point one percent,\" he said. \"Our physical bodies are made of recycled carbon and hydrogen from super-nebula, giant red stars, dying stars. Our bodies keep changing - the last time I came to India, I had the same suitcase but a different body!\" Chopra added, \"Only our core consciousness remains singular - this is brahman or atma.\"Sporting natty jeans and wrap-around dark glasses, the modern sage kept his audience enthralled, quoting Descartes, the Bhagavad Gita, Stephen Hawking, Jawaharlal Nehru - and Nisarga Dutt Maharaj who is, as he informed listeners, \"the most enlightened paan-wala in Mumbai.\" Each had confirmed Chopra's view. \"Do as nature does - less. That way, you accomplish more. If you do nothing, you accomplish everything,\" he stated. \"Trying hard, as Oscar Wilde said, is the last refuge of the failure.\"Instead, focus on the four levels of experience - being, feeling, thinking, doing. \"To experience being, let's be silent for a moment,\" said the guru - and a thousand people sat in a hush. \"When you become aware of that silence, that's being,\" Chopra explained. \"Feeling is love, equanimity and joy. Thinking is creative action. And doing is raj-yoga, karma-yoga, gyan-yoga.\"That's all fine but what about daily stress, he was asked. \"Stress happens when you look to others for your identity,\" Chopra answered. \"My message is, just take it easy! Understand who the heck you are - how magnificent you are! Rumi said, we are the beings who came spinning out of nothing-ness, sprinkling stars like dust! We are the ones we have been looking for. When you go beyond the banality of everyday experience and see the huge, magnificent backdrop to life, you will never be stressed.\" And the socialites nodded, their bouffants bouncing, while the students confirmed approval through resounding applause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11594941", "title": "Hi-tech gear to sniff bombs", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an attempt to strengthen counter-terrorism measures, the police are procuring state-of-the-art explosive detectors. A global tender has been floated for 10 such devices, which will be used in case of blasts and terror threats.Sources said these detectors will be able to identify and detect any explosive, including RDX, TNT , dynamite, PETN, ammonium nitrate, gelatin, and even black power.Police said the devices will be able to detect and identify explosives belonging at least three broad categories: military/plastic, commercial and homemade. Sources said the detectors will have the ability to make fine distinction between explosive and non-explosive material, and false alarm rate will not exceed 3%. The devices will be able to detect minute quantities of explosives in both vapour and particle form. They will be operational in temperatures up to 55 degrees Celsius.\"The detectors are portable and will be able to identify the nature of the explosives within 10 seconds. The equipment will be ready for use the first time within 15 minutes and can be reused after detection within a minute. They will be fitted with the technology for collection of air sample of vapour particles,\" said a source.The detectors can work for about three hours at a stretch, which includes continuous vapour sampling. The police will also organizing training for the bomb squad to bring them up to speed with the latest technology. Sources said the ability of the machines to identify all manner of explosives will help in quick detection of bombs and firm up security measures.Police said the bombs used in four blast cases in the past- Mehrauli blast in September 2008, Jama Masjid blast in September 2010, and the Delhi high court blasts of May 25 and September 7- were \"not all identical\".While the explosives used in the September 7 HC blast were the most sophisticated, others were crudely made. The source said, \"The contents of the bombs used in both the HC blasts were different. These devices will help in such situations. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11596090", "title": "Melghat villages to be connected with internet", "text": "AMRAVATI: Government will soon turn techno savvy to curb malnutrition in Melghat region. Sensing that constant monitoring of the villages affected by malnutrition is of paramount importance, the government plans to connect these villages with internet, said state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaekwad.Gaekwad toured Melghat on Saturday and visited Kohana, Bhavai and Bihali villages village in Chikhaldara block and communicated with the tribal people of the villages.Addressing a press conference on Sunday Gaekwad said that he was satisfied with the work going on in Melghat but there is scope for improvement. \"We are providing livelihood, education, health facilities but constant monitoring is utmost important for which we are mulling to develop connectivity in Melghat. Soon we will connect the villages through internet for which general manager of Jijau Mission, Nandkumar and ICT officials will formulate the strategy,\" said Gaekwad.Gaekwad said that from April 1 to December 31, 2011 around 4,906 births and 203 deaths were reported in the region. Child mortality rate of country is 47 and of Melghat is 41.38. To improve the situation capacity building and creating awareness amongst the stakeholders is very important. We are aiming to bring down the malnutrition problem in Melghat in six months,\" Gaekwad said.He said that to improve the condition in Melghat, the anganwadis will be divided into three categories. In first category children under severe acute malnutrition (SAM) and moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) will be admitted while in second category children under sever under weight and moderate under weight will be admitted and in third category normal children would be admitted.\"The district administration has been contemplating over strengthening the self help groups in Melghat region. These self help groups have a stronghold and goodwill in villages and their potential can be utilized for the betterment of the affected population, Also we are exhorting some NGOs to adopt villages in Melghat,\" said Gaekwad.\"Under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) the administration has already provided work to around 16,000 people in Melghat. In future too we will try to avail more work on shelves under NREGS, said Gaekwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594858", "title": "Land dispute leads to group clash in Vastral, four injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two groups clashed over possession of two plots of land near Vastral along the Ramol ring road on Sunday afternoon. Four were injured in the incident. A firing from private weapon was also registered by city police.According to Ramol police, Kiran Patel, a resident of Vastral, filed a complaint against Mahesh Kushwaha and nine others for assault and trespassing.\"As per Patel's complaint, he owns two plots of land near the Ramol ring road. On Sunday, a group led by Kushwaha barged into the land at 12.30 pm and staked his claim on it. The two parties were in a dispute over plots. On hearing about trespassing from his guards, Patel rushed to the spot along with his men. A scuffle ensued with both the parties armed with lathis and other weapons,\" said a Ramol police official.Investigators said both the parties had staked their claim on the land four years ago and were even in talks to settle the dispute last year. However, as the discussions failed, they threatened each other of dire consequences. The land is on the ring road and is considered to be a prime location in the fast-developing area, said officials.Three cars were damaged in the incident including two SUVs belonging to both the parties whereas four persons were injured in the incident, including Vinod, brother of Kiran Patel.Vinod was stabbed in stomach by an unidentified assailant. The armed scuffle created panic among nearby residents. They informed police after which leaders of both the groups were taken to the Ramol police station. Media was barred from the meeting.Officials said they have registered the complaint of Patel and are expecting a complaint by Kushwaha for assault by Patel's men. While local residents cited it as power struggle between two influential land brokers in the area, police refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11595787", "title": "MSU syndicate polls: Countdown begins", "text": "VADODARA: As elections to the senate are wrapping up, M S University (MSU) is now set to witness another round of elections - that of the university's syndicate body. MSU's syndicate body comprises 15 elected representatives.While elections for the 14 seats will be held on February 29, elections for one seat of head of department (HoD) representative will be held on February 7.In the countdown to the syndicate polls, two candidates have filed their nomination for the one seat of HoD representative on Saturday. Head of Department of Extension and Communication at Faculty of Family and Community Sciences Rameshwari Pandya and head of Department of Surgery from Faculty of Medicine V P Hathila have filed their nominations for the election of HoD representative in which around 50 regular HoDs will vote. Whoever emerges as winner in this category of elections, will be directly elected to both syndicate and senate bodies of the university. Elections for the remaining 14 seats including that of two deans, one principal, five teachers and six persons who are neither teachers nor students of the university will be held on February 29.It is worth mentioning here that elections for only four seats of MSU's senate are pending now. While polls for the two seats of donor's category are scheduled on February 1, elections for the two seats of representatives of secondary schools will be held on January 29. Four candidates are contesting for the two seats of donor's representatives, while four principals and nine teachers are in fray for the one seat each of head of secondary schools and teachers representatives.Apart from this, elections to the other boards and councils will be also held on February 29. Elections for the five seats of teachers in PG Council, three members of the board of accounts, two members of the board of extra mural studies and one member to the Medical Council of India (MCI) will be held on February 29.In all these elections, senate members including elected and government-nominated ones, will be eligible for voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chhapar", "code": "11597409", "title": "On campaign trail in Punjab, Mayawati talks about UP", "text": "CHHAPAR: Uttar Pradesh chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati may be here to canvass for her party candidates in fray for assembly elections, but she seems more eager to talk about UP than Punjab. On her second day of campaigning in Punjab, Mayawati devoted most of her speech to counting her achievements in UP. When she did speak about Punjab, it was only in passing reference.Addressing a rally in Chhapar on Sunday, the UP chief minister slammed Congress and BJP, but did not utter a word against ruling SAD. She said Congress and BJP were the biggest enemies of poor sections of society and were trying to deprive them of reservation rights. She spoke of Punjab only at the fag end of her address, saying, \"The rich parties could try to intimidate the poor and may even lure you with offers. But you vote only for BSP, so that the party can form a government in Punjab.\"BSP general secretary and MP Narinder Kashyap and 27 contesting candidates from Sangrur, Barnala, Mansa and Ludhiana took turns addressing the people, but they did it long before Mayawati's arrival.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11596340", "title": "Blast at Manipur speaker\u2019s house", "text": "IMPHAL: Militants stepped up their attacks on Congress candidates triggering an IED blast near the gate of Manipur assembly speaker Irengbam Hemochandra Singh's residence at Singjamei in Imphal West on Sunday evening.The security guards of the speaker opened fire after the blast. The speaker wasn't present in the house at the time of the blast. The police said one person was killed in the incident, while two injured.Sources said another IED was recovered during a search by security forces in the area. Militants had also planted an IED near Hemochandra's house a few days ago but it was defused by the bomb squad. The speaker is contesting the assembly election on a Congress ticket from the Singjamei constituency.Hemochandra who rushed to his house said, \"Lot of people gather in my house every evening as the poll day is very near. It is an act of cowardice. Such an act is not the right way of thinking.\"Houses of two Congress workers in chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh's Thoubal constituency were also attacked by militants early Saturday morning. The militants planted a bomb inside the campus of Congress worker Rajen Singh's house and blasted it damaging the compound wall. Few minutes later, they hurled a hand grenade inside the house of another Congress worker and CM's close associate Gojen Singh. The grenade exploded, but didn't cause any damage.The coordinating committee of seven militant outfits, CorCom, has banned the Congress' campaign and threatened more than 2,500 Congress workers. At least 10 bomb attacks have been carried out on Congress workers in various places of the state and the police have so far recovered several IEDs planted near Congress supporters' houses.The security guards of the speaker opened fire after the blast.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11594990", "title": "310 Indian languages are nearing extinction", "text": "More than 80 years after the first Linguistic Survey of India was conducted by British officer George Grierson, six volumes of the People's Linguistic Survey of India (PLSI) were released at the 'Bhasha Vasudha', global languages conference in Vadodara on January 7. Ganesh Devy, who chaired PLSI, tells Robin David that about 20% of Indian languages are now missingHow many languages has India lost so far? Have we gained any in the last few years?The 1961 Census had listed 1,652 'mother tongues'. The 1971 Census listed only 109 'mother tongues'. It is important to note that every mother tongue claimed by a person reporting it may not be what linguists consider a 'language'. In 1971, the linguistic data offered in the Census was distributed in two categories - the officially-listed languages of the eighth Schedule of Constitution, and the other languages with a minimum of 10,000 speakers each. All other languages spoken by less than 10,000 speakers were lumped together in a single entry 'Others'. That practice continued in subsequent enumerations. Considering how complicated census operations are in countries with large migratory populations, and particularly how much the accuracy in census operations is dependent on literacy levels, it is not surprising that the data collected remains insufficiently definitive. What is surprising, however, is that as many as 310 languages, including all those 263 claimed by less than 5 speakers, and 47 claimed by less than a 1,000 speakers, are nearing extinction. These 310 'endangered' languages were included in the 1,652 mother tongues of 1961. Only 10 of these appear to be around at present. In other words, a fifth part of India's linguistic heritage has reached the stage of extinction over the last half-century.What is the rate at which we are losing languages?There is no scientific measure to decide the rate of loss. But in recent years, the 'language gap' between the older generation (60 to 80 years) and the younger generation (10 to 30 years) has increased as never before. Today's 20-year-olds can't string together a single sentence in the same language. They will mix Gujarati with English, Marathi with Hindi and so on. This is alarming.What are the main findings of PLSI?The PLSI is not fully complete. We have so far completed the work in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Orissa, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. However, the trend we have noticed in the states where the first LSI was carried out indicates that about 20% of the languages assumed to be around are missing . One aim of the PLSI is to examine the sociological composition of multilingual spaces. From that perspective, large cities in the country no longer match the character of the linguistic states. Thus Maharashtra is Marathi-speaking, but Bombay needs to be seen as a multi-lingual city, and therefore linguistically a 'national city' rather than a state capital.Have the languages that we have lost totally disappeared or do traces remain?Often, when gaining livelihood becomes impossible within a given language, large-scale 'language migrations' happen and whole communities take to speaking some other language. These communities carry traces from their earlier language to the new language zone. For instance, Indian migrants to English have brought to it 'ki' and 'hai na' (example: \"I told her ki I am glad\"; \"This is not correct, hai na?\"). Words from ancient times and languages that are no longer in use keep circulating in new languages.Which state has the maximum languages?The northern and the eastern states in India have generally greater language diversity. Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu are perhaps the states that come at the tail end of the language diversity graph.Can you briefly explain the methodology?This is a survey of languages by persons belonging to the language community. We have used a 'minimum format' for the non-scheduled languages. It includes features like name, location and local history of the languages; some samples of songs and stories, kinship terms and nominal grammar. For the scheduled languages the entries are very elaborate - almost a book length for every language. The 12 volumes that are ready run into about 6,000 pages. The completed work in 42 volumes will have about 20,000 printed pages. The work is done with the help of a large team of nearly 1,800 persons and a large multi-disciplinary National Editorial Collective of scholars.You have planned a global survey of languages too.How many countries will be covered?All countries eventually, but to begin with Papua New Guinea, Indonesia, Nigeria, Cameroon, Brazil, Congo and Australia - the countries with the largest number of languages. Scholars, cultural activists and literary persons will be the collaborators. We have created an International Bhasha Presidium for this purpose. I will function as the international secretary general for this loose federation. We hope to give a snapshot of the languages that exist around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596501", "title": "Man held with 'bike factory' for making illegal firearms", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police arrested a man near Ramgadha jungle in Bakshi Ka Talab on Sunday afternoon for selling illegal firearms. Around four country-made pistols and three half-made pistols were recovered from him. Also, the motorcycle which he used to operate his arms 'factory' was seized by the police.The arrested man was identified as Suryamohan Tiwari, a resident of Madiaon.Interestingly, Tiwari was running an arms factory on his motorcycle. He used to keep the equipment necessary for manufacturing illegal arms with him in a gunny bag, which he carried around on his motorcycle.Explaining Tiwari's modus operandi, station officer, Bakshi Ka Talab, said, suppose an order was given to the accused by someone in Barabanki. Then Tiwari would go to the district where a place was provided to him by the middleman. He would manufacture the illegal arms there and leave the place for another order.The area of Tiwari's operation was from Bakshi Ka Talab police station area in Lucknow to Barabanki. The police said that Tiwari was running the 'factory' all alone and used to remain in contact with middlemen who used to get him orders.Apart from illegal arms, three empty shells - two of .315 bore and one of .12 bore - and various other equipment needed for making the illegal arms were recovered from Tiwari's possession. The police have also seized the motorcycle which was used by Tiwari to carry the equipment.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596066", "title": "HC flays reconveyance of lands acquired by govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has highlighted the illegalities involved in buying land already acquired by government for public projects and then approaching the authorities for the land to be reconveyed. The court was dealing with petitions linked to deals where the buyer had approached the government saying he had bought the land before the authorities had taken actual possession of it and hence wanted the property titles to be reconveyed to him.The first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, dismissing appeals of one R Narendiran and three others, said: \"We have come across several cases where after the government had acquired land under the Land Acquisition Act and passed off the award or the acquisition having been affirmed by the court, the land holders sell their properties and the purchasers, on the basis of that sale, move the government or court for disposal of the representation submitted by them regarding reconveyance of the lands.\"The land originally belonged to M/s New Horizon Sugar Mills and it was acquired by the government in 1994. However, the legality of the acquisition proceedings was challenged by the company. After a single judge dismissed their petitions, they filed the present appeals and despite the appeal pending in court, the company sold the land. The buyers, in turn, after getting the sale deed registered in their favour, filed a writ petition to direct government, to consider and dispose of their representation.Dismissing the appeals, the first bench said: \"We fully deprecate such type of writ petitions seeking direction to the government to consider the representation. At the same time, we also deprecate the conduct of the government in entertaining such type of representations and passing orders for reconveyance, when the acquisition proceedings had already attained finality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11596947", "title": "Costs cut techies\u2019 dollar outings", "text": "BANGALORE: For IT engineers, the periodical one-or two-year stints in the US or Europe used to be the primary attraction of their jobs. They not only got to live in places that most Indians aspire to, but, during those stints, they also received salaries substantially higher than in India and which allowed them to make significant savings. For business development professionals in IT, foreign travel used to be for shorter stints, but more frequent.But that opportunity for travel is now fast diminishing for economic, business, diplomatic, strategic and technological reasons.Foreign customers are asking IT vendors to maintain only a minimal staff onsite, given that they have to pay more for such staff, something they would like to avoid in the current dull economic situation. Visa and immigration rules have become extremely stringent, leading to large numbers of visa rejections - 50% in L1 visa applications, 10% in H1 applications and 30% in the B1 category.Indian IT providers are enlarging their local talent pools in customer markets to overcome the visa challenge, as also the political pressure in Western markets to hire locally. Some have even started hiring freshers from American and European university campuses. Such hiring means they need fewer Indians to travel to customer locations. Technologies like cloud computing , mobility, remote infrastructure management and webcollaboration solutions have made the aspect of physical presence in client locations less necessary.B S Murthy, CEO of executive search firm HumanCapital, says foreign travel used to be the biggest carrot dangled by recruitment and HR heads till some time ago, but not any more. \"Earlier, techies with two years of experience and more used to make 3 to 4 foreign trips a year. Today, travel is extremely limited, needbased and only cherry-picked senior people in business development, client engagement/delivery and consulting are traveling, and not so much the young crowd.\"HIRING TRENDSIf there are fewer dollar outings for IT employees, it's because of a variety of reasons, arbitrage and speed-to-market being the chief ones.Mahalingam C, HR head at Symphony Services, says cost-conscious clients are trying to get as much work done offshore. But the basic premise of the offshore model, he says, is not just cost arbitrage, but speed-to-market and ability to follow the sun (being able to work 24 hours).\"Companies today are diversity conscious, want to be truly global players, are keen to be known in customer geographies and want to be an integral part of local communities and local activities. Therefore, they are hiring in the US and Europe and that has reduced the quantum of tech travel from India,\" adds Mahalingam.S D Shibulal , CEO of Infosys Technologies , says, \"Clients do have a say on the size of onsite staffing and also we are hiring in customer markets. So it's possible that travel from India has reduced.\"Ravishankar B, senior VP at HCL Technologies , says countries across the globe are viewing immigration issues in a different perspective. \"Under what methodology you send people where and to do what is critical today. The preference goes to local talent. In the past year or more, we have been trying to create a lot of local jobs close to our customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594599", "title": "High-value deals to be scrutinized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The income tax department's criminal investigation wing set up in the city has taken up the first its job. The task is to tighten the noose around tax evaders and verify high-value investments, deposits and expenditure where Permanent Account Number (PAN) of those involved has not been provided.The new wing, which has around 30 officers mostly as additional charge, will scrutinize these transactions and have freedom to knock on the doors of people. Transactions that will come under the scanner include purchase of property, vehicles, shares and bonds, fixed deposits in banks and post offices and shopping with credit cards.\"Central Board of Direct Taxes had last week directed all regional officers to launch a special drive from January 20 to March 20, to verify high investments/deposits/ expenditure of people who are not assessed for income tax or who have not furnished their PAN while conducting such transactions,\" said a senior I-T official.Sources said the bosses in the new wing have asked assessing officers and other officials in different cities of the state to send questionnaires to high-value investors, depositors and spenders.The addressees will be asked to submit PAN if they have one or apply for the same. They will also have to declare the source of income for high-value investments, deposits and expenditure and whether these are properly accounted for or explained in the income tax return filed by them.They will be required to pay taxes and file income tax return in the current financial year.In certain cases, IT sleuths may visit premises of these people. However, sources said this being the first time, officials have been asked to go soft and visiting I-T sleuths will have to furnish contact details of their senior officers.The criminal investigation wing has been set up in eight cities, including Ahmedabad. The wing will also gather intelligence on cross border illicit transactions. But with no clear guidelines yet, the wing has been entrusted the job to supervise the special drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11595327", "title": "MP minister apologises, vows to wear shoes sans lace", "text": "BHOPAL: Stung by shoe-lace tying controversy, Madhya Pradesh minister for cooperatives Gauri Shankar Bisen has vowed to wear only lace-less footwear henceforth. Apologizing for making the young boy to tie his shoelaces, the maverick minister said he is all set to buy six pairs of shoes without laces.Amid controversy after TV channels aired footage of a boy tying his shoelaces, the minister addressed a press conference at Chhindwara on Sunday and read out a statement regretting his actions and justifying the reasons behind the deed. He also argued that contrary to media claims, the teenaged boy was not a tribal but the son of a family friend and member of the same OBC community as himself.\"Rajeev and Rahul are the sons of Ravi Shankar , a close family friend. The boys came with me to attend the function in Chhindwara. I was sitting on the dais with my shoelaces untied. The boys noticed it and one of them rushed to me and tied the laces,'' Gauri Shankar Bisen explained. \"The boy knew that I have had a bypass surgery recently and another hernia operation. Doctors have advised me not to bend down too much,'' he added.Bisen said he was pained by the way the Congress opposition in the state and Union minister for urban development Kamalnath reacted to the incident. \"First, I did not tell the boy to come and tie my shoelaces. He did it on his own. Second, the Congress is politicising the issue by saying the boy belongs to the tribal community. He doesn't, he is OBC just like me and from the same caste as me. We have family relations. I am hurt by Union minister Kamalnath's comments,'' Bisen said.Kamalnath was seated next to Bisen when the shoelaces were tied. But the Union minister had defended that he did not notice the tying of the shoelaces. \"Had I seen it, I would have condemned it right there and at that moment. In the 31 years that I represented Chhindwara in Parliament, this is the most obnoxious episode that happened. I am hurt such a thing occurred in my presence,'' Kamalnath defended. Youth Congress, meanwhile, protested in Bhopal and burnt his effigy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596157", "title": "Govt proposes third party audits for construction sites", "text": "PUNE: The state government's new draft policy, 2011, has proposed conducting of third party safety and health audits at construction sites. The state has invited suggestions over the draft from various sectors, which can be submitted till March-end. The government plans to make the proposal into a legislation by May, said a senior state secretary from the state labour department.Once the legislation comes into effect, the labour department will form a panel of recognised individuals from the health sector, which will audit under-construction sites and check the safety measures undertaken by the builder.Speaking to TOI, the secretary said, \"There are 30 lakh building and construction labourers working at around 30,000 construction sites across the state. As such, their population is migratory, hence little importance given to their safety. Employers also ignore government safety guidelines. The current system of government inspectors keeping an eye on construction sites is inadequate and corrupt. Third party auditing will show the real picture and help in curbing some malpractices.\"Any 10% of the total number of reports submitted will be picked up randomly and cross checked by the labour department. This would help establish the authenticity of third party auditors, said the official.Nitin Pawar, general secretary, Maharashtra Bandhkam Majdoor Sabha, said, \"The construction workers' organisation has already forced the government to form the Building and Other Construction Workers Act, 1996, and its effective implementation. There is no sufficient manpower and infrastructure for its effective implementation. The Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Welfare Board, too is inefficient. The board has Rs 250 crore in its coffers, but the reluctance to perform for the benefit of unorganised construction workers is a major hurdle. The state seems to be ignoring this fact by going after a third party audit programme, which would take a longer time to come into force.\"Similar instructions issued for factories have already been enforced.The work force in the state is 4.12 crore, of which 93% is in the unorganised sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596093", "title": "Government needs to study wind speed, say experts", "text": "PANAJI: The wind speed, direction, and atmospheric pressure data preferably from automatic weather station (AWS) should be recorded along the coastline and offshore to monitor the health of the coast, say experts.The government should consider setting up a full-fledged observational network to study wind and other related atmospheric parameters. \"AWS should be set up shoreward, where the heating takes place. One should surely be installed on the Aguada promontory and another one off the Goa coast,\" Alvarinho Luis, a scientist said.Luis has relied on data from satellite observations since the year 2000. \"The high resolution scattrometer observations started only just over a decade ago,\" Luis said, stating that there is need for installing AWS.An NIO scientist agreed, \"Unless you have data, you cannot do any research. Beach monitoring systems are needed not only in Goa but on both sides of the country's coastline,\" he said. NIO has set up some stations.The measuring of wave heights has to be a continuous process along some stretches of coastlines severely affected by erosion. \"Wave recording instruments can be mounted on buoys in the sea,\" Luis said.An official of the science, technology and environment department said he will look into the matter. \"We can ask an expert to analyze the scientist's findings and follow up the report for further action,\" the official said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594539", "title": "A \u2018dream run\u2019 for DA-IICT students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Braving the chilly winter morning on Sunday was a group of 1,400 people at Gandhinagar, running together to encourage the youth to follow their passion and live their dreams.The event called 'Youth Run' was organized by students of Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication (DA-IICT). The idea of encouraging the youth to follow their dreams through the marathon was born after the students recently conducted a study.The study revealed that 20 per cent of engineering students in a classroom had different dreams and passion other than engineering. \"The finding shocked us and then we decided to encourage them,\" said DA-IICT student Ankur Singhal.The run was flagged off by CEO and founder of Motif Inc Kaushal Mehta and professor at DA-IICT Samresh Chatterjee. The 5km-run headed towards GH-2 and after taking a U-turn came back to end at the campus, while the 8km run headed towards GH-4 and after taking a U-turn from Vidhan Sabha came back to the campus. The run was followed by a seminar which began at around10.30 am in the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "11597293", "title": "I am not keen on state politics, says SMK", "text": "TUMKUR: External affairs minister SM Krishna has ruled out his re-entry into Karnataka politics, saying \"he has a lot more to do at the Centre\".\"I have completed two and a half years as external affairs minister and I still need to do a lot more to achieve many things. So I want to concentrate on my ministry,'' Krishna said on the sidelines of a public function in Sira taluk, Tumkur district.Rubbishing reports that he will replace G Parameshwara as KPCC chief, Krishna said: \"There is no question of me returning to state politics, nor is there any intention of replacing Parameshwara. Why will they when he is doing well,\" he asked. There were rumours that the Congress high command was weighing the option of replacing Parameshwara either with Krishna, M Mallikarjun Kharge or HK Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595855", "title": "English didn't impede growth of Indian philosophy", "text": "JAIPUR: English didn't really throw a spanner in the works for Indian philosophy. And, Indian philosophers writing in English in the Colonial era- being rediscovered and discussed again-have helped in the advancement of Indian philosophy, despite their choice of language. A discussion on the works of eminent Jaipur-based thinker, Daya Krishna, concluded on the note that English, instead of being a foreign language, is yet another thing that has come from outside and Indianized.Professor Mukund Lath however, argued that there is a rift, or at least a gap in conversation, between the traditional scholars and philosophers writing in Sanskrit and those in English. \"Along with that, we have lost the tradition of debate between different religions and backgrounds. Dayaji made a huge effort to have a discursive conversation with traditional scholars,\" he said.Professor of philosophy Jay Garfield pointed out that the philosophers in the Colonial period went effortlessly back and forth between English and Sanskrit. \"Operating in multiple languages doesn't require translation,\" he said.In the final analysis, they agreed that students of philosophy should be capable of understanding the philosophical concepts - and with them the lexicon - of other cultures and languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595811", "title": "More lessons to be learnt from failures than success: Anupam", "text": "JAIPUR: Actor Anupam Kher after essaying a variety of roles in films, theatre and television has now donned a new role - that of an author. He was at the Jaipur Literature Festival on Sunday sharing his journey, from his theatre days to becoming a film actor, in his book. The Best Thing About You Is...You!! The book was launched here by writer and politician Shashi Tharoor .\"I was a normal 38 per cent scoring graduate who was lambasted by his parents, especially by my father. But, let me tell you I always believed that there are more lessons to be learnt from failure than success. I think my ability of dealing with failures successfully has been my way of combating the difficulties of life,\" said the actor.Kher added that his mantra in life has been that by never trying a thing, we are actually ensuring failure. \"I have always believed that I should share all my thoughts and thus the idea of writing this book came to me.\"\"I have always wondered that how a man who was poor in studies has been invited to famous international universities to do what - give lectures on failure,\" Kher said amid laughter.Sharing his encounter with the talk show queen Oprah Winfrey who he met on Sunday, the actor said he was overwhelmed by her response. \"She told me that the title of my book was best title she had ever come across.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596599", "title": "Auto driver kills self", "text": "PATNA: An auto driver, Chandan Kumar, 22, committed suicide by hanging himself with a plastic rope from the ceiling of his rented room at Ganga Vihar Colony under Beur police station in the wee hours on Sunday. His neighbour, who is also an auto driver, found Kumar hanging from the ceiling in the morning when he opened the common door of the room and informed the local police about the incident.Police said Kumar was a native of Biharsharif and was plying a three-wheeler here for the past one year. Sources said he had his meal with his neighbour, wholives with his family, on Saturday night.Police said Kumar had gone to the bathroom at around Saturday midnight. A police officer involved in the investigation said it seemed Kumar, who was unmarried and lived alone, was frustrated with his life as he had torn some currency notes, his identity card and driving license before committing suicide.\"It seems he had taken liquor and ganja. Some ganja was found on his bed,\" the officer said adding that there is no injury mark on his body. There was ligature mark around his neck due to hanging, the officer said.Phulwarisharif SDPORakesh Kumar Dubey said an FIR had been lodged with the police station concerned and the body was sent to the PMCH for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "sint maarten, netherlands", "code": "11597594", "title": "Teen sailor circles globe solo", "text": "SINT MAARTEN, NETHERLANDS: Dutch teen Laura Dekker on Saturday became the youngest sailor to complete a solo circumnavigation of the world, a year after going to court for the right to try.The 16-year-old completed her solo round-the-world journey when she sailed into harbour on the Caribbean island of St Martin, which is shared by Netherlands and France, at 3 pm (1900 GMT).Dekker, who left the island nearly a year ago to the day - January 20, 2011 - beat the previous record by some eight months. As she turns 17 on September 20, she had to complete her journey before September 16 to beat the record for the youngest sailor to make an unassisted world tour.\"I can't really take in what I've done,\" the young sailor told a press conference held just minutes after her return to dry land.\"Sometimes I've asked myself what I was doing,\" she added after an emotional reunion with her parents and sister. \"The sailing was always nice... I often saw dolphins . I enjoyed it a lot and I'm very happy,\" Dekker said.\"I'll spend the next few days cleaning the boat,\" the 38-feet ketch, called Guppy. After that it's back to school , she added.Her parents were among a 400-strong crowd of well-wishers - on shore and in small boats - who welcomed the teen, dressed in a black tee-shirt and beige shorts.Just to get to the starting line, Dekker had to fight her way through the Dutch courts, who at first blocked plans for her to cast off a year earlier - when she was just 14. The court ordered her placed in the care of welfare officers on the grounds that she was too young to guarantee her safety at sea. She ran away to St Martin, and police had to escort her back.She finally won her court battle with Dutch child welfare authorities in July 2010 - after 10 months - and set sail, originally from Gibraltar on August 21, 2010 in her yacht Guppy. But a change of her planned course led her to make the starting point from her trip St Martin instead.Born on a boat in New Zealand of a seafaring family, Dekker also lived on a boat in the Netherlands with her father Dick and dog Spot before setting out on her voyage.The previous record holder was Australian Jessica Watson , who achieved it in May 2010, three days before she turned 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11596457", "title": "Vasan assures international connectivity for Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Union minister for shipping, G K Vasan on Sunday, assured to make efforts in bringing international connectivity to Madurai airport. Inaugurating a waiting lounge maintained by the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNat the airport, the minister assured that he would personally take up the issue with the aviation ministry.Members of the TNCCI stated that when they contacted international airliners for commencing international flights from Madurai, they were informed about the non-inclusion of Madurai airport in the bi-lateral airport treaty entered into between India and other countries.The treaties were inked when Madurai airport was not elevated to the status of a customs airport. International connectivity would provide the much needed boost for economic, industrial and tourism growth in the region, they said. Hence TNCCI members submitted a petition to the minister and urged Vasan to make efforts towards including Madurai airport in the bi-lateral airport treaties.\"It would be a win-win situation for passengers, airliners and the government if Madurai airport gains international connectivity because of the vast potential. I have assured the chamber that all the measures will be taken in the coming days,\" he told reporters.Tamil Nadu Congress Committee president B S Gnandesikan, Dindigul MP N S V Sithan, the chamber's senior president S Rethinavelu, president N Jegadeesan and others were present for the function.On the executive lounge, Rethinavelu said that it was an exclusive waiting room with internet connectivity, refreshments, newspapers and other publications. It will cost Rs 200 per head to avail the facility and the chamber will maintain the lounge on lease basis, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11597859", "title": "Ajay wants to take tips from Sunil Mittal", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Businessman Ajay Bassi has a lot that he wants to do before the world ends like taking his family to New York and partying with his wife in Las Vegas but before any of that he wants to spread his business base across more countries. Bassi, who owns two garment factories, said they export products to Dubai , Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, New York and some European countries.\"My first wish is to export our products to places that we have not reached yet like California and Las Vegas in America, Canada, France and Germany,'' said the 42-year-old. His next wish is also related to his work.\"I want to meet the son of our soil Sunil Bharti Mittal who has touched heights of success with his hardwork and dedication. I want to chat with him and find out where he got such a vision and what was his inspiration,'' said Bassi.Proving that there are other things also on his mind, the industrialist said he wants to take his entire family - mother Parveen Kanta, wife Bindu, son Abhinav and brothers Amit and Ashish - on a pleasure trip to New York.\"It is among the best cosmopolitan cities of the world and has scenic spots for sightseeing. Of course, it is also a great shopping and business centre of the world so one must visit it,'' he said, adding that he also wants to take his wife to Las Vegas and party in the city that never sleeps.Sharing that he loves adventure, particularly hill climbing, Bassi said before the world ends he wants to go to Manali, Kullu, Rohtang Pass and Lahaul-Spiti for trekking and also meet Tiger Woods , whom he considers the greatest golfer of all times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11595367", "title": "After bird-hit, IndiGo flight in Indore grounded", "text": "INDORE: Passengers of a Raipur-bound IndiGo Airlines flight had a narrow escape today after a bird-hit forced the aircraft to stop on the runway just before take-off at Devi Ahilyabai Airport here on Sunday. The stranded passengers were later taken to Raipur in a new plane later in the night.Airport officials said the bird-hit occurred while the 6-I-252 flight was taxing on the runway around 3.30 pm.The pilot on learning about the hit immediately stopped the plane that resulted in its tyres being burst. All 123 passengers and crew were safe.This was the eight incident of bird-hit at Indore airport in the past seven months.Presence of slaughter houses in the vicinity of airport is considered as the main reason for the presence of scavengers in the region that often result in bird-hits.The Airports Authority of India, Indore Municipal Corporation and district administration have failed to act and keep the area bird free, despite repeated incidents.An IndiGo airlines official said that the flight was scheduled for take off at 3.30 pm was grounded and all passengers on board were deplaned. The aircraft is undergoing technical inspections and carried the stranded passengers to Raipur at 9 pm.Airlines are complaining about the regular incidents of bird-hits at Indore as it causes inconvenience to passengers, besides damage to aircrafts. In today's incident, the tyre of the aircraft bust while landing.Airline officials on the condition of anonymity said that the frequent incidents of bird-hits have started affecting their operational cost and it may also act deterrent to air passengers.\"No one would like to risk their life for a short distance travel,\" said another airlines official. He said that such incidents will affect the new flyers and may also affect the decision to start new flights from Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11595946", "title": "Four gold chains snatched in 3 hours", "text": "PUNE: Saturday afternoon witnessed four chain-snatchings within a span of three hours. Gold chains worth Rs 3.11 lakh were snatched from Kothrud, Karvenagar, Aundh and Kalewadi area of Pune between 12 noon and 3 pm.The first incident took place near Kothrud stand on Karve Road around 12 noon on Saturday. Shamala Deshpande (64) of Rahulnagar in Kothrud was returning home when two suspects on a motorcycle, who were following her, snatched her gold chain worth Rs 90,000 and fled. Inspector Vilas Narnavar is investigating the case,Within 50 minutes of the incident, the two suspects targeted Sunit Ashok Shedge (42) of Karvenagar. Shedge and her sister-in-law Surekha Shedge were returning home when the suspects snatched her gold chain worth Rs 75,000 and fled. Inspector of Warje Malwadi police station P N Solankar is investigating further.The third incident took place around 2 pm at Aundh. Two suspects on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 80,000 of Usha Satish Mahajan of Anand Park in Aundh and fled. The incident took place when Mahajan was returning home. Police sub-inspector of Chatushrungi polices station M M Walekar is investigating the case.In the last incident, the suspects used a different modus operandi. The incident took place at Tapkirnagar in Kalewadi around 3 pm, when Surekha Mukund Kuchekar (48) of Kalewadi was walking home. Two persons on motorcycle stopped her on the pretext of asking an address. They pretended to talk on a cell phone and requested Kuchekar to talk to the person on the cell phone. Suddenly they snatched her chain worth Rs 66,000 and fled. Assistant police inspector of the Sangvi police station Prakash Bhujbal is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596064", "title": "'Concretized beaches hasten erosion'", "text": "PANAJI: Quicker heating up of the coastal belt due to the capacity of concretized stretches to soak up heat contributes to enhanced beach erosion as the winds and waves batter the coast harder, a scientist has stated.Tourism and development activities have triggered rapid urbanization of the coastal belt and, though it may sound unusual, they are a major factor causing faster beach erosion. \"The concrete buildings, such as hotels , bungalows and tarred surface of roads and parking areas heat up faster because of high heat capacity, causing a phenomenon called heat island,\" says Alvarinho J Luis, a scientist at the national centre for antarctic and ocean research (NCAOR).Speaking at a recently-held state-level seminar 'Weather and climate change in Goa after liberation', organized by department of physics, St Xavier's college of arts, science &amp; commerce, Mapusa, the scientist said the heated surface in the coastal belt pushes the air into the upper atmosphere (convection) causing a low surface pressure below as compared to the similar conditions in the atmosphere over the sea.The scientist, who is working on a paper to be published shortly, has compared data collected over a decade. He has used satellite-based data related to wind speeds and numerical models pertaining to sea level pressure and studied the contrasts between land and sea.\"This gradient (over a large area) between sea and land enhances the winds toward the land and increases the wave height via momentum transfer (tangential push) to the water,\" he said.The increase in wind speed observed by satellites over the sea off Goa during the last decade (since 2000) has been significant (0.23\u00b10.7 m/s per decade (r2=0.64, significant at 95% confidence level) (Figure 1).An NIO scientist agrees, \"The wind is a powerful agent for transportation of sand and even dry soil. In some African countries, the sand particles suspended in the air even block the sunlight,\" he said.In Goa, water resources department has initiated various measures including erecting gabion structures to prevent denudation of beaches, but not with much success.Coastal erosion is a worldwide phenomenon and many major centres of beach tourism, including Goa are expected to lose shoreline stretches in the future. But it was hardly known that higher wind speeds are triggered by heating up of the coastal belt due to development and concretization.\"The increase in the wind speed is a result of decrease in the sea level pressure trend over land when compared with that over the sea off Goa,\" Luis said.In his assessment of the higher trend over land, the Luis states that it is a result of urbanization of Goa in the coastal belts due to a high demand for infrastructure, hotels, bungalows and tar roads.The soaring waves crash on the sandy beach and carry away sand to the littoral zone. \"Littoral currents flow parallel to the beach while rip currents flow perpendicular to the beach contour and move material out into the sea, altering the beach morphology\" Luis said.Sand bars are formed due to deposition of sand in the navigational channel due to high sediment load in monsoon. \"The Aguada sand bar formation off the Miramar beach during monsoon is a typical example,\" Luis said.Keri in Pernem, Anjuna in Bardez, Campal in Tiswadi and Talpona in Canacona talukas are some stretches which are heavily eroded. \"About 20 years we could easily walk from Campal to Miramar beach, but now it is eroded and it is more visible near the light house,\" Agnelo Pinto, a resident said.The eroded beach becomes vulnerable to further sea incursions. \"As the topographic gradient of the beach decreases towards the land, it becomes easy for the sea water to intrude landward, thereby damaging sand dune vegetation, man-made structures,\" Luis added.Though the rise in sea level is also increasing the influx of sea water once the coastline is eroded, wind-driven erosion is likely to be more dangerous. \"Compared to the slow sea level rise (less than 1mm per year along the west coast), wind contributes a large chunk of mechanical energy to waves which are effective mechanism for coastal erosion,\" he further said.The sea level rise has a time scale of century, but the wind forcing has a time scale of few years to a decade, Luis added.Increase in sea level is another factor that contributes to influx of more water once the coastal line is eroded. Compared to sea level rise (less than 1mm per year along the west coast), wind contributes a large chunk of mechanical energy to waves which are effective mechanism for coastal erosion. Note that sea level rise is a slow process (time scale of century), while wind forcing has a time scale of few years to decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596561", "title": "13/7 suspects fleeing case gets murkier", "text": "MUMBAI: The 13/7 blasts suspects' fleeing case is turning murkier with the information that a specialized unit of the city police was silently helping the Delhi police in conducting the operation. The Maharashtra ATS, which is supposed to be the prime agency for this investigation, was completely clueless about the breakthrough, said sources in the security establishment.It was the Intelligence Bureau (IB) that had been helping the Delhi police till the later came and camped in Mumbai. The Delhi police had been working to zero in on the suspect, Indian Mujahideen operative Yasin Bhatkal alias Imran, since the third week of November last. It had kept the IB in the loop.The IB officials, who visited Mumbai several times since the blasts, never informed the ATS. \"IB played a double game here. While the Delhi police had been camping in Mumbai since mid-December with IB's complete knowledge, the latter informed the Maharashtra ATS on January 7 about the Delhi police's operation,\" said a police source. In a state of panic that Delhi police was about to crack the case, the Maharashtra ATS picked up Mohd Naqi from Mumbai. \"In fact, Naqi was flown to Mumbai by the Delhi police and was helping them in detecting the case. He was asked to identify the Indian Mujahideen operatives who were staying in a rented room at Habib Apartments near Byculla police station. Naqi was taken to ATS office and detained for two days before being show held in a petty case,\" said the source.Naqi's detention and the presence of police personnel near Habib Apartment perhaps alerted the suspects who were to return to their rented room, said the source. He added, \"The IB should have informed the ATS about the Delhi police's operation in December itself. They did it at the last moment thinking they could be questioned later for not informing the ATS.\"This is not enough. A specialized unit in the city police had been helping the Delhi police but never informed the ATS about the operation. Rubina Qureishi, the landlady of the Habib Apartment room, was staying in the Mumbai central building. \"The Delhi police had been staying close to the Qureishi to monitor if her tenants' come to her place. Another team was posted near the rented room in Habib Apartment,\" said the source. He added that not only the IB but a specialized unit in the city police had been assisting the Delhi police. \"The Mumbai police officers who assisted the Delhi police preferred helping the Delhi police rather than going by their own sister organisation, the ATS,\" the source added.The infighting within the state ATS is deepening. The old timers in the ATS complain that they feel neglected after an instruction from the higher ups. \"We have been asked to bring all the suspects and hand them over to the Kalachowkie unit. When we go there, we are treated as second class officers. Even we have put in many years in the service but such a treatment demoralises us. A section of senior officers think that only the Kalachowkie unit is capable of detecting the case. It's also one of the reasons there are so many groups within the ATS,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11595634", "title": "After wetlands, now peacocks under threat", "text": "NOIDA: Close on the heels of the alleged sale of the Dadri wetlands by Greater Noida Authority to a private developer, a city-based environmentalist has written to the union environment ministry urging it to investigate whether proper environmental clearances had been obtained prior to sale of land in Greater Noida villages, which used to be a rich habitat for peacocks.The environmentalist has alleged that rampant development has resulted in complete disappearance of peacocks that once flocked the region.Speaking to TOI, environmentalist Vikrant Tongad said that Bisrakh, Patwadi, Ithera and Milk (now better know as Noida Extension) were known to be the richest habitats of the National Bird.\"Projects of over 25 private builders had collectively wreaked havoc on the environmental heritage in Noida Extension. Rapid construction activities coupled with increased human activities around a dozen villages has led to the mass extinction of peacocks. This area once had peacocks numbering thousands, but this has reduced to a minimal,\" Tongad said.He added that local residents even attempted to bring the issue to the notice of concerned authorities, but with no results.Farmers allege that tree felling is yet another cause for the peacocks to migrate from the area. However, forest department officials say that if the builders have been axing the trees, it is without their approval. \"We have not received any application for cutting trees so far,\" said a senior district forest department official.Ironically, the district forest department has no official records on the number of peacocks nor have they ever carried out any surveys for them. Chief development officer Pawan Kumar said that he has no knowledge of the dwindling number of peacocks. He added that he would soon visit the place to find out the reason behind the peacocks migrating out of the area.TOI had earlier reported about disappearance of peacocks in July, 2011. Following the report, farmers had written to the Centre and the state government saying that haphazard construction of high-rise residential towers has caused serious environmental concerns in Noida Extension villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11597054", "title": "Scope for development but lack of proper vision\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: The Kamathwade and Khutwad Nagar areas of the city, which constitute prabhag 49 of the Cidco division, have seen large-scale development in the last five years as people who cannot afford residences in the heart of the city have flocked here. Unfortunately, healthcare is an issue in these areas, which are flanked by the industrial belts of Ambad and Satpur on either side. The Civil Hospital is too far from the prabhag, and currently, the area only has a maternity hospital.Residents have been demanding a good hospital for the area from some time.Bounded by nullahs on opposite sides, this rectangular prabhag is an important destination for employees of the companies around. But the major problem in this area has been the fact that people have to run to the city when it comes to health emergencies as there is no municipal hospital in the vicinity. \"This is a developing area. There have been inaugurations of roads and pipelines in the area, but planned development on the whole hasn't taken place,\" said Jayashree Kale, resident of Murari Nagar, who also drew attention towards the need of a hospital in the area. \"For any health issue, citizens have to refer to private hospitals, a costly affair for many.\"Residents say that the health plan has been last on the agenda of sitting corporator Dileep Datir ( Shiv Sena ), who was also the leader of the House at the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for some time.\"No, we have not chalked out any space for a hospital so far. But we are planning to earmark a location for the same. I will be able to locate such an area for sure in my next term; I'm sure the residents of the area will give me another chance. As of now, an overhead water tank and new pipelines have helped in the augmentation of water supply to the area. Besides, widening of the road connecting Mauli Lawns and the Mahindra Ugine factory (at the Ambad MIDC) has already been undertaken at the cost of Rs 5 crore. The 60-ft road will have a divider and will aid in managing the traffic on the ever busy road,\" Datir said.Khutwad Nagar resident Rajesh Patil said the open spaces in the area have also not been developed. \"In fact, lots of trees have been planted on either side of the road at Khutwad Nagar, giving it a unique look. But at the same time, the area lacks concerted efforts in health awareness, especially in the absence of jogging parks, which are omnipresent in all the other wards. As of now, there is development without any vision,\" Patil said.Chhabu Nagar, office-bearer of the Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP), who is also contesting from the area, said, \"The incumbent corporator has left us plenty of scope to work for the citizens in future. The ward is developing without any proper planning or vision. If this continues, it will affect the future of the prabhag.\"Another contestant for the elections is Pradeep Peshkar, who heads the BJP's Udyog Aghadi. \"Our area is infamous for thefts, especially chain-snatchings. We have witnessed cases where youth snatch chains from women riding two-wheelers. We are unable to understand why the police outpost created at Khutwad Nagar remains closed all the time, when the police are aware that there is movement of the employees late at night after they finish their shifts,\" Peshkar said.Sanjay Patil, a class VIII student, however feels the need of the hour is to work on safety around the triangle at Mauli Lawns. This junction is one of the most important one on the arterial roads of the prabhag, as it connects Trimbakeshwar Road and the industrial area.\"To travel anywhere in the prabhag, we have to cross this junction. I have to pedal to school. Whenever I arrive at this junction, I see many people unable to cross it, like me. If proper dividers are set up and a circle is designed with some greenery, it will be a one-of-its-kind beautiful landmark for the area and the city,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596582", "title": "No headway in NMCH theft case", "text": "PATNA: Police are yet to make any headway in the theft of four surgical diathermy machines worth Rs 12 lakh from the general surgery (GS), operation theatre (OT) at NMCH on Thursday night under Alamganj police station.The thieves had broken the grille of the window of the OT and took away four surgical diathermy machines each costing Rs 3 lakh. Sister in charge, GS, OT, Kiran Mishra lodged a written complaint with the Alamganj police in this connection on Friday.Police sources revealed that all 25 private security guards deployed on NMCH premises were interrogated. They told the police that they found no movement inside the premises on Thursday night. Sources said though a section of armed homeguards were deployed there, they stood guard at the main gate of NMCH.SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar was surprised that one of the panes of the broken window at the NMCH was missing. The other pane was found shattered inside the OT. \"Why would the thieves take away the window panes and for what purpose?\" he wondered. The SDPO said that how the thieves entered the NMCH premises and left the premises is not known to any of the guards. The case would be cracked soon, he claimed.NMCH superintendent Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad said she served show cause notices on the in charge, security guards, and the policemen on duty at NMCH on Saturday, asking them to reply within two days how the theft took place despite their presence on the premises. She said operations have not been hit due to the theft. \"We have adequate number of diathermy machines,\" Dr Prasad added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596095", "title": "Sena MP Raut injured in expressway mishap", "text": "PUNE: Shiv Sena MP Bharatkumar Raut (57) and five others, including two children, were injured in an accident involving two cars near Lonavala on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on Sunday evening. The accident took place after the Honda City car which Raut was driving to Pune collided with a Maruti Zen coming from the opposite direction.Raut, a Rajya Sabha MP, suffered head injuries and was admitted to the Lokmanya hospital at Nigdi. The doctors, however, said his condition was stable.Police inspector Mohan Jadhav of the Lonavala police station told TOI that prima facie it appears that one of Raut's car tyres burst near Devale bridge around 4.30 pm. The car veered off the middle lane of the expressway, went over the road divider and hit the Zen which was headed to Mumbai. Both cars overturned before coming to a halt.Raut and a 67-year-old woman, Shakuntala Balkrishnan, who was in the Zen, were taken to Lokmanya hospital. Balkrishnan suffered serious injuries in the crash. Her daughter Seema, son-in-law Rahul Anand and their children Aniruddha (6) and Arundhati (3) were travelling with her. Rahul was driving the car. The couple and their children were admitted to Yash hospital at Lonavla. Arundhati also suffered serious injuries in the mishap, the police said. Raut friends , Arvind Hardas and Sudhir, who were in his car, received minor injuries.The patrol team of Ideal Road Builders, the police and other motorists helped the accident victims.Doctors treating Raut said he has sustained a serious head injury on the right frontoparietal region. \"A CT scan showed a thin subdural haematoma (swelling between protective lining that covers the brain). The neurosurgeon attending to him has decided to treat the condition with medicines. No surgery will be conducted for now. We will keep him in the ICU for the next 24 hours and perform another CT scan tomorrow to see how the haematoma responds to the treatment. The next course of treatment will be decided after that,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Narendra Vaidya, head of the Lokmanya Hospital.Dr Vaidya said that in Raut's case, the size of the haematoma was small which is why the doctors decided to initially treat it with medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11596388", "title": "Paracetamol cannot kill, say doctors", "text": "MADURAI: Denying that a paracetamol shot can kill a person, health officials at Theni, said they are awaiting the post-mortem lab reports to ascertain the exact cause for the death of a 10-month-old infant on Saturday, after allegedly being administered with the paracetamol dose.\"Paracetamol in reality cannot kill a person when administered and the actual cause of death can be revealed only when the lab reports of drug samples collected from the body reach us,\" V Shanmugasundaram, deputy director of health (Madurai), who is holding additional in charge for Theni district said.The 10-month-old infant, son of Suresh and Annapackiam from Erathimakkalpatti was taken to the primary health care centre at M Subbalapuram near Andipatti, as he was suffering from fever and cough. The duty doctor at PHC, Uma Balan instructed the nurse, Mariammal to administer paracetamol injection to the infant. However, the baby fainted after the injection.In the same way, two others, aged 10 and eight years, both children of one Selvaraj from the same village also developed fainting symptoms. The three were rushed to the Theni Medical College GH, where the infant was declared dead, while the other two children were admitted for treatment.Irked by the death of the child, villagers of Erathimakkalpatti picketed the road in front of medical college. Andipatti DSP, K R Vijayabaskaran and MLA, Thangatamilselvan pacified the villagers and assured them that action would be taken once the post-mortem report is out. The villagers dispersed from the spot after their assurances.Shanmugasundaram said that the infant was administered paracetamol and setron, the regular dose for fever and cough.\"The drug samples collected from the child's body has been sent to the lab at Chennai. Further action will be taken once the reports are in hand, which will take a week's time,\" he said. He also suspected the possibility of anaphylaxis, serious allergic reaction to any drug, which is rapid and causes death. Departmental action will also be initiated if need be after ascertaining the reports, he added.The condition of other two children admitted in the hospital is stable and improving, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11595932", "title": "Clubs told to buy foreign liquor from Tasmac", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has proposed to implement a rule that would ensure that all pubs, clubs, bars and hotels across the state purchase imported liquor only through the state-owned Tasmac ( Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation) from February 1, 2012. This initiative would fetch revenue of more than Rs 500 crore every year for the state government.Industry sources said the grey market for imported liquor in the state is about Rs 700 crore a year. At present, various foreign liquor brands, including Johnnie Walker Black Label, Chivas Regal, Absolut Vodka, Glenfiddich, Remy Martin, Hennessy were purchased through agents. Sources said the proposal, which was decided at a recent meeting of senior officers, has been sent to the government for its official approval. \"Orders will be issued soon,\" said a senior officer. According to the plan, Tasmac will import foreign liquor and supply it to hotels, bars and pubs according to their requirement. However, the government is yet to decide the number of brands that has to be procured from various foreign companies depending on the requirement.For each bottle, the government will charge 58% value added tax (VAT) besides 33% profit to the end user. \"Payment will be made to the companies, which supplies foreign liquor, only after the liquor reaches the consumer\", said the officer, adding that this would be a risk-free business. He said the move would also stop smuggling of foreign liquor through agents. \"Now, we purchase foreign liquor through certain agents. If we get it through Tasmac, we cannot be sure about the authenticity and quality of the product,\" said manager, in-charge of a city-based bar, not willing to be named.Targeting high-end tipplers, the state government had also proposed to set up elite outlets at malls and commercial complexes in select cities in Tamil Nadu offering premium brands of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) such as scotch, which was hitherto available only in five-star hotel bars. A total of 200 such elite shops will be set up during a period of five years, beginning this year. With the earnings of Tasmac expected to touch about Rs 18,000 crore in 2011-12 after the government increased the liquor price recently, another Rs 500 crore will be added to its kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596001", "title": "Slow growth in tax mop up disappoints CBDT chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Though loss due to the apex court verdict in Vodafone case may not be a factor, income tax department is still wary about the overall collection for the year. Chairman of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) MC Joshi expressed disappointment over the year on year growth in tax collections, which is only increased by 8% compared to 18% last year.Joshi, who was addressing newspersons on the sidelines of inaugural function of a hostel building at National Academy of Direct Taxes (NADT), said a minimum 18% growth was desirable. The collections at 3,74,000 crore are 63% of the total budgeted amount. Much is expected from the last three months of the fiscal when bulk of the collection comes. The collections as against the budgeted amount, compared to the previous year, are lagging by 7%, added a senior official from the department. It cannot be predicted whether the collections will match the budgeted figure, he said.Joshi, who said that the Vodafone decision will not have many major impact, blamed economic slowdown for lower collections. He said this may even disturb fiscal deficit management. The financial sector has taken the biggest hit, he added. On Vodafone verdict, he said that a team of experts would be studying the order and it was too early to say whether the verdict would have an impact on other demands of similar nature.Joshi, however, also pitched for a higher share for income tax department from what it collects. \"Currently the cost of collections stands at not more than 0.6% of the total mop up. In the developed countries, the costs of collection was up to 2%. It has been mooted to increase the quantum in India too. The money can be used for creating facilities both for tax collectors and payers, he said. Even a 1% rise in the cost of collection will be substantial,\" he said.A proposal to have more posts in the apex grade for the Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officers has also been mooted. This is equivalent to a special secretary having a pay scale of 80,000.\"This is needed to bring IRS at par with other services like IAS and IPS. Even Indian Forest Service has 45 posts of this level,\" Joshi said. At present, the department only has higher administrative grade (HAG) level of officers at the top with pay scale of 67,000 to 70,000. A HAG+ in 75,000 scale has been demanded. The proposal will be forwarded to the cabinet by the department of personnel and training (DoPT), he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11599178", "title": "Good news, fortress Europe opens up to Indian IT", "text": "BANGALORE: The European crisis is acting as a catalyst in driving offshoring from a region that has traditionally preferred onshore IT services. The strong Europe revenue numbers and client additions of Indian IT majors in recent times indicate that clients are viewing offshoring as a cost and efficiency lever.In calendar year 2011, top-tier IT companies grew their Europe revenues between 23% and 40%. In the just completed Oct-Dec quarter, they posted strong sequential growth in Europe, with Infosys growing at 17%, TCS at 19% and HCL at 6.3%. Europe also saw a larger share of multi-million dollar deals being signed than the US.Infosys added 14 new clients in Europe of which two were in the $500-million bracket and these were the largest deals the company won in the quarter. TCS won 10 large deals in the quarter that included four from Europe, three from the US, and two from Asia-Pacific. HCL won 18 large deals worth $1 billion, in which Europe led the list in terms of value.Europe accounts for about 20-30% of Indian IT's revenues, but a large portion of this comes from the UK. In Continental Europe, led by Germany ($44 billion in IT spends) and France ($37 billion), Indian IT has just a single-digit market share of IT spends. Other large but under-penetrated markets include Spain, Italy and the Nordic regions.There are other factors too that explain Indian IT's improved performance in Europe. Anil Chanana, CFO at HCL Technologies , said Indian IT has developed capabilities both organically and inorganically to take on large and complex projects. European IT spends are skewed towards higher-margin, projectbased services such as system integration.There are also emerging opportunities in 'run the business services'. Cognizant CFO Gordon Coburn said, \"One of the things we are seeing as part of the current economic cycle, even in places like France and Germany, is that clients are beginning to openly address the issue of lowering their cost by moving application management services to the global delivery model.\"Indian vendors have also made huge investments in Europe in the past couple of years and have appointed country heads recruited locally. Sanjay Vishwanathan, CEO of Sonata Software , said the growing success of the global delivery model, as well as service lines like remote infrastructure and cloud, are helping the cause of offshorers. Indian IT companies also have nearshore centres in Europe in countries like Hungary , Poland , Portugal and Romania .A Deutsche Bank study with 55 major IT decision makers in Europe found that TCS and Wipro were the most favoured vendors. TCS has a greater revenue exposure to Germany and France, which gives it an advantage in this market. Wipro offers the best nearshore delivery alternatives and has recently made some key strategic acquisitions.Infosys is said to offer high-end services on par with European and American counterparts, but is not very flexible when negotiating commercial terms. HCL's acquisition of Axon and strong infrastructure management capabilities has enabled it to win key deals in Europe but is still not viewed as a tier-1 player.However Infosys CEO S D Shibulal cautions that despite adding 120 European clients in the last nine months, he would wait for a couple of quarters more to say confidently that the European uptick is a secular trend. There is also the danger of Europe falling into a deep recession which might lead to cuts in IT spends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11595808", "title": "Amul to hot up frozen yogurt market", "text": "VADODARA: Dairy major Amul is now eyeing the growing frozen yogurt market in the country. The Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul has launched frozen yogurt - a first-of-its-kind product offering from Amul's basket. Frozen yogurt, a tangy combination of ice-cream with probiotic yogurt, is a globally established category.Amul's move comes at a time when a string of frozen yogurt chains are entering the country riding on the healthier, guilt-free dessert plank creating a space within the traditional ice-cream market.If US-based yogurt brand Red Mango has made a debut in the Indian market this month following the Canadian yogurt chain Kiwi Kiss, which had forayed in the Indian market last year, Singapore-headquartered yogurt brand Berrylite is firming up its plans to open outlets soon.But home-grown Amul is set to give these brands a run for their money as it plans to launch the new product across 70,000 outlets across the country in the first week of February against nearly 40 outlets managed by the international brands. India's organized ice-cream market is estimated at Rs 1,200 crore and Amul currently commands 40% market share.With the launch of this new product under the brand name - Amul Flaavyo - Amul wants to revolutionize the ice-cream market while becoming the \"first mover\" in this new category among Indian companies. \"We are expecting that the frozen yogurt highway would account for 5% of total ice-cream sales,\" GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi told TOI.\"As many are becoming health conscious, the market for frozen yoghurt is going to grow. We estimate that it would expand the market by increasing customer base. Essentially it would not only convert non-consumers of ice-cream into eaters but also increase frequency of ice-cream consumption,\" Sodhi said.The Amul frozen yoghurt is presently available at select Amul scooping parlours. Amul has a chain of 500 scooping parlours across the country. Initially, the dairy giant has introduced the product at its scooping parlours at Rs 35 per scoop (against Rs 100 per scoop charged by international brands).\"In February first week, we will launch consumer packs across the country while making Amul Flaavyo Frozen Yogurt available in smaller packs in two flavours - mango and strawberry,\" Sodhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596158", "title": "VED to hold Agrovision from Jan 27", "text": "NAGPUR: Event organizing company, MM Activ Sci-Tech Communications Pvt Ltd and voluntary organization Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED), are jointly organizing Agrovision 2012, an expo showcasing latest technologies in farm sector. The event will be held from January 27 to 30 at Reshimbagh ground and is being organized under the guidance of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari as well as agriculture scientist and Rajya Sabha member Prof M S Swaminathan, said a press release.The event will be having conferences organised by various non-governmental organizations (NGOs) working in the agriculture sector and also focus of financial themes. VED will be stressing on the area of contract farming and marketing.VED's president Devendra Parekh said the organization's objective was to improve conditions of the farmers of the region through proper marketing of produce. A seminar on opportunities in agriculture marketing will be organsied too. VED's efforts will be on informing the farmers about latest trends in marketing of farm produce.Shekhar Padgilwar, member of VED's agriculture panel, added that the event would also address themes like the food supply and security, price stability and inflation control. Employment generation for rural population will be a key topic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11595603", "title": "Experts to check on anacondas' health", "text": "MYSORE: Experts from Veterinary College in Hassan will arrive at the Mysore Zoo later this week to diagnose the green anacondas.The four green anacondas-two males and two females-are doing fine and are kept under observation. They are normal and doing fine, said zoo authorities on Sunday, a day after a female green anaconda died due to heart failure. The zoo has contacted Dr Vasanth Shetty, dean of the veterinary college, who is a member of the zoo health committee, to conduct ultra-sonographic examination. He is likely to come here this week, the zoo authorities said. The authorities believe that there is nothing abnormal about the four surviving anacondas given that they are active and their food intake is normal.Dr Suresh Kumar , the veterinarian attached to the zoo told The Times of India that the anaconda that died was a weakling when it arrived, but the Sri Lankan zoo authorities had told them that it would survive. While the other four anacondas have gained a minimum of 40 grams since their arrival from Sri Lanka in November-end, the one that died actually lost weight. \"We contacted reptile experts and Sri Lanka zoo authorities while we focused on it. But it died due to heart failure owing to traumatic injury to heart during blood collection. Experts suggested that it is very rare,\" he stated.It is routine to draw blood when the animals are shipped. Otherwise they will not be allowed to be transported. Normally blood is drawn from veins but for reptiles it is difficult to be locate veins and hence it is drawn from the heart, he explained. According to him, the four anacondas from which blood is drawn from the heart don't have any problem. \"But we will subject them to ultra-sonographic examination to be sure,\" he stated.The authorities said it requires some 10 minutes for each of the reptile to be diagnosed and they won't be shifted to the zoo hospital but will be examined at their enclosure. It is a simple procedure, they stated.The zoo officials ruled out that severe cold conditions in the city for the illness of the anaconda that died. Even when the city recorded below 8 degrees Celsius temperature, which is lowest minimum in over a century, the temperature at their enclosure was maintained over 22 degrees Celsius. The heater was kept on round the clock, they stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596069", "title": "Two rare birds sighted", "text": "NAGPUR: The Orange City seems to be turning into a hotspot for rare birds. Avid bird watchers have recorded separate sightings of two rare birds - Ultramarine Flycatcher and Eurasian Blackbird - near Ambazari and Telangkhedi lakes.For the first time, Ultramarine Flycatcher, a resident of a Himalayas, was sighted near Telangkhedi garden on January 20 by Surendra Agnihotri, a superintendent with Central Excise at Nagpur.\"There is a solitary record of Ultramarine Flycatcher's presence at Kamptee Cantonment area in 2005,\" claimed a delighted Agnihotri. But, the picture clicked by Agnihotri is the only photographic evidence.Similarly, another rare bird Eurasian Blackbird, widespread throughout Europe and Asia, was sighted by birder Bhavesh Nirvan in Ambazari on January 16.Tarun Balpande, an ardent bird lover, confirmed that it was in May 6, 2008 when the last Eurasian Blackbird was sighted in Maharajbagh by bird expert Raju Kasambe, at present working with Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), Mumbai.Nirvan said that the Eurasian Blackbird ranges from Great Britain all way to the Pacific coast. They are found in a large range of habitats, from city centres to highland moors, including woodlands, gardens and parks.Agnihotri said he sighted the Ultramarine Flycatcher while on a regular visit to Telangkhedi garden. \"The bird is a resident of Himalayas and North East and travels to places South India in winter,\" Agnihotri said.Even bird expert Dr Tarique Sani confirmed the bird to be ultramarine flycatcher (Ficedula Superciliaris). The bird is about 10 cm in length and even smaller than a sparrow. This bird is usually seen in its habitat singly in forests and gardensDr Sani said that the bird breeds in Western Himalayas in Pakistan to Arunachal Pradesh in India as per noted ornithologist Dr Salim Ali's book. It's presence in the Orange City shows Nagpur is rich in avifauna, both resident and migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11597323", "title": "A \u2018Sangamam\u2019 of dance and music to open Nisagandhi fest", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Sangamam', a dance and music show, conceived and directed by Sangeetha Nataka Academy Chairman Soorya Krishnamoorthy will mark the opening of the week-long Nisagandhi festival which begins here on Friday.As many as 250 artistes from different parts of the country would participate in the 90 minutes show at Nisagandhi open air auditorium in the evening.\"Through this programme we are trying to propagate national harmony by showcasing the unity of India even while it comprises a lot of diversity. The programme opens with a song that carries this spirit and the performance that follows explain the central theme through various art forms'', Moorthy told Times of India.In order to highlight the theme, a Mohiniyattom artist will dance to the tune of a Hindi song and Hindustani and Carnatic music forms would be weaved together at another point.\"Despite a whole lot of differences in almost every sphere of life, India, as a country, has a unique rhythm of its own, which is common to everything that is Indian\", Moorthy said.The artistes from outside Kerala were given separate sets of instructions and background materials in advance for rehearsing their roles. \"They all have reached the capital city four days ago and now the programme is ready to be staged. The most strenuous part of the job was sound recording. It took quite a lot of time to complete that task\", Krishna Moorthy said.Following the dance-music treat, well known mandolin duo U Sreenivas and U Rajesh would present a mandolin concert on the opening day of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11596642", "title": "Robbers stab old man, flee with valuables", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a shocking incident of armed robbery, cash amounting to Rs 4 lakh and jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh was robbed late Sunday evening from the residence of Gargs in Sector 6, Panchkula, by three-four unknown youths under the pretext of getting a certificate signed. The robbers stabbed the owner and tied his wife with a rope before committing the crime. R K Garg, 70, who has a tobacco business, got seriously injured and was rushed to General hospital, Sector 6, Panchkula, from where he was further referred to Government hospital, Sector 32, Chandigarh.The old couple used to stay alone in the house. A similar incident had happened in 2009 just a few houses away from Gargs'.Additional station house officer of Sector 5 police station Ajay Singh said three-four youths rang Gargs' doorbell late in the evening and said they wanted Garg's signature on a certificate. When Garg asked which certificate it was, one among the robbers said to his friend, \"why don't you show it to uncle,\" said the additional SHO.As Garg opened the door to see the certificate, they forcibly entered the house and asked him to get every thing he had brandishing a knife, added Singh.\"When Garg's wife Rani Garg, hearing the noise, came from the kitchen, one of the youths tied her to a chair. When the youths felt Garg wasn't cooperating, one of them stabbed him in the stomach and threatened they would kill his wife. It was then that Garg handed over the cash and jewellery to them. The robbers fled leaving Garg unconscious and his wife tied,\" said the additional SHO.The neighbours heard old woman's shrieks and informed the police.Garg has three children; two of them are settled at Delhi and one at Kolkata. The old couple had been residing at this address for the past many years.\"We are questioning the domestic helps of the victims. The three domestic helps had left after finishing their work by 6 in the evening as usual,\" said Singh. A case has been registered under sections 397 (robbery with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt) and 394 (voluntarily causing hurt in committing robbery) of the IPC.Insider job?Someone was aware of the fact that Garg receives the payment from his business every Saturday, which he keeps until Sunday, before depositing it on Monday.Armed assailantsOn June 4, 2009 dacoits had targeted an old couple, Sarita Mittal, 70, and R S Mittal, 74, at Sector 6, Panchkula. They used to live alone with their domestic helps, Asha and Jeevan. Armed with sharp-edged weapons, the dacoits had entered with Jeevan's help, took the couple hostage and made away with Rs 13 lakh. Mittal is an advocate by profession.On July 16, 2010, gun-totting youths decamped with cash and jewellery worth Rs 15 lakh in a dacoity in Sector 10, Panchkula, after keeping hostage 13 members of a family in the wee hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595385", "title": "'Govt an agent of Gulf's blacklisted cos'", "text": "HYDERABAD: A mother of two children, Shabana Begum who is all of 24 years is a divorcee. Hailing from the Old City, she recalls the trauma she had to face in a place called Abha, a few kilometres from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia , where she went in search of a job a year ago. While her employer ill treated her and made her work 22 hours a day, she sustained severe back injuries one day after 'falling' from the second floor of a building. Wheelchair-bound, Shabana is still wary about talking of the incident as she recounts her days of hospitalization and the help she received from the Indian embassy to return to India.\"The immigration laws of our country state that a woman has to be 30 years of age in order to travel to the Gulf. But she was so desperate for a job that she stated her age as 30 in her passport,\" said M Bheem Reddy, a participant at the workshop on 'Case management for Gulf migrants,' organized by Migrant Forum in Asia (MFA), Migrant Rights Council (MRC) and National Domestic Workers Movement (NDWM) on Sunday.The first day of the three-day workshop saw five Gulf returnees present their eye-opening tales of suffering. The workshop aims at raising awareness about the conditions of the workers trapped in Gulf countries and the measures that can be taken to help them. Throughout the day, the returnees poured out their heart wrenching stories. While some were stranded there with no documents for months and some harassed and abused, others were made to work for no wages.T Murali, one of the participants, spoke about the hardships he had to endure ever since he was recruited by Abdul Nas Co., Bahrain in 2008. Though the Indian government had blacklisted the company in 2006 itself, it strangely managed to recruit around 2000 Indians. \"I worked there as a labourer and they would pay just 45 dinars a month, that is only around Rs 4500. We were told the pay would be much higher. We were not given proper accommodation and food. So I took up small jobs outside the company to support myself. When they found out, I was fired, my passport seized and the Bahrain high court imposed a travel ban on me and 127 others. They asked up to pay a fine of Rs 70,000 each if we wanted to return to India,\" said Murali.P Narayana Swami, president, MRC, revealed how they brought these men back to India. \"MRC filed a PIL in the AP High Court and the Indian embassy there responded and supported us. A notice was sent to the King of Bahrain following which a delegation of our workers went there and managed to get emergency out-passes issued for these men. How did a blacklisted company manage to recruit these people and take them there?\" he argued. Alleging the government was acting like a broker or recruiting agent, he added that many agents and airport authorities were in the pockets of these companies. \"We filed an RTI application asking about their passports and visa details, seeking to know how they were cleared to travel to Bahrain to work with a blacklisted company. Though the application was filed nearly one-and-half year ago, the only reply we received was \"no records\" or \"unable to answer due to lack of clarity\",\" he said.The remainder of the day included similar sessions, with two returnees, T Chinna Bhumaiyah and A Yellaiah from Karimnagar who worked for Al Shafar International, Dubai giving their account of how the company did not pay their wages of four months when it closed down, another survivor Saleema Rahman from the city talking about how she was trapped for nearly four months in the clutches of a Mudir (manager) in Riyadh who would sell servants to sheikhs for a period of time and would not pay the workers any money. A family of S Mallesh who has not heard from him in nearly five years recounted how every single effort to trace him had gone in vain. Mallesh had gone to Muscat around 17 years ago in search of a job. He used to write to his family regularly. In the last few letters, he mentioned how he had no money and that his employer was not paying him.The programme also included a talk by Anuradha Mallimoggala, advocate in Dubai, on the precautions to be taken before travelling to Gulf countries, interaction between the participants regarding possible suggestions like appealing to the government for assistance and providing legal aid, financial support to returnees and skill development prior to departure.An RTI query seeking to know how several men got passport/visa clearance to travel to Bahrain to work with a blacklisted company, got a stock reply of 'unable to answer due to lack of clarity'A notice was sent to the King of Bahrain following which they managed to get emergency out-passes. But how did a blacklisted company manage to recruit these people and take them there?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595402", "title": "Trio held for opening false IT firms, duping banks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths have nabbed a trio who had duped 18 banks to the tune of Rs 1.07 crore by floating dummy software firms.Police arrested Macherla Venkata Suresh of Shaikpet, Kathe Srinivasa Rao of Manikonda and his brother Kathe Naveen Kumar of Ameerpet. Srinivas Rao, incidentally, is an MBA graduate. The trio first opened two software firms - Adroit Software Development and Consultancy (P) Ltd, on Road No. 13, Banjara Hills and Elite Software Technologies and Info (P) Ltd at Ameerpet - in 2011 under fake identities.Addressing the media here on Sunday, Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan said that the trio duped banks by opening salary accounts in the name of fictitious employees. The photographs of non-existent employees were collected from a few photo studios in the city. They conned bank representatives when they arrived at the office for signatures of the account holder by saying that he or she is out of station on official work. In this manner, they managed to create over 50 accounts with 18 banks.After closely tracking their movements for a week, police arrested the trio from their houses on Sunday and recovered two cars, three bikes, 14 tolas of gold, 150 cheque books, 120 forged employees' identity cards, 29 bank passbooks, 170 debit/credit cards, 75 PAN cards, eight voter ID cards, 21 mobile phones, 82 SIM cards, eight computers, a Sony LED 42 inch TV and Rs 3.06 lakh in cash from their possession.In another case, a Task Force team arrested Syed Shakeel of Old Bowenpally and R Vinay Kumar and P Suresh Kumar , both from Malkajgiri, for duping people to the tune of Rs 60 lakh by promising help with bank loans and admissions in medical colleges in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587573", "title": "Bravo, Salman Rushdie", "text": "Within hours of Salman Rushdie confirming that he was dropping out of the Jaipur Literature Festival because of fundamentalist threats, Indian writers closed ranks behind him and lambasted the government for letting the situation get out of hand.Is the pen no longer mightier than the sword? Says Shobhaa De, \"Rushdie has behaved in a very responsible and mature manner. In absentia, he will be the biggest star of the festival. I believe it's not an act of surrender, rather an act of courage. This is also a huge slap in the face for the local administration. This is not a triumph for anyone, rather, the weakness of the government has been exposed.\" Freedom of expression curbed?Writer Chetan Bhagat feels that the government could have been more firm. \"Rushdie shouldn't have given in to threats. What he has written might have offended some people, but that doesn't mean his life should be in danger. The government could have been firmer, but it acted too late,\" he says. While we repent and crib about Rushdie not coming for the lit fest, it's also time to ponder how much freedom writers have in the country, he says.Amish, the author of the Shiva Trilogy, feels that groups that have a problem with Rushdie should invite him to a debate instead of forcing their view on people. \"I agree with what Maulana Wahiduddin Khan had said (\"The answer to a book is a book, not a ban\"). I believe people who have a problem, should sit and have a debate with Rushdie,\" he says.Closer home, writer Sunil Gangopadhyay feels that this is a matter of shame for the entire nation. \"This is a very regrettable incident. I am ashamed that Rushdie couldn't come to the festival. Anyone can issue threats, but the government should have taken sterner steps and not given in. This is a matter of national shame,\" he says.Such incidents only strengthen fundamentalists, feels author Abul Bashar. \"The Muslim middle class has failed to progress. The backwardness of Muslims is being exploited by fundamentalists. I strongly object to this. Rushdie should have his freedom as an author, he should be allowed to come here. His visit is not going to change things for the Muslims but I don't support his ban either. This had happened with Taslima Nasreen as well,\" he feels.\"Why just Rushdie, freedom is something every man should have. In a democratic nation, how can anyone dictate who will visit the country? Had the government been stronger, such unfortunate incidents could have been avoided,\" says author Suchitra Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11597344", "title": "Vote against corruption, drug addiction, says marathon man Fauja Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: Marathon man Fauja Singh flagged off the 'run for the city' and 'citizens walk,' in Amritsar on Sunday. The events were a part of the series of programmes to be organized before the first ever marathon in Amritsar is held in December this year.Expressing his views over the scheduled election in Punjab, Fauja said, \"\"Every person must vote in coming assembly elections. And we shall vote for a candidate who is capable of eradicating corruption and drug addiction from Punjab.\"Hundreds of residents, including school children and senior citizens, took part in the event, aimed at creating awareness about the heritage and cultural and historical significance of the 'holy city'.Fauja, the Punjabi iconic runner, led enthusiastic civil society members, NGOs, educational institutions, corporate houses and servicemen participating in the programme. The run and the walk took a 5.36km route around the Golden Temple complex.School children and residents carried placards with slogans regarding keeping the city clean and green, shunning drugs.Gunbir Singh, chairperson, World Wide Fund (WWF) for Nature, who is heading Amritsar Tourism Outreach (ATO) and Dilbir Foundation, which organized the event, said Fauja was the right person to have led the run. \"A series of programmes are being planned for the 'Marathon year' and we intend to involve general public in all of those events,\" he added.Deputy commissioner Rajat Aggarwal, municipal commissioner Dharmpal Gupta and Group commander RS Bath (NCC) were present at the flag off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594976", "title": "IIT-GN annual festival ends", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The annual festival of Indian Institute of Technology-Gandhinagar (IIT-GN) called 'Blithchron' ended on Sunday. The two-day festival winded up after presenting an array of newly introduced events this year.While Blithchron is held for the third time, this year the students introduced several new events which included a fashion show called 'Panache', a rock music competition called 'String Theory', and a street play competition called 'Antaragnee'.A core team member of 'Blithchron-2012' Avinash Tumkur said, \"Despite of being newly introduced, the events were very successful. We received a very good response from various institutes from within the state and outside as well and the total footfall of the entire event crossed over 8000.\"\"The fashion show event received participation from various institutes in the city including NIFT Gandhingar, Xaviers and others. From this year, this event of fashion show will become a regular feature of Blithchron,\" said TumkurOther new events also included 'Bizmark' which made students to compete against each other on their marketing strategies.The evening of the first day of the festival also hosted a rock concert which drew a huge crowd. The performance was by Chennai-based alternative rock band 'Junkyard Groove'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599276", "title": "No item numbers for Richa Gangopadhyay", "text": "Richa Gangopadhyay denies doing an item number in Prabhu Deva's next B'wood flickThe latest buzz is that the Osthe and Mayakkam Enna actress Richa Gangopadhyay will be doing an item number in an upcoming Akshay Kumar film. Reports say that Richa will be making her much speculated BTown debut with an item number in the Prabhu Deva-directed Rowdy Rathore, which is the remake of Karthi's Siruthai.When we contacted Richa, she said she didn't know of any such development. \"I have neither been approached nor have I given my nod to any item number in Rowdy Rathore. In fact, I have not met or spoken with Prabhu Deva till date,\" she says, adding, \"I am currently not interested in doing any item numbers. I would rather do performances that are balanced with glamour.\"But Richa is quick share a little trivia with regards to Rowdy Rathore. She points out that she does have a Siruthai connect. \"I am currently playing the main lead in the Bengali remake of Siruthai, for which I began shooting a little while back,\" she says. She is paired opposite Tollywood star Prosenjit in this film that Richa excitedly says is a way to rediscover her Bengali roots, especially since she has been living outside India through her formative years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11595792", "title": "Yi to help 25,000 kids map their careers", "text": "VADODARA: The Vadodara chapter of Young Indians (Yi), the youth wing of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) is targeting 25,000 kids, who will be provided career counseling by the chapter.Yi Vadodara chapter recently launched the career counselling workshop series with students of high schools at Jaspur and Vadodara covering a total of 550 students. The career counseling workshops were held with students of Shri Seva Samaj School, Jaspur and Shri Pratap High School in the city.\"We targeted a total of 550 students of standard nine to 12 in these two schools and gave them 200 career options from our customized career database based on their personality traits which will help them map their careers in future. Moreover, we target 25,000 kids in the coming year,\" Anish Patel, Yi Vadodara chapter chair told TOI.The workshops were facilitated by Anuj Kothari, chair of Yi National (environment) and Amit Bidasaria, co chair of Yi National (rural counseling).\"We have created a platform for the city based youth in guiding their career. Through this program, we identify strength and interest of participating students which in turn help students in identifying career possibilities,\" said Patel. \"Based on this, counselors draw a career map for the students.\"As teachers play a vital role in the drawing a career path for any student, the workshops are also aimed to train the teachers for motivating the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11600328", "title": "Freezing cold sweeps Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cold wave swept Punjab and Haryana today as minimum temperatures in the two states dipped further.With minimum temperatures falling two to five notches below normal, icy cold winds made people pack themselves up in heavy woollens.Narnaul in Haryana was the coldest place in the region with a temperature of 0.5 degrees celsius. Hisar and Karnal, too, were under the grip of piercing chill, recording identical minimums of 3.5 degrees Celsius each.Bhiwani also experienced a cold night at 3.2 degrees Celsius, down five notches, while Rohtak was cold at 4.6 degrees Celsius.It was a bright day with sun shining in Chandigarh today, but the night temperature here witnessed further fall and the mercury settled at 4.9 degrees Celsius.In Punjab, freezing cold swept Amritsar, which recorded a low of 2.6 degrees Celsius.Ludhiana and Patiala also had a cold night recording identical minimums of 5.2 degrees Celsius each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11596204", "title": "The intolerance of diversity", "text": "COIMBATORE: The brutal attack on five students from Sudan on January 12, over a minor quarrel in a city bakery, brings to light the vulnerability of foreigners to racial discrimination and physical attacks. The students were on their way to buy vegetables for dinner when the attack occurred. The perpetrators of the attack are still at large.\"When you look different and act different, you are not treated the same,\" said Abdel Rahman, a second-year BCom student at CSI Bishop Appasamy College of Arts and Science. Although Rahman speaks English, he has a heavy accent, which makes it difficult for others to understand. \"People don't make an effort to understand me,\" he said.CSI College has nine students from Sudan. \"Their academic performance is poor. They are not regular to class. However, a few members of the college alumni help these students get admission and act as their local guardians. During the course of their study, there is no one to discipline them,\" said Mrinalini R David, principal of the CSI Bishop Appasamy College.\"They come into our college with qualifying marks and leave with a course completion certificate. This is all they need to secure a job back in their country,\" the principal said. However, they are friendly people and generally well behaved. She did not witness any racism on campus, she added. Mrinalini sympathized with them as they were culturally alienated. \"Everything is so different here. It is difficult for them to cope,\" she said. In addition, most of them do not stay in the college hostel.On December 23, 2011, Nigerian students filed a police complaint saying they were called rude names by their neighbours on the account of their race. Amaresh Pujari, who was then the police commissioner, had ordered an inquiry. The students were from Sri Ramakrishna Advance Training Institute in Coimbatore and are staying at Jain Apartments on Avinashi Road. Many of the students were studying to become welders and they didn't expect such treatment in \"Mr Gandhi's nation\".Abubker Eise, a first-year BBM student, said he liked Coimbatore as the people were warm and the city was quiet. \"Abdel and I live together in a rented house in Peelamedu. We are hoping to go back home and start working after completing the course,\" he said. Both Abdel and Abubker speak Arabic fluently and have learnt English as a second language in Sudan.\"We think students from Sudan choose to study here because of the global standards we set,\" said V Sengodan, principal. But he admitted that the performance of the students was average. They are hardly a bother to anyone, said B L Shivakumar, head, department of computer applications, SNR Sons College (Autonomous).The Times of India also spoke to six Sudanese students from SNR Sons College. They too rejected claims of racism, but admitted that they were being looked upon differently. \"This is the first time such an attack happened,\" said Mohyaldeen Mohammed, 28, final-year BSc IT student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11595701", "title": "2 PG medical students found violating exam rules", "text": "SURAT: Two post graduate students have been identified by Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) who had tried to appear in the post graduate medical entrance examination of the university conducted on Sunday.Nevil Patel and Manish Savani attempted to appear in the examination despite being students in the PG course, university officials said. However, during screening it was found that the two had already cleared the PG medical entrance in the past and were already students of post graduation courses in a medical college.Clarification was sought from the two on Saturday but they did not even turn up for the examination held at the university campus on UM Road.\"Strict vigil was kept during the examination to check malpractices. The candidates had been asked to submit a declaration that they have not cleared the PG examination in the past and were not students. The two students had submitted a false declaration,\" said Dakshesh Thakar, vice-chancellor of VNSGU.Universitybelieves that the students may have wanted to change their branch and thus were appearing again in the entrance examination. A committee will investigate the issue. The university had found that four students were appearing for the second time in the PG examination. All the four were called for clarification of whom only two cleared their stand.\"The two students had come with their parents and informed us that due to similar names of their siblings, a confusion has been created. They were allowed to take the examination,\" said a VNSGU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11597039", "title": "Collectorate loses 13L over stormwater drain royalty", "text": "NASHIK: The district collectorate has lost royalty worth nearly Rs 13 lakh over the laying of a stormwater drainage system. The collectorate insists that everybody has to pay the royalty but the Nashik municipal corporation (NMC) has sought exemption since the work is in public interest. Officials from both offices are now trying to put the past under the carpet.The NMC planned to lay 15 drinking water pipelines with a diameter of not more than 300mm in various areas in the city. The NMC sent a proposal to the collectorate to seek exemption on central excise, which is 10.3% on the pipes.\"There is not been any case when the corporation has paid royalty to anybody. Besides, payment of royalty will only inflate the budget for public works to be carried out,\" municipal commissioner B D Sanap said. But collector P Velrasu clarified, \"Even government bodies or municipalities pay royalty. There is no exception for the NMC.\"On the manner in which the collectorate realized that royalty was not paid, Dhananjay Nikam, deputy collector (administration), said, \"We have a checklist when such clearances have to be given. It is here that the royalty issue was referred to and we learned it was not paid.\"The official said he had no idea if similar royalty was collected from the NMC when it laid 300 km of stormwater pipelines with the diameter of more than three feet.In the stormwater drainage system, sanctioned under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM), the NMC spent nearly Rs 350 crore, with work contracts awarded in 2009. Almost 80% of the work has been completed.When a senior civic official was asked about it, he initially said it was a past issue and should not be raised again. He later said that whenever the ground is dug up, the mud is used to fill space. The NMC did not make commercial use of the soil from that area, the officials maintained.On whether the collectorate had collected such a royalty in the past, Velrasu said, \"We have no information or papers about it.\" Even the minor mining officer of the department has no papers to show that the collectorate had demanded royalty from the corporation and the latter had rejected the demand.Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited ( BSNL ) and Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limit-ed ( MSEDCL), the power distribution company, have never ever paid royalty to the collectorate.Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited and Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd, the power distribution firm, have never paid royalty to the collectorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11596534", "title": "Kashmiri student attacked in Ujjain, Omar calls MP CM", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah spoke to Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday inquiring about the shooting of a Kashmiri M Phil student in Ujjain.Two motorcycle borne assailants on Saturday morning shot at Shabir Ahmad of Botengo in Sopore in north Kashmir. The assailants opened fire after asking about the location of Vikram University where the student is pursuing his M Phil degree in English since October 2011, according to fellow Kashmiri student Tanveer Ahmad.Abdullah posted on Twitter: \"Spoke to the CM of MP regarding Ujjain shooting of Kashmiri youth. He has assured guilty will be punished and other Kashmiri boys' safety also.\" Shabir has sustained a neck injury. Fellow students took him to civil hospital where he was referred to M Y Hospital in Indore. Tanveer informed Shabir's family in Sopore on phone.IG Police, Ujjain range, Upendar Jain said the police are investigating the case. \"We are trying to find out who has committed the offence and are hopeful that the culprits will be nabbed soon,\" he said.Jain further said that the condition of the student is better and he is out of danger. Shabir's parents left for Ujjain on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595901", "title": "Seniors\u2019 thumbs up to live-in partners", "text": "NAGPUR: After a leisurely Sunday breakfast, on a chilly winter morning, a group of senior citizens in the city ambled in on the campus of RS Mundle Art and Science College in Dharampeth to discuss relationship issues.This meeting, organized by the Jyesthanche Live-In Relationship Mandal and chaired by 81-year-old Arvind Godbole, was held to discuss the possibilities of seniors taking up a companion to beat the loneliness in the twilight years. Amid rounds of tea and a battery of electronic media jostling for a photoop and sound bite, there were speakers galore, waxing eloquent on the need for a partner.The bonding was instant. As 20-odd speakers expressed themselves, there was much clapping and even an embrace as the gathering empathized with the thoughts being shared. It was heartening for the organizers to note that the response was overwhelming and positive.The effort was lauded by almost everybody present. But what came as an additional surprise was that even those in their fifties, who had missed the bus in their youth and were still single, also took this opportunity to scout for a companion.Banker Laxmi Jha said that her concerns for a close relative, who is single, brought her here.\"This concept has been a big hit in a few other cities so we are sure it would be the same in Nagpur too. This is just the first meeting and we are very hopeful,\" she added. For 70-year-old Vivek Gokhale, there was a need to look at companionship beyond the periphery of sexual or physical requirement. \"After a lifetime of hard work and having dealt with all our worldly duties, it is sad that we are left alone when we are old. Thus, this idea of taking up a companion to share the remaining years is a happy thought,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jeddah, saudi arabia", "code": "11603739", "title": "Saudi Arabia to deport overstayers without penalty", "text": "JEDDAH, SAUDI ARABIA: Jeddah Deportation Centre (Tarheel) has resumed deporting all overstayers who had arrived in the country via Umra, Haj and visit visas. The Consulate General of India has requested all Indian nationals, who fall under these categories, to avail the amnesty opportunity without fail as no penalty for visa expiry would be imposed on them.In a statement issued by the Consulate Community Welfare, the consul S D Moorthy, has explained the basic instructions for the same. According to him, overstayers should approach the deportation centre immediately. They should produce their passport and air ticket in order to get an exit visa stamped on their travel documents, after finger prints scan. The passport must have the visa sticker on it.If the passport is in a damaged condition, the applicant must go to Saudi passport-immigration department (Jawazat) to get the print out confirming his visa status before approaching the deportation authorities for the exit stamping, the statement instructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11601502", "title": "Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi greets Bal Thackeray on birthday", "text": "MUMBAI: Greeting Bal Thackeray on his birthday today, Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi has described the Shiv Sena chief as a 'straightforward' leader.\"Balasaheb is a straightforward leader... He always fought for Hindutva,\" Sena mouthpiece 'Saamana' quoted Modi as saying.\"A personality like his comes once in a century,\" Modi said, on the occasion of Thackeray turning 86 today. \"He gave all in the national interest and ruled people's hearts,\" the CM said.The Sena chief's birthday was celebrated with enthusiasm with thousands of activists across the state visiting his residence Matoshri in suburban Bandra.A 'rudrakshtula' of Thackeray was performed by the Nepali Shramik Mazdoor Union. The 'rudraksh' were later given to those gathered. At the Juhu beach, sculptor Lakshmi Kamble made a sand portrait of the Sena patriarch, drawing a throng of admirers.In a message to supporters, Thackeray said he would not be able to meet them like he did in the past. \"Then, meeting you was my tonic. It still is. However, I don't have the same strength I had earlier,\" he said.Talking to reporters at Matoshri, Thackeray replied to queries on his praise by Modi. \"How do I know why he praised me? Ask him, why he praised me,\" he said. \"Or is it a paid news like there is paid news in media,\" he quipped.Reacting to remarks by estranged nepwhew, MNS chief Raj Thackeray , that Sena had lost people's support, the Sena chief said, \"does he (Raj) have a machine to monitor people's minds?\"Meanwhile, in an editorial in 'Saamana', Thackeray flayed party's Lok Sabha member from Kalyan, Anand Paranjpe, who has all but joined NCP. \"There is no place in history for traitors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596860", "title": "Now, \u2018attend\u2019 planetarium meets from outside city", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nehru Planetarium at Worli has entered a new hi-tech era making its programmes accessible even to those residing outside the city.On Saturday, a nearly 60-minute presentation by a former scientist of the Bangalore-based Raman Research Institute (RRI), G Srinivasan, was \"attended\" by even those staying outside Mumbai thanks to a recently-introduced webcast arrangement.The planetarium's new director, Arvind Paranjape, told TOI that the idea of the webcast was to provide more access to the planetarium's programme. \"On Saturday, it was the second time we did the webcast and it was a success. What better proof of this than the fact that minutes after the presentation ended, 50 people logged in with their questions,\" he said.Paranjape said the webcast would enable viewers to save the programmes and use them for future reference. He said those interested in watching the webcast should log on to www.livestream.com/npmumbai.Another planetarium official, Kiran Hedukar, said a satellite gallery has opened on the first floor of the premises, where visitors can see models of three Indian satellites-the first satellite, Aryabhatta, the IRS-P4 and Cartosat-1 and Sputnik. Models of Isro's rockets-the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle, the Geo Synchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle and Chandrayaan-1 are also on display in the gallery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600577", "title": "Bumboo", "text": "CreditsProducer-Director: Jagdish Rajpurohit Cast: Kavin Dave, Sharat Saxena, Sanjay Mishra, Sudhir Pandey, Sumit Kaul, Mandy Takhar Banner: TFI International, France Writer: Francis WebberSynopsisBumboo is a clean action comedy with a universal appeal and is based on the idea that in life we all meet someone who inadvertently comes and screws up our best laid plans and that is what creates the humour.The name has already created a stir in the industry and people are really expecting a laugh riot from this one.Bumboo is the official adaptation of the French film \"L'emmerdeur\" which was written by Francis Webber whose been credited with directing brilliant films including A Dinner Game (Indian version: - Bheja Fry)TFI International, France is the associate producer for this film and it is the first ever official Indo - French co - operations as a remake of a French film. The original created a history of sorts with its box office success and is considered a cult film even today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11595902", "title": "A few fingers together make a fist", "text": "Who do you thank when you've witnessed a miracle?If this had been Biblical times, a couple of hundred people - including government officers, police, media and NGO representatives - would have dropped to their knees and raised their arms to the skies. But this was Saturday morning in the 21st century and we were all at Chowbaga, the waterbody that was being walled up and about which your paper had been writing doggedly since December 30 last year.The miracle we all witnessed was the demolition of the audacious wall. This wall had been built in brazen defiance of stop work notices and blatant violation of laws protecting wetlands-all in broad daylight.But the wall hadn't anticipated the determination of government officers, the courage of your reporters and the persistence of NGOs. Finally, it was these three working together that brought the wall down.As it happens, this is twenty years since PUBLIC obtained the High Court order protecting these wetlands. Dr Ashish Ghosh, then Joint Director of the Zoological Survey of India and a key supporter in 1992, was again present at Chowbaga this morning , retired but resilient in his NGO avatar. A reminder that a few fingers coming together make a fist.No, it wasn't a miracle that we witnessed. It was our democracy at work on the ground. Empowered by the judiciary, informed by the press and enthusiastically supported by civil society, the machinery of government delivered. We saw the rule of law operating. And it restored our faith in the system.Thank you-and more power to your pen.( The writer is president of PUBLIC, an NGO that works on issues related to environment)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594849", "title": "Two held for Rs 5.5L theft at Shaherkotda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two thieves involved in a jewellery shop theft of Rs 5.5 lakh in Shaherkotda were nabbed by Gomtipur police officials on Saturday. The duo was handed over to Shaherkotda police officials for further questioning.Gomtipur police officials said they nabbed Avatar Singh Tank and Raju Singh Tank, both residents of Mehmdabad, near Ekta Chowk on Saturday on basis of suspicion. During their body search, officials found Rs 7,000 and two mobile phones. When the duo could not explain source of the expensive items, they were questioned thoroughly.\"During their questioning, the duo confessed that they earlier lived in Saraspur at Ashok Apartment. There they broke into Mohsin Jewellers in the same apartment and stole gold jewellery worth Rs 5.5 lakh. They sold it to four jewelers in Kheda and left the city. We also got CCTV footage of the theft,\" said V M Sharma, inspector of Gomtipur police station.He added, \"We believe they are involved in more thefts with the same modus operandi as they were leading a luxurious life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11596273", "title": "Focus on being, feeling, thinking and doing: Deepak Chopra", "text": "JAIPUR: Did you know - 65% of our DNA is the same as a banana's,\" remarked Deepak Chopra , once a doctor, now the most famous spiritualist of our times. Addressing a massive crowd of students, seekers and socialites assembled at 'The Return of the Rishi', a Jaipur Literary Festival event sponsored by the Times of India, Chopra first cut his audience down to size - and then linked it to a much larger picture.\"The universe is composed of billions of galaxies, trillions of planetary systems of which planet earth is just point one percent,\" he said. \"Our physical bodies are made of recycled carbon and hydrogen from super-nebula, giant red stars, dying stars. Our bodies keep changing - the last time I came to India, I had the same suitcase but a different body!\" Chopra added, \"Only our core consciousness remains singular - this is brahman or atma.\"Sporting natty jeans and wrap-around dark glasses, the modern sage kept his audience enthralled, quoting Descartes, the Gita, Stephen Hawking, Jawaharlal Nehru, and Nisarga Dutt Maharaj who is, as he informed listeners, \"the most enlightened paan-wala in Mumbai.\" Each had confirmed Chopra's view. \"Do as nature does - less. That way, you accomplish more. If you do nothing, you accomplish everything,\" he stated.\"Trying hard, as Oscar Wilde said, is the last refuge of the failure.\" Instead, focus on the four levels of experience - being, feeling, thinking, doing.\"To experience being, let's be silent for a moment,\" said the guru - and a thousand people sat in a hush. \"When you become aware of that silence, that's being,\" Chopra explained. \"Feeling is love, equanimity and joy. Thinking is creative action. And doing is raj-yoga, karma-yoga, gyan-yoga.\"That's all fine but what about daily stress, he was asked. \"Stress happens when you look to others for your identity,\" Chopra answered. \"My message is, just take it easy! Understand who the heck you are - how magnificent you are! Rumi said, we are the beings who came spinning out of nothingness, sprinkling stars like dust! We are the ones we have been looking for. When you go beyond the banality of everyday experience and see the huge, magnificent backdrop to life, you will never be stressed.\" And the socialites nodded, their bouffants bouncing, while students confirmed approval through resounding applause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596479", "title": "Accident victim was planning to move out of city", "text": "MUMBAI: Anil Sawant, one of the victims, was planning to move out of Mumbai soon, as he was increasingly finding it difficult to sustain his family in the city, where they had been living for the past two decades. On Saturday night, Anil was headed for his village at Kasla in Kankavli, while his friends were going to their homes.His inconsolable widow, Ankita, said Anil was going to the village to look into a business opportunity. \"One of his friends is planning to start a restaurant there and my husband was supposed to take charge of it. He was very excited about prospect,\" said Ankita, a mother of two. The news has shattered Anil's daughter Archana (13), while his son Aniket, who is all of nine, is unaware of the tragedy that has struck them.Anil has been unemployed for the past three months after he quit his job at an anganwadi. \"Lately, he took catering contracts in the neighbourhood and did not have a steady income. Some months, it was merely Rs 7,000, and others, maybe a few thousands more or less,\" said Ankita who is worried about how to continue the education of her children.Anil's elderly mother has not eaten since she heard the news on Sunday morning. .\"He took care of all of us even though Anil, with his wife and kids, stayed separately in Bhandup for seven years now,\" said his mother. Anil's income also supported his brothers and an extended family of six, who stay in a chawl at Kalachowkie.The family wants justice, though they feel \"it's easier said than done\". \"There is no witness. Everyone travelling in that car is dead. But we hope that the culprit will not go scot-free,\" said Anil's brother, Shailesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11595370", "title": "Hyd's MPC exists only on paper", "text": "Do you know that in Hyderabad, we are supposed to have a Metropolitan Planning Committee in place to prepare and oversee the implementation of development plans for our metropolitan region? The fact is that, despite enacting AP Metropolitan Planning Committee (MPC) Act, the state government has been dragging its feet in constituting this statutory body for Hyderabad Metropolitan Region (HMR) in the last four years. And, going by present indications, this high-sounding committee may not materialize in the near future too.In the absence of this representative body at the apex level, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) functions as an all-powerful authority under the stewardship of bureaucrats and, not surprisingly, it is hardly responsive or answerable to the elected representatives, whether they be MPs or legislators. MPC is mandated to prepare the draft development plan for metropolitan area. Since the state government has not constituted the MPC, HMDA has been formulating and notifying the development plans (better known as master plans) for different components of metropolitan area.Under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), implementation of decentralization measures as envisaged in 74th Constitution Amendment Act is one of the mandatory reforms which, among others, include setting up of MPC in the metropolitan area. To comply with this constitutional requirement as a prerequisite to obtaining funds under JNNURM, the state government had hurriedly enacted AP MPC Act in 2007 but later put this legislation in cold storage after drawing massive central funds.No wonder, without the involvement of elected representatives or MPC, the HMDA has notified development plan for erstwhile MCH area in August 2010 and issued notification for Draft Metropolitan Development Plan 2031 for metropolitan region in July 2011. Erstwhile Huda had notified the development plans for non-municipal areas and Hyderabad Airport Development Authority (HADA) area and Outer Ring Road growth corridor master plan in 2008, before HMDA came into being in 2008.Under the provisions of AP MPC Act, two-thirds of the members of MPC should comprise elected representatives of urban and local bodies in the metropolitan area. For two years (2008-09), the state government did not constitute the Hyderabad MPC on the alibi that elections to GHMC were not held. It is two years since the polls to GHMC were conducted but the state government has failed to set up the MPC for Hyderabad.Now that the elected local bodies (both in rural and urban areas outside GHMC) completed their term during 2010-11 and fresh elections are yet to be conducted, the government cites this excuse to not go ahead with the constitution of MPC. For record, though, at a regional review meeting on the status of JNNURM projects and reforms in five southern states held in Hyderabad in September 2011, the AP government assured the Union ministry of urban development that MPC would be formed after elections are held to panchayat raj and municipal bodies.Apart from two-thirds elected members, MPC is mandated to include representatives of the Union and state governments, apart from other organisations and institutions as may be deemed necessary for carrying out its functions. In addition, MPs and MLAs, MLCs representing constituencies which are wholly or partly in the metropolitan area are to be permanent special invitees to the meetings of MPC.HMDA Act also provides for a 28-member body, chaired by the chief minister. Municipal administration minister is vice-chairman and mayor of GHMC is a member. Four elected representatives from urban/rural local bodies and four members of Legislative Assembly/Council from HMR are to be nominated to HMDA. One representative of MPC is included as a token. The remaining members are all officials and other nominees of the state government.Even though more than three years have elapsed since HMDA was created in August 2008, the government has failed to nominate eight elected representatives from local bodies and state legislature to this body. Not surprisingly, HMDA virtually functions as an extension wing of the government with no representative character even as MPC exists only on paper.-- The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11595717", "title": "School kids learn to make robot cars", "text": "SURAT: Eighty-seven groups of school students beat time when they successfully made and operated a basic robot car before the stipulated time at a robotic workshop held here on Saturday, with the aim to sow the seeds of innovation among the children from the young age.The workshop was conducted as a part of socio-technical initiative by students of different faculties of Nirma University at PP Savani School, Abrama, Kamrej, in which teams from a number of schools from the city took part. The students from class IX, X and XI were taught on how to make a basic manually controlled wired robot car and they were aided by 25 volunteers from the university.Palak Madhwani of NU tech team said, \"We showed them simple and complicated robots and informed them about enormous opportunities in the field of robotics. They were explained what a basic robot car should have and given a brief idea about each component provided to them in the kit.\"The robot making process for basic manually controlled wired robot car was alsoexplained to the students in simple steps from fitting of the motor to the chassis, connecting two motors each on left and right in series and DPDT switches with motors and batteries etc. Once the car was ready, they were explained how to control its movement.The kits containing four motors, four wheels, a chassis, four batteries , 3 m wire , two DPDT (double pole double throw ) switches, a switch box, a cutter, a tester, battery caps etc were supplied to students by NU Tech team.Dipti Patel, a class XI student, said, \"This workshop has opened up our imagination and now we know how to use simple things to make devices that can be of use to mankind.\"NU Tech 2012 is scheduled on 16th to 18th February, 2012 which will comprise of various technical workshops, robotic events, management events (iManage) and branch wise events - thinkIC, Electrospark, Comm-on-tronics, Mechatrix, Chemology, Civilion, and Code-o-crats.This year it will be a joint venture of 13 associations of Nirma University formed by students of nine branches including Instrumentation and Control, Electrical, Electronics and Communications, Mechanical, Chemical, Civil, Computer Science, Information and Technology, MCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595320", "title": "RBI in a tizzy over Pak\u2019s precision in faking notes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan's jihad machine, which has taken the proxy war to the Indian economy, has developed the capability to imitate Indian currency notes to a T. Seizure of fake notes to the face value of Rs 2.25 crore recently has proved this. And quite naturally, security agencies and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are fretting over it.These notes have all the features that an authentic note has - watermarks, security threads, embossing and micro-printing among others. And officials say counterfeiters in Pakistan have achieved 'zero-error counterfeiting capability'.\"These notes have features that are known to only a few experts. The appearance and texture of the notes match Indian currency notes,\" DCP (Special Cell) Arun Kampani said.While cops are probing how these notes landed in Delhi from Jammu, the government and the RBI are thinking of new ways to stay ahead of counterfeiters. Officials said the forgery was near perfect and took experts long hours to identify each note. They are now probing how Pakistan-based counterfeiters got hold of such technology.The seized notes have all the six basic security features of Indian currency notes: a) micro-printing, which is used by RBI to combat counterfeiting; b) Gandhi watermark; c) security thread; d) 100% cotton paper; e) embossing by insertion of Intaglio images; and f) electro-yet watermark.\"These features were believed to be impossible to copy. But counterfeiters have busted this myth,\" Kampani said.Sources say Iqbal Kana, who smuggled the notes into India via Jammu, takes help of ISI and Laskhar to fund terror operations. He also has alternative routes via Nepal , Bangladesh and the sea. Kana also sends arms and ammunition through his agents in India and helps Lashkar's sleeper cells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595346", "title": "UP elections: Teachers on poll duty, students may enjoy added vacations", "text": "KANPUR: Children studying in government primary and junior secondary schools may get 'vacations' as most of the government teachers have been hired for election duty.More than 600 government school teachers have been roped in for election duty this year. Teaching is likely to come to a standstill for over a week in many schools at a time when the annual examinations are approaching.However, according to the Election Commission, the election duty will affect two days of studies, one day on training and the manning booths on the day of the voting.The 'holiday season' will be longer for schools functioning as polling centres. These schools will be closed a day or two before voting.Though academics have always taken a back seat during elections, the situation is likely to be grave this time.With the annual examinations scheduled in March, the students are going to miss guidance from the teachers. In most of the schools, especially the upper primary ones, the syllabus is far from complete. The teachers would hardly any time to do so after the election duty.\"With most of the schools conducting annual examinations in the beginning of March, it is not an appropriate time for the students,\" said Prabha, teacher in Prathamik Vidyalaya, Nawabganj.Another teacher added that numerous posts in schools are lying vacant. The remaining teachers are always made busy in one work or the other.Notably, there are 100 government primary schools in the district above 600 teachers, including nearly 200 shiksha mitras, in these schools.The in-charge of six primary schools in Nawabganj Mohammad Nasir said that these are lame excuses put forward by teachers. If they do such duties for sixty days then there are 300 days left in a year, which can be utilized in teaching. They should think how to compensate the loss.While, Narendra Pawal, Nagar shiksha adhikari said Narendra Pawal said, \"I cannot comment in this regard. As far as I think, it is the responsibility of all citizens to assist in the smooth conduct of elections.\"Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11597002", "title": "Meet top judge who saved Pak from military takeover", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Speculation about military takeover in Pakistan amid escalating political crisis over the last few months has so far turned out to be false.Analysts say Pakistan's assertive judiciary has been among the reasons that have discouraged generals, who have ruled the country for more than half of its existence , from staging a coup.But the judiciary has not always been like this. Pakistan's 64-year-old chief justice Iftikhar Chaudhry is seen as the man behind its resurgence . The judiciary had a dismal record of endorsing military rulers besides being inept and pliant until November 2007 when Chaudhry took military ruler Pervez Musharraf on and eventually ensured his ouster a year later.Chaudhry issued an order declaring Musharraf 's imposition of emergency as \"unconstitutional and illegal'' for the first time in the country's history in March 2007.Musharraf had imposed the emergency to get rid of judges, who gave him sleepless nights. Chaudhry's courage to stand up to the military strongman brought tens of thousands of people onto the streets for a movement that ultimately led to return of exiled leaders, Benazir Bhutto and Nawaz Sharif , elections in February 2008 besides Musharraf 's ouster.The ruling Pakistan People's Party (PPP), which came to power in February 2008, ended the detention of judges that Musharraf had ordered, but was reluctant to restore many of them including Chaudhry. The government said they can be restored if they take a fresh oath of office, an offer which many had accepted but some including Chaudhry had refused.Chaudhry and his supporters believed a fresh oath would amount to admitting to the legality of their sacking . Lawyers led by Chaudhry again started a campaign for the restoration of judges. The government finally gave in to pressure and PM Yousaf Raza Gilani restored the judges through an executive order in March 2009.The restoration was a win-win situation for the judiciary and Chaudhry's popularity increased as a judge who stood for justice, rule of law and democracy. People turned to the apex court for all sorts of things.But Chaudhry's restoration proved nightmarish for president Asif Ali Zardari as he struck down an amnesty law promulgated by Musharraf to pave way for Bhutto's return to the country.Chuadhry's firm stand on reopening of cases against Zardari further enhanced his standing. He sent a strong message to the military that the judiciary would not approve any extra constitutional measures to topple the elected government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11594673", "title": "Power crisis worsens in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Technical snags and local faults aggravated the power crisis in the city on Sunday. A fault in one of the incoming panels in Chawkaghat substation disrupted power supply in Sigra, Mahmoorganj and other adjoining localities. It also triggered additional rostering in southern parts of the city.Technical snags in 132 kv Ledhupur substation disrupted power supply in trans-Varuna areas. Subhash Mehta, executive engineer, Dubakia control unit under PVVNL, said that the shift-wise rostering period has been extended up to five hours on the instructions of Lucknow office.As per reports of PVVNL office, the scheduled power rostering is being done in three shifts starting from 9 am to 11 am, 3 pm to 5 pm and 9 pm to 10 pm. However, most parts of the city are witnessing additional rostering as power supply is being hit by local faults and technical snags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11597496", "title": "City faces dengue, chikungunya threat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The mounting garbage heaps in the city have become a cause of concern with the district health administration confirming the spread of diseases like dengue and chikungunya.\"Garbage heaps have increased the number of mosquitoes in certain areas of the capital city and this is helping the spread of diseases,\" said National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) district programme manager Dr Unnikrishnan. However, he said that there was no need to panic since it is not an epidemic.Steps have been taken for source reduction and fogging has been intensified in the areas where cases of fever have been reported. Most of the cases have been identified in the coastal belt of the district, he said. The areas between Poonthura and Veli have been identified as most sensitive as the garbage menace is the worst there. Apart from this, certain pockets of Valiyathura have also been identified as vulnerable. Every day at least five case of dengue or chikungunya are reported from this area since last week. So far, 24 cases of dengue have been reported from these coastal areas.Intermittent rains are also a cause of concern for the authorities. They have confirmed that rain and water-logging have also increased the mosquito density in the coastal belt. Since the atmosphere is mostly wet in these areas, burning of waste has also become a difficult task.The district health administration is also planning to organize a series of medical camps in these areas. More ASHA workers and health inspectors have been deployed to spread awareness. \"Activities to control the spreading of fever are also in full swing and the situation is under control. All hospitals in these area have been stocked with necessary medicines,\" said Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602373", "title": "Siddharth's giving some real gyaan!", "text": "Producer Siddharth Kumar Tewary's production house Swastik has three shows on air namely Phulwa on Colors, Navya on Star Plus and Shobha Somnath Ki on Zee TV.The production house portfolio is so good that all the actors want to work in their projects on account of good professional reputation in the market. Siddharth is known for churning out creative and innovative content. His next show is a quiz show on Imagine TV where two people compete against each other. It is a reality show based on your faith, belief, identity, tradition in short our culture. That tests your knowledge on traditions, values, rituals, ceremonies, festivals, etc. This show brings you closer to your roots. It is a bid to find the people who are completely in tune with their Sanskriti.The show will be a half hour daily being aired from Monday to Friday from 23 rd January in 7.30 pm time slot. Producer Siddharth Kumar Tewary says, \"It's a unique quiz show. Gyaan Guru will showcase India and it's culture at its majestic best. Every nook and corner of Indian culture will be explored and lot of research has gone into making it. We at Swastik want to offer a holistic portfolio of compelling content - be it in reality, fiction or non-fiction\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595929", "title": "Sellers diluting milk, most common malpractice", "text": "JAIPUR: The drive against adulterated milk has exposed the malpractices of sellers, the most common being adding large quantities of water to dilute milk.Nearly half of the samples tested by mobile laboratories over the past three days were found to be diluted by large quantity of water. Of these, three samples have been sent for tests to check presence of urea, detergent and other substances.On Sunday, nearly 44 milk samples were tested, of which several were found to be adulterated with water. \"These samples were adulterated by 15% to 35% water,\" said district supply officer UD Khan.While milk price is soaring, sellers shortchange buyers by adding water to milk, thereby, reducing its nutrient value.On Saturday, the mobile laboratories had tested 48 samples and found that 22 were adulterated with 20% to 50% water. The health and medical department seized 28 drums of milk, approximately 900 litres, suspected to be adulterated, at a checkpost near Harmada on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11595580", "title": "Missing documents hampering cag probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Auditors from CAG failed to unravel the mystery of financial irregularities related to the office of chief medical officer, family welfare (CMO-FW). This was mainly because of lack of support from UP babus and health officials. Details gathered from the CAG report reveal that records pertaining to Rs 49.42 crore were not provided to the auditors despite repeated requests.Over 90% of these records were related to District Health Society (DHS) and expenditure in various health schemes that come under the umbrella of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). The documents sought were of financial years 2009-10 and 2010-11.The team was told that the records have been seized by the Central Bureau of Investigation. Incidentally, sources said that even CBI officials are groping in dark on this count. All records related to medicine and equipment purchase, utilisation certificates and of community health centre (CHC) in Sarojani Nagar for the years 2009-11 were also not provided. The financial worth of the said records is estimated to be Rs 2.34 crore. Health officials gave the CBI an alibi here too. The records containing financial details worth Rs 4.30 crore - related to Mall CHC - are also missing. In fact, additional director, health, Lucknow division, is now trying to crack this code. At least two dozen files related to expenditure under various schemes of NRHM for a period starting from 2006 till 2011 cannot be located. Several records related to the CHC in Kakori are also untraceable.The documents become a crucial piece of evidence because of the time-period they represent 2009-11 - the span during which the grants for NRHM soared, the post of CMO-FW was created and later two of the CMO-FW were murdered in broad daylight. Probably, it is for this that the auditors were not able to take city as a part of their test sample groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11595876", "title": "Panel likely to monitor rainwater harvesting", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is planning to pump adrenaline into the rainwater harvesting rule, an initiative of chief minister J Jayalalithaa during her past regime.And as a first step, Rain Centre, an NGO, has suggested appointment of an independent monitoring agency to evaluate rainwater harvesting systems installed by builders in their complexes in the city.This is one of the several suggestions forwarded to the government by the NGO on rainwater harvesting.\"In the last five years, harvesting systems were not properly installed by builders in their apartment complexes. Nobody monitors it. So we need an agency to monitor whether the systems are installed efficiently. The agency can report to the government to take action against erring builders,\" said Sekhar Raghavan, director of Rain Centre.Groundwater level and its quality have bettered because of the efforts to install rainwater harvesting system in apartment complexes and commercial buildings in 2003.\"Though harvesting was made mandatory in 2002-03, a survey by Rain Centre immediately thereafter revealed that only 50% of the residents had implemented the system well. This has come down further. Despite this, water table has improved by 20 feet,\" he said.Rain Centre's has also recommended shifting out the responsibility of storm water drains from the corporation and bringing it under CMWSSB. It wouldn't be a difficult exercise since the corporation and CMWSSB come under the department of municipal administration and water supply.The NGO has asked the government to renovate or de-silt traditional lakes or water bodies and turn them into fresh water reservoirs. \"Chennai meets close to 40% of its water needs only from three such traditional lakes,\" Sekhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11597322", "title": "Kozhikode retains top spot at Kalolsavam", "text": "THRISSUR: Defending champions Kozhikode won the gold cup, for the sixth time in a row, at 52nd State School Arts Festival in Thrissur on Sunday. Kozhikode's 810 points ensured their victory while hosts Thrissur finished second with 779 points and Malappuram came third with 776 points.Kanhangad's Durga HS School topped this year too in the higher secondary category with 137 points bettering its previous year's score of 108. The school also finished first in the Sanskrit Kalolsavam with 43 points. In the high school section, Kannur's St Teresa's AIHSS topped with 81points while Iravonkonni's PSVPMHSS won the Arabic kalolsavam with 39 points.Chief Minister Oommen Chandy , who inaugurated the concluding ceremony, hoped the festival would help participants pave a better future. \"This is a stepping stone for all artists for now they will enter the real world of art and culture. The world saw how culturally rich our state is and we are proud that our cultural legacy is safe in the hands of these children,\" said the chief minister.Congratulating the winners and participants of Asia's largest youth festival, Chandy said the government would try to find sponsors and provide financial aid to young talents who come from a financially weak background. \"I doubt there won't be any festival that can rival ours participants, stages, venues, days and spectators. I hope timely changes in the festival manual and better organizational skills will take this festival to new heights,\" he said.Malappuram to host next editionEducation minister P K Abdurab confirmed that 53rd edition of the state schools arts festival would be held in Malappuram. \"State government is mooting a festival calendar for the state arts festival starting next year. Discussions are on to include various traditional art forms of Kerala,\" said the minister, adding the state science festival, sports festival and special kalolsavam will be held at Kannur, Thiruvananthapuram and Thodupuzha, respectively.The minister said the arts festival website recorded 8 lakh hits during the event. \"Last year the number of hits was just above 1.8 lakh. Also, we were able to telecast programmes of six venues in 59 countries across the world. Next edition onwards, we will telecast all competitions through the website,\" he said.Minister for cooperation C N Balakrishnan, social welfare minister MK Muneer, MLAs and MPs from Thrissur district, Thrissur corporation mayor IP Paul, deputy mayor Subi Babu, district panchayat president KV Dasan attended the closing ceremony.Points tableKozhikode 810Thrissur 779Malappuram 776Kannur 775Palakkad 769Kottayam 745Ernakulam 741Thiruvananthapuram 735Alappuzha 708Kasargod 698Kollam 688Wayanad 650Pathanamthitta 648Idukki 568", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11597378", "title": "Ponmudi, Kovalam, Akkulam to get facelift", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Destinations frequented by tourists in Thiruvananthapuram and Varkala will be given a facelift as part Destination Development Initiative, envisaged by Kerala tourism. Kerala tourism has proposed plans for development and beautification of three locations in Ponmudi, Kovalam Akkulam besides Varkala. This was announced by state tourism minister A P Anilkumar here on Thursday.\"The upper sanatorium area in Ponmudi lacks basic facilities. The Tourism Department has come up with a detailed project and the plan is to pull down the guesthouse building and build an eco-friendly structure in keeping with the aesthetics of the surrounding area,\" minister said.The new guesthouse, tagged 'Ponmudi Palace - A Palatial Experience at the Hills', will be a built on a 40 cents plot at a cost of Rs 4 crore. The ground floor will have a reception area, car porch, admin-area and public zone. The ground floor and first floor will have eight rooms and two suites each. The restaurant will be on the second floor and have a view of the valley below. The third floor will have a board room and banquet facility besides six rooms.The upper sanatorium area where tourists flock to catch the view of the valley will have a tourist amenity centre, which will be built at the cost of Rs 90 Lakh. Children's park, toilet blocks, interpreter's centre and rain shelter are the other add-ons to come up in Ponmudi.Edackkal rocks, the rocky area sandwiched between the Lighthouse beach and Eve's Beach in Kovalam, will be beautified in the first phase of the project that will be implemented at a cost of Rs 49 lakhs. The lifeguard station will be pulled down and a tall structure, that looks like the lighthouse, will be erected in its place so that the guards can have a better view of the beach.The work at Edackkal rocks will commence on January 25 and will be completed in 100 days, said the minister. Rs 3 crore have been set aside for pending work at the crafts village. And another 15 crore has been sanctioned to the Kerala Water Authority to provide drinking water to the residents of Kovalam. Either sides of the Airport-Kovalam road will also be spruced up and made garbage-free on a PPP model.Varkala and adjoining areas like Kapil Boat Club and Hariharpuram also stand to benefit from the development drive. An open air theatre which will seat 200 people is part of the Rs 1.36 crore, first phase of development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600388", "title": "Valentine's Night", "text": "CastDirector: Kirshan &amp; Badal Cast: Payal Rohatgi, Sangram Singh, Rakhi Sawant , Rahul Minz, Neha Thakur Producer: Kirshan Kumar &amp; Sanjeev Malhotra Banner: Kirshnam Mediatech Privtae Ltd. Story-Dialogue: Kumar Badal Cinematographer: Premanand Bhagirath Editor: Manoj Mishra Music: Astitva 'The Band' Lyrics: Tehseen Munnavar &amp; Astitva 'The band' Genre : Romantic Thriller Release Date: February 10, 2012SynopsisThe movie chronicles the life of four couples breaking up on Valentine's Day in New Delhi. The broken hearts meet on social networking sites and decide to leave their pain of separation behind. They move out to enjoy the 'Valentine's Night'.The story revolves around the NIGHT of Valentine's day, when all the four couples meet. There is loyalty test, there are mistakes committed and what happens thereon is quite an adventure. Each gets the love of their life but not before a murder is committed....Everybody is under the scanner but who has done it? From Romance to thrill, 'Valentine's Night' travels the complete journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11595881", "title": "Bureaucrats, netas batted for green", "text": "KOLKATA: 'Historic' is how green lovers, activists and even state environment department officials reacted to the coordinated action against wetland encroachment over the weekend.The general sense was one of accomplishment and euphoria at having witnessed government agencies taking on the real estate might. Undoubtedly, Saturday's drive was the most significant in recent memory, given the sheer size of the wetland that was under threat and the astronomical price it would have fetched after conversion to real estate.There are, however, instances in the past when bureaucrats, technocrats and even ministers have stood up to be counted when environment faced a threat.In the 1980s and the 1990s, two big wetlands-Santragachi jheel in Howrah and Brace Bridge jheel in south-west Kolkata-were under threat, not from the land mafia but by central government organizations that wanted to realize the monetary value locked in the prime land.While the Santragachi jheel owned by South Eastern Railway (SER) was lying unused next to Santragachi station, the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) waterbody at Brace Bridge was leased to Mudiali Cooperative Fisheries for pisciculture.Both KoPT and SER had then prepared proposals on filling up the waterbody and convert the 'waste' land into 'productive' asset.It was Dhrubajyoti Ghosh, a wetland expert, who intervened and convinced then SER general manager Anup Singh and KoPT chairman Animesh Ray to reconsider the projects for the sake of environment. The persuasive method worked. Both Singh and Ray understood the importance of wetlands and agreed to conserve them.In the past decade, two ministers of the erstwhile Left Front government have personally intervened to save wetlands. Then fisheries minister Kiranmoy Nanda had stopped the dumping of waste to fill up a wetland next to Captain bheri along EM Bypass after an SOS call from an NGO. Though a slew of government bodies including WBIDC, KMDA and KMC had given permission to a joint venture project on the plot, Nanda refused to tow the line. The project was ultimately scrapped.Former environment minister Manab Mukherjee, too, stopped the clandestine draining of water from a wetland along EM Bypass. The site was to be developed into a market complex. Mukherjee took a tough stance on the matter and not only stopped the encroachment but ensured that water was pumped into the wetland from a nearby source to have it restored within a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11597873", "title": "Painting adds colours to her life", "text": "LUDHIANA: Painting is her passion and she wishes to open her studio where she can teach the art to children. Amandeep Kaur, a resident of Atam Nagar, a fashion and interior design teacher at a local fashion institute, has made a mark on the art scene of city through her talent of using colours on the canvas.Amandeep, daughter of spare part automobile businessman, Avtar Singh, and homemaker Rupinder Kaur, says, \"I developed a taste for painting when I was in class XI. During my graduation, I used to paint nature, flowers, religious paintings and also portrait paintings. I also participated in many inter-zonal youth festivals and inter-college painting competitions. Even when I was pursuing masters in English, I continued to put my ideas on the canvas.\"Amandeep adds, \"I have made more than 50 paintings till date. I have done paintings on religion (about 2-3), including Sikhism, nature (30), flowers (10-12) and portraits (10-12) of Guru Nanak Dev ji, Guru Gobind ji, Radha Krishan ji and Buddha ji. I have been doing oil paintings, water colour paintings, acrylic paintings and pencil sketching.\"About her favourite paintings and painters, Amandeep says, \"I like renaissance period paintings and modern art work. My favourite painter is the late M F Hussain, whose abstract paintings are awesome. My dream is to open an art studio where I would love to teach kids. My parents have always supported me in whatever I did.\"Mona Lall, Managing Director of INIFD, where Amandeep works as teacher of fashion and interior designs, also appreciates the painting talent of Amandeep, saying, \"She is a very good painter\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11593708", "title": "ABS activists to intensify stir for bridges", "text": "VARANASI: The activists of Adarsh Bharatiya Sangh (ABS) organised a 'chaupal' (meeting) of local natives in Saraimohana area on Sunday to work out strategy for intensifying their stir demanding completion of cemented bridges on Ganga and Varuna rivers in the region.The fate of four cemented bridges has been hanging in balance for the last five years in the district. ABS president Sanjay Chaubey said that the issue has attained prominence in view of upcoming assembly election. He said the ABS members would boycott assembly election if their demands are not listened to.He also said that the ABS would launch a massive movement with the support of locals for expediting the construction of bridges in Saraimohana, Koraut, Pissaur and Samneghat, besides demanding construction of a new bridge in Masjidiya Ghat area.Meanwhile, the activists of ABS expressed satisfaction over the start of soil testing for construction of unfinished Saraimohana Bridge on Varuna river on Sunday. As per Ramashray Patel, vice-president, ABS, the movement would continue till the construction of bridges is complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602501", "title": "Raghu Ram unwinds with music", "text": "Roadies - you hear this show's name and the face you visualize immediately will be of Raghu Ram - the person who has been the person behind success of each season.And his popularity needs no detailing, he has become the icon for most of youngsters to look up at as a task-master, also at times termed as rude man on television is going strong as he along with his 'mean' crew are heading for ninth season of the show. Raghu details, \"This season, will be different in every way. We are shooting in Brazil - a country where people make a life battling with the extreme situation. So, we understood the culture, traditions, lifestyle of this country and plotted the tasks in accordance.It was a cumbersome task for me and my crew.\" Raghu, who was seen in films like Jhootha Hi Sahi and Tees Maar Khan, will soon be seen in upcoming film Agent Vinod. He feels acting happened just by chance to him. And how does Raghu handle so much of work pressure? What is it that keeps him going? \"Usually I take a break post Roadies' season and escape to Himalayas. But, within routine, I love to listen to any kind of music and that unwinds me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "helsinki", "code": "11601381", "title": "Nokia Lumia sales seen topping 1m", "text": "HELSINKI: Nokia Oyj's first phones running Microsoft Corp software may have sold enough units last year to help rebuild investor confidence in the Finnish company, which lost $19 billion in market value in 2011.The Lumia handsets, which went on sale in Europe in November, probably sold 1.3 million units globally to operators and retailers by the end of last year, according to the average estimate of 22 analysts compiled by Bloomberg . The projections range from 800,000 to 2 million and only one analyst predicted sales of fewer than 1 million handsets.\"The numbers look promising,\" said Espen Furnes, an Oslo- based fund manager at Storebrand Asset Management, which sold Nokia shares last year and counts Apple Inc in more than $60 billion it oversees.\"If Nokia is able to have a strong launch and surpass at least 1 million and keep that type of momentum, this would help put them in a credible position that is crucial to winning back investors.\"Chief Executive Officer Stephen Elop has staked the future of Nokia's smartphone business on the Lumia series, after deciding almost a year ago that the Espoo, Finland-based company would retire its homegrown Symbian and MeeGo handsets. The early shipment figures are important because investors had doubted the alliance with Microsoft could compete with Apple's iPhone and devices running on Android , developed by Google Inc.Elop, 48, has refused to give sales forecasts for the Lumia models and kept initial expectations low by stressing the long- term work involved in building a new \"ecosystem\" of applications and developers with Microsoft. The partnership with the world's largest software maker was announced on February 11.Hero handsets? \"There weren't a lot of the hero handsets out there -- HTC were struggling, RIM didn't have a show-me device, Sony Ericsson and Motorola weren't really stepping into the mix, so there was probably enough space for Nokia to be able to point to fourth- quarter numbers they were happy with,\" said Lee Simpson, a London-based analyst at Jefferies International.Sales of the Symbian smartphone line declined 36 per cent in the two quarters between the Lumia announcement and launch, and will likely have a bigger effect on revenue and profit. Nokia, which reports earnings January 26, probably had a fourth-quarter loss of 92 million euros ($119 million), as sales may have fallen 20 per cent to 1 billion euros, separate surveys of analysts showed. Nokia spokesman Doug Dawson declined to comment before the release.Cheaper models Nokia's shares fell 52 per cent in 2011. Today, the stock rose 0.1 per cent to 4.35 euros in Helsinki trading as of 10:16 am. Since the beginning of this year, Nokia has gained 15 per cent, while Apple rose 3.8 per cent and HTC was down 1.7 per cent. The Lumia models won respect from reviewers and bloggers, including 13 awards at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .\"What's really needed is cheaper models to compensate for the declining trend in Symbian, which sold in large numbers in the main smartphone category of 200 to 300 euros,\" said FIM Bank analyst Michael Schroeder. Those aren't likely to come until the second half, he said.The 420-euro Lumia 800 went on sale in Europe the week of November 14, while the 270-euro Lumia 710 started selling in four Asian markets and Russia in December. Carphone Warehouse Group Plc (CPW)'s website carries Samsung Electronics Co's Galaxy Y for 115 pounds without a contract, the Galaxy S 2 for 460 pounds without a contract, and HTC's Desire S for 290 pounds.Debt rating cuts \"Half a million would be realistic and acceptable given the short period of time these handsets have been on the market,\" said SEB Enskilda analyst Mats Nystroem of the Lumia.The fact that Nokia, the world's largest mobile-phone maker, had been eclipsed in smartphones gradually became apparent to shareholders in the three years after the 2007 Apple iPhone introduction. The discovery erased more than 60 billion euros in value before then-Microsoft executive Elop was appointed to take over in September 2010. Nokia's debt ratings were cut last year by Standard &amp; Poor's and Moody's on concerns that a turnaround would take too long.Elop introduced a third model on January 9, the Lumia 900, on AT&T; Inc with a larger screen and the ability to operate on so- called 4G high-speed broadband networks.Lumia sales may reach 3.2 million units this quarter as the handsets ramp up in Asia, according to the average of 16 analyst estimates. Estimates for full-year sales of Windows Phones have reached as high as 37 million units from Morgan Stanley .'Too rich' First-quarter estimates range from 1.5 million to 6 million. The smartphone market may have grown 50 per cent last year, Gartner Inc analysts estimated in November, compared with 13.9 per cent growth in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11602174", "title": "City women police under fire, again", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The role of Mahila police has come under the scanner again following allegation that it is shielding kidnappers of a city-based college girl, who is missing since January 18. Earlier, the Mahila police station had drawn flak for allegedly attempting to hush up a kidnap and gang rape case.Family of the 17-year-old Plus II student on Sunday staged a demonstration at the Mahila police station here, demanding immediate arrest of the accused, who allegedly kidnapped her while she was on her way to tuition classes in Chandrasekharpur area of the city.\"We lodged a complaint with police on January 19 but the police are not taking any action. Police have failed to trace my sister,\" said the girl's brother Susant Kumar Pradhan.The girl's family, which stays in Nilamadhab Basti near BDA colony, had last talked to her on January 18, the day she was allegedly kidnapped. \"She had called up my uncle saying some miscreants have kidnapped her. Her mobile phone has since been out of the coverage area,\" Pradhan said.He suspected the involvement of a local woman in the case. \"A local boy happened to see the woman dragging my sister into a car. Some youths were present in the car. The car sped away without the woman,\" Pradhan said.Police said a case of kidnapping has been registered in this connection. \"The case was registered the same day of the receipt of FIR. We are looking for the accused,\" a police officer said. \"We suspect she eloped with somebody,\" he added.But the girl's brother refuted she had any affair with anyone. Sources said police detained the woman in question and was interrogating her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11595809", "title": "Gujarati loses life in Nigeria terror attack that killed 162", "text": "VADODARA: He had moved to Nigeria just 10 months ago to earn bread and butter for his family. But, 23-year-old Keval Kalidas Rajput, a resident of Devgadh Baria in Dahod district in Gujarat, breathed his last in Kano, Nigeria's second largest city. Rajput died during the ghastly terror attack that rocked the African country and killed over 162 people on Saturday. Rajput was working as a driver with M/s Relchem, a Kano-based company. Tushar Singh, Devgadh Baria MLA, is now making efforts to get his body back to Gujarat.According to an official release of Indian high commission in Nigeria, Rajput and his two co-employees had entered the zone of hostilities during the attack. 'He and his two co-employees Hari Prasad Bhusal and Raj Singh (both Nepali nationals) lost their lives when their car apparently entered a zone of hostilities. The parents of late Rajput have been informed,' read the release put on the Indian high commission's website.The release has also provided Rajput's passport number issued on March 30, 2010 by regional passport office of Ahmedabad. However, there is no information on whether Rajput died in gunfire or by bomb blasts. Rajput was taken to a local hospital where he died during treatment.\"I got a call from one of Rajput's friends on Saturday stating that he has received injuries. But on Sunday morning I learnt that he has passed away. I got confirmation from Suresh K Makhijani, Indian high commission counsellor in Nigeria,\" said Tushar Singh.\"We are trying to get Rajput's body back to Gujarat for carrying out his last rites. I have written to Gujarat chief minister's PA and other authorities for the same. It is my appeal to the government to ensure that Rajput's body is handed over to his aggrieved family,\" Tushar Singh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602165", "title": "Shekhar Suman to start second season of Movers &amp; Shakers!", "text": "Shekhar Suman is a happy man these days. And there is more than one reason behind it. Suman, who became one of the most sought after faces on TV in the 90s with shows like Dekh Bhai Dekhand Reporter , to name a few, will soon be back with the second season of his popular TV show Movers &amp; Shakers.\"I will be starting the second season of Movers and Shakers very soon. While I have judged a few stand-up comedy shows, it's sad to see performers resorting to vulgarity and double-meaning jokes to make people laugh. It's time again for some sensible satire!\" shares Suman.Besides, he is planning to direct a film that stars his son Adhyayan. \"I am making this medical thriller called Heartless , and would love to direct it if my schedule permits. It will also star Giselle Monteiro and Naseer saab ,\" he says.Asked about what wrong with his film career in the early phase of his career, Suman admits, \"I needed a big break in films, but never got a good enough role. I tried my very best in the films that I got. Then, there came a phase when I had to choose between continuing doing such films and doing good work on television. Thankfully, I chose the latter. The best part about my journey on television is that I have never been typecast in a particular image.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599286", "title": "The Food Oscars are here!", "text": "Tonight, the launch of the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Chennai, 2012, will be a celebration of the city's best culinary talentChennai and saapaad are synonymous. And the city's culinary landscape has only grown wider with each passing year. Tonight, the city's gourmands are in for a special treat. The launch of the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Chennai, 2012, at the Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers will see Kollywood celebrities and the who's who in the city at the spectacular event.One must not forget it's also a night to showcase culinary excellence and the best chefs across this city will vie for your attention with their culinary delights. Celebrating cuisine, the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Awards will be presented to the city's finest talent with more than 30 winners in 21 categories, which ranges from traditional south Indian eateries to the best Japanese, Continental and Italian restaurants and trendy lounges, restobars, cafes and confectionaries.The real party begins after the awards, as the invitees get to taste the signature dishes, desserts and drinks from these award-winning joints. With a generous sprinkling of glamour, courtesy Kollywood, and the best gastronomic delicacies, courtesy the best culinary talents in the city, it's the winning recipe for a perfect evening.The Times Food and Nightlife Awards are being held in association with co-sponsors Kaff Appliances and supported by Kingfisher. For more information on the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Chennai, 2012, visit www.timescity.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11597400", "title": "Nigerian students\u2019 issue: CM orders probe", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday directed Ernakulam district collector to conduct an inquiry into the issue in which strife broke out between Nigerian students and residents of an apartment at Thrikkarara in the city.While the residents lodged a complaint before the police alleging that the Nigerians were exhibiting nudity from the balcony of the apartment where lot of local people were staying with their family members, the Nigerian students complained that they were \"racially discriminated\" by the locals.The chief minister said that the collector had been directed to look into issue in detail as it was a sensitive issue involving foreigners. The Nigerians students from Niger Delta had come to the city for training at a private institution called Euro Tech Maritime Academy under the sponsorship of Government of Nigeria.The Nigerians, in their complaint, had alleged that \"a few anti-socials at the apartment are threatening us with dire consequences. They are calling us Negroes and Blacks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11596999", "title": "Akali manifesto high on populism", "text": "High on populist agenda and with an assurance to fulfil projects that could not be completed in its previous terms, the election manifesto of ruling Shiromani Akali Dal was released on Sunday. The document attempts to woo many sections of the society by increasing the quantum and categories of doles and schemes offered.In a move apparently aimed at taking the edge off the Congress promise of providing atta at Rs 1/kg, SAD also promises its cheap atta-dal scheme would be \"suitably amended to be made more poor-friendly... (the party will) progressively work towards giving atta at Rs 1/kg\". Congress had earlier promised to provide atta at Rs 1/kg against Akalis' Rs 4/kg.The 'incentives' include enhancing 'shagun' scheme from Rs 15,000 to Rs 31,000, old age and widow pension from Rs 250 to Rs 600, free laptops and data cards for all Class XII students in government schools, free education for all girls up to Class XII, all blue card holders to be deemed BPL for social welfare schemes, including a free medical cover worth Rs 2 lakh, free gas connection for BPL and free five marla plots to all landless poor in the state.The party's political vision includes a demand for federal structure and to highlight \"demands and grievances of Punjab\". It strives to maintain peace that is a \"necessary condition for development.\" It also repeats its 2007 promise of making Punjab power surplus, but extends the deadline to 2013-2014.At the end of his party's five-year term, SAD president admitted that the industry had been complaining about bottlenecks and problems in getting clearances. \"We will simplify procedures further and clearances would be made simpler,\" he said. Addressing its traditional vote bank of peasants, the party promises tubewells to all landowners holding less than 5 acre land and clearing the backlog for the rest.Asked how would the party arrange for funds when the state had a huge debt to repay, Sukhbir said, \"Through resource generations, just the way we doubled state revenues from Rs 3,500 crore to Rs 7,600 crore in five years.\" Tax rationalization and not tax enhancement would bring in added revenues, he stated.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11591141", "title": "Republic Day parade rehearsal: Traffic to be hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters headed to central Delhi may face traffic troubles tomorrow morning due to the full dress rehearsal of Republic Day parade.Delhi traffic police has issued traffic advisory specifying curbs on movement of vehicles due to the rehearsal and have asked people to avoid the parade route from Rajpath to Red Fort.From 10 am, traffic on Tilak Marg, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg and Netaji Subhash Marg will not be allowed in both directions.But cross traffic will be allowed taking into consideration the parade position.Motorists have been advised to plan their journey and avoid the parade route from 9.30 am to 12 noon.No traffic will be allowed from Vijay Chowk to India Gate on Rajpath from 5 am to 12.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595835", "title": "SC defines property will rules for wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Hindu woman who gets property from her husband through a will cannot have absolute right over it unlike property inherited by her through succession, the Supreme Court has ruled.In other words, though the Hindu Marriage Act provides absolute right to a woman on the property inherited through succession from her husband, she cannot have the same privilege if the property devolves on her through a \"will\" with restricted clauses.A two-judge benchpassed the ruling while upholding an appeal filed by a land owner Jagan Singh challenging the right of his widowed sister-in-law Dhanwanti to sell her plot which was gifted through a will by her husband Umrao Singh.Umrao Singh in his will had stated that his wife Dhanwanti will be the owner of the plot, but would not have any right to dispose off the property. However, after the death of her husband, Dhanwanti attempted to sell the plot, which was challenged by Jagan Singh.Both the trial court and the Allahabad high court rejected his plea on the ground that Dhanwanti under the marriage act had absolute right to enjoy, dispose or gift the property to any person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11596360", "title": "New compost yard promises to rid Madurai of garbage", "text": "MADURAI: Yet another effort is being made to clean up the city. A new compost yard set up as a public private initiative under JnNURM is set to start functioning soon. It has set an ambitious target of clearing Madurai city of its garbage dumps and hopes to process perishable waste into organic manure.Speaking to The Times of India, Madurai mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said Madurai Municipal Waste Processing Company Private Ltd, the waste processing unit set up in Vellaikal near Madurai airport, would become operational by the end of this month.Sanction for this project, which has been set up at a cost of Rs 57 crore, was made under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) programme, in 2007.Clearances from the pollution control board and the aviation ministry -- it is in the vicinity of the airport - for the plant which was set up in 2010 through a public-private partnership model between the Madurai Corporation and private firm SPML Insra Ltd have been received.The 100 wards in the Madurai Corporation generate about 600 tonnes of mixed waste of which 20% is degradable. This will be converted into rich organic manure, which will be sold in bulk and also in retail as per demand. Output of degradable waste goes up to even 40% of total mixed waste during festival season, when large crowds throng the streets of Madurai.As of now, a tonne of this rich manure works out to about Rs 3,000 plus taxes. Three-hundred-and-fifty garbage collection tippers will bring the mixed waste and dump it in the 68-acre yard. The waste will be segregated into biodegradable and non-biodegradable in the various units of the plants.According to Rishabh Sethi, executive director of the plant, they would operate it for 20 years and if not immediately, the plants' functioning would definitely make Madurai free of garbage dumps in the next two to three years. The non-degradable waste would be converted into scientific landfills before disposal.Granulated manure will be packed in 50-kg bags and will be available in the market a few days after the plant starts operations. At present, in many of the newly-added wards of the Madurai Corporation, private operators collect garbage from home for a fee and dump it on the outskirts of the city. Most of the garbage collected in Melamadai, Gomathypuram and Anna Nagar are dumped into the channels flowing through these areas, while a large portion is dumped along the bund of the Vandiyur tank.\"This should be avoided and people should be strictly informed of segregating wastes in their homes for proper disposal,\" said Senthura Pandian, a retired professor, who says that moves to make Madurai garbage-free never materialised even when it had lesser wards.Sanction for project, which has been set up at a cost of Rs 57 crore, was made under the JnNURM programme in 2007.The plant was set up in 2010 through a PPP model between the Madurai Corporation and private firm SPML Insra Ltd.The 100 wards in the Madurai Corporation generate about 600 tonnes of mixed waste of which 20% is degradable.This will be converted into rich organic manure, which will be sold in bulk and also in retail as per demand.As of now, a tonne of this rich manure works out to about Rs 3,000 plus taxes.350 garbage collection tippers will bring the mixed waste and dump it in the 68-acre yard, after which segregation will take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595303", "title": "Paperwork dogs MCD\u2019s e-service", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD pumped in Rs 200 crore to go online, but e-governance is still a far cry. Residents still have to submit hard copies of relevant documents along with the online application to get the agency nod.MCD officials say the project is still at a preliminary stage and the difficulties faced will be sorted out by February.\"The ownership deed has to be uploaded when applying for plan sanction. Since the ownership deed runs into over a 100 pages, it is not possible to upload them all. Then these documents have to be approved by the legal and the town planning department, so we have to maintain a hard copy of the file. According to the additional commissioner's order, both hard and soft copies have to be maintained by MCD as the sanctioning of building plans online is still at an experimental stage till February,\" said an MCD official.To apply online, the applicant has to upload the building plan on the MCD site. It claims the request is processed within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595788", "title": "Near-chaos situation at Winfrey session", "text": "JAIPUR: All the roads to Diggi Palace were jammed and a battery of vehicles was queued up stretching to half a kilometer to the venue of Jaipur literature festival as visitors including many VVIPs braved the ordeal to be part of the celebrated talk show queen Oprah Winfrey's session.While the main gate of the Front Lawns locked by the organizers, who citied 'overcrowding' the reason, people like filmmaker Shekhar Kapur , Dr. Naresh Trehan and many other top-notch delegates couldn't find a place to sit.Though it was anticipated that Winfrey's session would be overcrowded, the organizers found it difficult to control the commotion and near chaos situation created by the curious crowd.Many people including those who had come to attend the session couldn't find entry by as the police and organizers had to close the check points, fearing the situation could break into chaos.Visitors kept requesting the security personnel to let them go inside while private security guards stopped them saying \"it was already overcrowded\". When some elderly persons resented over it, some of the elderly persons were allowed while many were deprived of the chance to see Winfrey .\"The front lawn is full of people. We can't allow them. If they were so keen to listen to Oprah they should had came on time,\" said a police officer on duty.Spats were rampant at the spot where people including women , girls and youngsters were seen at loggerheads with the policemen and the security personnel. Private security personnel couldn't belp being harsh and they had even threatened the people inside the venue not to move here and there.\"These people are driving us out for no reason. What is the point in inviting people and then pushing them out,\" said Alica Johnathan who was seen struggling with the security guard to get inside.Since Oprah was in conversation, some people who were standing outside the main gate complained that organsiers should have put up a big screen outside the gate so that people could have watched the session\"If they are not allowing us inside for this particular event they should have made arrangements for big screen outside the Diggi palace,\" said Madhushree Chatterji, a hotelier from Delhi, who was standing outside with her husband.When contacted, organizer Sanjoy Roy said, \"We can't create a stampede like situation here. One has to maintain order during the event.\"The third day of the event witnessed 18,000 people visiting the venue, while on the second day there were 17 footfalls registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596756", "title": "Industrialist\u2019s car drives into Matheran", "text": "MUMBAI: The Matheran police registered a non-cognizable (NC) offence against the chauffeur of a leading industrialist for driving into the hill station's eco-sensitive zone, where vehicles are banned. The industrialist's wife was reportedly in the car when the incident took place.\"On Saturday evening, the driver, Sudhir Shinde, drove a Honda CRV (MH01-AE-5910) into the zone,\" said a police officer. \"A traffic constable posted at the gate tried to stop the vehicle, but Shinde continued to drive towards Rugby hotel, which is situated around 2.5 km inside the restricted area. The constable informed the Matheran police, which then sent its team. They found the car parked outside the hotel,\" the officer added.\"We filed an NC offence against the driver,\" said Pradeep Kasabe, incharge of Matheran police station. Police officers said they will submit a detailed report in the Neral court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11593774", "title": "'La Nina' effect freezes life in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The return of coldwave in the region is threatening to put brakes on train and bus services again. While the weather scientists are attributing the effect to La Nina factor that has pushed northern parts of the country under coldwave conditions, the cold has already started to give sleepless nights to railway authorities that had been expecting normal train movements after this month.As many as six long distance trains including Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express, Kashi Vishwanath Express, Jodhpur-Varanasi Marudhar Express, Jammu-Varanasi Express and Doon Express arrived late at Cantonment railway station on Sunday. Bus passengers preferred journey during the day while bus services from Roadways bus depot remained hampered at night.The return of cold conditions is definitely threatening to affect train movement, especially on long distance routes in northern parts of the country.\"New Delhi-bound Sitamarhi-New Delhi Lichchvi Express has been cancelled till January 31 on precautionary basis, but the cold conditions are promising to affect movements of additional trains passing from the region,\" said Ashok Kumar , public relation officer, NER (Varanasi division). \"So far, only limited trains have been cancelled but if same (weather) conditions prevailed for long, schedule of many other trains might be disrupted,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that a total of 25 pairs of trains including VIP train Shivganga Express pass through NER (Varanasi division) that is stretched over 1,200 km, covering east UP region and some parts of Bihar. In addition, the Cantonment railway station witnesses more than two dozen pairs of north-bound trains that crosses daily from the station, making it one of the busiest stations in east UP region.According to SN Pandey, weather scientist, BHU, the entire north-western parts of the country is under coldwave conditions facing double attack of La Nina in this winter season.\"The effect not only brings cold winds from Mediterranean Sea that reduces the temperature by 3 to 5 degrees C, the winds also force their way from parts of Europe to cross Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan before reaching India. The Western disturbances and fresh snowfall in the Himalayan region could be attributed to the impact of La Nina and it also promises to prolong winter, pushing it till the month of March this year,\" he added.The La Nina, a Spanish word meaning 'the girl', is associated with cold winds that bring monsoon in south-east Asia. The opposite of La Nina is El Nino, meaning 'the boy', which brings spate of dry and droughty winds lacking moisture in the air.As per records of regional Met office , the sudden turn of weather conditions are becoming evident as the mercury has started dipping in the region.The report indicates that while the maximum temperature has dropped from 21.9 degree C on January 20 to 17.2 degree C on Saturday (January 21), the minimum temperature has dipped from 10.2 degree to 6.4 degree C in the corresponding period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599876", "title": "The war of the voices", "text": "Shreya Ghoshal might not have minded AR Rahman's decision to change the voice for the Hindi version of a Tamil song sung by her.However, her fans seem to have not taken too well to this.The song, Sharminda Hoon from Ekk Diwana Tha, sung by Madhushri was voiced by Shreya in the original Tamil film, Vinnaithaandi Varuavaaya directed by Gautham Menon. However, for its Hindi rendition Rahman chose Madhushri to sing Javed Akhtar's lyrics. And when the song was put on an online portal, the problem began. Shreya's fans started posting negative comments about Madhushri online.\"I am surprised to see such reactions. I am a very positive person. And also, I have sung many songs for Rahmanji in the past. I have even sung in Tamil. It was Rahmanji's decision to choose the singer. The comments that are pouring in are very embarrassing,\" said Madhushri when contacted.\"Shreya is a very good singer. There's another song in the same film that was originally sung by south Indian singer Chinmayee in the original. Rahmanji chose Shreya for the Hindi version. I don't know why I am only getting such reactions,\" questioned Madhushri.In fact, there were so many hate mails that the site had to remove the posts, informed the singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "sheikhan majra (mohali)", "code": "11596621", "title": "Missing farm hands have Punjab farmers worried", "text": "SHEIKHAN MAJRA (MOHALI): As he languidly points to the sea of green behind his back, a vast expanse of wheat field being tended to by a sole worker, Kulwant Singh is a worried man. A Jat Sikh farmer (simply a Jatt), Singh owns 25 acres of land in his village.Come March and the harvesting of wheat will begun in the state which has, in the not so distant past, accounted for one-fifth of the country's total wheat and rice production. With the lush green fields again promising a golden harvest, Singh had even celebrated Lohri with typical Punjabi gusto. He is not in the mood to celebrate now.\"It's that time of the year when I need 25 people on my field; I have found only one until now,'' he says, as he nervously twirls his moustache. Most of the men who worked in his fields until a few years back were either from Bihar or UP but they have vanished now.\"An acre of wheat cutting by hand cost me Rs 500 but with the machines now it will cost me Rs 3,500. Also, almost half the crop gets destroyed with machines,'' he adds. He blames UPA's flagship project MGNREGS for his plight. This, when the job scheme promises a minimum wage of just Rs 120 compared to Rs 250, even Rs 300, which Singh is willing to offer. \"They say Rs 120 in their home is better than Rs 250 outside,'' he says.Inflation in India is often linked to \"supply-side factors'' and the sliding agrarian Punjab economy is an eye-opener. The average debt per farmer is already close to Rs 20,000 and with the youth in the state showing no inclination for agriculture, the situation is likely to worsen with the absence of migrant labour.\"The green revolution petered out earlier but the absence of migrant labour from all across the state has led to further decline. The government only comes up with excuses like Punjab not getting special status like Himachal and Uttarakhand and lack of more central assistance which obviously means subsidies,\" says Prof Ashutosh Kumar, who teaches political science in Punjab University.The farmers of Sheikhan Majra, mostly Jatts, are still with the ruling SAD though. Traditional SAD voters, they say they believe the father-son duo of Parkash Singh Badal and Sukhbir when they say that they will get imported machines to ensure harvesting is smooth and cheap.Ironically, MGNREGS, which has helped the government deal with poverty and unemployment in other states, has failed miserably in Punjab with hardly one-tenth of the funds meant for the state being utilized mainly because the average unskilled worker makes much more in prosperous Punjab than the minimum wage guaranteed under the scheme. \"The scheme was meant to help states but it has ended up hurting Punjab,'' is the clincher from Kulwant Singh.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11595728", "title": "Kids' fest recreates festive mood", "text": "MANGALORE: If the city was immersed in youthful exuberance during the 17th National Youth Festival (NYF) 2012 last week, it was the turn of Vamanjoor village, to embrace innocence personified, in the form of children, in the first ever Bal Bharath Srujanotsav held in the state at Pilikula on Sunday.This is the first Srujanotsav to be held outside Delhi.Nearly 4,000 children, including 1,430 from 20 states and union territories, descended in droves at the Pilukula venue in a procession which started from Vamanjoor junction, about two km from the venue. The mile-long procession was as colourful as the NYF procession with 26 teams and their guides, taking part in it.Jaya Tandel and Chinmaya from Daman, in the city for the first time were excited to present their machi (fisher folk dance) apart from dandiya, Portuguese and tribal dances in the festival.Their teacher Deepika Sahani said they had taken part in Children's Mela held in Delhi twice.Virat Gowda and Manjunath from Kodagu were in the traditional Coorgi attire and will present a slice of Kodagu. Virat said he had been to festivals in Delhi. G Nageshwari from Odissa will present sambalpuri and Odissi dance at the four-day event. Shakuntala A, deputy director, Women and Child Development, said that there were 30 teams from the state and 50 members team each of the Bal Bhavan societies from five taluks of the DK district.Divya Narayanappa, administrative officer, Bal Bhavan Society, Bangalore said the fest had moved out national capital for the first time.\"For the past 35 years, Delhi was the venue for the event. The objective to move out of the national capital is to bring out the hidden talents in children through four mediums - science, creative writing, creative performance and creative art (painting, collage etc),'' she said.Women and child welfare minister C C Patil said that the fest was provided Rs 69 lakh through Bal Bhavan and the state was giving Rs 25 lakh. \"We will supplement if there is a shortfall,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599716", "title": "B\u2019wood in sickbay", "text": "Tusshar Kapoor has been advised bed rest after being diagnosed with food poisoning while Rahul Rawail is recuperating after his eight day stay at the ICU in Lilavati HospitalBollywood seems to be a little under the weather. While Tusshar Kapoor is confined to bed due to food poisoning, filmmaker Rahul Rawail is recuperating after being in the ICU for eight days.Tusshar had to cancel going to Macau for a recent awards ceremony. The actor got up with a bad stomach on Friday. A source close to Tusshar informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Tusshar was feeling so weak that he was barely able to stand. A doctor had to be summoned immediately.\"The doctor advised Tusshar to cancel his trip. \"In fact, he immediately put him on a glucose drip. Tusshar was also given some strong medicines,\" added the source.When contacted yesterday afternoon, Tusshar said, \"Yes, I am down with food poisoning. It is terrible. Two days have passed but I am still not out of it. Pray for me so that I get well soon. Else I will have to cancel my film and photo shoots slated for this week.\"While Tusshar has been suffering at home, Rahul Rawail, the director of Betaab is just out of the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of Lilavati Hospital. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Rawail was rushed to the suburban hospital after he felt rather uneasy and giddy last week at a private party.When contacted, Dr Vinay Chauhan who was treating Rawail at Lilavati told Mumbai Mirror, \"Yes, Mr Rawail was under my treatment. I am not supposed to discuss the details of his problem. He has been discharged now. He is much better. He can even resume work now.\"Rahul Rawail, who is all set to direct Sunny Deol's Ghayal 2, refused to disclose the details of his health problem either. He simply said, \"Yes, I was in Lilavati. But I am fine now.\" That's all that matters.\" - With inputs from Lata Mishra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11595951", "title": "First train between Ajmer &amp; Pushkar today", "text": "AJMER: After a long wait and spending several crores, the first train between Ajmer and Pushkar will chug out on the newly constructed track on Monday. The 25.7 km line will be an added attraction to tourists who can now enjoy a journey via sand dunes and hills.After ten years of wait, the railways has decided to run the train from Monday which will be inaugurated by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi along with chief minister Ashok Gehlot . The two will travel in a special train between Ajmer and Pushkar.The railway ministry had approved a track between Aimer and Pushkar in 2002 but the construction was held for long as the forest department did not issue an NOC for passing through the desert and hilly region. \"The track was completed last year and a train was ran on it to check the speed. The railway security commission permitted us to use the track on 90 km per hour speed,\" said an official.The fare between Ajmer and Pushkar will be Rs 5 and it will take nearly 1.2 hours to reach the destination, having stoppage on Madar, Makarwali and Budha Pushkar. \"There will be ten bogies including eight general and the rest AC chair cars,\" said the official.\"The first train will start from Pushkar at 11.45 in the morning and will reach Ajmer around 1.05 in the afternoon. Besides railway minister, Union minister Sachin Pilot and other ministers are likely to participate in the programme. Gehlot will reach directly to Pushkar in his helicopter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11596542", "title": "When will parents learn? Asks Milagres de Chandor", "text": "Parents slog for the welfare of their children, but when the kids do as they please and are likely to leave parents to fend for themselves in their old age, what should parents do? Should they continue to toil for their children or save for their own welfare? Is it better offering a wreath of flowers to a departed soul or be like flowers to guardians during the latter's twilight years? These are questions Milagres de Chandor asks in 'Fulam' (flowers).Seaman Oswald Gonsalves (Milagres de Chandor) has worked hard for the welfare of his wife and children. He has satisfied his family financially, depriving himself of many joys and comforts. On his return, he expects things at home to be as per his expectations but is shocked to find that his uneducated wife Jasmine (Sunita) and his son Evlon (Eleuterio D'Costa) and daughter Alisha (Hazel) are not there to welcome him. When Jasmine does appear she informs her husband that the children have matured and are self-reliant.Oswald is aware of his wards' misdeeds and brings this to the notice of his wife but she is unwilling to accept Evlon and Alisha will deceive her. In a flash, Oswald pictures his grown-up children and sees them in bad company, a fact he feels which will ruin their future. When Evlon and Alisha return and greet their father, he objects to their relationship with Princy (Crostina) and Kimben (Max) respectively. Irrespective of their father's order, the son and daughter stick to their decisions as far as the relationships are concerned and go their own way.What does Oswald take as far as the share of property and wealth is concerned? Is he willing to share it with his children? What are the consequences? Will the children be able to make their future bright with their respective friends? What is the outcome? Who regrets and who is content with the decisions taken?Betty, Inas, Aston and Lourdin jam up to create a laughter riot among the audience. Some of the songs rendered by Marcus Vaz (Respet Sambhall), Hazel (Mog Mhonnlear), Betty (Adlim Bhurgim), Anthony Caiado (Vizmit) and Betty/Hazel/Crostina ( Anna Hazare ) are appealing.Milagres de Chandor has played his role to perfection as a father firm with his decisions, while his wife Sunita, as an illiterate, brings in laughter from the spectators with her 'Konklish' language. When parents today tend to favour their children by amassing wealth and property and saving it for the future of their wards, Milagres de Chandor's appeal to guardians to think and act otherwise comes as a rude awakening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596446", "title": "Parties to bank on Bollywood stars", "text": "LUCKNOW: The election fever is gripping the state. With UP going to assembly poll in February, political parties are looking up to Bollywood personalities to canvass for them. While some parties have already declared their lists of star campaigners, others are likely to submit their lists soon.Gaining the top slot is the newly floated Bundelkhand Congress. Actor-turned-politician and president of Bundelkhand Congress, Raja Bundela is also roping in local artistes from the region. A front-runner in terms of star appeal, the party has got consent from actors Anupam Kher, Nana Patekar and director Satish Kaushik.As per Bundela, character artistes like Rajpal Yadav, Govind Namdev and Raghuveer Yadav will also campaign for the party. Moreover, the presence of Deshraj Pateria, king of folk music, and Ram Kishore Yadav alias Mukhiya will create an emotional connect for the party.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will rope in only those Bollywood stars who are their party members. Rajya Sabha member Hema Malini, MP Shatrughan Sinha are among those who are actively involved in the politics. Besides, famous television star Smriti Irani, Suresh Oberoi and Vani Tripathi will also campaign for the party.TV actor Gajendra Chauhan (famous for his role in Mahabharat) will also be a part of the campaign. BJP spokesperson Vijay Pathak said, \"We already have many Bollywood stars in our party. So, we will not be inviting others from the Bollywood industry.'' Pathak added that besides Bollywood personalities, the party has Atal Bihari Vajpayee who will be with the party through his messages and speeches.For Congress, there are talks of roping in actors Raza Murad, Ravi Kishen and Nagma to campaign. Raj Babbar, being a party MP, will certainly do extensive canvassing for the party. A Kurmi caste oriented regional political party, Apna Dal, has initiated talks with Amisha Patel and Manoj Bajpai.\"The stars are yet to give their confirmation. If the two give their consent, we will look forward for some more stars,'' said Anupriya Patel, party's general secretary. Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party will be the only two parties which will be lacking in 'star power'.A SP member said, \"The party is strictly against Bollywood stars for campaigning. Our celebrities are party's president and other top position holders.'' The man was clearly hinting at party's young leader Akhilesh Yadav, Azam Khan, Shiv Pal Singh and first time candidate Abhishek Mishra.Earlier, the SP had a good deal of glamour quotient as it had either giving tickets to Bollywood stars or had used their star value for campaigning. In the last Lok Sabha election, Bollywood star Sanjay Dutt had campaigned extensively for SP candidates after he failed to contest election from Lucknow Lok Sabha seat.In 2007, megastar Amitabh Bachchan had done an advertisement in favour of SP government that carried the slogan - UP mein hai dum, jurm yahan hai kum.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11597148", "title": "Siblings\u2019 suicide pact goes awry: one dies", "text": "BANGALORE: An Assamese youth hanged himself from a tree near Binny Mills on Sunday morning, while his younger brother who sought to end his life as part of the jobless siblings' suicide pact, survived after slashing his wrists.Alert passersby noticed an unconscious Induson Chatia Phukan, 23, who was bleeding from his cut wrists in a grove while his brother, 27-year-old Santanu, was founding hanging from a nearby tree. The grove is in a railway property near Binny Mills, 1 km from Majestic and off Magadi Road.Induson was shifted to Victoria Hospital and his brother's body to the morgue of the same hospital.The brothers had crossed a railway track adjacent to Binny Mills around 7am and walked into the grove where they were found.Though no death note has been recovered, railway police suspect that failure in securing jobs might have pushed the two mechanical engineering diploma holders to take the extreme step.Induson has gained consciousness but is in a state of shock and not able to talk coherently, police said.The siblings' father, Chatia Phukan, who works with the Assam forest department in Guwahati, will be arriving in Bangalore on Monday.The siblings had come to the city on January 16 in search of jobs. ''They were staying in a lodge at Upparpet. It looks like they had run out of money. They had cancelled their return journey, scheduled for January 24,'' police officers said.Hotel employees said they didn't find anything strange about the siblings. ''They used to ask for many addresses like Bannerghatta Road, ITPL and Koramangala. They were soft-spoken,\" hotel employees told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595412", "title": "Crane chains snap, crush labourer", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person was killed when the iron chains of a crane hauling foundation pipes and iron girders snapped at a foot overbridge construction site in Adarsh Nagar in northwest Delhi on Sunday evening. Two persons were also injured.The deceased has been identified as Feroz Khan (20), who was working as a labourer at the site. The injured are Wakil and Shehnawaj, two labourers in their early 20s, police said.The incident took place around 5pm when the work for the day was coming to an end. Chaos prevailed as people tried to rescue Khan from underneath the girders, eyewitnesses said. \"Feroz was standing on a plywood platform where the foundation pipes were to be laid. When the chains snapped, the crane lost control of the pipes and they fell on his neck. For about 10 minutes, he was trapped between the iron pipes that had fallen on him and an erect one, and only fell on the ground once the crane was moved back,\" said Raj Kumar, an eyewitness.The two injured were also standing on the platform but were on either side of the crane, and narrowly escaped death. The workers somehow managed to rescue Khan after which the project engineer, with the help of others, took the injured persons to a nearby hospital in an auto, eyewitnesses said. Hospital sources said Khan died of severe head injuries and excessive bleeding. The injured are in hospital, police said.One of the eyewitnesses dialled 100 and informed the cops about the incident. \"We have questioned several persons and are investigating the case on priority. The body of the deceased has been sent for post-mortem after which it will be handed over to the family. We have registered a case of causing death by negligence under Section 304A of IPC against unknown persons and are probing to establish culpability,\" said a senior police officer.For all three, it was their first day at work in the capital. \"He (Khan) had come from Meerut on Saturday and joined work today. He had not even found his room. His family will reach late night,\" said Shesh Nath, a close friend who also joined work as a welder on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11596211", "title": "Attack on students condemned", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents and officials in the city unanimously condemned the attack on five Sudan nationals studying in SNR Sons College. They said the attack threatened the cosmopolitan fabric of the city and destroyed its image.\"When we strongly condemn the attack of Indians in Australia, how can we exhibit the same behaviour at home,\" said R Raveendran, honorary secretary, Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore. He said the incident was deplorable as the students hardly interfered with the lives of anyone. \"When they were just going about their business, they were attacked, with no provocation from the students,\" he said. The city is known for its friendly people, and this attack is a stain on its image, he said.Vice Chancellor of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, P Murugesa Boopathi, said that generally violent incidents happened mostly in arts and science colleges and not in professional institutions. \"In medical and engineering colleges, there is strict discipline. In TNAU, it is mandatory for all students to stay in the hostel,\" he said.Collector TN Hariharan said he had forwarded the complaint from the student community to the police for action. After the attack, students had met the collector and sought protection. They said they were attacked without any provocation. The collector had promised to take stern action against those who indulged in racial discrimination.\"An FIR has been registered and we are on the lookout for the two persons who attacked the students,\" said deputy commissioner of police Hema Karunagaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "gangtok", "code": "11597150", "title": "Stars pledge to help Sikkim recover from quake", "text": "GANGTOK: Bollywood actors Neha Dhupia and Rahul Bose on Sunday promised to help Sikkim recover from the effects of the devastating earthquake that rocked the mountain state in September 18 last year. The two actors were accompanied by popular Sikkimese singer Prakriti Giri, who vowed the audince of Zee TVs popular show called Chote Ustad.In Sikkim to attend a friendly football match between the Bhaichung Bhutia-led United Sikkim FC and a Super Soccer XI team, Dhupia said: \"I will definitely try to bring more Bollywood stars and other famous personalities to Sikkim to do some charity shows here that would help build confidence among tourists and instill the belief that they can come here again without any fear.\"She added that Sikkim is blessed with heavenly beauty and the friendly and warm nature of the people only adds to the charm of the state.Also present at the venue, Rahul Bose informed the audience that Sikkim is absolutely peaceful and has no reason to fear another earthquake. He said that this is his fourth trip to Sikkim and he likes the state for its beauty, nature and the people.\"I want to help the state recover from the massive destruction it endured in September. An auction has been planned at Mumbai on February 11 where five items belonging to Bhaichung Bhutia will be going under the hammer. The money raised will be used for the welfare and development of the state,\" Bose said.K S Topgay, information and public relations department secretary, said the state government has planned to organise various cultural programmes in Sikkim with a view to invite singers, dancers, sportpersons and intellectuals. He said such programmes woul help dispel any fear tourists have about the state. \"When renowned celebrities visit Sikkim, it tells people that they roo can visit this tiny state without any fear,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599768", "title": "Akshaye Khanna to show his film to Anna Hazare", "text": "Akshaye Khanna along with the team of 'Gali Gali Chor Hai' will be heading to Anna Hazare's hometown Ralegan Siddhi to showcase their film.Film stars usually have special screenings before their film's release for their industry friends. Akshaye Khanna is also having a special show of his upcoming film Gali Gali Chor Hai but for someone more significant. The man in question is social activist Anna Hazare.The team of Gali Gali Chor Hai including Akshaye Khanna, Shriya Saran, Mughda Godse and Satish Kaushik will be visiting Anna Hazare personally at his hometown Ralegan Siddhi and showing him their film. A person from the production unit confirms, \" Gali Gali Chor Hai is political satire about a common man's fight against corruption. So it makes sense to show it to Anna Hazare who has become the national face of a common man fighting corruption\". Anna Hazare recently gave his consent for watching the film and the screening will happen on Tuesday at Ralegan Siddhi.Interestingly Ralegan Siddhi is a small village without any cinema-halls so the movie's team shall be carrying projector and screens with them.In a similar instance, last year Ajay Devgn and director Rohit Shetty met Anna Hazare post the release of their blockbuster hit Singham . Even their film was about a common man's fight against a corrupt system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601716", "title": "Warne and Hurley address each other 'future wife','future husband'", "text": "Shane Warne and Elizabeth Hurley now address each other as future wife and future husband.Is the girlfriend-boyfriend stage over for former Aussie cricketer Shane Warne and English model and actress Elizabeth Hurley? Well, it does seem like! The two much-in-love couple has started addressing each other as \"future husband\" and \"future wife\". It was Hurley who first took the chance of calling Warne her future husband, when she posted, \"Very sorry @ warne888 and Stars lost their semi final. Sob\", followed by \"Rotten luck, future husband. Now have good luck in your poker tournament xxxx\" (sic). Warne later replied, saying \"...miss you future wife !!!!\"Warne and Hurley have been dating each other since her split with husband Arun Nayar , whom she had married in March 2007. Hurley filed for divorce in April last year citing Nayar's unreasonable behavior as the cause for separation. Prior to this, when she was romantically linked with Shane Wrane in December 2010, Hurley announced that she and Arun had separated several months earlier. The divorce, however, was granted in June last year. Ever since then, Warne and Hurley have been spotted together and have also opened up about their relationship. They had been seen indulging in some PDA at the IPL matches in Jaipur last year. Hurley reportedly also sports a large sapphire ring - an engagement ring with Warne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11595652", "title": "HC inquiry into illegal mining okay, says HDK", "text": "MANGALORE: Former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy on Sunday said he was fine with Karnataka high court's decision to probe into allegations related to illegal mining against him and SM Krishna, external affairs minister.\"There is specific reference to Sai Venkateshwara Minerals, Krishna and Dharam Singh in the report given by former Lokayukta N Santosh Hegde to the state government,\" he said while interacting with mediapersons on the sidelines of party workers' meet inKuppepadavu near Mangalore here on Sunday, Kumaraswamy said.\"There is no question of any gratification or criminal intent in the decision, and lapses, if any, are more administrative in nature. Such lapses do occur when one takes general administrative decisions. I will cooperate with any probe in this regard,\" he said.On impending by-elections to Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary constituency necessitated by resignation of DV Sadananda Gowda, Kumaraswamy said, \"The JD(S) will contest the by-elections on its own. The party leadership will meet shortly to finalize the candidate. No decision has been taken if the candidate would be one from coastal district of Udupi or from Chikmagalur district.\"Acknowledging that the JD(S) had a truck with the Left in the last general elections with regard to finalizing the candidate for the constituency, Kumaraswamy said, \"It was a decision taken at the national level when the Left parties along with other likeminded parties floated the Third Front and fought the elections.\"This time, it is the intent of the JD (S) to take both Congress and the BJP head-on and prove its strength in this part, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599441", "title": "Jay Leno's remark on Golden Temple upsets India", "text": "WASHINGTON, India has strongly \"objected\" to the remark on the Golden Temple by popular US television host Jay Leno, terming it \"quite unfortunate\".Leno, the host of the popular \" The Tonight Show \" on NBC channel, flashed a picture of the Golden Temple, the holiest Sikh shrine, in Amritsar on his programme and termed it as a possible summer home of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .The visiting NRI affairs minister Vayalar Ravi yesterday \"objected\" to the remark and said he has directed Indian Ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao to take up the matter with the State Department.\"It is quite unfortunate and quite objectionable that such a comment has been made after showing the...Golden temple,\" Ravi told a group of Indian reporters.\"Golden temple is Sikh community's most sacred place. Even our Prime Minister went there for praying in the New Year. I believe that the person who has shown is not that ignorant. The American Government should also look at this kind of thing,\" the NRI Affairs Minister said.\"I wish this kind of thing is not shown by any media in the US,\" Ravi said, adding that he has not seen the show personally and has heard about it from the Sikh community.\"Freedom does not mean hurt the sentiments of others... This is not acceptable to us and we take a very strong objection for such a display of an important place like Golden temple,\" Ravi said.\"The embassy is fully aware of it and they will take it up,\" he said.The comment on Leno's January 19 show has resulted in a outrage in the small but strong Sikh community here. They have launched an online petition against Leno and have started a Facebook page to express their anger against him.Jay Leno himself was not immediately available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11602161", "title": "Testing time for Class IX students", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: To dispel examination phobia, the Board of Secondary Education (BSE) is set to introduce eight standardized tests for Class IX students across the state from this year, contrary to the prevalent practice of just two examinations.BSE president professor Satyakam Mishra said students will appear for six unit tests besides the prevalent half-yearly and annual examinations. Students promoted to Class IX in April will face the changed examination system. From next year, both Class IX and Class X students will appear for similar tests, he added.Under the new syllabus, Class IX students will have to study 17 books instead of the current 14. There will be two books each for mathematics, science and social science. The board will make model questions available right at the beginning of the academic year, the BSE president said.Mishra said after the Right to Education (RTE) was implemented, students till Class VIII study in a very relaxed environment. Though they appear for examinations, they have no fear of failing since the policy ensures that all students are passed. However, when they enter Class IX, it is a stringent setting with tougher courses in three languages besides mathematics, science and social science. Hence they face the unaccustomed stress of examinations. \"To remove such fear, the government has decided to conduct six unit tests apart from the already prevalent two examinations,\" he said.The BSE president said the unit tests will give students, their parents and teachers a fair idea about the students' standard and provide scope for improving their areas of weakness. Students will be classified high or low achievers according to test results so they are coached and taught accordingly by teachers. Besides, the frequent examinations will ease the undue pressure of the annual examination by keeping them in constant touch with their lessons, Mishra said. Besides, students failing to take the annual examination for unavoidable circumstances can be considered for promotion to Class X on the basis of their performance in other examinations, he added.A quality assurance cell under the Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Mission, the Central government project for secondary education, will form the model questions for all schools and give funds for the examinations, Mshra informed. The board has also launched a helpline to provide assistance on telephone or email to clear doubts and confusion of students and teachers about the new pattern of examinations.Teachers and parents expressed a mixed reaction to the new initiative. Raghunath Sahu, general secretary, Orissa Secondary School Teachers Association said frequent examination is a good step. \"It will remove undue pressure for board examination in Class X. But the success of such an initiative will depend on how well the board is able to sustain it,\" Sahu said.\"Frequent examinations will give rise to intense academic competition, giving rise to more pressure on those who don't perform very well,\" said Gopal Barik, however, whose daughter is a Class VIII student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11597073", "title": "\u2018Crime situation grim in main industrial area\u2019", "text": "Nashik: Though the industrial areas in Nashik are the backbone of the city's economy, when it comes to providing civic facilities to them, both the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) as well as the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) seem to be turning a blind eye towards the issue. While a cook working the Ambad industrial area was killed on December 31, a watchman was killed at the Bhatewara Bhagar Mill in the Satpur industrial area during the Diwali festival, with miscreants fleeing with Rs 2 lakh in cash.Workers at the Satpur MIDC, which is spread over 600 hectares of land and comprises two thousand big and small industrial units divided into different NMC wards, say that apart from providing land and water, MIDC has no other responsibility towards the industries. On the other hand, they say, the role of corporators towards the industries is never defined. Hence, the industries have been demanding a separate representative in the NMC only for the industrial area. Milind Rajput, grievance sub-committee chairman of the Nashik industries and manufacturers' association (NIMA) said, \"There is a spurt in incidents of loots and burglaries between the 7th and 10th of every month, since most of the employees are given their salaries on the 7th of the month. Hooligans also loot young workers and snatch their watches, mobiles etc.He added that NIMA spends Rs 15,000 during Diwali, when the industrial area is closed for nearly a week, to provide vehicles for police patrols so that the safety of the workers and the companies is ensured. Nearly 30,000 employees work in the area, and to ensure their safety, industrialists have been demanding a separate police station for the area, given that the current station focuses more on the residential and commercial areas of Satpur, which are spread over large tracts of land.Locals claim that the corporation collects huge amounts of money in tax from the industrialists annually, but when it comes to providing civic facilities, it is negligent.No elected representative from the area has raised specific demands for the industries and their workers. Further, while there is a fire station at Satpur, it has been noticed that the NMC's fire department has to use to the firefighting services of MICO and Mahindra and Mahindra companies very often, said Rajput.Prakash Kale, a worker in the Satpur industrial area, said that the city bus service is badly needed in the Satpur area as well. \"Though I have a bike of my own, had there been adequate bus services round the clock in the MIDC areas, I would have used them. Most of the buses coming to the area are from Panchavati, when there are workers coming from Nashik Road, Jail Road, Sinnar, Deolali Camp, Bhagur and many other areas of the city. With the exception of one or two odd bus services, most of the times, workers from the area have to get down at the Central Bus Stand and take another bus to their areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596270", "title": "Cong to have tough time in keeping local units together", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party will have a tough time in keeping its units in several constituencies intact after tickets are announced to candidates by the end of this week.Congress is likely to face revolts in Mayem, Bicholim, Mandrem, St Cruz and Canacona constituencies.Aspirants for Congress tickets have begun lobbying in the national capital to convince the high command to consider the loyalty factor while selecting candidates.In Bicholim, the entry of former BJP MLA Rajesh Patnekar has upset Congressmen. Bicholim Congress block members have threatened to dissolve the block if a ticket is denied to former Congress candidate Naresh Sawal. Patnekar is likely to get the Congress ticket with blessings of health minister Vishwajit Rane.Speaking to TOI Sawal said, \"I am getting strong response from the people that I should contest the assembly election. If Congress party denies me a ticket then I will contest as an independent as per the wishes of the people.\"In Mayem, Congress workers are disappointed after the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) deputy mayor Rudresh Chodankar's name was being considered for Congress ticket in Mayem. Former Congress Mayem candidate Praveen Zantye, who had enjoyed the support of Vishwajit, is now left alone. Vishwajit is now backing Chodankar who is being endorsed by education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate.\"Six months ago Chodankar was in the BJP. I don't understand how he can be a candidate in Mayem. The Zantye family has always been loyal to Congress and our family reputation is untarnished. Now, the Congress party has to decided whether they want to give the ticket to a loyalist,\" said Zantye.In Mandrem, Congress leader Babi Bagkar is trying to convince the high command that Congress will lose the Madrem seat if former BJP MLA Dayanand Sopte is given the Congress ticket. Sopte had recently joined the Congress party. During 2007 election the Congress had promised Bagkar that he will be considered for the ticket in the 2012 election, but now Vishwajit is lobbying hard in Delhi to get the ticket for Sopte.After returning from Delhi, Bagkar said \"I am confident of getting the Congress ticket to contest from Mandrem.\"In St Cruz, Babush claiming the Congress ticket for himself has become a headache for seating Congress MLA Victoria Fernandes. This time Victoria wanted to handover the constituency to her son Rudolf Fernandes but Babush's claim has changed the political equations in St Cruz. Victoria, who was in Delhi a couple of days back, had tried to convince the Congress high command that she is fit and can contest the assembly election. Sources said that Rudolf has plans to contest as an independent in case his mother is denied a Congress ticket.In Canacona constituency, BJP MLA Vijay Pai Khot's efforts to join the Congress party and secure a ticket for himself has disappointed loyal Congressmen. Former Congress MLA Isidore Fernandes is also trying hard for a Congress ticket. Zilla panchayat member Dayanand Pagi said that last elections the Congress party had assured that Congress loyalist from Canacona will be considered for the party ticket.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602179", "title": "Actress Maanu got Humanitarian Award", "text": "Actress Maanu is excited. The actress has been awarded the Humanitarian Award by Kavithalaya, an NGO in Erode.Says the Kadhal Mannan actress, \"Kavithalaya is an organization that's involved in teaching dance and music to underprivileged children. They also help in aiding their education. They awarded me with the humanitarian of the year title because they felt I've been active in the social circuit. They thought that my contribution to the cultural circuit and active participation in several social activities deserved an award! Their students performed a dance-drama during the felicitation and I was touched by the affection they showered on me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11594873", "title": "NLU Dwarka winner at DU moot court", "text": "NEW DELHI: After an intense debate on a criminal corporate liability case, the team representing the National Law University from Dwarka bagged the first prize in the K K Luthra Memorial Moot Court Competition on Sunday.Organized by the Delhi University's Campus Law Centre, the competition in its 8th edition saw teams from National Law University, Dwarka, and Indian Law Society, Pune, adroitly argue in a criminal corporate liability case.While ILS, Pune, was declared the first runner-up, the title for the Best Speaker Team went to George Washington University Law School, US, out of the 62 participating teams.\"A solved case is selected and the teams are assessed by lawyers and judges,\" said J L Kaul, professor in charge of the Campus Law Centre. The final rounds were presided over by Justices Sanjiv Khanna, Hima Kohli and Manmohan Singh of the Delhi high court. Justice T S Thakur of the Supreme Court was the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11602100", "title": "Game over for Keonjhar franchisee in OPL II", "text": "KEONJHAR: Cricket lovers of Keonjhar district are a dejected lot these days as Kashvi Power Rangers, the only team from the district in the Orissa Premier League, (OPL) will not be participating in the tournament in season two. Kashvi Power Rangers was owned by Debabrat Behera, a Keonjhar-based businessman who bought the team for Rs 49 lakh, the second highest amount in the cash rich league.The franchisee owner said, \"We have withdrawn from OPL-II because the Orissa Cricket Association did not agree with our proposal to organize some matches in Keonjhar district. Besides, our business is going through a tough time owing to stoppage of mineral export. Hence, we decided to spend in development of cricket in the district rather than in the OPL,\" Behera added.OCA president Ashirbad Behera, however, denied the allegations. He told TOI over telephone, \"The Keonjhar franchisee has not put forward any condition such as making Keonjhar a venue. They have mentioned the cause of withdrawal as 'personal grounds'. The letter is with me.\"\"The OPL will feature seven teams this year. Owing to two IPL matches in Odisha, this year OPL-II will be held in June, in place of May,\" the OCA president added.Keonjhar residents, however, alleged the withdrawal of the team was a result of the ongoing vigilance probe into investments made by the various franchisee owners in the cash rich tournament. They also said promises made by the team owner for the development of cricket in the district, were not yet fulfilled.The franchisee had announced that its cricket academy in Bhubaneswar would be shifted to Keonjhar within a few months, and turf wicket cricket matches would start in Keonjhar. These plans have not seen the light of day, yet. In OPL-I, the Keonjhar team comprised players, coach and manager from outside the district, despite Keonjhar having many talented cricketers. Besides, the team was formed without consulting experts or veteran cricketers. These had also irked cricket lovers in the district.Janardan Das, the general secretary of the Keonjhar District Athletic Association, (DAA) said, \"In the first season of the OPL, most of the players were from outside the district. We will be happy if more local players participate.\"Sangram Pattanaik, a senior state-level umpire, said. \"They did not participate in OPL-1 to develop the game in Keonjhar. Rather, their only aim was to create an identity at the state capital. They withdrew the team when they failed to do so.\"Harihara Sahu, the vice presdient of DAA, Keonjhar, said, \"The team did not participate in the tournament with a sporting spirit. They were there for making profit. They withdrew as they did not make any.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596571", "title": "Patna University bid to introduce five-year courses", "text": "PATNA: With two of its premier technical institutions having already been detached, Patna University (PU) is facing a crisis of sorts so far as its academic expansion is concerned.Once, PU, the seventh oldest university of the Indian sub-continent, used to have academic jurisdiction over the institutions spread all over the states of Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa and even Nepal . But, with the passage of time, its jurisdiction was confined to just a few colleges and post-graduate departments located within the Patna Municipal Corporation area.In 2003, its constituent unit, the Bihar College of Engineering was upgraded as the National Institute of Technology (NIT) Patna by the Central government. Later, it was declared \"deemed university\" with PU losing all its control over this institution. Some time back, the Patna Medical College, which was academically affiliated to PU, was shifted to Aryabhat Knowledge University (AKU). Consequently, PU has lost its faculties of engineering and medicines.If the move of the state government succeeds, some more constituent colleges of PU namely, the College of Arts and Crafts, the Patna Law College, the Patna Training College and the Women's Training College, might be attached to AKU. All these institutions have been imparting teaching in professional courses for the last several decades under the academic and administrative control of PU.PU, on its own, has recently initiated a move for introducing five-year integrating teaching in different subjects leading to MA, MSc or MCom degree. Students would be admitted to these courses after Class XII and would be free to leave the course after passing the examination at the end of the third year (with graduation degree).If the plan materializes, Patna College and Patna Science College, or for that matter, all other colleges of PU, would lose their relevance. PU will then, assume the shape of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) or Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). Heads of some post-graduate departments of PU have welcomed the move and observed that there is no harm if the university is developed as a centre of excellence in post-graduate teaching and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11594785", "title": "Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's 115th birth anniversary to be celebrated with enthusiasm", "text": "VARANASI: To mark the 115th birth anniversary of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose on January 23, the Vishal Bharat Sansthan (VBS) organised an award ceremony and an international seminar on Bose at Tilak Auditorium, Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN), on Sunday. On the occasion as many as 10 persons were felicitated the organisation for their valuable contribution in their respective field of action.According to Rajeev Srivastava, founder of the organisation, the awards were named after Bose and comprised nine national and one international ones. According to him, social worker of South Korea and manager of Asian Bridge, Min Jung Oh, was given Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Peace Prize. Others in the list of awardees were Mohammad Moosa Azmi president of Asian Bridge for his contribution in promoting communal harmony, betterment of tribal people, dalit women and curbing violence against women in Philippines , Korea and India, along with many unknown faces like Vitthal Das of Chandauli district for rural development, boatman Virendra Nishad who works to save Ganga from pollution, Avadesh Dikshit working for RTI, Judith Keller for welfare of physically disabled children, Dr Amar Bahadur, Dr Amar Nath, Dr Amar Jyoti for higher education , along with Bhojpuri film actor Mahesh Raja for performing arts were awarded with Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose prize on Sunday.Around 25 research papers by historians and professors were also read. According to Prof Brijesh Kumar Srivastava of Banaras Hindu University (BHU), even Gandhi was influenced by the ideologies of Subhash Chandra Bose and his notion 'karo ya maro' was inspired from Bose.Dr Lala Azzola, social activists and archaeologist, along with Andriana Alakantara of New York University (NYU) opined that Bose's leadership would continue to inspire all and that it had become a need to adopt those leadership qualities for the whole world.Additional general manager of Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited (BHEL), Sanjay Sinha said Bose was a synonym for nation building, former information commissioner, Government of India, O P Kejriwal said \"Subhash Chandra Bose's teachings are very much required to slay the devil of corruption, poverty, illiteracy and terrorism.\"According to Srivastava, a separate award ceremony for children would also be held on Monday. Historian T K Basu, vice chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV) Prithvish Naag, Himanshu Upadhyay, Prof Guru Prasad Singh, Archana Bharatvanshi, Puja Bharatvanshi, Nazma, Nazneen and many children dressed in the outfits resembling Subhash Chandra Bose were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11595445", "title": "Male nurses corner health minister", "text": "Agitated over the government order that excluded male nurses from the government recruitment drive for jobs, nearly 200 male nurses cornered the minister of health for state Mahendra Hardia at his residence here on Sunday morning.Miffed with the government's biased decision, the nurses staged protest and raised anti-government slogans. They urged the minister to expedite the recruitment process and provide government jobs to male nurses. Surprisingly, state government had two years back ordered to recruit 2,000 nurses but male nurses were ignored. Later, they moved court for justice.Shailendra Verma, secretary, Madhya Pradesh Nurses Welfare Society informed ToI that after the male nurses were excluded from the recruitment order they approached the high court and now the matter is pending with the HC bench. \"As the case is on we are also urging the state government to take steps to address our demands.\"The nurses submitted a memorandum to the minister who assured the delegation to look into their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11595589", "title": "Houses under slum board alloted", "text": "MYSORE: District in-charge minister S A Ramdas allotted newly-constructed houses by the slum clearance board under JNNURM project in Mandakalli and Goruru villages here on Sunday morning. The 576 new houses were allotted through lottery system. Ramdas picked the chits and announced the numbers of houses and names of beneficiaries during the programme.Addressing the beneficiaries, Ramdas said CM D V Sadananda Gowda will formally hand over houses to the beneficiaries on the first week of March. He said beneficiaries are free to alter their houses but should not go beyond the allotted area.The minister said another 6,300 houses built under JNNURM project by the slum clearance board will be ready by the end of March. The cost of each house is Rs 1,80,000, of which the central government's share is 80%, state government's share is 10 and beneficiaries' share is 10%. He directed officials to hasten the works of 4,500 houses that will be allotted in first phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599812", "title": "I don't consider myself a good actor: Hrithik Roshan", "text": "A heartthrob of thousands girls and a fitness guru for many guys, Bollywood's hottest actor Hrithik Roshan sizzled on the stage in a mall in Ahmedabad.With his long tress and chiseled body, he made girls faint on the spot. He impressed the crowd as he danced a few steps of garba and then did a couple danced with an Amdavadi girl. \"\"I have been to Ahmedabad several times. It's always good to be here. Last time when I was here, people made me danced a lot. I hope to get the same kind of love all the time I come here,\"\" says the hunk. Hrithik was in Ahmedabad to promote Karan Johar's Agneepath.The actor was missing in action since sometime due to his slip disk issue. \"\"I was on bed for a month due to my injury. I got loads of cup cakes, chocolates and brownies as wishes and I enjoyed eating them to the core,\"\" he smiles.For someone who follows discipline thoroughly it wasn't easy for him to shoot with his injury. But Hrithik didn't stop. \"\"I did action scenes for five days and dance sequences for two days. But I wouldn't set this as an example for the rest, as I believe health comes first than anything else,\"\" he says.Talking about his character in the film, Hrithik says, \"\"Whatever character I have done so far, I had to live it in my life in some way or the other. I don't consider myself a good actor. I can't act and so I have to live that particular character in my real life and then exhibit it on screen. My character Vijay has struggled a lot and he fights for all the impossible in life - I can relate to Vijay to my younger days. During those days life looked impossible to me as my body tools were broken and I didn't know what best I could do with my life.\"\"It is said that his character is similar to Vijay Deenanth Chauhan that was earlier played by Amitabh Bachchan . So did he take any tips from Big B? \"\"I haven't taken any tips from him. I am not Vijay Deenanth Chauhan in the film. I am only Vijay,\"\" he clarifies.Today remaking a film is in vogue. But most of them haven't worked. \"\"It can't be said that remakes have flopped. Earlier people said that superhero films don't work in India but my film Krrish did work. So I don't think we should generalize films. If a film is good, it will work, no matter what,\"\" he avers.The tall and handsome actor is again sharing screen with the sizzling hot Priyanka Chopra . \"It is always fabulous working with Priyanka. She is a complete live wire and positive person. We have worked several times in the past and she has changed a lot over the years. She has now become a spontaneous actor,\" he says.The 'Greek God' recently won the tag of the Sexiest Asian Man in the World for 2011. \"Nobody is born sexy. We all are the same. What looks sexy for others is just like a reflection of immense potential. We all can achieve our goals and look sexy if we put in our best efforts,\" says the humble actor.Recently, Hrithik quit smoking and he wants to advice the entire world to quit it. \" It's not difficult to quit smoking. If you want to do it and don't know how to do it, get help from someone. In my case, a book helped me - Easy Ways to Stop Smoking,\" shares Hrithik. Ask him if he learns new things everyday, Hrithik says, \"\"The world helps you to keep evolving and hope it's for better. You have to rise above all the tragedies in life. You have to grow and if you stop growing, you are old.\"We all agree to that, Hrithik!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595344", "title": "Ex-MLCs earn free RTC ride", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former Members of the Legislative Council (MLCs) and their spouses can henceforth travel free of charge in APSRTC buses.A decision to this effect was taken by the transport department following a representation from the AP Former Legislators' Forum. In an order issued on Saturday, principal secretary (transport department) L Lakshmi Parthasarathy said that the government had decided to extend the free travel facility to an attendant or spouse of an ex-MLC. The cost of this scheme would be split evenly between the state and APSRTC.The provision of free bus travel was initially extended only to sitting MLAs. But in February 2011, the facility was extended to former MLAs as well. Now, it has been extended to ex-MLCs and their spouses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11595616", "title": "Syndicate divided over punishing prof", "text": "MYSORE: Though the UoM Syndicate has resolved to punish zoology professor Shivabasavaiah involved in the alleged sexual harassment case, a section of the Syndicate has expressed their opposition to the decision.According to sources, the special meeting of the Syndicate was convened on Saturday at the behest of the state government which had directed UoM to take a decision on the issue. The Syndicate had a marathon discussion over the quantum of punishment to be delivered to Shivabasavaiah. The special meeting was a closely guarded secret.The Women Harassment Complaint Committee has recommended severe punishment for Shivabasavaiah.A source, told the The Times Of India that five of the teacher-members suggested that the VC, who presided over the meeting, 'dismiss' Shivabasavaiah from service and withdraw all retirement benefits.But the only two women members were of the view that the professor be pardoned. \"They questioned Saritha's stand and her approaching the media,\" the source pointed out, adding that Saritha in her battle for justice had tarnished UoM's reputation.The VC was forced to refer the matter to legal experts following vehement opposition to a mild punishment for Shivabasavaiah.What has surprised many academicians in the university is that women themselves have expressed their reservations against punishing Shivabasavaiah. Last March, Saritha had accused her research guide, Shivabasavaiah, of sexually harassing her and complained to the VC. When the university failed to take action, she allegedly attempted suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11595496", "title": "IIT-I: Industry keen on campus recruitment", "text": "INDORE: The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Indore which started operations from July 2009, is gearing up for the first campus recruitment in its premises. The campus interview is likely to take place in December.The institute received a good response from the industry during the two-day long Industry-Academia conclave, which began in Indore on Saturday. Representatives hailing from a number of industries are attending the summit that include Microsoft, TCS, IBM , Eicher, Impetus and Xilinx.Talking to ToI on the sidelines of the event, Arun David, vice president, human resources, manufacturing operations &amp; technology organisation, Volvo Eicher Commercial Vehicle, said, \"Industry and academia have collaborated to understand each other's need and come to a common ground to give it back to the society.I am of the firm belief that this initiative was timely as it will help bridge the gap between the demand and supply for the skilled manpower in the state. Again, I do believe that the things are looking up and improving in the state now. We do get students from educational institutions in the state like internship industrial training\".Currently, there are 120 students at IIT, Indore and the first batch of pass-outs was likely to come out next year.Pradeep Mathur, director, IIT, Indore, said that our students have already completed three years of education here and first campus recruitment was likely to take place in December.The conclave aims at encouraging the exchange of productive ideas and perspectives, thereby, creating a strong linkage with the industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chengelpet", "code": "11596267", "title": "Railway man spots crack on track, averts tragedy", "text": "CHENGELPET: At the crack of dawn on Sunday, a railway keyman was on his job -- walking on the tracks to make sure that all is well on his beat. Holding a lamp in one hand and a sledgehammer in the other to slam in any lose clamps, the keyman trekked through the tracks. As he reached Samiyar Gate near Maraimalai Nagar station he spotted a crack on a rail.It was his second in a month. He had spotted a fissure earlier around 100 metres from the present crack. So he was aware of what he had to do - get the news across to the nearest station. He ran to Maraimalai Nagar station, around 250 metres away.It was 5.30am on the railway clock when the keyman alerted the station master about the crack. And Nellai Express, which shuttles between Chennai and Tirunelveli, was scheduled to chug into the station in 15 minutes, crossing the cracked-up rail. The station master speed-dialled the preceding Singaperumal Koil station and halted the train. As an add-on precautionary measure, the keyman collected a fusee, a type of flare that burns with a bright red light to warn drivers, and tied it to a railway pole in the path of the approaching train.\"The timely alert by the keyman has saved the lives of thousands travelling in the Nellai Express,\" a railway official at Maraimalai Nagar station said.A team of workers patched up the crack with a steel rod to ensure that the fissure does not widen further. It was a quick-fix solution to prevent the hold-up during morning rush hour. However, all passing trains were told to slow down to 30km per hour.The officials plan to weld together the crack when the traffic dries up at night. \"The intervals between trains are longer at night and it will give us more time to repair. A steel piece should be wielded between broken portions of the track,\" said a railway official.An official blamed the crack on snappy weather. \"Change in weather is the major reason for the crack,\" said an official.Finally, Nellai Express chugged out of the Singaperumal Koil station at 6.30am. Four suburban trains running between Chennai Beach and Chengelpet and Kancheepuram were also delayed by over an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11601362", "title": "Films, new trailers for books", "text": "JAIPUR: It's no doubt galling for an author to hear someone say this of his or her original work: 'Oh, so they've come out with the 'book version' of the film already!\" This is no chicken and egg conundrum (for most), because everyone knows it is often the book that precedes the film, but what's the transition like for an author, and a director? It's what Richard Flanagan, Tom Stoppard , Lionel Shriver and Vishal Bharadwaj chatted about in the session on literary adaptations.Lionel Shriver, whose troubling novel, 'We Need to Talk about Kevin' was adapted into a critically acclaimed film, says she lucked out. The book is about a mother's psychological response to the news of her teenage son going on a killing spree in his school. \"I'm a wordy motherfucker,\" she said, \"And the book is highly verbal; it's chockfull of dialogue, and in the film people are hardly saying anything. I was horrified when I saw an early version of the script. But the director ( Lynne Ramsay ) has successfully translated the visual imagery of the book. The film has been for me an important lesson in non-language language.\"A film that was slavishly obedient to a good book did not necessarily become a good film. Flanagan, who, contrary to the current, adapted his original screenplay into a novel, and later 'adapted' Baz Luhrmann's dream into the screenplay for the film Australia, said, \"I've realized the least useful thing for a film is to show fidelity to the original text.\" It's a philosophy well understood by Bharadwaj. In his adaptation, Shakespeare's three witches (in Macbeth), when put through the grinders came out as two corrupt rural police officers. \"It was because I was ignorant of Shakespeare that I took liberties with his work. I changed Lady Macbeth from the wife to the mistress. But it was on the festival circuit, when I'd encountered praise and questions about my adaptations that I realized what I had done. It scared me from making a third adaptation.\"Stoppard, a playwriting Colossal, says he is an adapter in two senses - he adapts others' novels into screenplays, and 'translates' plays in other languages like Hungarian, Russian and German, into English. In 1990, Stoppard directed his own play Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead into a film by the same name. \"I realized I was the only person who could add or subtract from the original play without any anxiety,\" he said, signaling an area of concern for the author whose original works are often halved in the film version. \"When a work is adapted and half of it is left out, it worries the author that that part wasn't necessary,\" joked Flanagan.Then there was that commercial question: does the film accelerate book sales? Shriver said hers did sell more copies after the film. \"It has given the book a second life. I was almost afraid the film would descend and zap the book out of existence, but I realized the film does not replace the book. Both co-exist. You could say, the film is the trailer for the book.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596527", "title": "Hospital makes nurse pay for treatment after mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: Charity does not seem to begin at home for Kokilaben Ambani Hospital that has made one of its nurses pay for her treatment after she had an accident on her way to work.With the nurse not yet a confirmed employee of the hospital, the officials may be well within their rights to have charged her, but some feel the institute could have helped her on humanitarian grounds.Staff nurse Lagi Varghese (21) was on her way to work on Thursday morning when a two-wheeler hit her near Kapaswadi in Andheri and fled. Passersby took Lagi to civic-run Cooper Hospital where they found that she was a nurse at Kokilaben hospital. Lagi's friends brought her to Kokilaben. Besides inuring her head, she has also sustained knee and pelvic bone fractures.After she was brought to the hospital, where she has been working for three months, Lagi was asked to pay Rs 8,000 for admission. As there was no bed available in the general ward, she was put in a twin-sharing room. The sole earning member of her family, Lagi is now more worried about her medical expenses than her recovery. A colleague told TOI that Lagi might have to go for a surgery. \"She may have to pay for that too. Doctors said she would take at least a year to get back on her feet,\" the colleague added.When TOI spoke to Lagi, she said, \"I am in lot of pain but I cannot afford an operation here.\" Lagi has a personal insurance policy of Rs 1 lakh. \"I asked the hospital to consider my case but they said my personal insurance should take care of the bills,\" she said.Another nurse said as Lagi was in her probation period, she might not be eligible for medical benefits. \"The hospital rule says after completion of six months, nurses will have to take an exam and only after they clear it will their services be confirmed,\" said the nurse. \"But, staffers do expect some sympathy during emergency.\"The COO of the hospital, Dr Ram Narain said, \"We consider temporary employees on case-to-case basis. We will look into her problem as well.\"President of All India Nurses Association Dr A Mathai, who visited Lagi on Sunday, said, \"It's unfair that a nurse having met with an accident on her way to work has to pay for her medical expenses to the hospital where she works.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596089", "title": "Number of voters in city up by eight lakh in five years", "text": "PUNE: The number of voters in the city is expected to increase by close to 8.25 lakh voters since the last municipal elections in 2007. The final voter list for the February 16 elections will be published on Monday.Officials working with the election department said that the final list is expected to comprise 26.75 lakh voters. According to the Pune Municipal Corporation's data, the final voter list released in January 2007 comprised over 18.51 lakh voters, which included 9,67,473 males and 8,83,917 females.\"The exact figure for the 2012 elections will be out on Monday. But there has been a major increase in voters. Various drives taken to increase the number of voters by government offices, PMC authorities, the election office, NGOs and other citizens' groups have helped. Awareness about the right to vote has increased. Youngsters have registered their names in large numbers,\" Pravin Ashtikar, election officer of the PMC, told TOI.Ashtikar said, at present, 26.75 lakh people are expected to have registered for voting. The final figure might change a bit on Monday. Voters have been divided into 76 panels, making the average panel strength 35,000 voters. On an average, there are around 17,000 voters per ward. \"The picture of number of voters in all the wards will be clear after the final figures are out,\" Ashtikar said, adding that the precise number of male and female voters will also be available in the final list.The list was drawn up using the voter lists of the nine assembly constituencies. Names of voters from parts of assembly constituencies that do not fall within the PMC limits have been deleted. The lists were bifurcated according to the wards in the city and were further modified according to the panel format.The draft voter list was made public on January 12, in line with the time-table set by the state election commission. Suggestions and objections were sought till January 17. A total of 2,866 suggestions and objections were raised on the draft list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11603138", "title": "13/7 Mumbai blasts case cracked, 2 from Bihar arrested: ATS", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra ATS on Monday claimed to have made a major breakthrough in the July 13 triple blasts in the city last year that claimed 27 lives, with the arrest of two of the accused hailing from Bihar.Naqi Ahmed Wasi Ahmed Sheikh (22) and Nadeem Akhtar Ashfaq Sheikh (23) were arrested on January 12 but the mastermind of the crime Yasin Bhatkal, a top Indian Mujahideen operative, and the planters of the IEDs used in the blasts are still evading arrest, Anti-Terrorism Squad chief Rakesh Maria told reporters.Maria said while Naqi came to Mumbai in September 2010, Nadeem, his co-villager, from Bihar's Darbhanga district, was living in Antop Hill area of the city.Naqi, according to Maria, came in touch with Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal alias Imran in 2008.He said Nadeem was called to Delhi by Bhatkal and handed over a cloth packet containing the explosive and detonators used in the blast that was handed over to Naqi.Naqi, he said, was given Rs 1.5 lakh by Bhatkal as commission for the crime in which at least Rs 10 lakh, received through hawala channels, was used. He said Naqi and Nadeem had stolen two Activa scooters that were used for carrying out the explosions. Two motorcycles also stolen by them and kept for future use have also been recovered from Bihar.Rubbishing media reports that Naqi was innocent and that he was being tortured in police custody, Maria said he was aware of Bhatkal antecedents.Naqi not only assisted Bhatkal in scouting for an apartment in Habib Building in Byculla but also paid the money for accommodation, the ATS chief said.Maria said while Bhatkal and two others, who had planted the explosives and whose names he refused to divulge lest it would hamper investigations, were eluding the police dragnet, another accused in the case--Haroon Rashid Naik--had already been arrested by ATS in a counterfeit currency case.Naik, he said, had been arrested in August last year and ATS would on Monday seek a transfer warrant for him from the court. \"We need the custody of Naik from Mumbra for investigation of economic trail and conspiracy in the case,\" he said.Maria trashed media reports that Bhatkal was in the city for several months after the blasts and that he was to visit the landlady of the Byculla apartment when he got the whiff of impending action by Mumbai police due to lack of coordination between Delhi police's special cell and Maharashtra ATS and escaped.\"Bhatkal was in the city in June and for some time in July. He left on July 13 and did not come back,\" he said.The ATS chief said several articles including computer and clothes of the inmates of the Byculla room have been seized for forensic examination. \"We have asked for a forensic analysis of the room as we believe that the IEDs used for the blasts were assembled in the room,\" he said.Maria said 40 officers and over 100 men of the ATS had visited 18 states as part of the ongoing investigation and examined 12,373 witnesses.The ATS chief also junked reports about any tiff or lack of coordination with Delhi police in carrying out the probe, saying investigators from Mumbai were getting all cooperation from their Delhi counterparts.\"Competition is good and it should be there. Which police will not want to crack the case, but there is no rivalry,\" he said.Maria said he would have liked to go to the media only after wrapping up the investigation but decided to hold the press conference owing to \"speculative reporting and rumour mongering\".Meanwhile, the police produced Naqi and Nadeem before a Mumbai court which granted their custody to ATS till February 2 (rpt February 2).Terror had struck Mumbai on July 13, 2011 when three near simultaneous blasts ripped through crowded areas in the city in a grim reminder of the deadly 2008 Mumbai attack.All the explosions were triggered by Improvised Explosive Devices(IED).The first explosion rocked Zaveri Bazar, a bustling jewellery market, at 6.50 pm and a minute later another blast shook the busy business area Opera House. A third blast ripped through crowded Dadar area in Central Mumbai at 7.04 pm. The blasts at Opera House and Zaveri Bazaar were of a higher intensity than the one at Dadar.Though no group claimed responsibility for the blasts, Mumbai police all along suspected the hand of home-grown terror outfit Indian Mujahideen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11597489", "title": "For netas, victory is in their stars", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the election dates closing in, the netas are leaving no stone unturned to get the voters on their side. To this end, seeking divine blessings has become quite necessary. To add to the effect, candidates are willing to consult even astrologers and 'tantriks', just to ensure victory in the elections to be held on February 15.The astrologers have been flooded with queries for auspicious timings for each and every step of the poll process. To begin with, the candidates wish to know the auspicious date for filing their nominations (scheduled between January 21 and 28).Some of the candidates are ready to even observe elaborate rituals before filing of nomination, as suggested by astrologers, and they are also taking suggestions on the schedule for campaigning. Noted astrologer, A K Mishra said, \"The candidates who have approached me generally wish to know the auspicious time for filing of nomination papers or their chances of winning the election. I check their 'janm kundali' (astrological birth chart) and make suggestions.\"Voters awareness campaign: If you love your nation then prove it by casting your vote on January 15. It is rightly said by the wise that bad leaders are elected by good citizens who do not vote. Such and other opinions were expressed by the principals of Ishwar Sharan Degree College, Prayag Mahila Vidyapeeth and Jagat Taran Degree College. The occasion was a Voters Awareness campaign organised by the Directorate of Field Publicity, Allahabad.Field publicity officer, M U Khan, apprised the gathering that city North constituency had witnessed a very low vote percentage of 24 per cent in the last elections.He further informed that the Election Commission has allowed the voters to use their conveyance on polling day to cast their votes.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595253", "title": "200 GHMC staffers face corruption charges", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 200 employees of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) are under investigation by either the vigilance and enforcement (V&E;) department or Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), making the civic body second only to the revenue office on the dubious list of corrupt departments.While 160 employees are implicated in 110 cases being probed by V&E;, another 40 officials have been booked by ACB in 37 cases. As to the group being investigated by ACB, the employees here were either caught red-handed by bureau personnel while accepting bribes or booked for possession of assets disproportionate to their known sources of income.Incidentally, most employees placed under suspension after being busted by the ACB or for facing charges in vigilance cases, are now working with the civic body after their suspensions were revoked. About 50 cases have been booked by V&E; and ACB in the last four years following the creation of GHMC.Sources said another 40 cases were under preliminary investigation by V&E;, the GHMC's vigilance wing or by the state government but charges were yet to be framed. \"In about 40 cases, inquiry was ordered by higher authorities or it was an instance of suo motu cases being taken up by the departments. They have asked the corporation for information,\" an additional commissioner with GHMC said.Most vigilance cases pertain to the clearing of illegal constructions, violation of zonal regulations, deviation from sanctioned plans, allowing of construction on government land, open spaces and park area (issuing building permissions). The other cases deal with non-collection of property tax, irregularities in the levy and collection of property tax, engineering works like repair works undertaken at Hari Hara Kala Bhavan in Secunderabad, violations and irregularities in advertisement tax and trade licences.As regards ACB, most cases have been slapped on staff belonging to tax and engineering wings. An executive engineer, G Chinna Reddy of Circle 8, was caught red-handed by ACB sleuths while accepting a bribe of Rs 1.50 lakh last year in June.In some cases, according to sources, the V&E; has completed inquiry and recommended action against officers but no action has been taken by the state government. For instance, V&E; had submitted a report on an unauthorised housing complex and the laying of a cement road by municipal authorities to favour a real estate firm in Serlingampally but delay caused for the appointment of another inquiry committee has held up any action.\"In many cases, especially vigilance cases, the officials are going scot-free either with minor punishment, like censure or holding back of increment or charges droppedby the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department on the instructions of the minister concerned or the chief minister,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595387", "title": "Drug \u2018queen\u2019 ruled multi-crore empire", "text": "NEW DELHI: She had charisma, loads of ill-gotten money and land worth crores. And she lorded over a multi-crore drug empire, which she single-handedly built. What helped were her excellent sources in the police force spread across three states and her uncanny knowledge of the Delhi-UP topography till Bareilly. But Kusum (40) finally walked into a police trap last week.The special unit of the crime branch led by additional DCP Joy Tirkey arrested her from Sultanpuri in Outer district and also seized at least 500gm of heroin worth Rs 50 lakh in the open market. The police have also unearthed an elaborate drug manufacturing unit deep inside her village in Bareilly. Opium would be bought from Orissa-based Maoists, processed into heroin and pumped into the capital's drug circuit.\"Earlier, we nabbed Kusum's gang members, but she managed to give the slip. This time round, we have arrested her on a specific tip-off,'' said Tirkey.\"Kusum was subjected to intensive interrogation and we found that she was buying heroin from one Ashraq in Bareilly. We raided his hideouts in UP but he managed to wriggle out. We have now decided to reward anyone who can inform us about Ashraq,\" said DCP (crime) Ashok Chand.Police sources said Kusum preferred to operate across her several hideouts in northwest Delhi. She owns several properties across the city, mostly in semi-rural areas like Mongolpuri, Sultanpuri and Paschim Vihar, where her men keep strict vigil on any impeding police raid. \"We might attach her property,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595791", "title": "Five new judges to take oath today: CJ Shah", "text": "NAGPUR: In some good news for the Bombay High Court, which is facing problems of vacancy of judges besides high pendency of cases, five new judges would be joining from Monday. Their oathtaking ceremony is scheduled at 5.15pm on the premises of the Bombay high court.Chief justice Mohit Shah during his visit to the city confirmed the development to TOI, stating that it would help in filing up the vacancies. The judiciary is already battling with problems of vacancies of judges where, out of total 895 sanctioned posts in Supreme Court and 21 HCs across India, 285 were vacant till September 21 last year.The largest number of vacancy is in India's biggest high court at Allahabad where as many as 99 posts out of 160 are vacant. It is followed by Punjab and Haryana HC with 25 vacancies against 68 seats and Gujarat HC with 18 vacancies against 42 posts. TOI on November 29 had published a detailed report citing statistics obtained under RTI obtained by Delhi-based activist Subhash Agrawal.Among the new judges, three are from Mumbai, two from Aurangabad and none from Nagpur bench. These five were part of six new judges appointed by President Pratibha Patil.They would be posted at Bombay HC while Aparesh Kumar Singh would join ranks of Jharkhand HC.Those who will be sworn in are Manoj Sankleacha and Ramesh Dhanuka from Mumbai, Sunil Deshmukh and Sadhana Jadhav from Aurangabad and Nitin Jamdar from Mumbai/Solapur. All of these additional judges would have tenure of two years.Justice Shah said that with these, the total strength of Bombay HC would rise to 62. The total strength of Bombay HC is 75. However, Bombay HC judges including justices DK Deshmukh, PB Majmudar and JP Devdhar are going to retire soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11596434", "title": "Annual Day: Indian Institute of Materials Management", "text": "Indian Institute of Materials Management (IIMM), Chandigarh, celebrated its 27th Annual Day at CII, Chandigarh, on Sunday. IIMM , is a charter member IFPSM - a professional body of materials management professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11602227", "title": "18 doctors caught cheating during PG exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Eighteen doctors were caught using unfair means during post graduate medical entrance examination here on Sunday.\"While 16 doctors were caught using mobile phones, two were involved in unfair cross talks during the examination. All of them were debarred from appearing for the test,\" said director, medical education and training (DMET), Dr P K Das. The PG selection committee will take a decision on whether to allow these medicos to appear for the PG exam in future, he added.Sources said the PG selection committee held the entrance for around 200 seats of master of surgery (MS), master of medicine (MD) and master of dental surgery (MDS) for the three government-run medical colleges of Odisha on Sunday. There were 1,610 applicants, holding MBBS or BDS degrees, for the sought after courses, reserved 50% for in-service doctors.A two-member squad, comprising the DMET and joint director, medical education and training, Dr Sitaram Mahapatra, inspected around 25 examination halls at Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) and detected the malpractices. At least four of those caught were government servants.\"There was strict prior instruction to the candidates for zero-tolerance towards use of electronic gadgets or any other unfair means. Unfortunately, some students violated the rules,\" said Mahapatra. He said the authorities had done prior frisking and also told the doctors not to bring mobile phones or any other such enabling gadget inside the hall. But some of them still managed to take those inside. Sixteen mobile handsets were seized. The authorities would return the handsets after the doctors sign an undertaking that those were seized and they were taking those back, he added.The mode of examination with multiple choice questions is such that mere talks can influence results and deprive a deserving candidate from getting selected, Mahapatra said. MKCG Medical College, Berhampur, convened the annual examination this year. The 3.5 hours duration test was being held between 10 am to 1.30 pm at OUAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11603048", "title": "Dad gets life term for raping daughter", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 43-year-old man has been sentenced to life imprisonment for raping his minor daughter for over three years with the court terming his offence as \"too heinous\" and \"committed in total disregard to moral and social values.\"Additional sessions judge Anju Bajaj Chandna also imposed a fine of Rs 30,000 on convict Tek Bahadur against whom his teenaged daughter herself had lodged the FIR last March.\"The offence committed by the convict is more serious in manner that he did not even spare his own daughter. Instead of protecting the prosecutrix being the biological father, the convict in total disregard to moral and social values went on ruining her life by committing immoral act of highest order.\"It is evident that convict treated prosecutrix only as an object to fulfill his sexual desires. The offence committed by convict is too heinous and, therefore, he does not deserve any leniency,\" the judge said.The court sentenced Bahadur to life imprisonment and fine of Rs 25,000 for the offence under section 376 (rape) and jail for five years and fine of Rs 5,000 for the offence under section 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC. The court said both sentences would run concurrently.The girl had, on March 21, last year, informed the police that her father has been committing rape on her repeatedly for about two to three years.She said her father raped her under the influence of liquor and alleged he \"assaulted and threatened\" her not to reveal the incident to anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597361", "title": "Weekend rush leads to jostling at safari", "text": "Chaos prevailed at Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP) on Sunday as there was a sudden surge in the number of people wanting to take a safari ride to see wild animals in their natural habitat.Hundreds of visitors turned impatient while waiting for their turn even as the authorities, not to speak of the infrastructure, proved inefficient in rising to the occasion.BBP authorities put the number of visitors at nearly 5,000.There are 20 buses to take visitors on a 45-minute safari ride. Each bus makes an approximate eight trips on a crowded day. Each ride accommodates 30 visitors.On Sunday, the number of visitors swelled and people had to wait for the vehicles for a long time. There was a lot of jostling as unruly crowds sought to elbow their way into the buses. Several women with children in their arms went through anxious moments in the melee.\"We have been waiting for the past two hours to get into the bus. Officials are rude to us. They shout at us if we seek any information,'' said Ranjana Jha, who had gone to visit the park with her sister.Outsiders also cribbed about locals wielding the language card with officials to gain preferential treatment.BBP authorities said people are expected to wait for their turn according to the issued ticket numbers but that seldom happens as they want to get into the bus at the earliest.\"Given the bus count, the waiting period for anybody is never more than 15 minutes,\" claimed BBP executive director R Raju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11597807", "title": "On election duty, municipal corporation officials neglect city", "text": "LUDHIANA: With MC officials on election duty, the city's civic development has been left to ransom, leaving residents fuming and disappointed.The new development works are not being started due to imposition of the election code of conduct and the MC officials have stopped completing even the existing ones.The project of garbage lifting from various dumps is moving at snail's pace and the expansion of city bus service is also in doldrums.The Ferozegandhi market has turned into a messy place and illegal parking of vehicles has increased the problems of commuters and visitors in the market.It was after the Punjab and Haryana high court's directions that MC authorities had made a fire lane in the market for easy movement of fire tenders in case of any mishappening. But since MC officials are not paying attention towards the irregularities, illegal parking has covered the fire lane that has resulted in traffic woes.Residents, however, opine that even if officers cannot start fresh development works, they can at least speed up existing works.\"Parking has become a major problem in Ferozegandhi market due to lack of regularity and absence of any strictness, said colonel Harjap Singh, a trader and resident of Sarabha Nagar. He rued nobody was taking the problem seriously.Condemning the situation , a businessman and resident of Model Town, Charanjit Singh said, \"Election duty was important but authorities should at least do their routine works. They are easily shirking away from their responsibility.\"MC commissioner M S Jaggi admitted to shortage of staff but assured, \"We would definitely regulate things but most of the employees are on election duty, so it has become difficult to do the same. We cannot expand city bus service because we need more drivers and conductors whom we cannot appoint right now. For garbage mess, the private company is doing its work and soon, they would cover the entire city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11603241", "title": "Jaipur Literature Festival: Salman Rushdie row match-fixing by IB and jehadis, accuses BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dubbing the controversy surrounding controversial author Salman Rushdie as a case of \"match-fixing\" between intelligence agencies and \"jehadis\", BJP on Monday accused the Congress of using it to gain political mileage in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh.\"It is a clear case of match-fixing between intelligence agencies and jehadis in which the Congress government of Rajasthan played a supportive and active role,\" BJP chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters here.He said the Rajasthan government has not denied statements of Rushdie and the sponsors of the Jaipur Literature Festival about intelligence inputs that \"paid assassins\" from Mumbai could target him.\"But at the same time DGP of Maharashtra has gone on record to say that they had not provided any input to Rajasthan in this regard.Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot insisted that his government had received six messages from IB on the threat.Prasad said keeping in mind the entire background, \"it is necessary to know who is speaking the truth.\"If, as claimed by Gehlot that top intelligence officials were aware of the input, then why was the Maharashtra police not alerted about it so that they could take preemptive steps.He said the entire episode had put a question mark on the credibility and integrity of the intelligence agency.Prasad demanded a probe into the matter to find out \"who was speaking the truth\" and said since intelligence agencies report to the Prime Minister, he should take note of it.He said the UPA government's decision to provide 4.5 per cent sub-quota to minorities from the 27 per cent quota for OBCs and promise to double it to 9 per cent would hurt the interests of backwards.\"Congress has deliberately communalised UP polls. (Congress general secretary) Digvijaya Singh has termed the Batla House encounter as fake and Congess president Sonia Gandhi and party leader Rahul Gandhi have maintained silence on it,\" the Rajya Sabha MP said.He said Rushdie had been in India on several occasions in the past but there were no protests and questioned the timing of the present controversy ahead of assembly elections in five states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594648", "title": "Students of CN Vidyalaya walk down memory lane", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Emotions ran high as nostalgia swept through the campus of CN Vidyalaya on Sunday. The alumni of institute's 1962 batch were on a visit to their alma mater to meet their batch-mates and teachers after 50 years.Around 100 alumni of the 1962 batch landed at the institute from across the globe. Apart from greetings, hugs, laughter and nostalgic talks, the alumni had made special arrangements to pay their tribute to the teachers who had guided them.As tokens of respect, the students, who are now in their mid-60s, handed out specially designed coins embossed with the logo of CN Vidyalaya to their seven teachers.\"All the teachers are between 84 and 87 years of age now. We've traced them and requested them to attend the meet which will see lot of reminiscing and walking down the memory lane,\" said Shriyak Sheth, one of the students of the 1962 batch.Among the group of alumni, 50 of them had arrived with their families and 22 of them were from the US, while around 10 were from Mumbai.\"I usually visit India after every two years. However, I've come specially this time to meet my friends and teachers,\" said Gauri Patel, a student of the 1962 batch who now lives in Michigan. Patel studied from Class 1 to 11 at CN Vidyalaya.While the energy filled interactive day ended with a musical evening, a picnic was scheduled for the following day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596059", "title": "Youth drowns in quarry", "text": "PUNE: A first-year BCom student drowned in a quarry filled with water at Lohegaon on Sunday afternoon.The Airport police have identified the deceased as Amardin Javed Iqbal Javed (18) of Lohegaon, originally from Rajasthan.Assistant police inspector Nitin Hengade said that Javed was a student of a city-based private college. \"On Sunday afternoon, he had gone for a swim in the quarry with some 10 friends.\" Hengade said that while swimming, Javed and one other youth from the group began to drown. His friends alerted the police and local people. \"The other youth was rescued immediately. Javed's body was pulled out around 6 pm,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595473", "title": "Chiru may get Union cabinet berth soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prajarajyam president K Chiranjeevi is all set to be sworn in as the seventh minister from AP in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's cabinet for not only saving the Kiran Kumar Reddy government but also for merging his party with the Congress.With Chiranjeevi's place confirmed, retiring MPs and fresh aspirants have started making moves for the remaining three vacancies in the Rajya Sabha. The term of Dasari Narayana Rao , K Keshav Rao and G Sanjeeva Reddy is set to end on April 2 this year. Rajya Sabha MP from the state, Rashid Alvi, is likely to be given a renomination, given his strength to pool in minority forces during the Uttar Pradesh elections.Party sources said Chiranjeevi has been assured of a Union cabinet berth by the Congress high command for the unconditional merger of his party, which had 18% vote share in the 2009 general elections. \"It can happen anytime now. Once the Congress top brass is done with the current round of election campaigning, things will fall in line. We are expecting a call any moment. There is no scramble for Rajya Sabha seats. Contrary to speculation in a section of the media about Chiranjeevi being neglected by Congress party ever since he announced the unconditional merger, our leader has always been taken into confidence by Congress AP affairs in-charge Ghulam Nabi Azad , chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana,\" the PRP sources said.The state has six ministers in the Union Cabinet -- S Jaipal Reddy , V Kishore Chandra Deo and Jairam Ramesh with cabinet rank and three with minister of state status -- D Purandeswari, M M Pallam Raju and Panabaka Lakshmi.Confirming news about Chiranjeevi being assured of a Union cabinet berth, investment and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao told media, \"This is the assurance the Congress leadership has given to our leader. We feel it will happen at an appropriate time. No one need to have doubts over the issue.\"Meanwhile, Azad's breakfast at AICC spokesperson Renuka Choudhary's residence on Sunday lent credence to speculation that she was indeed a strong contender for one of the nominations to the Rajya Sabha. Other Telangana leaders who are burning the midnight oil include former speaker K R Suresh Reddy, former MP Mallu Ravi, former minister Mohammed Ali Shabbir and former PCC president P Narsa Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595435", "title": "Congmen flood Azad with requests, complaints", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress AP affairs in-charge Ghulam Nabi Azad's efforts to bring cohesion among the rank and file of the party seems to have gone awry if the events that unfolded at Gandhi Bhavan on Sunday are any indication. Azad, who was here on a 48-hour co-ordination mission, was flooded with requests, complaints, representations and suggestions on the last day of his visit.Top on the list of leaders with a strong grievance was Congress MP GV Harsha Kumar who squarely blamed Azad for the present state of affairs prevailing in the state. He handed over a two-page letter to Azad bringing to his notice the grave injustice meted out to P Shankar Rao, appointment of a controversial person to head the Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu programme and the composition of the Congress Coordination Committee (CCC) itself.\"How can the party ignore dalits? A flawed thought has been developing that the party high command is intentionally doing injustice to this community. If we do not safeguard the interests of dalits, the party's stakes will be put to danger. I am afraid dalits may look to Jaganmohan Reddy for help. The Congress leadership must have at least ensured that the vacancy was filled up by an SC candidate. This will not augur well for the party in the long run. Azad is not doing any good to Congress during this visit to the state,\" he rued. The MP also questioned the composition of the eight-member CCC with three nominees from the Kapu community and none from Mala community.Leaders of all hues, including MLAs and MLCs, waited patiently to pour their hearts out to Azad during the three hours he spent with them. No sooner had Azad expressed his willingness to interact with party office-bearers and senior leaders than he was flooded with requests for assurances on filling up of nominated posts to various corporations. While MLCs tried their best to convince Azad on the need to induct them into the state cabinet at the earliest, legislators from Telangana made an earnest appeal urging him to use his good offices to speed up the formation of a new state and also ensure that the region was not deprived of either funds or opportunities.Congress leaders from Telangana wanted Azad to initiate several proactive measures in the region to keep people there happy till the formation of a new state.Next was the turn of legislators from all three regions, who said certain ministers were ignoring their requests and encouraging rival leaders who belonged to the same community as them and hailed from their area. However, a large chunk of Congress leaders informed Azad about the sudden importance being extended to Kapu community leaders at the cost of sincere Congress workers from other sections of society.Meanwhile, Pradesh Congress Committee president Botsa Satyanarayana's efforts to score brownie points over chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, too, has begun taking its toll with leaders owing allegiance to the respective leaders engaging in mud slinging. While one camp continued to raise the issue of the CM's unilateral style of functioning, the other camp wanted a CBI probe into the liquor scam in which top politicians are said to have been paid off by the liquor syndicate.Earlier in the day, Azad called on governor ESL Narasimhan and spent nearly 90 minutes with him discussing a host of issues pertaining to the state, the details of which have not been made public. Azad also gave a patient hearing to a group of Telangana Joint Action Committee leaders at Renuka Choudhary's residence, where he had been invited for breakfast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596602", "title": "Janta out to grab credit for Janta Meal scheme", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The introduction of economical \"Janta Meal\" at Panjab University's student centre on Friday has many people attempting to take credit for this initiative. The meal costs Rs 20 and is cheaper than the food otherwise available at the centre.Signboards in various shops there read \"Janta meal introduced on the suggestion of PU vice-chancellor\". However, student leaders are claiming it as their \"achievement\".The meal has two options, karhi-chawal and dal-chapattis. Student representatives from various unions want its credit. Apart from PU officials, Pushpinder Sharma, president of Panjab University Campus Student Council (PUCSC) and Sunny Mehta, representative of National Students Union of India (NSUI) have also been claiming that the introduction of the new basic meal was their initiative.\"PU's decision to introduce the janta meal was preceded by a series of protests over hiked food prices in hostels and at Student Centre. It was only because student bodies exerted pressure and constantly followed the matter that this meal was introduced,\" said Mehta.PU officials, however, said they came to realize the need for this on their own. \"When we took the decision to increase meal prices in hostels so that contractors did not get suffer losses, we also decided to have basic meals that even poor students could afford,\" said A S Ahluwalia, dean (student welfare).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11602217", "title": "Police identify rebel killed on Saturday", "text": "KORAPUT: Rayagada district police on Sunday identified the Maoist killed in Saturday's gunfight. They claim his name was Satish, and he was not from Odisha. They have sought the help of their counterparts in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh to know more about him.Security personnel had gunned down the rebel during an exchange of fire in a forest near Mukhiguda in Chandrapur police station area on Saturday.\"The deceased had the name 'Satish' inscribed in Hindi on one of his hands. The diaries recovered from the encounter site also carried the name. From this, we suspect that his name was Satish. He was an outsider, but we are yet to ascertain which state he was from,\" said Rayagada SP Anup Krishna.\"We have sought the help of our counterparts from the neighboring states to know more details about him,\" he added.According to the SP, the deceased was a top Maoist cadre as he was carrying an AK 47 gun, which was recovered from the spot along with another SLR gun.\"Usually, the Maoists of the rank of divisional commanders are provided AK 47 guns. Rebels in even higher rank carry SLR guns. Hence we suspect the deceased was a top brass leader. The other gun seized from the site belonged to rebel leader Nikhil, who leads the Basadhara division,\" the SP added.Two security men who had received minor splinter injuries during the gun-battle are stated to be safe. Police said the Maoists were running a full-fledged training camp in the forest and around 35 rebels were present at the time of the encounter. \"Some training materials were seized from the crime spot. Blood trails at the spot suggest some other cadres might also have received bullet injuries,\" the SP added. \"Some training materials were seized from the crime spot. Blood trails at the spot suggest some other cadres might also have received bullet injuries,\" the SP added.Apart from the two guns, police recovered explosives, olive green uniforms and huge quantity of Maoist belongings from the encounter site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602449", "title": "I\u2019ve decided to keep away from fiction: Manish Paul", "text": "This Delhi-based guy began his journey to glam-world with anchoring and then veering to RJing to VJing and then into acting.He is considered one of the ace anchors in tele-world now-that's Manish Paul for you. He was last seen in the film 'Tees Maar Khan' in a cameo and has been in limelight after anchoring 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Chhote Ustaad', his participation in 'Comedy Circus' and much more. Not just that, Manish proved his mettle as singer in reality show 'Star Ya Rockstar'.Although, Manish tried to come back to fiction with 'Pyaar Mein Twist' opposite Roshni Chopra on Star Plus, but it didn't work good on TRPs. Manish says, \"I've decided to keep away from fiction as it is not only too much of time consuming venture but also, due to unpredictable of its working successful.\" He is in talks with various producers for films and that apart, awards ceremony are keeping him busy.Recently, Manish's daughter Saisha turned one, \"I celebrated her first birthday in Delhi with my entire family and many of my friends joined me from Mumbai to be the part of the occasion. I had planned a moon and star theme party for my angel where entire decoration comprised moon and stars also, the return gift which had assorted cookies were in the shape of moon and stars too,\" shares Manish excitedly.Some joys of fatherhood for this multi-talented guy!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11603838", "title": "Agneepath fever grips Hrithik fans", "text": "Hrihtik's Agneepath is all set to release on 26th January.Hrithik Roshan's fans are eagerly waiting for the release as the promos look great. Meanwhile, most have been so inspired by the film, that they want to look like Hrithik too.We've heard fans of India's very own Greek God have even taken to wearing clothes which resemble Hrithik's in the film.Few have gone a step further and have desired to win the film's authentic clothes by participating in a contest.Few fans revealed, \"We had to act like one of the characters from Agneepath and record our own version. We have done that.\"The contest which is live on all social media platforms is video lead one. The fans are to send videos of them repeating the dialogues of their favourite Agneepath characters and upload it on the official YouTube channel. The winners will receive the costumes worn by the stars in the movie.Yet another form of movie promotion driven by social media this is.Farhan Akhtar for Don 2, had circulated 3D glasses with newspapers for everyone to see his 3D songs on Youtube!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597131", "title": "Baseball bat tops EC hit list", "text": "In this non-baseball playing land, Punjabis have shown quite a fondness for lugging around baseball bats in their cars, at least during poll season. Apart from currency and liquor, the EC is keeping a close watch on 'weapons' like baseball bats, hockey sticks and iron rods.\"Why do they want a baseball club when they are going for a wedding,\" a Kerala Armed Police force (KAP) personnel utters after discovering yet another bat in the car of a Punjabi couple on Raikot Road. It's 11 am and they have already seized two bats, a hockey stick and at least three rods from vehicles.\"Every second car has one of these,\" says the constable, pointing towards the roadside stash of rods that is growing bigger every passing hour.\"We deposit about 10-15 baseball bats daily, besides hockey sticks and rods are recovered from private cars. EC has given us orders that anything that can be used for violent activity must not be allowed,\" explains Havaldar Gurcharan Singh, who is accompanying the KAP staff.\"Can't we take this bat with us,\" Gurwinder Singh of Dalla village asks the cop hesitantly, as his wife, apparently dressed for a wedding, waits in the car. \"It's harmless, we carry it for our conveniencea?\u00a6 just in case the car breaks down at night and we need something handy in case of danger,\" he explains. But Gurcharan is unmoved. \"We have orders,\" he says.It's the same story at the next check post, this time on Malerkotla Road. \"Out of 100 cars, 80 would be carrying some sort of thick stick. We are told this is something to do with the frequent group fights that Punjabis indulge in villages,\" says constable Siraj from Kerala. The Punjabi cop jumps to his fellow brethren's defence. \"Villagers have to stay out at night to watch their fields and need the sticks to keep animals at bay,\" he claims.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11596276", "title": "Dogs' day out draws huge crowd", "text": "RAJKOT: The city's posh Kalawad Road is generally without much traffic on Sundays. However, it was different this time. The road was full of vehicular traffic. The reason was it was a dogs' day out. Dog lovers had arrived in the city with their dog breeds from across Saurashtra to take part in the Dog Show organized by Dog Owners' Association at Galaxy Farm on Kalawad Road.There were at least 18 breeds of dogs who were specially dressed for the occasion by their owners. Organizers said over 480 dog owners took part with their dogs in the dog show cum fashion show. Among the dog lovers were commissioner of police, Rajkot, Geetha Johri and member of the erstwhile princely state of Gondal, Padmnabhsinh Jadeja.Johri, who had brought her Cocker Spaniel dog to the show, said her family is that of dog lovers. \"Besides, being a police officer we have a close association with dogs especially Doberman and Labrador. We train them to find explosives and help us detect crime. Earlier we had a Doberman and now we have a Cocker Spaniel breed,'' she said.Each of the 18 dog breeds did a 'catwalk' at the show. Dog expert Harish Patil from Vadodara was the judge at the show. He explained dog handlers and owners each breed's characteristics and misconceptions about it.Patil, who has attended more than 100 dog shows across the country, said that in Rajkot, there is good number of breed varieties and people have good knowledge about them.\"Every year, I come to attend the show to get an idea about the dog's world. We have Golden Retriever and Labrador for the last six years. They are a part of our family and a calming influence,'' said Jadeja.\"It is very exciting to see different breeds of dogs simultaneously. Shows like this also give us a chance to interact with other dog keepers,\" said Chiraag Chhatra, who came with her Pug 'Jimmy'.\"We have started keeping a dog just nine months ago, and children were keen to have a Pug in the family,'' said Pramay Chhatra, uncle of Chiraag and a businessman.\"Over the period of time, people have started keeping different breeds which were earlier not seen,\" said Arun Dave, show secretary, Dog Owners Association.The breeds in the show included Labrador, Pomeranian, German Shepherd , Lhasa Apso , Pug, Saint Bernard, Mastiffs, Great Dane, Dalmatian, Cocker Spaniel, Min Pin, Shish-Tzu, Boxer, Beagle, Doberman, Golden Retriever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11595271", "title": "Mica holds global biz meet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (Mica) held a global business conference 'Envisage' on Sunday.The institute's idea of the event, held for the first time, was to have a forum where current business scenarios could be discussed between students and professionals from industries to give a learning experience to the students.Various professionals from information technology, media, , entertainment and entrepreneurs attended Envisage, the theme of which was \"Filling the Void.\" Award winning Hollywood director Krishna Shah spoke about the Indian film industry and how it breeds nepotism and the measly amounts of money it spends on producing films. \"Void is good. Bollywood is a void,\" he commented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11602783", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court denies bail to Maoist leader Kobad Ghandy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday dismissed the bail application of Maoist leader, Kobad Ghandy in a criminal case registered against him in Patiala.Ghandy was booked by the Patiala police in January this year following a tip-off that he visited Punjabi University, Patiala, under a fake identity.In his petition filed before the HC, Ghandy had pleaded innocence alleging false implication in the matter.The FIR was registered against the 63 years old Ghandy and one Manoj alias Rajesh at the sadar police station Patiala under section 10, 13, 18 &amp; 20 of the Unlawful Activities prevention Act and section 419 and 120 B of the IPC. Ghandy, a politburo member of the banned CPI (Maoist), was arrested in September 2009 in Delhi following a joint operation by intelligence agencies and the police, since then he is behind bars.In its petition filed through advocate R S Bains of the HC, Ghandy had pleaded his innocence stating that he was booked for delivering a lecture in Punjabi university Patiala in April/May 2009 for spreading Maoist activities. He pleaded that at the time CPI (Maoist) was not banned. CPI (Maoist) was banned in June 22, 2009, he argued.He also pleaded that Lt Governor Delhi had stayed all proceedings against Ghandy pending in various other parts of the country while exercising powers under section 268 of criminal procedure code (CrPc). As such Ghandy a right to get bail, the petition said.It was also contended by the counsel of Ghandy that witnesses of the prosecution agency in the case had not signed their statement. Claiming that Ghandy was an intellectual and had written two books, his counsel sought directions for granting bail in the case.After hearing his contentions, however, Justice V S Malik of the HC dismissed his bail application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596269", "title": "954 awarded degrees at college convocation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Having waited for over a year to get degrees since the convocation was given a miss last year, 954 graduates from the batch of 2009-10 at GGDSD College in Sector 32 received their degrees on Sunday.An excited lot of students were spotted getting pictures clicked with convocation robes and posing with teachers and batchmates to make the day memorable. \"We have waited for over a year to get our degrees. The subsequent batch will be called for convocation in March 2012, whereas the batch of 2009-10 was awarded now,\" added a former BCom student, in a jubilant mood.Rajeev Shukla , minister of parliamentary affairs, government of India was the chief guest at the annual convocation held in college auditorium. At present, he is the vice-president of BCCI and chairman of IPL.The convocation ceremony on Sunday kicked off with the rendition of Saraswati Vandana by the college students. Subsequently, Upkar Krishan Sharma, president, GGDSD College Society, welcomed the guests and college principal Meena Prabhakar highlighted the achievement of the college. She congratulated the students on graduating and welcomed them in this new phase of their lives. Shukla also addressed the gathering and spoke on the importance of education in every individual's life and its relevance for the economy of the nation.Anirudh Joshi, general secretary of the college society, gave a vote of thanks after the ceremony concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11596520", "title": "Who will take R-Day salute in Andhra?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raj Bhavan officials are busy readying the speech to be delivered by governor in the state capital on January 26. But even as they do so, they are not clear in their mind about who will be the governor who will read out these lines and take the salute of the Republic Day march.Governor E S L Narasimhan's five-year tenure will come to an end on January 25. As of now it is not clear if the UPA government will give him an extension or ask the governor of any neighbouring state to stand in. A gubernatorial reshuffle is expected in March after the results of elections in five states are announced. Many expect that Narasimhan's term could be extended temporarily by a few months till the reshuffle is effected.Narasimhan was appointed governor of Chhattisgarh on January 25, 2007. However, after Andhra Pradesh governor N D Tiwari got embroiled in a sleaze controversy and was forced to quit, Narasimhan took over as governor of the state on January 22, 2010. Thus of his five-year tenure, Narasimhan would complete two years in Andhra Pradesh as on Sunday.A former IB chief, Narasimhan enjoys the confidence of Union home minister P Chidambaram but his penchant for sending law and order reports to the Centre with very strong observations and his holding frequent meetings with state bureaucrats and police officers have ruffled the feathers of many state politicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600230", "title": "Keira Knightley drank vodka before spanking scenes", "text": "Keira Knightley and Michael Fassbender downed vodka shots before shooting scenes for 'A Dangerous Method'.The pair star as Sabina Spielrein and her therapist Carl Jung in the David Cronenberg movie and Keira, 26, admitted they got through the more uncomfortable scenes - which include Michael spanking her - by turning to alcohol.Keira told Culture magazine: \"We only had one or two shots maximum. It was a vodka shot to calm our nerves and away you go really. Then we had champagne. We drank quite a lot of champagne actually. You can count on Michael to buy a bottle of champagne when one is required. The vodka and champagne is a good combination.\"Keira also revealed she now only chooses roles that challenge her and she loves to be frightened by her movies.She added: \"I think all the work I have done over the past five years has looked for the thing that really frightens me - the thing that I really don't know how to do. I think it is for selfish reasons. If you manage to do something that is a big challenge, you get a hell of a lot out of it, regardless of whether the end product works or not.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597021", "title": "'With conscientious candidates'", "text": "Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim on Sunday said the dera is with those who promise to eradicate social evils like female foeticide, drug abuse and corruption. He, however, refused to say whether the dera will directly support any candidate and if they had been \"interviewing\" candidates fighting the January 30 polls.On Sunday, Gumeet Ram Rahim took questions from The Times of India during a satsang with his followers here, with questions provided by TOI being read out on an open stage and Gurmeet Ram Rahim answering them in front of the audience.\"Many politicians from Punjab visited the dera and this process is still on. I do not know how many have visited as the political wing of the dera deals with politicians. What I can say is that Dera Sacha Sauda is with those who promise to eradicate social evils like female foeticide, administer oath of shunning drug habits and create a corruption-free society,\" said Gurmeet Ram Rahim.\"We are with those leaders whose aim is social welfare and those who do not show their faces to the people once in five years. Politicians have promised to fulfil these criteria and many have even pledged to us in writing,\" he said. Gurmeet Ram Rahim said no candidate or party has mentioned the issue of the CBI case pending against him. \"I know I am right and all the cases registered against me are false. If any party can show any proof, cut off my head. Isse zyada sabut aur kya de sakta hoon,\" he said.While he did not answer a question on whether the dera was interviewing candidates to ascertain whether to extend support, he also did not comment on whether the dera will extend its direct support.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596624", "title": "NH-21 traffic to be diverted outside UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an effort to ease traffic congestion in the heart of the city, UT administration plans to divert the National Highway 21, coming into the city from Zirakpur. This would divert all heavy vehicles towards left from Tribune Chowk.The details have been worked out by the architecture department and the proposal is expected to be notified shortly.Currently, trucks and buses go through the city, which leads to congestion, particularly at the roundabout outside Kisan Bhawan. As per the plan, the road passing from the dividing road between sectors 47 and 48 to reach the Inter-state Bus Terminus-43 (ISBT) would be the only route for heavy vehicles. An extra lane is already being added to this road on both sides to accommodate more traffic.\"This plan has been proposed with regard to the idea mooted by the master plan committee to have ring roads in the city to keep the inter-state traffic at bay. Whether the change can be made locally or National Highway Authority will have to be contacted would be worked out shortly,\" said an official.The administration also stressed the need for a separate entry from Punjab towards Mullanpur to avoid traffic congestion. Besides, certain areas between village Karora and UT boundary have not been planned.The master plan committee has also highlighted that the growing vehicular traffic between Mullanpur and Panchkula and the upcoming projects in Kansal and Zirakpur/Panchkula are the reasons for increase in vehicular congestion in the UT.\"With Chandigarh becoming a thoroughfare, the two key arteries, Madhya Marg and Dakshin Marg get clogged during peak hours. As ministry of home affairs is supervising preparation of an inter-state plan, Punjab and Haryana will have to take the issue seriously and come up with alternate routes,\" said a committee member.The city itself has a high per capita vehicle ratio of two per person. Every year, 2,000 to 4,000 new cars and SUVs are registered in the city.Tough junctionsThe junctions with almost constant traffic congestion include Press Chowk, Kisan Bhawan Chowk, Piccadilly Chowk, Transport Chowk, Industrial Area phases I and II, sectors 29 and 30 roundabout and Matka Chowk. Over four lakh commuters enter Chandigarh daily from Panchkula and Mohali", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11596132", "title": "Campaign to lift ban on Salman Rushdie's book launched", "text": "JAIPUR: While Salman Rushdie remained one of the most-talked about writers despite being in absentia, further controversy broke out during the session on \"A second sunrise: The Literature of Protest\" when the moderator, independent publisher S Anand, regretted how four authors had to leave the festival after reading out from Rushdie's 'The Satanic Verses'.\"In a literature festival, authors have been asked to sign statements that they did not write and leave a festival simply because they read out from a book that is banned,\" said Anand, while commenting on the issue.Critic Nilanjana Roy, part of the audience at the session, claimed that the authors in question - Hari Kunzru, Amitava Kumar , Jeet Thayil and Ruchir Joshi - were asked to leave the festival and the city by the festival organizers.\"I would like to clarify that the authors were asked to leave the festival by the organizers. We are planning to start a petition asking the government to review the ban on the book that was placed 24 years ago. It has never been reviewed again,\" she said.Festival co-founder and organizer Namita Gokhale interjected the discussion by walking into the venue, visibly disturbed. \"I would like to answer that,\" she called out as she walked into the Durbar Hall mid-discussion. \"I was just passing by when I overheard part of this discussion and I just want to make one thing clear. The authors in question were advised to leave because of their own safety as well as the safety of others attending the festival. The organizers do not discourage talking about Salman Rushdie. Everyone should talk about him, read from his other books. But if the law of the land bans a book, the continuity of the festival is at peril if the law is broken here. People can read it out in their own peril, not the festival's or others,\" said Gokhale vehemently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600384", "title": "Embracing India", "text": "She burst into homes with her TV talk show , coaxing even the most reticent to open up.And Oprah Winfrey has grown, inspiring millions to emulate her path of compassion and love. She talks to Deepak Chopra .What brings you to India, Oprah? The picture of an Indian woman in a sari on a camel with the word 'INDIA' has been on my vision board for three years now. It's one of the places and more importantly, it is one of the world's people I've always wanted to explore. With the show 'Next Chapter', I moved this to the top of my list. I know all new places are better seen through the eyes of someone familiar with the territory. I thought it would be ideal to see India with you!Have you ever thought about who you are, what you want and the purpose of your life? I am a human, living within and through Divine Intelligence. \"In God I move and breathe and have myBEING.\"- Acts 17:28. I wish to fulfil the highest expression of myself as a human being - to honour my Calling; the reason I came to earth.My purpose is to be a sweet inspiration for those on the path seeking the best of themselves and to help people see greater possibilities in their lives and fulfil their potential; to awaken. I want to use my life and my stage as a platform for changing consciousness for the good. My legacy will be every heart that was opened because of something they heard or felt, from something I said or did; every person whose life I touched with a word or deed.What qualities do you look for in your friends and what do you give in a relationship? Truthfulness, loyalty, sincerity, authenticity, and sense of humour. The biggest problem with being famous is people telling you what they think you want to hear.So having friends who are not afraid to tell you what I call the \"bone marrow\" truth, is essential, to stay grounded and continue to succeed. You cannot progress without truth. In relationships, I give generosity of spirit, love to share everything, experiences, gifts, a sunset, a meal. I believe all life is better when you share it.What are your unique talents, gifts, and strengths? My strength is seeing myself in other people and being able to connect on a spiritual, human level. I am not my brother's keeper. I am my brother (or sister). My greatest talent is to connect the commonality in our human experience so people can see themselves and their possibilities in others. I'm at heart a storyteller who loves life stories that demonstrate our capacity to feel more human, to fall down and get back up to triumph, to love. I would like to see a more awakened and conscious world aware of the consequences of our choices and willingness to make changes. That's my greatest hope, a more enlightened world.What has left a lasting impression on you? I've received a number of Emmys and most recently an Oscar for humanitarian efforts, but none of these compare to a note sent by a woman named Carol from Ann Arbor , Michigan, when I first started my national show. She wrote: \"Watching you be yourself makes me want to be more of myself\".More recently a viewer named Jacqui wrote about my new network: \"I want to thank you deeply for your generous spirit and relentless passion for transformational TV. I realised through the life classes that I have been living an unconscious life. I want more and so it shall be.\" Nothing makes me happier than to see someone \"get it\"; making a spiritual connection.I believe that what you do to others is already done to you. The greatest flaw in my character is judgement of other people; wanting them to fulfil MY expectations. Not confronting a problem when it first shows up. Sweeping it under a carpet and letting it grow to the size of Kilimanjaro!Yet you are joyful and ecstatic; what makes you so? To witness someone experience a spiritual \"aha\", seeing their consciousness literally shift and expand. I was explaining Newton's third law of motion - cause and effect - on LIFECLASS and talking about how that principle applies to every choice we make, and seeing people's eyes light up. Aha!Running through an open field, or my backyard with my five dogs. Reading a great book, and knowing I have many pages to finish. Even more ecstatic is to know there's another great book waiting to be read. Surprising someone with a gift they really wanted or needed, but didn't expect.Who are the people who have influenced you most in your life so far? There is no doubt that I've drawn great inspiration from Jesus, Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr, Sojourner Truth and Nelson Mandela .www.deepakchopra.comwww.oprah.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11594357", "title": "Attacker didn\u2019t spare the mahant", "text": "Dharamnath also had a can of kerosene that he had already poured over the dead bodies and the youths. However, he did not set them on fire because of the commotion that started after the youths fled from the spot and brought villagers to help their friend still inside the temple.Somnath Bapu was also attacked when he saw the assault and he might have tried to scold Dharamnath. Investigators said that he was chased by Dharamnath till the gate where bapu was hit with the road on his head.\"Nobody for sure knows Dharamnath's background. He was with the temple for last 15 years as one of the sevaks of Somnath bapu. He was seen as second in line and also used to perform puja at the temple. Villagers, however, describe him as an abusive and ill-tempered man who did not like to mingle with others. As Somnath bapu held an important place in the village dynamics, nobody dared to cross his path,\" said R K Patel, deputy superintendent of police, Sarkhej Division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596529", "title": "Keep Patna clean, Sri Sri tells devotees", "text": "PATNA: Naxals are brave people and are doing 'tapasya' in jungle. They are fighting to make India free of inequality and poverty, Art of Living (AoL) founder Sri Sri Ravishankar said here on Sunday.\"Like you, I also want India to be free from poverty, corruption, casteism and disparity. But I do not support your (read Maoist) ways to achieve these goals. Your ways are wrong,\" Sri Sri said at the satsang organized by AOL at the veterinary college ground here on Sunday. The satsang titled \"Ashirwad\" was attended by thousands of devotees.A group of Naxals were to surrender before him at the satsang. They, however, could not do so due to some unavoidable circumstances, the godman informed devotees.Expressing grief at the incident of Naxal violence in Garhwa district of Jharkhand, in which about a dozen policemen were killed, he called upon the Naxals to join the society's mainstream. \"I am with you,\" he said.Perhaps with the recent anti-corruption campaign and related developments at the back of his mind, the spiritual guru said that a strong law cannot remove corruption, and suggested a way to end all corruption. \"Law is the cure of a disease (corruption). But spirituality does not allow any disease to exist,\" he said and made all the devotees present to take a pledge not to accept and give bribes.\"A ruler cannot be a reformer, and a reformer cannot be a ruler,\" Sri Sri said adding, however, that the ruler should take advice from the reformer.Earlier, the spiritual guru was welcomed at the satsang by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , chairman of the Bihar legislative council Tara Kant Jha and speaker of Bihar legislative assembly Uday Narayan Chaudhary.Appreciating Bihar's development, Sri Sri said: \"A lot has been done. But a lot also remains to be done. Biharis are very resilient. You have come here through many challenges. Don't lose your resilience.\" He also made the devotees to take a pledge to keep the city clean.He asked every devotee to contribute in keeping the city clean by giving just two hours of physical labour every month. \"Many cities have done it successfully. You should follow suit,\" the devotees were told.Sri Sri also suggested ways of success to devotees. \"You can get what you want if you have pure faith, enduring patience and good discretion.\"Meanwhile, a group of over 100 devotees from Taiwan and China also sought blessings of Sri Sri. The foreign nationals joined Sri Sri in chanting mantras and singing devotional songs here.Answering questions from devotees, Sri Sri said: \"The purpose of life should be satisfaction instead of fame, money and power. You should always consult your conscience to make right decisions. You should accept criticism, you should live in the present, you should maintain your mental integrity, you should accept others the way they are and later try to change them.\"Giving the mantra to remain peaceful, the godman said: \"You should be ready to undertake greater responsibility in life if you expect great things to happen. It will make you peaceful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11600632", "title": "Burma event at JLF", "text": "JAIPUR: A country shut airtight against the rest of the world for over four decades, Burma - or Myanmar , the name preferred by the rulers - is slowly and gradually opening up. The country's government, although still backed by the military leaders, has rolled out massive waves of political, social and economic reforms over the last two years.One of the relevant signs has been the release of the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from 15 years of house-arrest, and who might be getting a seat in the Burmese parliament soon.The historian Thant Myint-U's recent book, Where China Meets India, makes an argument for the increasing importance of Burma on the global stage. \"There's a tendency to look at Burma only as the country it became post the military takeover,\" said Myint-U, talking on the future of the country at the Jaipur Literature Festival on Sunday.One of the most significant indicators of an overall reform has been the improving economy. \"The economy of the country is much better than it was some years back. But there is still a long way to go,\" added Myint-U.The political situation in the country too is getting better, and analysts believe that the 'pseudo-civilian government' is expected to veer further towards democracy in the coming years.Speaking at the same event, journalist and author Peter Popham, who has recently written Suu Kyi's biography, said that athough tolerance levels for the dissenting voices have gone up, but the road ahead is long. \"When Suu Kyi was asked if she would like to be the president of the country ever, she declined. Then she added that still, she would like a country where she could have become the president if she wanted it,\" Popham said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11602106", "title": "Premier cancer centre to open daycare unit", "text": "CUTTACK: The government-run Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre here will start daycare facilities from Monday. It will come as a boon for poor cancer patients, who cannot afford the cost of hospitalization and are forced to return homes after availing treatment.The unit will function in the new annexe building with 10 beds initially. If required, the number of beds will be increased later on. Services as chemotherapy sessions, blood platelets transfusion, pain and palliative care will be provided in this day care unit.\"We have started the project on a pilot basis with only 10 beds. Looking at the response of the patients we will increase the number of beds and would also hire specialist doctors to handle the unit. Initially the unit will be managed by the existing staff,\" said Sukdev Nayak, director of the cancer hospital.\"The unit is similar to the outpatient department ( OPD). Along with consultations with doctors, patients can also avail chemotherapy sessions and pain and palliative care. The unit will function from 9 am to 5pm,\" added Nayak.The facility will also help reduce the heavy rush of patients in the premier cancer hospital. The daycare unit has come up at a cost of Rs 20 lakh. However, the hospital authorities have not hired any additional manpower for the unit.The hospital authorities also have plans to open daycare surgery unit where minor surgeries would be carried and patient would be discharged on the same day. Doctors claim over 20,000 cancer patients on from Odisha, Jharkhand and Bihar visit the hospital annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597075", "title": "Sacha Sauda's pick to be 'out' soon", "text": "Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda is all set to send the most-awaited message across to lakhs of its followers in Punjab that will decide the fate of numerous politicians.The controversial cult, which claims to have a following of over 35 lakh in Punjab, has taken feedback from the followers and will decide which party or candidate to support soon. \"Our second survey to get feedback is near completion. A meeting of the main followers has been called at the dera on January 23 and our final decision will be taken after that,\" said Ram Singh, a member of dera's Sadh Sangat political wing. But the decision will not be made public and only read out to chosen followers, who will further spread the word of dera chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh.Meanwhile, politicians are making last-ditch efforts to get the blessings of the dera head and as many as 200 of almost all political parties visited the place recently.All of them have held a meeting with dera chief, who, according to a top member, has advised them to work on social issues and stop drugs and female foeticide.\"There are above 35 lakh voters who are dera followers. Of these, 70% reside in Malwa while 30% live in Doaba and Majha,\" said one of the functionaries of dera.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595039", "title": "City autos to be fitted with GPS device by March, says govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: City's autorickshaws may finally get fitted with GPS from March. DIMTS, the agency in-charge of the project, has been asked by the transport department to empanel vendors who will supply the GPS devices to three-wheeled scooter rickshaws (TSRs).The process of empanelling is expected to take a month or so, after which, the government will bring out the notification for installing GPS in autorickshaws.The Delhi government has asked DIMTS to work on GPS-enabled meters for the new three-wheeler scooter rickshaws. Meanwhile, the authorities are working on a comprehensive auto-rickshaw policy for the addition of 45,000 new autos as part of a court directive.\"The meters for the new autos will be enabled with GPS and a printer so that commuters can not only have an idea about the route taken but also receive a receipt for the fare.\"\"We will have to issue a notice giving details of the specifications vendors need to meet. Their applications would then be evaluated by us and the entire process is likely to take 40 days. Auto-rickshaw owners can then get the GPS fitted from these authorized vendors,\" said a DIMTS official.Sources in the government said that TSR drivers and owners will be given time to install the device. \"We will allow them some time, perhaps six months or so, to ensure that all TSRs have the GPS device,\" said the official. Both the existing 55,000 autorickshaws as well as the new 45,000 TSRs will have to have the GPs device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11596550", "title": "Dons force their way into voters list", "text": "VARANASI: A number of mafia dons have managed to get their names included in the voter's list and are even preparing to test their might in assembly elections. What is more ironic is that nothing can be done to rectify this anomaly as any revision can now be done only after the assembly polls. What if one of them wins from his constituency? This has put a question mark on the entire exercise for the revision of elector roll that had finally been published on January 8 after three months of hectic exercise. The dons under scanner are Brijesh Singh and Prem Prakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi.After mafia don turned MLA Mukhtar Ansari filed nomination from Ghosi and Mau Sadar assembly constituencies in Mau district on Saturday, all eyes are now trained on the moves of his arch rival Brijesh and close associate Bajrangi. Brijesh, who is presently lodged in Ahmedabad jail, is preparing to contest the assembly election from Saiyyedraja constituency in Chandauli district. And, Bajrangi is all set to test his fate from Madiyahu assembly seat in Jaunpur district.Before the beginning of nomination process for third phase of assembly election a serious controversy was generated over the revised elector roll in Jaunpur district due to presence of Bajrangi's name in it. Bajrangi, who remained a symbol of terror in several states, had been absconder for over a decade until he was arrested from Malad in Mumbai on October 24, 2009. Since then he is moving from one jail to another and presently he is lodged in Tihar Jail in Delhi. Despite the fact that he does not fulfill the norms of being included in voter list as per the provisions prescribed for defining anyone as a resident or ordinary resident of any place under Section 20 of Representation of People Act (RPA) 1950, his name has been included in the revised elector roll.When the district magistrate and district election officer of Jaunpur, Gaurav Dayal, was contacted, he said: \"This issue came to light at a time when final publication of the voter's list was done. As per the Election Commission's norms, the provision prescribed for suo moto deletion of any name from the voter's list on the issue of disqualification cannot be done after the final publication, though the inclusion of names can be done before the polling day.\" He admitted that the name of Bajrangi, who had been absconding for a long time, did not exist in 2009's elector roll. But, during the process of voter's list revision, the inclusion of his name became possible at booth level officer (BLO) level, he said. \"Now any action like removal of his name can be done only once annual revision process starts after the assembly polls,\" he added.The helplessness being shown by the DEO Jaunpur is a clear hint that the faults committed by subordinates have paved the way of a mafia don to make a successful bid to enter the political arena. It is not clear if the name of Bajrangi will be removed during next revision. What would be his status if he succeeded in winning from Maniyahi.The case of Brijesh is also not very different. This mafia don also remained absconder for over 20 years. He was arrested by Delhi police in Bhubaneswar (Orissa) on January 24, 2008. Since then he is also moving from one jail to another. Presently he is lodged in Ahmedabad jail. After his arrest, Brijesh tried his best to contest elections from jail to become a member of the legislative council (MLC). But due to the threat of disqualification, he fielded his wife Annapurna Singh, who emerged victorious on Bahujan Samaj Party ticket.After that he started preparations to contest assembly election from Saiyyedraja. In view of his plan, the political rivals took help of the Right to Information Act-2005 to know his actual status. Against this application given under RTI, the district election office replied on May 10, 2011 that the name of Brijesh alias Arun Kumar Singh (Brijesh), son of Bhullar Singh, did not exist in the voter's list of Pipari Dhaurahra, the village where the parental house of the don existed.District election officer, Varanasi, Ravindra said \"this reply is sufficient to show that no names like Brijesh alias Arun Kumar Singh (Brijesh) son of Bhullar Singh would be there on the voter's list.\" But, Brijesh supporters have different claims. In this case also the DEO said if Brijesh's name had been included during the process of revision, it could not be removed now in view of EC's instructions.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600423", "title": "Penny Lancaster proud of figure", "text": "The 40-year-old model has slimmed down from a size 16 to a 10 since having second son Aiden 10 months ago and is delighted with her current figure.Penny - who also has six-year-old Alistair with husband Rod Stewart - said: \"Now I'm proud to say, 'I'm 40, I've had two children and I'm still taking pride in keeping fit and healthy.\"But I'm not as self-conscious as I used to be. There's less pressure to look good as you get older. It's just about being confident.\"The blonde beauty feels \"lucky\" that she has had the support of Rod during her quest to get back in shape and she doesn't feel guilty about occasionally treating herself.She said: \"I'm lucky that I have a supportive partner who loves me when I'm bigger as well as slim.\"If I'm out with the kids, I might have a burger and chips, or a roast on Sunday.\"Though she is pleased with her weight loss , Penny didn't rush to get back into shape, preferring to wait until she had stopped feeding breastfeeding Aiden when he was seven months old.She told Closer magazine: \"When I first had Aiden, I didn't care about anything other than feeding him.\"Breastfeeding does help your stomach snap back into shape but there are always some extra pounds that are harder to shift.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11594663", "title": "Man gets 10-year jail over drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man, who was found in possession of 32kg of ganja at a railway station in 2010, has been sentenced to 10 years in prison by a trial court, which said that offences relating to drugs are of serious nature.Convicting accused Raj Kumar under Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, special judge Narinder Kumar said, \"The offence under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act is serious in nature. The convict was carrying more than 32 kg of ganja for sale.\"\"Having regard to the commercial quantity of the ganja, this court deems it a fit case to sentence the convict to undergo rigorous imprisonment for a period of ten years and to pay a fine of Rs 1 lakh,\" the court added. Raj Kumar, was arrested on April 3, 2010 at Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11595700", "title": "MRPL explosion: Injured recovering", "text": "MANGALORE: Five persons who were injured in the explosion that occurred in the Sulphur Recovery Unit II of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL) near Mangalore on Saturday are recovering. The injured have been identified Basheer and Sirajuddin, Ashwith, Srinivas, all contract workers and Mahesh Kumar. Surathkal police have booked a case of negligence against Mahesh Kumar, a technician with MRPL and plant supervisor Praveen Kumar.Meanwhile, MRPL-ONGC Karmachari Sangha president Praveen Kumar said that MRPL management had agreed to pay Rs 10 lakh as compensation to the kin of deceased Nagesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602339", "title": "Varalaxmi signs her next flick with Naga Chaitanya", "text": "Actress Varalaxmi, who's currently working with Simbu in 'Podaa Podi', has just signed her next film. She will now be seen opposite Tollywood heartthrob and Nagarjuna's son Naga Chaitanya in a bilingual flick.The film, which will simultaneously be shot in Tamil and Telugu, will be directed by Radhamohan, who last helmed 'Payanam' (starring Nagarjuna, Prakash Raj and Ganesh Venkatraman).Confirming the news, Varalaxmi said, \"Yes, I've signed a film with Radhamohan sir and I'm very excited about it. I can't reveal any details on my role as yet, but this one will be a very important film in my career.\"Looks like Varu, as she's fondly called in the industry, is on a roll because she seems to be signing such a hyped film even before her debut flick, 'Podaa Podi', has hit screens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596183", "title": "Fans go back in time to pay tribute to Sivaji", "text": "CHENNAI: It was a flashback to the world of Tamil cinema of the '60s. And it came as a reminder of the huge fanfare that actor Sivaji Ganesan, popularly known as 'Nadigar Thilagam', still enjoys. On Sunday, a large crowd gathered at the Sri YGP auditorium in T Nagar to inaugurate the Nadigar Thilagam Film Appreciation Society.\"It is impossible to forget a great actor like Sivaji Ganesan. We have launched this society to make sure that Nadigar Thilagam and his work continues to remain relevant in this day,\" said dramatist Y Gee Mahendra, president of the society. The event also marked the golden jubilee of the Sivaji film 'Parthal Pasi Theerum', which was released on Pongal day in 1962 and is the story of a soldier in the British Indian army. The film also starred Gemini Ganesan, Sowcar Janaki, Savithri, B Saroja Devi and a young Kamal Hasan in a double role.\"Sivaji always thought of Sowcar Janaki as classy and sophisticated,\" said producer Ramkumar Ganesan, Sivaji's eldest son. \"That is why he cast her in the role of a modern woman in the film 'Pudhiya Paravai'. Before that Sowcar had only acted in homely roles,\" he said.Sowcar Janaki, 80, lives in Bangalore and drove down to Chennai for the event. \"I was lucky to get an opportunity to act with a great actor like Sivaji,\" she said, blushing, when T K Ramamurthi, music director of 'Paarthal Pasi Theerum' declared that she was one of Sivaji's favourite actors. \"Not many know this, but Sivaji used to refer to Sowcar Janaki as 'Darling',\" he said.The inauguration of the film appreciation society was followed by the screening of 'Parthal Pasi Theerum'. Fans erupted into thunderous applause at the mention of every Sivaji film as dialogue writer Aroordhas recounted other significant films that belonged to Sivaji's 'Pa' series, hit films that started with the letter P. \"I first wrote dialogues for the film Pasamalar, which went to be a huge hit. Later, I ended up writing for five Sivaji films in the same year,\" said Aroordhas, who has written for 28 of Sivaji's films.The society, which has been launched in association with Bharath Kalachar plans to screen films once every two months on a Sunday. \"We want it to be a discussion forum where we can talk about Sivaji Ganesan's acting and critically analyse his films. We will also try to bring people who have worked on these films to share their memories,\" said Mahendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "11596508", "title": "Woman Maoist arrested in Sheohar village", "text": "MOTIHARI: Police on Saturday arrested a hardcore woman Maoist, Anjali Devi alias Bengali Chachi (50), from Tariyani Chhapra village in Sheohar district and recovered two can bombs, detonators, a drilling machine, digital weighing machine, a huge quantity of bomb-making materials, besides Maoist literature. Anjali was wanted by police in several cases of Maoist-related violence.Sheohar SP Natasha Guria said police raided Anjali's house at Tariyani Chhapra village following a tip off that Maoists were planning to trigger a landmine blast somewhere in the area. The recovery of such a huge quantity of bomb-making materials, besides can bombs and other items have led the security forces to believe that the Maoists were running a bomb-manufacturing unit at Anjali's house. She is presently being interrogated by police.Police said Anjali is the wife of hardcore Maoist Birendra Singh alias Bhaskarji who was jailed several times in cases related to attacks on police and murder. He died last year following an ailment. After his death, Anjali joined the CPI(Maoist) and became area head of the banned outfit's 'mahila dasta'. This is the first time she has been arrested by police. Police said her house also served as a shelter for Maoists.Meanwhile, the East Champaran police arrested three Maoists during combing operations in areas under the Rajepur police station bordering Sheohar over the past three days. The arrests were made from Chheni Chapra village on Friday. The arrested Maoists have been identified as Munna Rai of Hanumannagar, Israfil Mian of Chheni Chapra (both under Rajepur police station) and Prabhu Sahani of Sitamarhi. They are presently being interrogated at the Rajepur police station.Sources said the arrested Maoists have told their interrogators that they planning to kill one, Yodhi Rai of Hanumannagar village, for which they were provided with an assault rifle and revolvers by the CPI(Maoist) zonal committee.East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar said based on the information provided by the three arrested Maoists some more rebels would be arrested from East Champaran and neighbouring districts soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597339", "title": "Sunday surge at Lalbagh, Bannerghatta", "text": "Thousands of Bangaloreans turned up to have a glimpse of lakhs of flowers in early bloom at the Republic Day flower show under way at Lalbagh on Sunday. The record 1,03,000-strong turnout took the authorities by surprise at it was only the third day of the 10-day event.Chaos brimmed over at the world-famous botanical garden. Huge traffic snarls were the order of the day at all the four gates of the park. The queues from the Glass House snaked up all the way to the gates.With 15,000 visitors turning up on Friday, the inaugural day of the Republic Day flower show, and double that on the second day, the authorities had expected a 60,000 strong crowd on Sunday. But all arrangements went haywire as the day wore on.All record footfalls at the flower shows till date have been during the final days of the event. \"We knew the place would be crowded over the weekend,'' said Liva Mishra, a visitor.\"Sunday is the day to visit the places which you have been longing to. I wanted to come here on Day 1 itself, but my job did not allow me to do so. It's the first weekend of the show and I did not want to miss it. So I came despite knowing that the place will be jam-packed,\" said Ravi Kiran R, another visitor.\"The crowd was beyond our expectations, but we are happy about the increase in the numbers. Looking at the increase in the number of visitors, we are organizing a meeting on Monday to discuss different aspects, including the security and availability of services like ambulance and fire safety,\" said M Jagadeesh, secretary, Mysore Horticulture Society.The authorities had doubled security presence at the park. \"We had some 50 men for security till Saturday, but the number was increased to 118,\" said CR Ravishankar, inspector, Siddapura police station, at the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11602116", "title": "Cop injured in exchange of fire with Maoists", "text": "SAMBALPUR: A police constable was injured in firing between suspected Maoists and security forces in Gandhamardhan forest range near Balangir's Bamhani village in Patnagarh police station area on Sunday afternoon.The injured has been identified as Sunil Das, who was admitted to the Patnagarh hospital soon after the incident. Senior police officers including the Balangir SP rushed to the spot to review the situation. There was no casualty reported. Police confirmed the situation was under control as the rebels fled into the jungle after the firing.\"Senior police officers have already arrived at the spot to review the situation. SP (Balangir) R Prakash has also reached the spot to supervise the matter. The situation has been under control,\" SDPO (Patnagarh) Laxmi Narayan Panda said while talking to TOI on Sunday evening over phone.Sources said Maoist activity has been growing in Balangir and Nuapara districts over the past couple of years, as these places are close to the Gandhamardhan forest range. Police said taking benefit of the geographical condition of the region, Maoists are trying to increase their activities on the border. \"However we have indentified combing operation to curb their movement,\" the SDPO said.On the other hand, efforts are on to shift the injured to Cuttack or Bhubaneswar for treatment. Sources said he sustained bullet injuries on his shoulder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587973", "title": "I'm entering politics in a big way: Dolly Bindra", "text": "You can love her or hate her, but you can't afford to ignore Dolly Bindra and her larger-than-life persona.Even her hardcore detractors would agree that the lady has guts and chutzpah and gives a damn about even the biggest names in the industry. Known for speaking her mind always, Dolly is now geared up to join active politics. Reports claim that she will soon join hands with BSP supremo Mayawati and will surely become an integral part of power corridors in the coming weeks.Next step forward When asked to confirm the news of her being a part of Mayawati's bandwagon, Dolly refuses to admit anything. She merely says: \"Right now I would not like to say anything as to - which party I'm joining or my role in the political scheme of things. But yes, it is true that I'm entering politics in a big way! You will soon know more on this front. Till now, I have been in politics as a person behind the scene. But now, I'm taking the next step and coming to the forefront.\"When BMC Got Scared! The reality queen , who had upped the TRPs of earlier edition of reality show Bigg Boss, admits rather candidly: \"In Malad, Mumbai, I got the water connection of over 5 lakh people restored, who had been deprived of water for days. As soon as BMC officials saw me and heard me out, they got scared and immediately water connections were restored. Even the lanes of Malad, which were filthy as hell, were immediately cleaned. Doing all this gives me immense satisfaction and I am ready to help people in a bigger way.\"Helping Women! Ask her what is the first thing on her agenda after joining the political arena, and pat comes the reply: 'Ever since I came out of Bigg Boss' house last season, married women have been calling me for help because their husbands rape them in the night or beat them black and blue! Even those young girls, who want to reach out and do something worthwhile with their lives, but never got a chance, approach me for help. They get emotional and tell me that I'm their inspiration. I have so much to do and I can't wait to get started!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596135", "title": "A cattle track that poses as expressway", "text": "KOLKATA: The ambulance driver slowed down, took a sharp left and then a right, doing his best to avoid the 'craters'. But then, there was no 'road' over which he could drive.The Maruti van shuddered and shook and then there was a distinct 'crump' as the rear wheel hit a rut, nearly overturning the small vehicle. The driver swore and pointed to the ground. \"Imagine what patients go through when passing this stretch. Some of them scream in agony. And they call this an 'expressway',\" he remarked.For nearly a year now, a kilometre-long stretch of the Belgharia Expressway (particularly the flank towards Barasat) has turned into a cattle track. A dense cloud of dust hangs over the area round the clock and vehicles suffer breakdowns on a regular basis.\"You should see what happens after it rains. The craters are not visible and a driver who is new on this route drives into them. A week ago, I saw a car break its axle on this stretch. The passengers were on their way to the airport to catch a flight and were desperately trying to flag down another vehicle,\" said Avdesh Kumar, a truck driver. Madhav, a resident of nearby Duttapukur, said breakdowns are frequent. Entire families sometimes get stranded at night and have to call up relatives to 'rescue' them.The Belgharia Expressway was part of a National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) project to connect NH-2 and NH-6 with NH-34 and North Bengal via the Second Vivekananda Bridge. It was also an alternative route to the Kolkata airport for people living in Hooghly and Howrah. Even those living in south Kolkata sometimes preferred to take the Kona Expressway, NH-6 and the Belgharia Expressway to reach the airport, particularly when some disturbance was reported from the VIP Road or Rajarhat.According to sources in NHAI, the quality of work was not up to the mark as there was a lot of 'interference' from local politicians. These politicians had insisted that local contractors be engaged to supply material. In many cases, the quality of material supplied was sub-standard but locals made a killing.No wonder, they don't seem too bothered about the poor condition of the road. Their purpose was served when the expressway was built and land rates in the surrounding parts shot up several times.The expressway was to be repaired before October, 2011, but there was confusion over who should undertake the job. There was a proposal that the Belgharia Expressway be handed over to the state government. The latter refused to take it over though and it was only after this that efforts began in earnest to repair the stretch. \"Work will start from February. We have already awarded a tender and a hot mixing plant and other equipment are being set up. The project will cost Rs 30 crore. At the same time, we shall also be upgrading the service roads,\" said Abhijit Chakraborty, manager (mechanical), Project Implementation Unit, NHAI.This is probably one of the few expressways that have a neat row of streetlamps along the median. These never light up though. There is an ongoing dispute on which department should foot the power bill. After dark, the situation gets worse for motorists. Two-wheeler riders are at a greater risk. In some places, large boulders are strewn on the road surface. Should a biker hit one of these, he would be thrown off and suffer serious injury. Even policemen on duty agree that it is providential that no major accident has taken place along the affected stretch.\"As it is, the expressway spans several police station areas and patrolling is lax. After dark, we have to depend solely on the vehicle headlamps. One can't relax even for a bit as the car will certainly break down if it falls into one of these craters. All kinds of shady characters, including pimps, sex workers and drug peddlers, move around in the darkness. I dare to use the expressway as I am a local. Otherwise, I would never recommend this route to others,\" said Sandip Banerjee, a resident of Ariadaha who works in Sector-V.Even the police are concerned with the situation. According to Jyotirmoy Roy, SDPO, Belgharia, the matter was taken up on several occasions with administrative officials, but to no avail. \"The condition of the road is of great concern to us. We have informed the SDO and other officials on several occasions, but there seems to be no initiative on the part of those concerned. A major accident can occur any day and then people will hold the police responsible,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11595621", "title": "Theatre and movie buffs have a gala time", "text": "MYSORE: Theatre buffs had a gala time at Rangayana with three new plays daily for eight days on the menu. Like the theatre buffs, movie lovers also enjoyed the festival with two movies daily on show.What's more, there was a wide variety of films to choose from within different languages like Chinese, Persian, Czech, Hebrew and Polish. And, there were some masterpieces of Kannada showcased at the event at Sriranga.With the international movies screened in the morning and Kannada movies in the afternoon, movie buffs had an opportunity to choose from either, without missing out on what they wanted.Classics like 'Samskara' directed by Pattabhirama Reddy, 'Chomana Dudi' by B V Karanth, 'Kakana Kote' of C R Simha, 'Ghatashradha' by Girish Kasaravalli and Girish Karnad directed 'Kanura Heggadathi' were lined up to showcase Sandalwood's richness in the art of film-making. As some of these films are not easily available, art lovers made it a point to be there. Students were part of the crowd.\"Visually, it is more effective than reading a novel and we can also remember the characters well and describe it in our exams easily,\" said Manasa M, a degree student. \"Once in a while we can enjoy watching old movies,\" says Jayanthi, who teaches at the NIE.Among the international classics that made it to the festival are 'The Postman in the Mountains' (Chinese) and 'The White Balloon'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595497", "title": "Bunty adjusts to life behind bars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost two years after he was released from jail, super thief Bunty is back in South Asia's biggest jail, Tihar. On Friday, he was thrown behind bars, where he has been kept in a high security ward of jail number 4, Tihar official Sunil Gupta said.Prison officials said Bunty did not demand any special food and ate simple meals of daal and roti without any fuss. He is alone in his cell, sources said.While Bunty has resumed jail activities and is adhering to the routine followed by all prisoners, there is an excitement amongst the inmates about having the notorious thief in their midst again. While new inmates at Tihar queued up to see Bunty upon his arrival, old prisoners surrounded him wanting to chat about his TV experience on 'Big Boss' and find out why he had returned behind bars.Sources at Tihar maintained that Bunty had not changed at all and still talks about being God and having supernatural powers. Even when he landed in Tihar this time and jail authorities asked him for his details, he gave them vague and abrupt answers. When asked, 'what's your name? Bunty replied that he was 'Napoleon Jesus' and when he was shown his records present in the jail computer, he denied being the same person.Earlier Bunty had been nabbed by the Bhopal police while he was on his way to his hotel. He had tried his best to mislead them but his 'absurd' answers, as the police said, coupled with the recovery of a driving license in the name of Devender Singh, nailed his lie. When the Bhopal police questioned him, he claimed to be from Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596998", "title": "Robot gives woman hope of a baby", "text": "MUMBAI: Surat resident Sunita Prajapati isn't a lover of hightech, but she is aware that she has much to thank it for. After all, a robotic arm fixed her almost rare problem-two small uteri instead of one normalsized uterus-with little/minimum blood loss and lowerthan-usual recovery time.Now, she and her husband Rajesh are optimistic about starting afamily this year. The couple was distraught when Sunita suffered her fourth miscarriage in June 2011. The 35-year-old would lose her baby spontaneously within the first three months of conceiving. \"We thought it was a curse,'' they said.Sunita never thought that the rarest of rare medical complications was preventing her from becoming a mother. \"None of the doctors we had consulted during the earlier pregnancies had told us about this,'' said Sunita. After she lost her fourth baby, the couple headed to Mumbai for a holiday. \"It is here that a doctor told us that the two uteri were the reason she couldn't keep the baby,\" said Rajesh.She underwent tests for the first time when she was not carrying a child. It was then that Dr Sudha Sheth, a gynaecologist from south Mumbai, diagnozed that her uteri were too small to hold a baby. \"Sunita was suffering from a congenital condition in which she had two small uteri instead of a big one. Every female has two uteri that join to make a bigger uterus when still in the womb,\" said Dr Neeta Warty, consultant with Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals.Dr Warty then decided to suture the two uteri together, with the help of a robotic arm. 'We hope to get at least one child.'\"We found that her urinary bladder and the intestine were joined, which stopped her uteri from joining. With the help of two robotic arms which we put in her abdomen through two incisions and a camera which we inserted through her navel, we first cut this connection. We then cut both the uteri facing each other and sutured them together,\" said Dr Warty, adding that the surgery was done in Galaxy Hospital in Pune in November.Less than 1% of women have two uteri but the problem causes 20% of all infertilities.\"The doctors have assured us that there should be no more problems with Sunita's pregnancy. But we have been told not to let her c o n c e ive before three months after the surgery as the uterus needs time to heal,\" said Rajesh, who is an auto-rickshaw driver. \"I just hope that we get at least one child,\" Rajesh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11596414", "title": "Homes that warrant observation", "text": "MADURAI: The government might call it a 'home', but for these children in conflict with the law, the reality is far from it. Frequent incidents of escape by inmates of government observation homes across the state are not only a stark reminder of the lack of security, but also highlight the fact that much more needs to be done to achieve the objective of turning these homes into reformation centres.The century-old building on Kamarajar Salai in Madurai that houses the government observation home has a ten-foot-high compound wall and an additional two-foot fencing of barbed wire. The saplings and trees inside appear as a futile attempt at making the surroundings a serene place. The grilled doors, dark rooms with hauntingly high ceilings make the building look far from liveable compared to the swanky looking Puzhal central prison in Chennai.The inmates aged between 11 and 18 years are housed in two spacious rooms with grilled doors. The employees of the trust maintaining the observation home pour out their woes in looking after the children, squarely blaming the government for the lack of funds. Out of the eight observation home under the Social Defence department in the state, six are directly run by the government while two are assigned to NGOs.The state government in turn hands over salary for the NGO staff maintaining the home, besides spending for the food, medicine and other requirements of the inmates. The food fund for the juveniles is neither on par with the noon meal scheme of the state government nor to that provided to inmates of Central prisons.\"About 300 remand inmates are sent to the home every year. At any given day there are about 25 inmates. The government allocates just Rs 450 per month per head which accounts for just Rs 15 per day and Rs five for one time. How can we feed a teenager with just Rs 5?'' asked a staff.M Palaniappan, secretary of the Madurai Children Aid Society that maintains the home too admitted, \"Not just food grant. The medicine and sanitation allowance is Rs 1,000 for all the inmates. This is far from adequate to buy medicine, soaps, paste, blankets, pillows and other requirements of the inmates. Besides, there is no grant for electricity for the building as well as maintenance costs. We are managing it with donations from patrons.\"However, he said that the entire expenditure of the observation homes directly run by government is borne by the state.The staff maintaining the home including the matron, cooks, security personnel also said that they had not received their salary for the past five months. \"The Social Defence department officials have promised to settle the salary in February,'' said a staff member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11597247", "title": "BJP to reach out through small meetings at small places", "text": "GUWAHATI: If 'small is beautiful', BJP is going to follow this aphorism now to build up its organizational strength in the state. As a strategy to get closer to the grassroots people, the saffron party will now focus on holding \"small meetings\" at \"small places\" and actively take up local issues.\"No more big meetings. We have decided to go for small meetings at small places where we will be focusing on raising and resolving local issues like problems procuring ration cards, paying electricity bills, hassles in getting school admission and other issues that concern the people of each locality,\" BJP national general secretary and in-charge of Assam Vijay Goel said here on Sunday.After a poor show in the 2011 assembly polls, it has become imperative for the saffron party to make its presence felt organizationally among the people of the state. BJP managed to win only five seats in the last assembly election in 2011, down from 10 in the 2006 assembly polls.Goel said the biggest challenge for BJP now is to build contacts with the people at the grassroots. And the best way to reach out to people is get to BJP workers to take up local issues and try to resolve the problems faced by people in particular areas, he added.The BJP leader, who oversaw the poll preparation of the saffron party during the assembly election last year, said the BJP's national council meeting has decided to fan out its workers and leaders across the state and get actively involved in solving local issues in small localities. The meeting also chalked out BJP's strategies for the 2016 assembly polls. This is the first national council meeting after last year's assembly election.Goel said the strategies adopted at the national council meeting would be implemented in year-wise manner for five years till the 2016 assembly polls. \"We have chalked out our plans and programmes for each year till the next assembly election. Our effort will be to take the party to the common people and participate in solving various problems faced by the people. We are also going in for aggressive training of party workers for building contacts with grassroots-level people,\" Goel added.BJP on Saturday held its state executive meeting where the saffron party's preparation for this year's panchayat polls was discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11597460", "title": "Anti-graft crusaders forget Anna, take to politics of convenience", "text": "ALLAHABAD: During Anna Hazare's movement and Ramdev's campaign against black money, they claimed to the biggest protagonist of anti-graft and black money crusade in the city, but with both the movements slowly melting down, these activists have taken the short-cut to success.For key team Anna member in the city, Shyam Sunder Singh Patel, supporting candidates of his own caste remains the topmost priority in the Assembly elections and for this he is going all out by organizing jatiya sabhas (meetings of his caste members) and making them realise about the importance of voting for the members of their own caste.In his capacity as national organisational secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Kurmi Kshatriya Mahasabha, Patel also quotes statistics to woo his caste members and never fails to remind them about the fate of party/parties who tried to ignore Kurmis. However, the only point of solace for his erstwhile patrons (team Anna) lies in the fact that while issuing an appeal in favour of candidates of his own caste, Patel has asked the brethren of his caste to vote for a person with a clean and untarnished image.When asked about the sudden change in his public life, Patel took umbrage in ancient Hindu scriptures to drive home his caste prejudices and said: \"Yadi main apne hi gharwalon ke kaam nahi aa sakta hoon to mera sarvajanik jeewan mein rehne ka kya fayda (If I am unable to benefit my own family members than what is use of remaining in public life).\"But when questioned about the fact that his mentors like Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev never gave weightage to such issues and instead focussed on other burning issues like corruption and unemployment which he had earlier espoused, Patel said: \"They are always there to be addressed. First, we have to take note of bringing the backward and deprived castes into the national mainstream. To accomplish this, we have to elect them as our representatives so that our voices are heard in the corridors of power).\"What has raised eyebrows in the political circles is the decision of another team Anna key member Kusumlata Arya to contest elections from city West assembly seat on Janata Dal (United) ticket, fully aware of the fact that Janata Dal (U) supremo was among the most vocal opponents of Jan Lok Pal Bill in Parliament and outside.When asked why she was aligning with a party which had created hurdles in the passage of Jan Lok Pal Bill in Parliament, she evaded the query and refused to discuss the issue.Several other anti-graft crusade team members, who, perhaps realising about the exigencies of time, have switched gear and aligning with caste-based groups and supporting candidates of their own caste, irrespective of parties to which they belong.Among them are some student leaders, never ran short of criticising political parties having caste/religion based agenda.Now, they are rallying in these parties to make their presence felt in the 2012 Assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11593939", "title": "'La Nina' effect freezes life in city", "text": "VARANASI: The return of coldwave in the region is threatening to put brakes on train and bus services again. While the weather scientists are attributing the effect to La Nina factor that has pushed northern parts of the country under coldwave conditions, the cold has already started to give sleepless nights to railway authorities that had been expecting normal train movements after this month.As many as six long distance trains including Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express, Kashi Vishwanath Express, Jodhpur-Varanasi Marudhar Express, Jammu-Varanasi Express and Doon Express arrived late at Cantonment railway station on Sunday. Bus passengers preferred journey during the day while bus services from Roadways bus depot remained hampered at night.The return of cold conditions is definitely threatening to affect train movement, especially on long distance routes in northern parts of the country.\"New Delhi-bound Sitamarhi-New Delhi Lichchvi Express has been cancelled till January 31 on precautionary basis, but the cold conditions are promising to affect movements of additional trains passing from the region,\" said Ashok Kumar , public relation officer, NER (Varanasi division).\"So far, only limited trains have been cancelled but if same (weather) conditions prevailed for long, schedule of many other trains might be disrupted,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that a total of 25 pairs of trains including VIP train Shivganga Express pass through NER (Varanasi division) that is stretched over 1,200 km, covering east UP region and some parts of Bihar. In addition, the Cantonment railway station witnesses more than two dozen pairs of north-bound trains that crosses daily from the station, making it one of the busiest stations in east UP region.According to SN Pandey, weather scientist, BHU, the entire north-western parts of the country is under coldwave conditions facing double attack of La Nina in this winter season.\"The effect not only brings cold winds from Mediterranean Sea that reduces the temperature by 3 to 5 degrees C, the winds also force their way from parts of Europe to cross Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan before reaching India. The Western disturbances and fresh snowfall in the Himalayan region could be attributed to the impact of La Nina and it also promises to prolong winter, pushing it till the month of March this year,\" he added.The La Nina, a Spanish word meaning 'the girl', is associated with cold winds that bring monsoon in south-east Asia. The opposite of La Nina is El Nino, meaning 'the boy', which brings spate of dry and droughty winds lacking moisture in the air.As per records of regional Met office , the sudden turn of weather conditions are becoming evident as the mercury has started dipping in the region.The report indicates that while the maximum temperature has dropped from 21.9 degree C on January 20 to 17.2 degree C on Saturday (January 21), the minimum temperature has dipped from 10.2 degree to 6.4 degree C in the corresponding period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11600587", "title": "NRHM scam: Key accused commits suicide in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sunil Verma, project manager in the Construction and Design Division of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, committed suicide at his residence in Vikas Nagar, Lucknow, on Monday morning. He was under CBI scanner in connection with the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Family members said that he was under depression since the last one week after being interrogated the CBI. The NRHM scam has, so far, claimed lives of four government official in UP.According to the police, Verma shot himself with his revolver at his residence at around 8:30am. He was taken to a hospital where the doctors declared him dead.He has been interrogated by the CBI in connection with the scam on January 4.Verma's son informed the police about the incident. \"We are carrying out our investigation. He was under stress as he was being interrogated by the CBI in the NRHM scam. But exact reason is not clear as yet. As project manager, Verma was overseeing all the construction related work under the NRHM scheme,\" said the Lucknow Range DIG, DK Thakur.The NRHM scam surfaced after the murder of two chief medical officers (CMO) Vinod Arya and BP Singh in Lucknow. Both were shot dead outside their houses. Later, a deputy CMO YS Sachan, who was also an accused in the murders of the CMO, was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Lucknow Jail. His body was found hanging in the toilet of jail hospital. While police said that Sachan committed suicide, his family claimed that he was killed by big fish involved in the scam. Later, the high court directed the CBI to probe the scam as well as the killings associated with it.Besides top officials in the medical and health department, the CBI is also questioning CMOs of 72 districts from where the irregularities in NRHM funds have been reported. Two former ministers in Mayawati cabinet -- Babu Singh Kushwaha and Anant Mishra -- have also been questioned by the CBI. Mayawati had dropped the two ministers after the scam surfaced in April last year.With UP assembly elections to be held in February, the the scam could have an impact on results in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595353", "title": "Record 3.02L aspirants for Group-1 this year", "text": "HYDERABAD: A record number of 3.02 lakh candidates are slated to appear for 350 posts in the Group-1 examinations conducted by APPSC this year. There has been a 50% increase in the number of applicants for the top state service examination. For the last Group-1 examinations, conducted in 2008, a total of 1.90 lakh candidates had applied.Officials of Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission said that the increase in the number of applications could be the result of a compact time frame announced by APPSC. Unlike previous years, where schedules of preliminary and main exams were not announced along with the notification, the commission this year had announced the dates of written tests and interviews well in advance.\"More candidates are taking the examination seriously this year. The commission believes that once a strict framework for the examinations is given, candidates will be able to prepare in a better way. While so far we have announced about 304 posts, fifty more posts are expected to be added to the pool,\" said Poonam Malakondaiah, secretary, APPSC. \"There will be no change in the dates of examinations,\" she said.APPSC officials said that the number of applications could have gone up also because of the state government's decision to relax the age limit by two years. The age limit has gone up from 32 years to 34 years this year. About 20% candidates of this year's Group-1 would be of above 32 years of age, officials said. However, in 2008 examinations, the state government had relaxed the age limit up to 39 years. The preliminary examinations for Group-1 will be held on May 27 this year.APPSC officials said the number could have gone up because of the state government's decision to relax the age limit by two years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "money stolen from cash counter", "code": "11595892", "title": "Rs 2.50 lakh stolen from cash counter at Hinjewadi", "text": "Money stolen from cash counter: Rs 2.50 lakh were stolen from the counter of a spareparts shop in Hinjewadi on Saturday around 7 pm. A complaint has been lodged by Kishore Badlani with the Hinjewadi police station. The police say that Badlani had Rs 2.50 lakh at the shop counter on Saturday. Around 7 pm, he went out to chat with the neighbouring shop owner. When he returned, he found the cash missing. He then lodged a complaint against the unidentified suspects. tnnThe Hinjewadi police suspect the unidentified person may have entered the shop while Badlani was busy talking to his neighbour. \"We are investigating further,\" said inspector Balasaheb Surve of the Hinjewadi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11597240", "title": "Traffic restrictions on Ghat Road", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The traffic movement on the Ghat Road section of NH 212 that connects Kozhikode with Kollegal in Karnataka will be restricted for a month. According to a senior official of the Public Works Department, this is being done to repair six out of the nine dilapidated hairpin curves in the stretch in a month.Though there is a need to widen the curves, PWD would not do it this time as it requires acquisition of forest land. The department has already written to the forest department for allocating land for this purpose.During the one month of repair work, there will be a complete ban on heavy vehicles through the stretch. They will be redirected through the Nilambur-Edavanna-Gundulpet route. Meanwhile, the long distance buses of KSRTC have been rerouted through the Kuttiyadi-Thottilpalam-Padinjarethara-Kalpetta route. Small vehicles will be allowed to ply through the route.To address to woes of travellers in this route, the KSRTC would operate 24 short-wheel buses between Lakkidi in Wayanad and Adivaram in Kozhikode. \"Ordinary buses will ply up to Adivaram and Lakkidi. Passengers can travel by mini buses from both the points,\" said, V J Saju, zonal officer, KSRTC, Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11595969", "title": "Slum fire: Woman saves neighbour, baby", "text": "KOLKATA: Kamala Patra chose to save a baby and his ailing mother rather than the money she had saved up for a rainy day. The 35-year-old widow cradled the newborn as she watched her shanty burn to the ground in the Kalikapur slum on Sunday evening.\"It was a little after 6pm when I heard the screams and rushed out. The first thing that came to my mind was my neighbour's five-day old-baby,\" said Kamala. Her neighbour had delivered the baby through C-section and was too weak to even get up by herself. \"In fact, I had brought the mother and child home from hospital only an hour before the fire struck. Her husband is away on work,\" Kamala said.When the flames started \"hissing towards her shanty\", Kamala's first thought was for her neighbour and the child. \"I knew they were alone. I ran to her shanty and picked up the baby,\" she said. Kamala then helped the woman get to her feet. Cradling the baby in one hand and holding up the weakened mother in the other, she staggered to safety with the fire chasing them.After ensuring that they were safe, Kamala rushed back to her own shanty only to see it and everything she owned reduced to a pile of ash.The young widow's husband had invested in post office savings. All the documents were destroyed in the fire. \"I do not know how to claim the savings. I will have to start from scratch. I am worried and burdened. But looking back I feel I did the right thing by rescuing the helpless baby and the mother. And I feel much lighter when I think about it,\" Kamala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601361", "title": "Ram Charan Teja shoots at iconic Buddha statue", "text": "Monday morning saw actor Ram Charan Teja shoot for \"Racha\", in the midst of the Hussainsagar Lake at the foot of the iconic 18 meter-high monolithic Buddha statue that stands tall on the Rock of Gibraltar island.The shooting was part of the film's opening song that was choreographed by choreographer Prem Raksith. Dressed in a dark blue checkered shirt teamed with blue denims, Ram Charan Teja and a batch of extras headed by Prem Raksith, shot for the film's opening track all through Monday morning at the foot of the iconic Buddha statue.The actor even tweeted about filming for the track on Monday morning, \"Shooting the last day of racha opening song near Buddha statue. prem raksith is choreographing\"\"Racha\" has been shot at various cities including Tirupati, Anji City in China in the midst of lush bamboo forests, Goa etc. apart from Hyderabad. The mahurat shot of the film was shot in the presence of the actor's dad, Chiranjeevi, in June 2011 in Ramanaidu Studios.The film stars Tamannah Bhatia in the lead and the flick is being directed by director Sampath Nandi. The film also boasts of an impressive starcast that includes Ajmal Ameer, Prakash Raj, Mukesh Rishi and Brahmanandam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597151", "title": "Rickshaw-puller pedals for poor", "text": "Mahinder Singh is no ordinary rickshaw-puller. For, he does not haggle with customers for a few rupees. Instead, he convinces them about uplifting the lot of poor, who, he says, have been ignored since Independence.Son of a labourer, the 65-year-old was born in Barkia Karea village near Lahore, Pakistan and migrated to India along with his family during Partition. \"We have been living in utter penury. My father always voted yet none of the political parties did anything for the poor,\" the rickshaw-puller said.The desire to change the system made him try his luck in SGPC elections in 1975 from Amritsar cantonment constituency. He got 5 votes. \"So what if I losta?\u00a6 at least I took the initiative for the poor,\" he said. In 1992, he contested Lok Sabha elections and polled more than 1,000 votes. He formed All India Garib Janta Dal that has about 200 members in Punjab and Jammu. This father of four earns Rs 150- 250 a day and has been saving to contest the elections. \"I had Rs 20,000 of which I spent almost half,\" he shared.But his entire day can't be spent canvassing since he has to pick up sawaaris also.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600682", "title": "Chaar Din Ki Chandni", "text": "CreditsDirector: Samir Karnik Cast: Tusshar Kapoor , Kulraj Randhawa, Anupam Kher , Om Puri , Johny Lever, Mukul Dev, Anita Raj, Sushant Singh , Chandrachur Singh Story: Babaji Screenplay-Dialogues: Amit Masurkar and Nishant Hada Lyrics: Sandeep Shrivastav Music: Sandesh Sandhilya, RDB, Anaya, Shiv Hari, Abhishek Ray and Dr. Zeus Cinematography: Kabir Lal Art Director: Jitendra Kava Choreographer: Bosco Caesor Editor: Mukesh Thakur Action: Analasru Release Date: March 9, 2012SynopsisChaar Din Ki Chandni is a comedy laced with romance and is set against the backdrop of Rajasthan at a four-day wedding. A complete family entertainer, it revolves around a Rajput family and a family from Punjab, who are caught in a situation which creates comedy of errors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595894", "title": "'Male tigers do double up as mothers for their cubs'", "text": "JAIPUR: Wildlife enthusiasts may have finally found an answer to the longstanding question if male big cats reared their cubs whose mothers were dead. Pictures taken at the Ranthambore National Park on Saturday evening by wildlife conservator and photographer Balendu Singh show that the male tigers do double up as mothers for their cubs.\"These are pictures of the T25 tiger looking after the two cubs that he fathered,\" said tiger expert Valmik Thapar, as he announced to enthralled audience at the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) that this doubtful behaviour of the wild cats now stood confirmed in the Ranthambore forests. \"This was unheard of in the tiger literature of the world. Only the female tigers were known to raise the cubs, but T25 has shown that the males also do it,\" Thapar asserted.Until now the tiger was 'suspected' to be playing a 'doting dad' to the two cubs after their mother died in February 2011. The state wildlife authorities, too, had been keeping a watch on the tiger and the orphaned cubs since June 2011 when first indications were picked up that T25 could be doubling up as mother.Thapar and Jaisal Singh, another wildlife enthusiast and avid photographer, took the audiences at the JLF session on \"Tiger Tales from Ranthambore\" on a video and pictorial journey to the Ranthambore of 1970s and 1980s when the reserve area boosted of greater number of tigers. \"It was a time when I spotted as many as 16 different tigers in a single day at Ranthambore,\" said Thapar, recounting from the 1980s, while former chief minister Vasundhara Raje , theatre and film actor Sanjana Kapoor and the Bhutan queen Jetsun Pema Wangchuk listened among the audiences.Thapar highlighted how the Ranthambore tigers 'stopped shying' of humans and roamed around freely once 12 villages within the national park were relocated between 1976 and 1979. \"Tigers are emotional and react to situations,\" Thapar said, as he explained the changed behaviour of the tigers.The wildlife expert hit out at the state governments, especially the bureaucrats, for having a rigid attitude and carrying on with the \"British traditions\" in wildlife matters. \"The conditions have come to a level where the governments and NGOs now live in world of mutual distrust and where the tiger is the sufferer ultimately,\" Thapar said on passionate note. Raje, though, later tried to explain the political and financial constraints of the governments on such issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11597304", "title": "Drinking water project requires govt approval", "text": "KOCHI: West Kochi's drinking water project will be completed by December 2012 if government gives its approval soon. Though the Rs 201 crore project was launched under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) in 2008, nothing much has happened till date. Kerala water Authority (KWA) is unable to complete the project because locals are against the very idea of digging up of PWD roads for laying water pipes.The project envisaged a pipeline from Muvattupuzha River in Piravom that was to be channeled into a water treatment plant. Thus a twenty four kilometre-long pipeline connecting the pump house at Piravom and the treatment plant at Kundannoor was planned. But before KWA could lay pipes along the Mulanthuruthy-Piravom stretch, locals protested. \"People here suggested that the pipeline should go through alternate roads. Then a committee comprising PWD officials and police was set up to explore this possibility,'' said Mathew Joseph, KWA superintending engineer for the project.The committee has submitted its report to the state government and suggested that an alternative route is not viable. So the pipeline should be carried out as per original plan. But the government is yet to issue any orders. KWA officials say the project can be completed by December 2012 if government gives permission immediately.\"The pipe work in other areas as well as the construction of pump house at Piravom and treatment plant at Kundannoor is progressing fast. We can wrap it up within three months once work starts,'' said Mathew Joseph.The project is expected to provide 100 million litre of water to Kochi every day. The current water supply level is just 110 million litre a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595174", "title": "Govt wants to seal shops evading child labour fine", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is mulling the option of sealing shops that fail to pay the penalty for employing minors. The fine of Rs 20,000 recovered from violators for every child labour is used to rehabilitate the rescued.According to records, 1,287 children have been rescued by the state since July 2009 under the Child Labour Act. However, the government has managed to recover the penalty amount in only 290 cases.The state labour department plans to make a submission before the Delhi high court later this month, seeking rights to seal premises of violators who evade paying penalty and also those caught employing five or more children. In cases where penalty payments are pending, the district task force set up to prevent child labour has sealed some premises invoking certain provisions of the Act. But to broaden the ambit of their sealing powers, the state plans to present this proposal before HC on ways to expedite the recovery of the rehabilitation amount.According to a labour department report, 1,287 children were rescued from different parts of Delhi between July 2009 and October 2011 under the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986. While 370 children were rescued in 2009, the figure was 508 in 2010 and 409 till October 2011.Total prosecution so far, the report states, has been 1,528 for the period 2009-2011. However, state authorities say employers continue to evade paying the fine of Rs 20,000 which is used to rehabilitate the child after he/she is rescued. The penalty amount has been collected in just 290 cases from 2009-2011.In 2009, money was recovered in 30 cases, while the fine was paid in only 94 cases in 2010. An amount of Rs 33,20,000 has been recovered for rehabilitation of 166 children out of the 409 rescued in 2011.In some cases, employers running small businesses, such as tea stalls, have relocated with bag and baggage to avoid paying the penalty.Sources say offenders refuse to cough up the rehabilitation amount on the grounds that the case is still in court and they are yet to be proved guilty. However, HC had earlier directed that payment of penalty would not have to await conviction under the provisions of the Act. The court said officials can start proceedings to recover the penalty amount \"immediately after the child is rescued\".In 2009, HC passed an order that modified existing provisions to facilitate better rehabilitation of child labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594675", "title": "Odhav double murder: Man held from Udaipur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Odhav police arrested Praveen Muraskar, 45, a resident of Odhav, on Sunday for killing his wife Prachi, 40, and Sonu, 17, at his residence. Praveen had fled to Rajasthan to evade arrest. He said in his statement to police that mounting debt and illness of his wife led him to commit the crime.According to Odhav police, when the nearby residents saw Dhaval, 10, Musarkar's son, playing near the house sans other members of the family, they ventured into the house and found bodies of Prachi and Sonu in Musarkar's bedroom on Friday. They informed city police control room.When the officials arrived, they found that the bodies had started decomposing and there were no external injuries. The post-mortem report revealed strangulation as the cause of death after which police charged Praveen with murder of his wife and daughter.\"We got to know that Praveen had been to a relative's residence near Udaipur. A team was sent at Umarda, a village near Udaipur, and Praveen was arrested. In the primary statement, he said he killed his wife and daughter due to various problems,\" said P S Goswami, inspector of Odhav police station.Praveen, an autorickshaw driver, was facing a financial crisis.. \"As per his statement, Prachi, his wife, was suffering from mental illness and there was no chance of her getting cured. So, he killed her on January 19 morning.,\" said Goswami.On January 20, he killed Sonu in the same fashion and then left home after giving Dhaval Rs 50 for his survival. Praveen kept a track of police investigation at his residence through his friends, said investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596553", "title": "'Recognition' of Bhojpuri sought", "text": "PATNA: Bhojpuri Academy chairperson Ravikant Dubey, in separate letters addressed to Lok Sabha (LS) Speaker Meira Kumar , leader of Opposition in LS Sushma Swaraj , AICC general secretary and MP Rahul Gandhi , BJP MP Murli Manohar Joshi and several other MPs, sought their support for inclusion of Bhojpuri language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution.He said that 20 crore Indians speak Bhojpuri, but it was yet to get its right place.He has asked these Members of Parliaments (MPs) to lend their support to the cause of Bhojpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11594470", "title": "UP elections: Dons force their way into voter's list", "text": "VARANASI: A number of mafia dons have managed to get their names included in the voter's list and are even preparing to test their might in assembly elections. What is more ironic is that nothing can be done to rectify this anomaly as any revision can now be done only after the assembly polls. What if one of them wins from his constituency?This has put a question mark on the entire exercise for the revision of elector roll that had finally been published on January 8 after three months of hectic exercise. The dons under scanner are Brijesh Singh and Prem Prakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi.After mafia don turned MLA Mukhtar Ansari filed nomination from Ghosi and Mau Sadar assembly constituencies in Mau district on Saturday, all eyes are now trained on the moves of his arch rival Brijesh and close associate Bajrangi. Brijesh, who is presently lodged in Ahmedabad jail, is preparing to contest the assembly election from Saiyyedraja constituency in Chandauli district. And, Bajrangi is all set to test his fate from Madiyahu assembly seat in Jaunpur district.Before the beginning of nomination process for third phase of assembly election a serious controversy was generated over the revised elector roll in Jaunpur district due to presence of Bajrangi's name in it. Bajrangi, who remained a symbol of terror in several states, had been absconder for over a decade until he was arrested from Malad in Mumbai on October 24, 2009.Since then he is moving from one jail to another and presently he is lodged in Tihar Jail in Delhi. Despite the fact that he does not fulfill the norms of being included in voter list as per the provisions prescribed for defining anyone as a resident or ordinary resident of any place under Section 20 of Representation of People Act (RPA) 1950, his name has been included in the revised elector roll.When the district magistrate and district election officer of Jaunpur, Gaurav Dayal, was contacted, he said: \"This issue came to light at a time when final publication of the voter's list was done. As per the Election Commission's norms, the provision prescribed for suo moto deletion of any name from the voter's list on the issue of disqualification cannot be done after the final publication, though the inclusion of names can be done before the polling day.\"He admitted that the name of Bajrangi, who had been absconding for a long time, did not exist in 2009's elector roll. But, during the process of voter's list revision, the inclusion of his name became possible at booth level officer (BLO) level, he said. \"Now any action like removal of his name can be done only once annual revision process starts after the assembly polls,\" he added.The helplessness being shown by the DEO Jaunpur is a clear hint that the faults committed by subordinates have paved the way of a mafia don to make a successful bid to enter the political arena. It is not clear if the name of Bajrangi will be removed during next revision. What would be his status if he succeeded in winning from Maniyahi.The case of Brijesh is also not very different. This mafia don also remained absconder for over 20 years. He was arrested by Delhi police in Bhubaneswar (Orissa) on January 24, 2008. Since then he is also moving from one jail to another.Presently he is lodged in Ahmedabad jail. After his arrest, Brijesh tried his best to contest elections from jail to become a member of the legislative council (MLC). But due to the threat of disqualification, he fielded his wife Annapurna Singh, who emerged victorious on Bahujan Samaj Party ticket.After that he started preparations to contest assembly election from Saiyyedraja. In view of his plan, the political rivals took help of the Right to Information Act-2005 to know his actual status.Against this application given under RTI, the district election office replied on May 10, 2011 that the name of Brijesh alias Arun Kumar Singh (Brijesh), son of Bhullar Singh, did not exist in the voter's list of Pipari Dhaurahra, the village where the parental house of the don existed.District election officer, Varanasi, Ravindra said \"this reply is sufficient to show that no names like Brijesh alias Arun Kumar Singh (Brijesh) son of Bhullar Singh would be there on the voter's list.\" But, Brijesh supporters have different claims. In this case also the DEO said if Brijesh's name had been included during the process of revision, it could not be removed now in view of EC's instructions.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599690", "title": "Kamal Hassan returns with Amar Hain", "text": "After a long hiatus, the actor who doesn't believe in dubbing, is now ready to create a separate Hindi version of not one but two of his big-ticket Tamil filmsJust returned from a month-long shoot of the Rs 100 crore Vishwaroopam, billed the actor's biggest film yet, and he is already on to his next plum project, Amar Hain, a film that takes a dispassionate look at the legitimisation of corruption in present-day India.In typical Kamal Hassan style, Amar Hain too, is being made in two different languages, Tamil and Hindi, and Hassan will direct and play the lead in both versions.A super-charged Hassan tells us, \"It's a script that I wrote two years ago and put aside because it required great intellectual and financial inputs. I think I am now ready on both counts.\"One of the country's most versatile actor-directors, Hassan, has earned a reputation for making socio-politically relevant films like Indian for instance. \"People ask me why I haven't joined politics and when I say, I don't wish to, they turn around and say, 'But there's so much money in it!' So even the common man sees politics as a means to make money,\" he explains. As such, Amar Hain is a film that says it like it is; it isn't judgmental about corruption, it looks at contemporary mores dispassionately, he adds.The other angle is the invisibility of global crime lords in the era of technology. \"In the digital era, everything including crime is on the computer and the phone. That's why we never see global players in the crime game, land in our country. They don't need to since all their work is digitally manouevred. Amar Hain goes into all of this,\" Hassan reveals.Atul Tiwari, who is writing the dialogues for the Hindi Vishwaroopam will also be doing the dialogues for the Hindi Amar Hain. For Hassan, \"Tiwari gets the sur right and that is very important in relocating the language and culture from Tamil to Hindi through the spoken word.\" He goes on to say, \"This is also why I've always stayed away from dubbed films. I prefer to do films in two languages although it's time consuming and costly. And so it is with Vishwaroopam and Amar Hain\".Commenting on Vishwaroopam, which is almost complete except for the climax to be shot in Delhi, he says, \"We shot the main outdoors in New York because the protagonist is based in that city. And then we matched New York with the Grand Rapids in Michigan. No one will be able to tell the difference\". The biggest high is the Kathak dance he has performed, choreographed by the legendary Birju Maharaj. \"That's a dream come true. It's a very short piece of dancing in Vishwaroopam, lasting a few minutes. But I rehearsed with Birju Maharaj for a month. The looks of approval I got during the final take are my greatest reward,\" he declares proudly.Ribbed about his daughter's hit chartbuster Kolaveri Di with Dhanush, Hassan simply chuckles, \"The song functions through some sort of secret formula, which I haven't been able to crack. The day I do, I'll have my own Kolaveri Di.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595248", "title": "IIT K: Fascinating shows on cards in 'Techkriti' fest", "text": "KANPUR: Techkriti, the annual technical fest of IIT-Kanpur commencing from January 27, has taken a step towards strengthening the industry-academia bond. The team Techkriti has associated with companies like General Electric , Treks' n Rapids, Facebook, Google, Direct-I, Eaton, Boeing , InfoTech, SBI , T-Labs and others. The event promises to be grand on the entertainment angle with a number of fascinating shows.Festival co-ordinator Rohit Agarwal said that on the opening night, J-Walt would perform 'Spontaneous Fantasia: The Omnicentric Universe', a 3D animation show. He is an award-winning designer, filmmaker, graphic artist and composer.\"Spontaneous Fantasia is an animated movie. It incorporates elements of animation, theatre, dance, painting, sculpture, music, architecture and interactive art, navigating the audience through the landscapes and imagination of J-Walt in his longest work till date titled, Omnicentric Universe ,\" Rohit added.The opening night will also witness an attempt by IIT-Kanpur to enter the Limca Book of World Records by construction of a stick bomb, a mechanical spring-loaded device constructed out of flat sticks woven together under tension. It will be made of 6000 sticks. The current record for the stick bomb is 3,800 sticks.Another event Art4Dance may redefine the relationship between fire, music and performing arts. The fire dance troupe comprising two girls and two boys will perform silk acrobatics, LED and robot dance.Team Techkriti had collaborated with bodies like Contact Singapore, Australian high commission, Finisar, a firm based in Malaysia , British Council, Campus France, Netherlands education support offices (NESO), Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH Zurich) etc.Another fantastic would be Amarsen's hand shadowgraphy. This renowned shadowgraphy performer had performed in the presence of kings, presidents and dignitaries in more than 18 countries. \"He is the innovator of rare new art form of this age, wherein shadow images are created with bare hands. It evolves a docile mundane shadow into a creative component of fiction. His lucid illustrations, using nothing but bare hands, seem only a myth until you actually see him perform,\" Rohit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11595415", "title": "Going places in 5 yrs flat", "text": "BHOPAL: From a non-descript dusty village to lifting national junior hockey title, it took her all of five years. Even the girl, Shyama Tidkam, would have found it difficult to believe that fame would come her way all that soon. From trials of MP Hockey Academy five years ago to wearing the hat of team skipper, she has covered a long distance.Recalling her past, the tribal girl from Seoni district said, \"It's like a dream come true for me. I had never thought I would become the skipper of champion national team,\" she said.\"My school teacher told me about selection trials for the academy. She took me to the trials as my family was not in a position to extend financial support to me,\" she said in a self-effacing manner. \"I was shy and low on confidence at the time of trials. \"Though I wanted to play hockey at higher level, I had never played beyond school until I came for trials,\" she said. For someone from a place with hardly any sports facility, floodlit stadium, turf ground and hostel facilities were something she only saw at a community centre TV. \"By sheer dedication, she overcame all odds to achieve success. She has changed drastically in the past five years. She has potential to become national women team member,\" MP junior women hockey team coach, Paramjeet said.\"MP Hockey Academy has provided me the opportunity and I am here to prove it,\" Shyama said. \"This is the beginning of my career. I will try my best to be a part of national women hockey team,\" she said.Sports stars of yesteryears lauded the efforts of Shyama. \"It is good to see such a promising girl when hockey is struggling for its place of glory,\" former Olympian Sameer Dad said. \"She has amply proved that lack of facilities can never be a handicap for a talent player. \" former international player Altaf-ur-Rehman said. Both selected the players for the MP Hockey Academy.She will be felicitated at CM's residence on Monday by Shivraj Singh Chouhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11595661", "title": "\u2018Dev works on unused water bodies can\u2019t be uprooted\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant judgement, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has ruled that an unused pond cannot be restored, uprooting the developments that had taken place over the water body. \"In a fast changing world where development is necessary and industrial growth is taking place, sustainable development has to take place and cannot be overlooked,\" observed the court.A division bench comprising Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice DK Upadhyay, interpreting the law laid down by the apex court in 2001 in the matter of Hinch Lal Tiwari, said that it cannot be the intention of the legislature to uproot the existing developed colonies or houses built over the water reservoir at a time when it was not in use and rather had fallen into disuse because of drying up.\"In case, revenue entry of pond in respect of certain land is recorded, may be since before the date of vesting or thereafter, but since the pond has lost its utility and was no more in use as a pond and the land so covered or the pond so covered has been used for some public purposes or good cause, namely development, it would not give a right to any party to remove all the development and restore the pond, which in fact was no more in existence,\" observed the bench.The order came while dismissing a writ petition filed by Shiv Badan Pandey and others. The petitioners had preferred the petition against allotment of piece of land by the Awas Evam Vikas Parishad to a public school at Indira Nagar in 1998. The petitioners contended that at a point of time, the land was recorded for the purpose of cultivating a fruit called Singhara, which meant that the land was a pond. Citing the apex court judgement, the petitioners sought restoration of the pond.The court did not find enough material as contended by the petitioner. However, on the question of restoration of an unused water reservoir, the court proceeded to clarify the apex court's intention. The court also said that by the time about 34 residential houses have come up over the land in question, besides the school.\"In case, we issue direction for restoration of pond as pleaded by the petitioner, it would mean demolition of all 34 houses, which comprise the houses of few petitioners also. The court cannot be selective in passing order,\" said the court, declining to restore the water reservoir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11596684", "title": "85000 buses to improve public transport in rural areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government plans to roll out at least 85,000 buses in rural areas in the next five years in its bid to improve public transport. This is likely to improve the availability of public transport across the states and help shift people to buses from personal vehicles.A concept paper prepared by the road transport and highways ministry, which was presented at a recent meeting of state transport secretaries, has proposed such a move besides increasing the number of driving training institutes and inspection centre for vehicles.According to ministry officials, the apex body of state-owned bus services -- Association of State Road Transport Undertakings (ASRTU) - has proposed purchase of 50,854 new buses during the 12th Five-Year Plan (2012-2017). This will mean at least 600 buses will be available for one crore of rural population. The body has also proposed replacement of 35,000 old buses during this period.\"We expect there will be greater increase in the number of private buses in most of the states where state transport undertakings are not that strong. So, there could be some improvement in the bus share in transport sector,\" said a ministry official. The preliminary proposal of the road ministry points to the likely spending of Rs 1,000 crore for public transport out of the total proposed demand of Rs 5,334 crore during the 12th Plan period.Falling share of buses across the country in the past decades is seen as the prime reason behind falling public transport network in rural areas and tier-II and tier-III cities, and increased number of private vehicles. According to government reports, the share of buses as compared to the overall number of registered vehicles has declined from 11.1% in 1951 to 1.1% even though they account for about 50% of all journeys performed by road.Experts feel that one of the reasons for the huge jump in personalized mode of transport is the continuous degeneration in quality of service by the public transport system.The road transport ministry is also focusing on the need to have vehicular safety and better driver training to prevent accidents and fatalities in road mishaps. The government plans to spend about Rs 1,220 crore on setting up of inspection centres and another Rs 1,000 crore on driving training centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600870", "title": "Jaipur Lit fest's now got young followers", "text": "Youngsters are seen having a gala time at Jaipur Literature FestivalJaipur Literature Festival 2012 has now grown beyond anybody's imagination. Judging by the crowds, it seems that Diggi Palace (venue for the ongoing literature festival) is the coolest place to hang around for cool collegians. The youngsters are all there in their denims, colorful T shirts, scarfs, and boots to soak in the flavor of the place. And considering that Jaipur is so close to Delhi, many students from the capital city were there on Sunday to attend the festival. And of course American talk show queen Oprah Winfrey was the main attraction on Sunday. As festival director Namita Gokhale said correctly while introducing a session on Kabir and Dadu Dayal just prior to Oprah's session, \"Some are here to listen to Kabir. All of us are here in Jaipur. And then all of us are here to listen to Oprah.\" Needless to say, people arrived as early as 8.45 am to reserve a seat for Oprah's session at 11.15 am.Apart from Oprah, it was Chetan Bhagat who seems to be the 'hero' for the youngsters. A group of students from an engineering college were gushing over how articulate Mr Chetan Bhagat is. And of course, if you are in India, it's difficult to run away from Bollywood. So, Prasoon Joshi and Gulzar's sessions were always jam-packed. And the youngsters just can't have enough of their poetry. Of course, it will be unfair to put them all in one category. There were youngsters like Rohit Anand, a young corporate lawyer, who was there to \"gain more knowledge and add more to myself by listening to eminent authors on various subjects like Obama's presidency, power of myth, conflict and more.\"Adds S Kumar, an engineering student from Jaipur, \"These days even if you are an engineer, you need to have knowledge about other things. Otherwise, you will be known as a 'bore'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11596209", "title": "72-yr-old found dead, cops suspect murder", "text": "MARGAO: Seventy-two-year old Constancio Menino D'Silva, a resident of Per-Seraulim, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his residence on Sunday afternoon. Suspecting foul play, Colva police have registered the case as murder and booked an offence against an unknown person.Police said that blood stains were found on his body which also bore injury marks around his neck. Police sources said that the deceased used to lend money on interest to people. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596824", "title": "Now, satellites to keep track of trains", "text": "PATNA: Concerned at incorrect information often being given to passengers at most of the railway inquiry counters across the country, the railways has decided to launch a satellite-based tracking system to get accurate information on movement of passenger trains in each zone of the railways to further improve passenger amenities.A Railway Board official said a new technology has been developed by the railways which is under trial these days. The trial has proved to be successful so far.\"The new technology is based on mobile satellite service (MSS). The railways intends to implement it under a pilot project in a month or two,\" he said. He said the MSS technology is the same as the one being used for aircraft and defence services.The MSS-based tracking system will be implemented by the railways across the country after the pilot trial demonstrates its efficacy, he said.According to sources, the railways had introduced the Real Train Information System in the first phase. It was based on the satellite imaging for rail navigation. It was developed and launched under the joint venture of the Research Design and Standards Organization, Lucknow, and IIT Kanpur.However, of late, it has been proved that information being transmitted under this system about train movement is not up to the mark at most of the places, sources said.\"Once the new system gets going, several value-added services like accurate information about passenger train movement will be available to passengers at each major station,\" the Board official said, adding the new system is based on ultra high frequency communication system.Sources claimed the Indian Navy is using the MSS system mainly on its warships and Coast Guard vessels to get accurate information about the movement of ships in sea. Besides, the MSS system for defence applications has been developed to assist naval wings like submarines, torpedoes, ground-based vehicles, ships and aircraft in any emergency, sources said.A railway official of the ECR said the technology would prove quite handy during foggy weather conditions. The Delhi-Patna-Howrah mainline route remains badly affected due to foggy weather conditions for about three months during the winter. Passengers would get exact information about train movement, particularly of long-distance mail and express trains, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11597341", "title": "A parched summer awaits the city", "text": "KOCHI: This summer there is every chance that the Kochi will reel under severe water shortage. The Kerala Water Authority (KWA) is unable to replace the damaged pipelines with new ones in various parts of the city. Pipe bursts are so common in the city that in a meeting convened by the water resources minister in 2010, Rs 10 crore was allotted for the repair work.But even after this the repair and replacement of galvinized (GI) pipes with high density polyethylene (HDPE) in Thammanam-Palarivattom stretch, MG Road, and Chilavannoor region has been pending for over a year.The KWA has put the blame squarely on the Public Works Department (PWD) for the delay in giving sanction to dig up the MG Road for work. \"Finally the PWD has given a go ahead to dig up the pipeline road from Palarivattom to Thammanam,\" said K S Babu , executive engineer, KWA. This will allow KWA to lay new pipes for the supply line from Thammanam pump house. The pump house caters to the needs of all areas in city except in the west Kochi area.But it seems that PWD's approval will do little to improve the situation. The heavy traffic through the pipeline road due to the reconstruction work of north railway overbridge has come as an impediment to the repair work. \"We have requested the cops to minimize the traffic through the route at least for 2-3 months. They have agreed to cooperate,\" said Babu.Meanwhile, the PWD officials said the approval to dig the road was given to KWA after it promised to complete the work within the stipulated time. T I Jose, executive engineer, PWD, said the department is unable to approve digging the MG Road as Kochi Metro Rail Corporation ( KMRC) is set to start work there. \"Moreover we cannot allow them to keep the roads cut open for months together,\" he said.The frequent pipe bursts in places such as the 2-km-long stretch from Ananthapuri temple to Palarivattom junction has been causing accidents in the area. Pipe bursts and water leak apart from causing water shortage also lead to formation of craters on roads.The various utility cables of BSNL that pass through under the road have also come as hurdle to KWA's efforts. \"It will certainly slow down the work progress. We have to give cross connections to branch pipelines and house connections,\" said Babu. The challenge before the KWA is to complete the work before monsoon. \"It will be difficult to continue work during the rainy season,\" said the KWA engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11597246", "title": "Kochi all set to get solar crematorium", "text": "KOCHI: If the plans of Kochi Corporation are anything to go by, soon the city will have an eco-friendly, solar and biogas-based crematorium.The local body is holding talks with the Rotary Club of Cochin for setting up the new facility at Ravipuram. The existing electric crematorium had turned defunct in 2008, and it is after this that the civic body started exploring possibilities of constructing a new one. \"The project is estimated to cost around Rs 1 crore. The new crematorium will provide several facilities including a prayer hall for holding pre-funeral rites. Also, corporation officials visited some of the crematoriums in Coimbatore in order to understand the working of solar and biogas-based facilities,\" said a senior official.Though the local body has not finalized the design, officials said they will go through the designs of the proposed hybrid crematorium project at Thrikkakara municipality. \"A final decision in this regard will be taken only after consultation with the council,\" said K J Sohan, chairman, Town Planning Committee. At present firewood is used for cremating bodies. Though there were plans to renovate the crematorium in 2011, corporation authorities had to drop the plan owing to opposition from the council.The electric crematorium at Ravipuram was introduced in the 90s, but its functioning was frequently disrupted. In 2009, the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) disconnected electric connection due to non-payment of electricity bills.\"The operational cost of electric crematorium is extremely high and its maintenance is risky. We do not have the expertise to repair it when the facility develops technical snags. Moreover, the death rate in the city does not match the requirement for an electric crematorium,\" added Sohan.Meanwhile, the Rotary Club of Cochin Midtown has come up with a Rs 3 crore modern hybrid crematorium project plan for Thrikkakara municipality. This will be a collective effort of the municipality, Ernakulam Karayogam and the Club. Situated on 11,800 square feet area, it will work on solar power and biogas. This eco-friendly project has obtained certificate from the pollution control board and will require 50 minutes to complete the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11595683", "title": "Gingrich splits GOP race wide open", "text": "WASHINGTON: Former US House Speaker and college professor Newt Gingrich chalked up a surprise win in the South Carolina primary to blow open the race for the Republican Party nomination to challenge Barack Obama in the November 2012 elections.Gingrich was expected to do well in the southern state, dubbed \"Buckle of the Bible belt\", but the wide and decisive margin of his victory (41% to rival Mitt Romney's 27%) jolted the party, which now has to brace itself for a debilitating internal scrap to find a winnable option against Obama.Romney, the more moderate among Republican candidates, could have sealed the nomination had he won S Carolina, making it three out of three wins. He won New Hampshire primary handily last week after controversially being awarded the Iowa caucus, the first party poll of the electoral season. Instead, he is looking at an extended face-off against a resurgent Gingrich in Florida, which comes up for internal party polls on January 31.Gingrich fared poorly in the first three states, but the conservative south (he comes from Georgia, neighbouring South Carolina) is his stomping ground. He handily beat Romney, a former governor of Massachusetts, despite South Carolina's popular Indian-American governor Nikki Haley nee Nimrata Randhawa backing his rival.The result was a setback to Haley, who is a Tea Party favourite and seen as a future Republican star. She endorsed the more moderate Romney in December and campaigned aggressively for him across the state, but her conservative flock largely went with Newt Gingrich.\"In this first test both of translating her appeal and playing on the national stage, she (Haley) flopped,\" the magazine Politico pronounced on Sunday.Broadly, Newt Gingrich won the conservative vote despite a horrendous pre-poll kerfuffle involving his ex-wife, while Romney retained support among more moderate Republicans. Romney is thought to have better nation-wide appeal and a bigger war chest to eventually win the nomination but Republican stalwarts are now worrying that the internecine battle, which could extend up to Super Tuesday (March 6, 2012, when a number of states hold primaries together), could weaken the party.Rick Santorum and Ron Paul , who came a distant third and fourth respectively in South Carolina, have said they will remain in the race.For all these reasons, Democrats are delighted with the extended Republican scrap, believing that a Gingrich nomination would keep moderate Americans disillusioned with the Obama presidency on the incumbent's side. Essentially, three different Republican candidates have won three primaries so far, showing up a divided GOP in the process. Republican brawls include Gingrich's marital capers and Romney's financial escapades, and the longer the fight goes on, the better for the Democrats, even though their own flock is disappointed with Obama.The race is now expected to get nastier with an open season on Gingrich who got the first taste of what's in store in the final hours of the South Carolina primary. An ex-wife went public with lurid stories about his infidelity, but even conservative voters appeared to ignore his alleged cavorting, throwing the Romney camp into a tizzy about the viability of their candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596046", "title": "Malaria cases along Calangute belt drop further", "text": "PANAJI: Continuing its downward spiral, malaria along the Calangute-Candolim beach belt declined further from 496 cases in 2010 to only 217 in 2011. Of the 217, only eight were falciparum unlike the 77 cases of falciparum recorded in 2010. Falciparum is a dangerous kind of malaria that can attack the brain and cause death.The Candolim primary health centre (PHC), which has eight villages under its jurisdiction, had recorded 5,198 malaria cases in 2007, earning itself the soubriquet of 'malaria capital of Goa.'The Candolim PHC health officer Dr Sachin Govenkar told TOI that the most significant reduction in the incidence of malaria was recorded in the Calangute-Candolim tourism hotspot and also the village of Nerul. The village-wise comparative malaria cases are as follows. Calangute, which had 140 malaria cases in 2010, registered only 55 cases in 2011. Candolim, which had 124 cases in 2010, registered only 45 in 2011. Nerul had 51 cases in 2010, 13 in 2011; Saligao had 17 in 2010, recorded 11 in 2011; Arpora had 51 in 2010, recorded 5 in 2011.The Verem and Sangolda-Pilerne area were the only two areas to record an increase in the malaria cases as compared to 2010. Verem had 17 cases in 2010 and registered 21 in 2011. The 52 malaria cases in Sangolda-Pilerne rose to 61 in 2011.The Pilerne industrial estate in particular continues to be a trouble spot for the health authorities. Govenkar said that the industries neither come under their control nor do they cooperate in the PHC's efforts to curb the malaria menace. The health officer has repeatedly requested that directions be issued to the industries, through the Goa industrial development corporation, that migrant workers who come for jobs in the industries, be sent for malaria screening. This is not happening. Lacking any kind of jurisdiction over the industries, the primary health centre is unable to enforce mandatory screening of the workers like it does on builders, Govenkar said.The Candolim PHC imposed, and collected, fines totalling 95,000 on builders in 2011. It had collected 1,61,000 in 2010. The PHC also made 6,742 new cards and renewed 705 in 2011. \"There is scope for improvement and builders should come forward to comply with our guidelines,\" Govenkar said.Govenkar attributes the PHC's success in reducing malaria to the tireless efforts of his staff in implementing the PHC's action plan. He has listed all major construction sites in his jurisdiction with contact details of the site supervisors. These sites are inspected at random for health cards, mosquito breeding, etc on a weekly basis. Every detected case is promptly attacked with medication within 24 hours. \"If the patient does not come to the health centre, our health worker goes to his house to treat him,\" says Govenkar.All persons in the patient's vicinity are also tested and if more than one case is found, fogging is done in that area.The Candolim PHC has covered almost 90% of the 1597 wells by introducing anti-larval fish in the wells especially in the high-risk areas of Calangute and Candolim.Besides his staff, Dr Govenkar attributes the success of his centre to the support of health services director Rajnanda Desai and deputy director and programme officer (vector borne diseases) Dr Dipak Kabadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11594763", "title": "ND Tiwari hopeful of Congress return in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Two big room heaters burn brightly in the room where Narain Dutt Tiwari receives visitors. A huge double-bed on the one side overlooks a book shelf with an eclectic mix of works by economist Hernando de Soto, his hero Nehru, biography of Steve Jobs and numerous spiritual texts. At the other end sits a lonely Tiwari in his Gandhi topi, Nehru achkan and trademark cherubic smile, staring at a large flat screen television. He has been waiting for long but locating his bungalow in the inner recesses of the expansive Forest Research Institute campus has made Tiwari wait. He does not mind.A four-time chief minister of UP with another term in Uttarakhand, Tiwari does not shake hands wearing gloves. Quickly, a staff is summoned to remove the glove from his right hand. And then he shakes hands while sitting. It is a hand that must have been firm in the past. Past is something that the 87-year-old rightly anticipates every journalist to rake up. But Tiwari is not interested in digging up the past that continues to haunt him.Tiwari is exceptionally alert and active. \"Various herbal medicines keep me going,\" he says. He has just returned from a whirlwind campaign in the Terai belt in the Kumaon region. The weather is bogging him down but he is hopeful. \"Change is in the air. Congress is likely to come to power,\" he says but it lacks the conviction of a conventional politician. He lacks the bravado and confidence that politicians show at the time of hustings.Is it because Tiwari was sulking with the Congress for denying tickets to his chosen few. Ask him at the cost of Tiwari taking you through the history of Congress, from A O Hume to Indira Gandhi. He sets forth on how, as a 14-year-old, he was arrested and his father abandoned the job of head clerk to serve Congress and how long incarceration in British jails made him deaf in the left ear. \"I am ek kaan ka Surdas,\" he says, proud of his paraphrasing.Long years in public life has made Tiwari a marathon runner but in circles. Every query about the present is met with a tryst from the past. A query about corruption is answered with the history of ombudsman in Sweden and how it is needed. \"But there is a larger corruption, by multinational enterprises that cannot be checked by Indian law,\" he says, dismissing fears that Team Anna's tirade against corruption would have any impact on the poll outcome. But he is reverential towards Baba Ramdev, not forgetting to add guru every time the yoga teacher is mentioned. But why was Congress attacking Ramdev directly? \"I am not a Congressman who only makes allegations,\" he says.Ask him if he can still be a dark horse chief ministerial candidate if the Congress romps home and he gives the first categorical no in half-an-hour. Then who can be his successor? Should it be a leader from Uttarakhand serving at the Centre, the hint being his bete noire Harish Rawat. Tiwari turns a leaf from realpolitik. \"Annointing a successor leads to fights,\" he says, remembering a slogan from the Nehru-era. \"Aise, Aise, kaise, Kaise ho gaye; kaise, kaise, aise, aise ho gaye\" (Look how from no where some have become big; look how big have become nothing). He stays mum on his successor and Rawat. Wait for the result, he says.Tiwari admits he is lonely. All his contemporaries are gone. What keeps him going are books and 'vikas' (development). Reeling out all he did as chief minister more than five years ago, Tiwari says he keeps a close watch on technology, innovation, education and new development. \"I have nothing but books for company. Two houses that I have were allotted as ex-chief minister. Everyday I go out in the evening looking for some facet of development.\" Political visitors have come with a box of sweets and Tiwari is smiling. Autumn of the patriarch is not so lonely and cold.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596612", "title": "Two children die as bricks fall on them", "text": "PATNA: Two children, both brother and sister, who had jumped into a ditch filled with water to save themselves from an overturning truck laden with bricks, were crushed under a pile of bricks on a branch road at Jaganpura under Ram Krishna Nagar police station on Sunday.R K Nagar police station SHO R Dayal said a truck carrying bricks came on the side of a branch road at Jaganpura to allow another vehicle to overtake it. He said that one of the rear wheels of the truck was trapped in mud and the truck overturned.The SHO said that seeing the truck overturning, two children Gudia (10) and his brother Suraj (8) jumped into a ditch filled with water to save themselves. Dayal said that bricks from the truck fell in the ditch killing both the children. They are children of a local, Shankar Rai, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596581", "title": "SUVs first choice of criminals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If sports utility vehicles (SUVs) are becoming first choice of car lovers, it is also evident that they are being increasingly used in criminal activities in the city.Police records reveal that in a total 75 incidents, out of 110 of ruckus, thrashing, brawls and aggression at traffic nakas, the miscreants were in SUV cars and some of the vehicles were also seized in connection with various offences.The recent incidents which involved SUV, a black colour Scorpio was seized in the connection of the murder of 29-year-old Ireland returned youth Harminder Singh outside Aroma Eating Joint in Sector 22, on January 12. On the fateful night, a total eight assailants fled the spot after abandoning their SUV. Two days after the incident another SUV was seized when a tipsy driver rammed his vehicle into a police gypsy outside the same eating joint in Sector 22 on January 15.Police sources in modus-operandi branch (MOB) told TOI, \"High speed and the capacity of carrying several persons in these vehicles are the prime reasons behind the increase involvement of these vehicles in crime.\"Police sources maintained, \"Apart from brawls, assault incidents, involvement of SUV vehicles in hit-and-run cases is also very high as compared to ordinary vehicles.\"On September 23, 2011, more than a dozen youths smashed the backside of TAO Disco in Sector 26 and escaped in their SUV, a white colour Range Rover, from the spot.Later, the SUV was seized from the house of prime accused Amandeep Singh Gill in Mohali. Accused Gill is the son of a Mohali-based prominent builder.Though various SUVs of different models and brands have been seized, one common thing among all these vehicles is the registration of these in the name of VIP brats, NRIs and influential persons. Inder Singh, son of a senior Punjab cadre IFS officer, had created a scene and misbehaved with two traffic cops at a traffic naka at the dividing road of sectors 21 and 22 when his SUV was stopped for the offence of driving without seatbelt on December 26, 2011. The VIP brat was let off merely after slapping a traffic violation challan.January 12 | Scorpio seized in Harminder murder case January 15 | An SUV collides with a police control room vehicle in Sector 22 December 26 | SUV driving son of an IFS officer misbehaves with traffic cops November 2 | Three youths in a Bolero thrash an NRI in Sector 17 September 23 | Assailants in Range Rover damage Tao discotheque and injure a youth All SUVs involved in these instances were seized at different police stations and some have been released following the directions of various courts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595411", "title": "Soon, subsidy stores for essential items", "text": "HYDERABAD: Retail outlets that would sell essential commodities at subsidised prices are to soon come up in the state, D Sridhar Babu, the minister for Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, announced on Sunday. He said that these outlets will follow the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model.The minister was speaking at a seminar organised by the Confederation of Andhra Pradesh Consumers' Organisations (CAPCO) on \"Consumer Protection Act - 25 years' achievement\".Sridhar Babu said that, at a time of rising prices of essential commodities, these stores will help provide poor and middle-class citizens quality goods at a reasonable cost. The provisions at these stores will be bought directly from producers to reduce the expenses on middlemen.The minister added that 88% of the state's population was already benefitting from subsidies introduced by the government.Meanwhile, M Krishna Reddy, chairman, CAPCO said that although the consumer protection act was inked more than 25 years ago, it has not been effectively implemented.\"Consumers are being cheated everyday, be it while buying agricultural products, availing of financial services and entering real estate deals.\"The government should increase awareness on the consumer protection act,\" Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "sangam", "code": "11597380", "title": "Amavasya Snan: Watchtowers, CCTV cameras to keep vigil", "text": "SANGAM: With over 2 crore devotees are expected to take a holy dip at the Sangam on the occasion of Mauni Amavasya on Monday, administrative and police officials inspected the Magh Mela campus for security arrangements on Sunday.The entire mela area has been divided into five circles where 11 police stations, 31 police outposts and 10 fire stations have been set up. Besides, over 5,000 police personnel, including PAC and RAF companies, have been deployed.DIGSSP, Prakash D said, \"Apart from civil police and paramilitary forces, commandos and personnel of QRT (quick reaction teams) have been deployed. The entire area has been turned into a fort. Women police have been assigned special duties to protect the fair sex. The army has also pitched in to ensure security in the area.\"Further, more than 20 CCTVs and AUTODAM cameras have been installed to keep a close watch on visitors. A full-fledged control room has been set up with cops working around the clock to ensure safety and security of every visitor. The police this time have deployed companies of PAC on watchtowers erected at strategic points. Besides, private swimmers have also been hired for rescue operations.With a large number of devotees expected to turn up at the ghats, the Mela administration has set up nine 'ghats' on the river banks. These include Ramghat, Dandibara, Jhunsi, Dasaswamedh ghat, Arail ghat, Acharya Bara, Kali sadak-Mahavir Ji Marg Ghat and Mahavir Ji-Akshayvat Marg ghat.On Sunday itself, over 15 lakh pilgrims had already arrived at the Sangam. The hotels, inns and guesthouses in the city are booked to capacity. \"Adequate arrangements have been made for people coming from far-flung areas. Five pontoon bridges have also been constructed for the convenience of devotees,\" said a senior Mela official. Apart from two general hospitals, medicines would be available at primary first-aid clinics being set up at different spots. Besides, 30 ambulances have also been deployed in the Mela area.The police have also implemented traffic diversions for the 'snan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11597192", "title": "KNA wants Kuki census to justify council demand", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kuki National Assembly (KNA), the apex body of the community, on Sunday stressed on the need for a fresh census of the 'indigenous' Kuki population, which they claim stands at more than 35,000, in the Singhason hills to 'justify' the Kukis' demand for an autonomous council.Though many non-Kuki groups in Karbi Anglong have been questioning the Kukis' claim that they are present in such large numbers in the district, KNA is optimistic that the state government would respond positively to their demands, especially after three major Kuki outfits, Kuki Liberation Army (KLA), Kuki Revolutionary Army (KRA) and United Kuki Defense Army (UKDA) lay down their arms on January 24.On that day, nine militant groups including five Adivasi militant groups like Adivasi Cobra Militants of Assam, Birsa Commando Force, Santhal Tiger Force, Adivasi People's Army and Adivasi National Liberation Army, besides Hmar Peoples Convention, KLA, KRA and UKDA will lay down their arms at Sarusojai Stadium here in the presence of Union home minister P Chidambaram and chief minister Tarun Gogoi.\"The demand for a Kuki autonomous council has been pending for over a decade and a half. After several rounds of discussion with the state government and the home ministry we believe the laying down of arms is going to open up new possibilities. We hope a fresh population survey would be started after the surrender ceremony to verify the demand for an autonomous council,\" Thongthang Touthang, president of KNA, told TOI.KNA was pressing for a separate Kuki state since 1992; the demand later came down to an autonomous council in 1998. Then in 1999, the Kuki Revolutionary Army (KRA) was formed, allegedly with the help of the Isak-Muivah faction of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (NSCN-IM). The outfit's declared objective was the creation of the 'Kuki National Council' - an autonomous administrative council for the Kukis in Karbi Anglong.\"The government must be sincere and act on its promises as the Paresh Baruah-led Ulfa faction and many Manipur-based insurgent outfits are trying to lure the Kukis to join them,\" he added.Sources in the KRA camp said it has a strength of around 180 cadres with some 50 arms, including many sophisticated and handmade ones. Similarly, UKDA has 150 cadres with 40 weapons. However, both the camps said assembling all the cadres in the surrender ceremony would be a difficult task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596825", "title": "Reliance Energy to pay up for \u2018power-puffed\u2019 bill", "text": "MUMBAI: Most monopolistic companies display an indifferent or even a grossly uncaring attitude towards its customers, particularly more so when they know that the service they provide is so essential that it is indispensable to the consumer.Case studyRanjen Agrawal, who resided at Saki Naka in Mumbai, had an electric connection provided by Reliance Energy .On August 8, 2004, over and above the regular bill, the company issued an additional demand for Rs 35,022.16. According to Reliance, this additional demand was raised as Ranjen's wife was carrying out commercial activity by using the living room as a beauty parlour. The demand retrospectively covered a period of four years from January 2001 to May 2004.Ranjen complained about this demand to Reliance's grievance cell, which did not respond. He then approached the ombudsman, who rejected his claim on a technicality. Without addressing his grievance, his electric supply was disconnected without following the legal procedure of issuing a notice as required under section 171 of the Electricity Act.Ranjen filed a complaint before the consumer forum for the Mumbai suburban district. After hearing both the sides, the forum directed Reliance to pay Rs 50,000 to Ranjen as compensation.This order was challenged in appeal before the Maharashtra State Commission. Reliance argued that it was entitled to charge a commercial rate since a beauty parlour was being run in the living room. The company also claimed that since the bill was not paid, disconnection without notice was justified. Another technical plea was raised that Ranjen could not be said to be a consumer since the meter stood in the name of the builder from whom the flat had been originally purchased. Reliance also contended that the compensation awarded was excessively high.In a judgment dated November 15, 2011 delivered by Justice Mhase on behalf of the bench which included members Khanzode and Kawde, the commission observed that Ranjen was a beneficiary of the meter obtained by the builder for his use and that he was paying the electric bills for the energy.At the relevant time, the tariff for a commercial connection was Rs 4.40 per unit, which was ten paise more than the rate for a domestic connection. Even if a bill had to be raised at double the applicable rate, the amount would be Rs 4.50 per unit (i.e. Rs 4.40 being the actual tariff plus ten paise towards the difference between the tariffs). The period of such retrospective billing could only be for three months as per the law prevailing at that time. Yet the demand was illegally raised for a much higher amount of Rs 35,022.16.When Ranjen wanted to sell his flat, he was forced to pay not only this amount, but even interest and penalty thereon, totalling Rs 45,000. Passing strictures, the commission observed that Reliance could do so only because it was a monopolistic supplier and in a position to harass the consumer and make him succumb to pressure tactics to recover the amount.The commission noted that Ranjen had asked for the corrected electric bill, yet it was not provided. Accordingly, the commission held that the disconnecting supply for non-payment of a bill which had been illegally raised, and that too without giving notice as required under section 171 of the Electricity Act, reveals how the high-handed and arbitrary action of a monopolistic supply results in injustice to the consumer. Noting that Rs 45,000 had already been recovered from Ranjen, the commission held that the compensation of Rs 50,000 was reasonable. Accordingly, the commission dismissed Reliance's appeal and ordered it to pay a further amount of Rs 5,000 to Ranjen as costs.ImpactConsumers must check whether supplementary bills are properly computed instead of blindly paying up, succumbing to the might of the giant monopolistic service providers. Such unscrupulous exploitation of the consumer is totally unconscionable.(The author is a consumer activist and has won the govt. of India's National Youth Award for consumer protection. His email is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11595532", "title": "Domestic help drugs senior couple, flees with 1.5 lakh", "text": "INDORE: In a tragic incident, a domestic help allegedly poisoned a senior couple and decamped with Rs 1.5 lakh at Manishpuri extention here on Friday.Dr Alok Gupta and his wife Usha Gupta were alone at home when the incident took place late on Friday evening. The police suspect the role of Krishna, the servant hired by the couple four days ago, behind the incident as he is said to be absconding.The police informed that the couple was last attended by a maid at around 4.30 pm. Later, Sharak Gupta, the couple's son, found the duo unconscious when he returned home in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11597005", "title": "Man remanded till Tuesday for torching trucks", "text": "NASHIK: Sanjay Bane (24), accused of torching three trucks in Ambad, has been remanded to police custody till January 24. Bane had been arrested by the Ambad police for setting on fire the trucks early on January 16. The police said that Bane also faces two charges of house break-ins.The Eicher and two Tata 407s were set on fire between 11.30pm and 4.15am, the police said, and added that all the vehicles were partially damaged in the incident. The police acted on a complaint filed by Rajendra Ghuge, whose truck was among those damaged.They learned during investigations that Bane, who resided in Morwadi area of Cidco, where his in-laws also stay, had been missing ever since the incident. A day before, he had an argument with Ghuge over a six-year-old issue. The police arrested Bane from his native place near Malegaon.The suspect confessed to the crime when he was being questioned by the police. Investigating officer Gavhane of the Ambad police said he is a labourer and also drove trucks. Gavhane said that in 2004-05, Bane was tied up by residents of Morwadi as he had teased a girl. The residents were also hassled as he had repeated altercations with other residents, under the influence of alcohol.Ever since he was tied up, the accused was angry with some people who had taken the lead in the incident. The accused consumed alcohol and got into an argument with Rajendra Ghuge's brother, Pintu, on January 15. Ghuge had taken up the lead in tying him up six years back.After the altercation with Pintu, the accused went home and fought with his wife, as she scolded him for not working.Furious over this, the accused took a matchbox with him and left home at 3am. Seeing Ghuge's truck parked in the area, he set it ablaze, when two other trucks owned by Sopan Sanap and Rajendra Alghat also caught fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11600448", "title": "JLF: The Journey of Jazz - How Jazz came to Bollywood", "text": "JAIPUR: Gore Gore O Baanke Chhore a song we're all familiar with, tapping our feet and twirling to every saxophone refrain - got its distinct jazzy sound from someone called 'Chic Chocolate'(Antonio Xavier Vas) - a jazz musician who was hot property in the Bombay of the 1930s. That's news to you? Then the fact that Anthony Gonsalves of the song from the 1977 film Amar Akbar Anthony was named after a jazz musician would be news as well.There were more such nuggets of information as Naresh Fernandes spoke about the long and fascinating journey that jazz undertook to come from New Orleans to the hotels of Bombay, and finally into Hindi films. Naresh Fernandes, a Mumbai-based scribe and the consulting editor of a leading magazine with international editions, has painstakingly traced the journey and put it all together in his new book - \"Taj Mahal Foxtrot\".In a nifty presentation full of music clips and old, rare pictures of Indian musicians, he spoke about how Jazz first came to Bombay in the early 1920s, thrived in the 1930s with the Taj Mahal hotel being the epicenter of all things jazz - providing its elite patrons the \"latest\" from around the world. Musicians like Leon Abbey, Teddy Weatherford, Mickey Correa and Crickett Smith defined the jazz scene in the maximum city.\"After the partition, swing musicians ended up in parts of Pakistani Punjab. Prohibition in Bombay led to hotels losing business. That's when Bollywood steps in,\" he said at his session, the last of the evening on Sunday evening at the Jaipur Literature Festival. And soon, in the 50s, it was one of the most defining sounds of Hindi film music, prime example being the film Albela - with songs like Shola Jo Bhadke.Jazz had a special place in the Hindustani Classical-influenced, heavy on melody Bollywood music of the 50s. Many of these jazz and swing musicians, Fernandes pointed out, worked primarily as assistants to the bigger music directors. Once the music director was done drafting the melody, they would arrange the bridge and the interludes. That car chase sequence that had you on the edge of your seat? That probably came from someone who once played at the Taj rooftop too. \"Indian music is melodic. Western music is harmonic. For effective screen music, it had to be harmonic, group music,\" said Fernandes.In his presentation, Fernandes not only played clips from obscure films like the Bhagwan and Dara Singh starrer \"Tarzan Goes to Delhi\" (which had a Jazz saxophone solo for background score) but also played music which he could, after painstaking search could only find in a Finnish antique shop. \"It took me eight years to complete this book. It's the lazy Goan gene in me,\" he joked.Asked about the future of Jazz in Indian cinema, he said, \"Jazz doesn't have a place in mainstream cinema, and it shouldn't. It came in when it became popular and we should be glad it existed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11596116", "title": "Shivni leopardess died in a fight", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Autopsy of the carcass of the leopardess which was found in Shivni forest range on Sunday revealed that the sub-adult beast died in a fight with some adult predator. The veterinary doctor discovered several injury marks on the body which proved that the animal died in a bitter battle.Carcass of sub-adult female leopard was discovered on Saturday evening near Guymukh temple close to Singadzari village in Shivni forest range. The carcass was kept at Shivni range officer and livestock development officer from Navargaon carried out post mortem on Sunday morning. \"The veterinary doctor's report pointed to heavy internal haemorrhage due to strong assault. Moreover five injury marks, one each on neck, thigh and tail and two on the back too have been detected on the carcass. It suggests that the leopardess had a fight with an adult tiger or leopard,\" said Shivni range forest officer ND Jadhav.Senior forest officers including DCF P Kalyankumar and ACF RT Dhabekar were present during the post-mortem formalities. Veterinary doctor has sent some samples of viscera to forensic lab for verification of cause of death. The carcass of the leopardess was later burnt in Shivni forest colony area in the presence of witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594882", "title": "Birders seek holistic conservation approach", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 2nd Global Bird Watchers Conference concluded at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar on Sunday with the delegates sharing field trips experience, both on and off the dais.While ornithologist David Harper spoke about his connection with Gujarat and his fondness for lesser flamingo, editor of a birding magazine Ted Floyd presented the field of natural studies and changing roles of bird watching today. He talked about how bird watching and eco-tourism can incorporate conservation models.Not surprisingly, most of the presentations hovered around conservation as main topic. The discussion continued during tea breaks too, where many birders and nature lovers shared ideas employed in their hometowns as steps towards conservation.Travel writer from Malayasia Pamela Lim suggested, \"Bird life in Gujarat is amazing and should be protected. And while doing so, it is important to see that it involves and helps the local community. It should be holistic planning, rather than piecemeal approach.\"Gondia Nisarg Mandal's Bharat Jasani from Nagpur in Maharashtra, spoke about the measures his NGO took to conserve Sarus Crane. \"We generate awareness through gramsabhas, along with foresters at the grassroots,\" said Jasnani. \"Also people are felicitated and monetary awards given away, along with sarus trophies and T-shirts. Consequently conserving birds is a matter of pride among villagers today.\"Founder of Wild Bird Club of Philipines Micheal Lu said, \"The news about poaching is sad. Back home, we too are fighting similar evil that exists despite strict laws against hunting.\" He said that their club initiated student field trips.Such student education trips are already a norm in Karnataka, said Nipun Mahate, a tour operator and owner of Jungles Resort in that state. \"Environmental trips are compulsory for secondary school students. This sensitizes the younger generation towards the beings with whom we share the planet,\" he said.In addition, an environmental scientist Rajendra Karende said that at urban level, trees that invite nesting can be planted, rather than ones that just suit aesthetic purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11597780", "title": "His house is a museum of prized ancient treasures", "text": "LUDHIANA: A tour through businessman Narinderpal Singh Panesar's house in Gandhi Colony can feel much like going around a museum. Each room has on display some old treasure that makes the jaws drop. There are over 50,000 coins of ancient civilisations, 50 manuscripts, a large number of weapons, 100 international stamps and cameras of which some things are as old as 600 BC. He also has some rarest of rare conches and fossils that he claims are as old as 14 crore years old.The collection started when Panesar, now 40, was only 13 years old. \"My first treasures were some coins of British India that my grandfather had. Now, I have such a collection that I want to set up my own museum for people to see and enjoy what I have,'' he said. Sharing details of his collection, Panesar said he has a large number of punched coins ranging from ancient, mediaeval, Mughal and British India periods. \"I have coins from all the dynasties of Punjab including Maharaja Ranjit Singh, Patiala, Nabha, Kaithal, Jind and Malerkotla. I also have some misprinted coins that are from 500 years ago till now,'' he said.Then he bring out the 100-odd international stamps in his collection. \"They are all related to Sikhism and the oldest one was released in 1935 on silver jubilee ceremony of George V at Golden Temple. I also have a stamp issued by Pakistan in 2008 on the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev,'' said Panesar, adding that they are made of gold, silver, silk and khadi and some are perfumed too.The scrolls in his possession are written in Gurmukhi, Sanskrit, Persian and Arabic on Hinduism, Sikhism and Islam and Panesar claims that they are not available with anyone in the country. The oldest manuscript - Adhyatma Prakash Granth - is as old as Vikrami Samvat 1726 (1668 AD).\"The most interesting thing is that some of the Hindu manuscripts written in Gurmukhi script include Gita, Ramayana and Hanuman Natak,'' he said.But, that's not all. Narinderpal Singh Panesar's has 10,000 matchboxes and matchbox labels from all over the world and paintings including Mughal miniature paintings, Sikh school, Pahari school, Kishangarh school and East India company school paintings. Then there are swords, daggers, katars and arrows of Mughal period alongwith still and video cameras. \"The oldest camera I have is a 1937 Kodak movie camera that works with a key,'' he said.Ask him the big question of how he managed to have such a large and varied collection and Panesar smiles. \"Wherever I go, I either buy coins at auctions or from scrap dealers or jewellers. I am trying to build my own museum on the ground floor of my house since the government has been of little help. I have contacted architects for the purpose,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "11596272", "title": "Mini marathon gets good response", "text": "PALANPUR: At least 2,000 people, including senior citizens, took part in a 10 km long mini marathon organized by Banaskantha District Kelvni Mandal in co-ordination with local NGOs here on Sunday.The race had five divisions-10 km ,5 km, 3 km, 1 Km and a special section for physically challenged people. There were 21 disabled participants and each one of them was given a cash prize of Rs 500.Among some eminent people who took part in the marathon were president of Nagar Seva Sadan Harshaben Maheshwri, president of Banaskantha District Kelvin Mandal SM Modi and Satyavatiben Zaveri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596274", "title": "\u2018Exotic\u2019 veggies now staple fare", "text": "KOLKATA: Have you been wondering how broccoli, lettuce, Chinese cabbage (bok choy or pak choi), red cabbages, cherry tomatoes and Brussels sprouts are now cheaper in the markets than they used to be? That's because West Bengal has been growing these vegetables for several years and has started doing pretty well in it now.In fact, the state is now on its way to becoming self reliant in these vegetables. So, these are now being brought in smaller quantities from places like Karnataka and Delhi and the supply in local markets is also increasing.The growth in Bengal has been impressive: 100% in the past one year, with Amdanga and Habra areas in North 24-Parganas producing 40 metric tonnes of such vegetables this year. It used to be 20 metric tonnes even a year ago. The growth throughout the state has been 100% as well, said P K Pramanik, director, horticulture.So, the supply has been growing steadily to five-star hotels , restaurants, clubs, catering services, supermarkets and even to local markets, thanks to people's tastes and preferences becoming different and the shift towards these vegetables - never traditionally grown in abundance in Bengal - for everyday consumption becoming very apparent.The Centre has been assisting these farmers, too. Under the National Vegetable Initiative - introduced this year - Rs 7.69 crore has been released to farmers in Bengal over the past six months. The objective of the project is to maintain a steady supply of \"high value vegetables\" to the metropolis. Kolkata is one of the metros in the country chosen for the project and farmers of seven districts surrounding the city - North 24-Parganas, South 24-Parganas, Nadia, Howrah, Hooghly, East Midnapore and Murshidabad - have been chosen.\"There has been a shift towards high value vegetables throughout the country - which use shed houses or poly houses for production. The investment cost is higher than traditionally grown vegetables, but then, even returns are higher,\" Pramanik said. These vegetables, sensitive as they are, require special storage facilities and the government provides 50% subsidy for constructing sheds and structures. Moreover, the sheds help growing the vegetables without blemish and therefore brings better price.According to Paban Bag, a grower in North 24-Parganas, the market has grown in the past few years, even as he has been producing these vegetables for the past 16 years now. \"Now, many more growers are coming into this trade, as they bring good income, and the demand from hotels, restaurants and markets have kept increasing,\" Bag said.Farmers at their end sell broccoli at Rs 8 to Rs 10 per piece, and while it is available at Rs 20 to 35 or even higher (depending on size/number of florets and the market where one is purchasing it), even a couple of years ago these would not be easily available and even cost as much as Rs 60 to Rs 65 a piece.Farmers sell red cabbage at Rs 20 per kg, cherry tomatoes between Rs 40 and Rs 50 per kg, lettuce between Rs 35 and Rs 40 per kg (depending on the quality and there are different kinds), at the markets and malls they would be available at Rs 15 to Rs 25 more per kg. But some years ago, these vegetables would rarely be found at the local markets and when available, would be exorbitantly priced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595720", "title": "Delhi jats \u2018well off\u2019, fail to make the cut in OBC list", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country's backward classes panel has dismissed the claim for inclusion of Delhi Jats in the central list of OBCs, finding the community socially, educationally and financially advanced.The decision, made a few months ago but kept under wraps, could negatively impact the fresh Congress bid to put Jats in the central list, a promise made with an eye on community votes in western UP in the coming elections.The National Commission of Backward Classes recently cited the findings of a \"research study on Jat community in Delhi\" done in 2005 to reject the petition. The issue has since been returned to the Union social justice ministry.The study by Indian Institute of Public Administration may strengthen critics of Congress's move to promise backward status to Jats. The party publicly backed the demand after Ajit Singh's RLD joined the UPA recently, eager as they appeared to mobilize the resourceful social group in their battle for Lucknow.The Delhi-specific study could influence the survey that NCBC ordered last week to examine the claim for inclusion of Jats in the central list. The survey is likely to span across western UP, Haryana, Delhi and Rajasthan to probe the community's socio-economic status. The Centre agreed to revisit the issue after an agitation last year.The Delhi case, however, could be a dampener for the future survey. The IIPA study found the community, concentrated in north, north-west, south, south-west and west districts of Delhi, to be doing well, with high literacy rates and good income levels. But because of higher engagement with agriculture in north, north-west and south-west, Jats suffer from poor infrastructure.Their social status appeared at par with \"forward castes\", with overwhelming sections saying they were treated well by Brahmins and Kshatriyas. According to the study, half of the community said they were treated well by upper castes, and felt closer to Kshatriyas, while another 20% said there was no social discrimination. Around 30%, however, felt the social stigma of inferiority.The literacy rate was found to be impressively high at 85.7%, with male and female literacy standing at 92% and 78%. This is higher than the literacy rate among the general population of 83.7%. Only in south-west district did the community's literacy rate fall below the general population. However, the level of education was found to be low and the dropout rate high.The economic condition was found to be \"fairly good\", with incomes in south district being \"very good\" in view of the community's high engagement in business. The per capita monthly income was found to be a little over Rs 5,000 in rural areas and above Rs 8,000 in urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596663", "title": "4 retired employees to contest election", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four retired government employee and professionals would be contesting assembly election from different constituencies of Lucknow. These retired employees, under the aegis of Lok Karamchari Morcha, will contest assembly elections as independent candidate.The Morcha, last month, had announced that it will field candidates in all nine assembly constituencies of Lucknow, besides at least one in all other districts of the state. While Sudama Tripathi, a retired sales tax officer, will contest from Bakshi-Ka-Talab constituency, Kamlakant Trivedi, a retired government teacher will try his luck from Lucknow central. Likewise, advocate Indu Singh and Uma Shankar Mishra, who is from Hind Mazdoor Sabha, will contest from Lucknow east and Lucknow Cantonment respectively. With this, the tally of candidates from Lok Karamchari Morcha has gone up to seven - one candidate each from Obra, Ghazipur and Karkhana Rampur.At the same time, the morcha has extended its support to bureaucrat turned politician, Hardev Singh, who is contesting from Etmadpur constituency in Agra as Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) candidate. Singh is also the state president of the RLD.Speaking to TOI, Shailendra Dubey, secretary general of All India Power Engineers Association, which is also a constituent of the morcha, said that the objective to field candidates is to provide people an option from political parties which are 'more-or-less corrupt'. \"But, at the same time, we are with the candidates, who are upright and honest,\" Dubey said. The LKM essentially comprise over a dozen employees' associations from different sectors including power, banks, Railways and other state government departments like education and health. The morcha claims to have a backing nearly 17 lakh employees, a number which could be large enough to drift a large chunk of votes from other political parties.Morcha members said that Lucknow witnesses a turnout of 42%, which could be significant.Significantly, the employees' associations had been marred with fragmentation within their structure.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594752", "title": "Theft suspects help police solve 8-yr-old murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A murder committed eight years ago has come back to haunt a woman and her lover in Mehsana.The crime came to light when Ramol police arrested two on theft charges on Saturday. According to Ramol police, they got a tip-off that Salim Khan Pathan, 47, a resident of Ambika Mill, Gomtipur, and Pappu Rajput, 35, a resident of Bhaipura, Amraiwadi, two history-sheeters, were passing by CTM area.Suspecting them of involvement in a theft, they were apprehended. During their questioning, police got to know that they had killed a Mehsana-based trader after receiving 'supari' from a woman and her lover eight years ago.\"During questioning, we got to know that the duo was involved in the murder of Govind Patel, a resident of Maknaj village in Mehsana. Patel, a trader, was abducted and taken to Vishalpur and strangled. His body was then thrown into a well not in use. The body was found a month after the incident in 2004. There were no traces of the assailants or even how the incident took place. The duo said that they were paid Rs 60,000 to do the job,\" said a Ramol police official.According to the duo's statement, they were paid by Patel's wife Sangeeta and her lover Dashrath Patel, a close relative. As Govind had been suspicious of their affair, the duo decided to eliminate him and contracted Khan and Rajput for the job. The duo abducted him from Mehsana and took him to Vishalpur near Aslali and killed him.\"We have handed over the accused to Aslali police for further investigation,\" said a Ramol police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "11595825", "title": "SEMCOM to organize management conclave", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Vallabh Vidyanagar-based SEMCOM is organizing the Global Gujarat Management Conclave 2012 between January 24 and January 27 at its campus. The theme of the conclave is \"Business without boundaries - opportunities@business.com\".The first day of the conclave will be an e-biz summit wherein well-known blogger Kiruba Shankar will deliver a key-note address. The topics of the summit will be social networking, mobile technology, information security, IT platforms among others.On the second day of the conclave, which will be based on research and teaching innovation, teachers will present their works. On the same day, the college will host a unique ad-making show wherein 30 groups will be competing on best television commercial. Students have prepared television commercials with ad-shooting, copy righting and scripts.Conclave's third day will be organised as 'technofest' for students wherein events like web designing, shell scripting, systems design, programming among others will be organised. The college will felicitate a student who has done his summer/winter training with excellence with the best corporate training award.On the last day of the conclave 15 best business ideas will be tested on a platform in the form of public presentations and three best ideas will be presented cash award of Rs 25,000 each.\"When the corporate world is witnessing a challenging time such deliberations will enhance understanding among students as well as the industry to get better ideas from the competitive response from the young minds,\" SEMCOM's director Nikhil Zaveri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11596594", "title": "NRHM probe: CBI to study CAG report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will take into consideration the CAG report on National Rural Health Mission fund implementation in Uttar Pradesh, which has pegged the irregularities to be around Rs 5,000 crore, and is likely to register some more preliminary enquiries (PEs). Agency sources said detailed analysis by the country's auditor will be helpful in ascertaining further losses to the exchequer.Based on the observations by Comptroller and Auditor General, the CBI will dig deep to probe whether any criminality was involved in the alleged irregularities, sources said. However, it is not necessary that all observations by the auditor will be converted into CBI cases, they said. The officials are awaiting the report which has been submitted to the UP governor.The CBI has registered eight cases in connection with the alleged irregularities and also arrested eight persons so far. The agency is likely to call on Monday some senior officials of UP for questioning. Sources said that next week some more high-profile arrests could be made.The CAG has found anomalies in spending of around Rs 5,000 crore under the scheme in about two dozen districts of UP. The state health department failed to give proper details of spending to the tune of Rs 5,000 crore of the Rs 8,657 crore given to UP, highly placed sources in the state government said.The probe was carried out on the request of the UP chief secretary in August, 2011 amid mounting pressure for a CBI inquiry into the scam. The issue came to light following the murder of two CMOs, Dr V K Arya in 2010 and Dr B P Singh in 2011 and deputy CMO Y S Sachan was found dead under mysterious circumstances in the district jail in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11597498", "title": "10,500 memory cards seized", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The customs and intelligence officials on Wedneday night seized 10,500 memory cards from a passenger at the Thiruvananthapuram international airport.The passenger has been identified as R Murugan, a native of Paramakudi, near Ramanathapuram in Tamil Nadu. The officials arrested Murugan after the security check. Cards of 2GB capacity were kept in eight small polythene bags. Each bag was packed in separate bags and concealed inside two elastic bands which he wore around his knees. The cards seized are worth Rs 31.5 lakhs, officials said. They said that Murugan was a carrier and part of a big smuggling racket.Murugan was taken to the economic offence court in Kochi on Thursday. He was arrested by a team comprising of additional commissioner P C Raja Das, assistant commissioners S Sivaprasad and V P Omkumar and intelligence officers M Suresh Kumar, Jyothirmoy, M P Udayakumar, S S Potty and Ancy Joyichan.Last week customs officials had seized gold ornaments worth Rs 14 lakh from a passenger hailing from Kasargod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596413", "title": "EC, candidates gear up for first phase of UP election", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Monday being the last day for candidates to withdraw their nominations for the first phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly election, the election commission has almost finalised the list of candidates in the 55 constituencies going to polls. Till Saturday, 928 candidates were left in the fray, after the Election Commission rejected the nominations filed by 61 candidates during the scrutiny process, while an additional 11 withdrew their candidature from the electoral fray.Barring a few independents, who pulled out of the election race, representatives of major political parties stuck to their guns, preparing to move into fourth gear to campaign for the poll process. As many as 1,017 nominations were filed for the first phase of polling, which is to be held on February 8 in the state. Prominent candidates whose nominations papers were rejected include BSP's Sadiya Khatun from Bikapur seat in Faizabad and Samajwadi Party's Indusen, also from the same constituency.Nominations of Jamuna of BSP for Rudauli seat and Ramesh Chakravarti of BJP for Mahadewa were also rejected. Four candidates of Trinamool Congress making debut in the UP assembly election were also rejected in Balrampur's Tulsipur constituency, along with Ram Nagar in Barabanki and Katehari and Alapur in Ambedkar Nagar. After the withdrawal of nomination papers on Sunday, the total number of candidates in the first phase is likely to be little over 900.Among key contestants whose political careers will be at stake in the first phase of polling include political heirs of senior Congress leaders Beni Prasad Verma and Jagdambika Pal. While Verma's son Rakesh will contest from Barabanki's Dariyabad constituency, first timer Abhishek Pal will test political waters from Basti Sadar. In Gonda's Colonelganj, Bharatiya Janata Party's Virendra Kumar Goswami and Raghavendra Pratap Singh in Domariyaganj will also test their fates. Among other candidates in the fray are BSP's Sangram Singh from Barabanki and Vinod Tripathi from Shrawasti. Samajwadi Party's Mohammed Ramzan will battle it out against Tripathi in Shrawasti, while SP's Dharmaraj Singh will challenge Sangram Singh in Barabanki.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596641", "title": "Seminar on genomics concludes", "text": "PATNA: Shivanand Bhushan of Manipal College of Allied Health Sciences, Manipal University, was awarded the first prize for his oral presentation, 'Safety Management of Hazardous Radioactive Chemical Materials to Protect Human Health and Environment: Insight into Regulatory Framework of Current UGC Guidelines', on second day and concluding day of a national seminar, Genomics-2012, organized by the Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Research Centre.Director (academics), MCI , New Delhi, M Rajalakshmi delivered a talk on 'Importance of Genomics in Health and Family Welfare'. Senior scientist, department of science and technology, Government of India, Ravindra Gaur promised to provide financial support to the different organizations and universities of Bihar.The technical session started with lectures by senior scientist, Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow, Dr R K Singh on 'Role of Epigenetic Factors in Myeloid Leukemia' and senior scientist, CCMB, Hyderabad, Dr Ajay Gaur on 'Genomics for the Conservation of Endangered Species'. Dr B K Singh, ICMR, delivered lecture on 'The Ill Effects of Environmental Pollution on Reproductive Health and Beyond' while Dr Prashant Jha of Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, spoke on 'Application of Bioengineering Principles for Developing In-Vitro Tumor Models and Toolkit for Personalized Chemotherapy'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595256", "title": "Wedding shots spill blood", "text": "NEW DELHI: Celebratory gunshots at a wedding killed one person in Swaroop Nagar, northwest Delhi, on Saturday. The victim was the groom's friend.Ranbir Singh (30) was part of the baraat and was dancing along with others. Someone in the crowd, who seemed to be inebriated, whipped out a gun and fired in the air. \"Initially, we thought it was the sound of crackers. But then there was chaos as a person fell down screaming. Others realized he had been shot only when they saw him bleed. Singh was put in a vehicle and rushed to a nearby hospital,\" said an eyewitness on condition of anonymity.But Singh didn't make it alive to the hospital.\"We received a call about the incident around 10.30pm and rushed to the spot. We are questioning several persons in this regard as the accused fled the spot in the melee. We have got some leads and will be able to arrest the accused at the earliest. The body has been sent for postmortem after which it will be handed over to the family,\" said a senior police officer.Singh was a resident of Tajpur village in outer Delhi and the only breadwinner for his family. He is survived by his wife and two daughters. \"I don't know what happened. People say they suddenly heard a gunshot very near to where my brother was standing and he collapsed. They were screaming two names of Deepu and Monu and saying that they have ran from there. Police should nab them at the earliest,\" said Karmbeer Singh.Celebratory gunfire has claimed several lives in the city. About a month ago, two drunk youths had fired at a wedding in west Delhi, killing a nine-year-old boy. Cops had recovered several empty cartridges from the spot, and eyewitnesses had claimed more than 50 shots were fired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11603517", "title": "Shoe hurled at Rahul Gandhi in Dehradun, 1 held", "text": "DEHRADUN: A shoe was hurled towards Rahul Gandhi by a youth while he was addressing an election rally near here, barely two days after a similar incident with members of Team Anna here.The shoe fell 10 meters short of the Congress general secretary, Dehradun SSP G N Goswami said.The youth, identified as Kuldip, was immediately taken into custody, Goswami said adding he was being interrogated.As the security personnel and Congress supporters grabbed Kuldip, Rahul was heard saying \"don't hit him\".The shoe-hurling incident on Gandhi came two days after a similar attack on Team Anna here. A man identified as Kishan Lal had hurled a shoe when members of Team Anna, including Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi, were addressing a public meeting.Earlier, addressing a series of political rallies, Rahul attacked the BJP over the corruption issue.In Rishikesh, in a bid to puncture the ruling BJP's pro-Khanduri campaign, he asked why the current chief minister was removed in his earlier stint if he is so badly needed now.\"BJP may need Khanduriji but people of the state don't need him, they need development. I want to ask BJP if he (Khanduri) is so badly needed then why he was removed (in 2009),\" asked Gandhi addressing an election rally here.As he began his second leg of the poll campaign in the hill state where assembly elections are due on January 30, Gandhi also attacked BJP for adopting double standards on the issue of corruption.Assembly elections 2012 newsUttarakhand assembly elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11596560", "title": "300 dogs walk on big stage", "text": "Braving the bone chilling cold, thousands of Tricity residents reached to get a glimpse of canines at Sector-10 based Leisure Valley on Sunday, where 300 dogs of 45 breeds walked the ramp at the northern India's largest dog show.The show was organized by Chandigarh Kennel Club (CKC) under the aegis of Kennel Club of India (KCI).Among 45 breeds of canines that walked on the ramp during the show were saint bernard, beagle, chow-chow, rottweiler , German shepherd , newfoundland, lhasa apso , great dane , English mastiff, cocker spaniel, chihuahua, pug, labrador, boxer, pit bull, dachshund smooth hair, English pointer, dalmatian, shih tzu and golden retriever. However, Shettland sheep dog, akitas, kerry blue and Afghan hound that were expected to arrive from Chennai and Bengalore could not arrive despite their entries in the show.One of the organizers, Colonel (retd) M G S Khurana of Chandigarh Kennel Club stated that despite cold weather, they received huge response as around 15,000 visitors especially youngsters and families thronged the show. The show was judged by two Australian ladies, Linda Buckley and Louise Dorr Austara, and Sharat Sharma of India.The centre of attraction at the show were giant saint bernards, Tibetan mastiff (also known as gaddi), English mastiff, rare black chow-chow and the toy dog chihuahua.Chandigarh SSP Naunihal Singh gave away prizes to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601229", "title": "I don\u2019t miss the ramp: Mugdha Godse", "text": "She may have played fashion model to perfection in Madhur Bhandarkar's Fashion, but Mugdha Godse who is concentrating on her B-town career these days, says that her modeling days are behind her.She says, \"I've moved on and moved ahead. Yes, my stint as a ramp model was fabulous and I loved every bit of it. However, I am now enjoying doing films. So, very simply put - I don't miss the ramp anymore! Moreover, I do get to walk the ramp as a showstopper for a few designers, so it's not like I am not seen on the ramp at all! Acting as a career option is very challenging and has no end!\"Unlike modeling, you ask her? Thinking for a bit, she says, \"Modelling too can be done for long, if you remain fit and take care of your body. Look at some of the ramp models we have today, they've been at this job for years. But, in terms of challenge, I find that the acting profession gives me more of them.\"All set for her next release Gali Gali Chor Hai with Akshaye Khanna, Mugdha says, \"I also have Oh God Saare Fraud and Will You Marry Me that I am currently shooting. Then I will start my shooting for my debut Marathi film, which will be the remake of the Hindi film Laadla, which had Sridevi in the lead role. I'll be essaying her part.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11594851", "title": "i-Pad stolen from MP\u2019s residence", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Apple i-Pad was stolen from the house of a Rajya Sabha MP on Saturday while he was supervising construction work in his backyard. The victim, Ambeth Rajan, lives in North Avenue.The incident took place around 11am. \"I used the i-Pad around 10am to send an email and then went to the backyard for half an hour to oversee some construction work. When I came back the i-Pad was missing,\" the victim said.The MP has alleged that some public works officials came to his residence in connection with the repair work, and one of the staffers as well as a driver were present in the house when the incident took place. The i-Pad had been issued by Rajya Sabha Secretariat, the MP told cops. The cops have registered a case and are investigating the matter on priority.In October last year, burglars struck at the residence of Congress MP Manikrao Gavit from Maharashtra and stole bathroom fittings. The incident took place in Lutyens' Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597305", "title": "Braving the chill, for a cause pedalling to save lifeline", "text": "Dot at 7am on a chilly Sunday, St Stephen's College was abuzz with activity. However, most of the over 600 people who had gathered there with their bicycles were not students. Several foreign nationals, members of Delhi's cycling clubs, nature enthusiasts, schoolchildren, foodies and teachers had gathered for a 22-km cyclothon that had been organized to raise awareness about the River Yamuna.A large part of the cycle rally route ran along the river and many participants had their first encounter with the river at Wazirabad, a point when it is still not completely sullied by the city's filth.\"The Yamuna is a dead river, its waters immensely polluted. The Yamuna Cyclothon is an attempt to highlight the changes it undergoes through its journey across the capital. It is important for Delhiites to take responsibility for the state the Yamuna is in right now,\" said Vimlendu Jha, co-founder of Swechha, We for Yamuna which organized the cycle rally to track the river's conversion from a relatively clean flow of water to a narrow stream of sewage.Cause-worthyPeople turned up to do their bit for the river cycle marathon, probably the largest seen in Delhi in the recent past, wound its way across heavy traffic through Civil Lines and the Wazirabad Road before hitting the old Railway bridge.Cyclists took a U-turn from there and cycled back through the Ridge. \"The cyclothon serves two purposes. First of all it is our endeavour to take people to the river and have them connect to this natural heritage. A substantial part of our 22km cycling stretch will be along the river, starting from Wazirabad to the Loha Pul. The second purpose of this project of course is to promote cycling among people, especially in a city like Delhi,\" added Jha.However, those who turned up definitely did not need any further motivation to cycle. Girish Gandhi, a businessman turned up with his son from Ashok Nagar because he \"loves cycling \" and wanted to do his bit for the Yamuna. \"The government has done a lot for the river but unfortunately there are no results to prove that. If cycling draws attention to the plight of the river, I am more than happy cycling for it,\" he said.Arnav Agarwal, a 10-year-old who turned up accompanied by his equally enthusiastic father, said he loved cycling and was glad to be able to raise awareness about the river. \"I love cycling and am hoping this morning will be a lot of fun,\" he beamed.Swechha reported that 350 people had officially registered for the rally but 100 volunteers, including foreign nationals who are working with the NGO and about 150 cycling club members joined in the cyclothon. Of the registered participants, 150 rode on bikes especially organized by Hero Cycles, co-organisers of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594947", "title": "2012 bird census kickstarts in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All eyes are on 2012 bird census which began on Sunday.According to the previous count in 2008, the number of migratory birds in Ahmedabad fell 37 per cent, while the state recorded an increase of 46 per cent. These were the findings of a bi-annual census carried out by the forest department in 2008.The number of wetlands with the presence of birds had also gone down to 100 in 2008 from 123 in 2006 in Ahmedabad. The census, however, will not cover the coast.Uday Vora, principal of the Gujarat Forest Ranger's College, said training for staff and enumerators was conducted on Tuesday through satellite communication and it was decided that the census will commence on January 22. The census would continue till February 5. Vora said it would take nearly three months to compile the data.Sources in the department said that in 2006, the bird count - excluding Nalsarovar and Thol - was 45,049 and it came down to around 28,755 in 2008. Sources said Kutch lost over 50 wetland sites, but the number of birds had increased because of the flamingo city and other places that were witnessing good presence of birds in Kutch.Officials said in 2004, only 1,192 wetlands were found to have been frequented by migratory birds, but the number increased to 1,454 in 2006 and two years later it jumped to 2,355. The overall count in 2008 registered a tremendous increase as compared to 2006 when the count was 13.32 lakh, which increased to 19.47 lakh, 46 per cent rise as compared to 2006.In 2006, it was observed that check dams and small village ponds see arrival of migratory birds, officials added. They said the 2010 count not be taken up as the officials were busy with the lion census in May 2010.The 2012 count would be important as this would reveal the actual number of sites and the count. This year, there is more water in Nalsarovar so it is expected that the number of birds in nearby wetlands would be more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595698", "title": "PAC steps up heat on AI\u2019s fleet purchase", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament's Public Accounts Committee is stepping up its probe into Air India's controversial fleet acquisition programme and has called for details regarding the rationale and selection of Boeing and Airbus aircraft.The committee, which is examining the Comptroller and Auditor General's critical report on AI's merger with Indian Airlines and its aircraft acquisition programme that has run up a massive debt, has asked civil aviation ministry for relevant documents.Civil aviation ministry brass has faced some tough questions from PAC chair M M Joshi who found the responses of officials \"unconvincing\" at recent meetings of the committee. Joshi has now called for official records on both merger and acquisition.The ministry is understood to have dragged its feet in delivering the initial background information asked for by the committee leading to some members feeling that they were not in a position to pose relevant queries.Joshi, who has faced resistance from Congress members in the past over the committee's deliberations on 2G licences, called a meeting at short notice on January 19. Some members felt that the BJP leader tended to monopolise proceedings and wanted to make themselves heard.The mega aircraft order comprising 43 Airbus for Indian Airlines and 68 for Air India has been criticised as an overreach that plunged the merged AI deep into the red although the government has argued that acquisition was needed to replace an aging fleet and keep the national carrier competitive.PAC is now engaged in two sensitive probes with the committee also looking at CAG's report on the KG basin gas matter where senior oil ministry officials have admitted that enforcing contract clauses that call for the operator to return 25% of the field to the government will mean retendering the deal -- an unviable prospect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "11595597", "title": "2 die in mishaps", "text": "HASSAN: A person was killed in two bike collisions at Kumbarahalli Lake, Channarayapatna taluk here on Saturday. Chikkegowda, 49, of Maruvalli village, Channrayapatna taluk, collided with another bike which was coming from opposite direction when he was going to his daughter's house to perform a pooja. He died on the spot due to serious injuries.35-year-old killedA 35-year-old man was killed in an accident involving a bike and car, at Bharatavalli, Alur taluk on Saturday. Rangayya was on his way to Alur when he was hit by a speeding car. Cases have been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595273", "title": "Trinamool declares candidate for Kanpur Cantt seat", "text": "KANPUR: Trinamool Congress is eying Uttar Pradesh after sweeping West Bengal. Though the party is new to the state but it has fielded candidates from different Assembly segments across UP.A Trinamool Congress told TOI that the party has fielded 100 candidates across the state for the Assembly elections.Shiv Shankar Patel, state general secretary, Trinamool Congress, informed that Junaid Ansari has been named as the party candidate from Kanpur. Ansari is contesting from Cantt Assembly seat. A few more names could be declared in a day or two.He said that Junaid Ansari has been given ticket, keeping in mind his popularity in the Cantt area.The party is confident that it will fare well in the Assembly elections.Bundelkhand Congress is also going to contest elections. It would be roping in Bollywood stars for campaigning.Party president Raja Bundela recently had declared the name of one of his party candidates, who will contest from Govind Nagar Assembly constituency.Bundela said that his party will make corruption a major issue. Sonu Nanda will contest from Govind Nagar Assembly seat and the names of candidates from Cantt and Kidwai Nagar would be anounced soon.The star campaigners for Bundelkhand Congress would be Govinda, Anupam Kher and Om Puri.The party, which has been working for a separate Bundelkhand state, would not contest on all the 403 seats in the state.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11594224", "title": "Rural hundis bankroll emigration dream", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When young people in Mehsana's Sarsav village dream of pursuing a post-graduate degree in the US, their parents don't have to put at stake their life's savings or approach a bank for an exorbitant loan. Help is available at the local Shiv temple, through which the entire Diaspora of Sarsav residents in the US takes care of the funding. This unique community network supporting migration has caught the eye of researchers who say it is rare to find such systems outside Gujarat. They have found a similar system in Nandasan, another village of Mehsana where each family living abroad makes a tiny donation - a 'chandlo' - to fund migration of other villagers.Dr Neerja Arun, the director of Gujarat University's study abroad programme, said: \"We are documenting this modern-day hundi system, which supports young graduates from rural areas.\"Arun says when someone decides to go abroad, the entire village donates money to the temple. The temple in turn informs NRGs from the village who provide the same amount to an aspiring migrant in dollars when he arrives in the US. The temple then refunds the NRGs.Among the migrants is Gopal Ramprasad, who gathered nearly Rs 12 lakh from villagers which was entrusted to the temple authorities. When he reached the US to study for a professional course he was given the same amount by NRGs living there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595979", "title": "Flaw in GR delays salary of 44 Gorewada staffers", "text": "NAGPUR: The entire unit of 44 employees, earlier with Gorewada zoo project and now shifted to Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), has been deprived of salary for the month of December due to a minor flaw in the GR issued on January 5.The GR states that although the posts of 33 forest guards and van majoors and 11 officials, including one divisional forest officer (DFO), 2 assistant conservators (ACFs), 4 range forest officers (RFOs), 2 accountants and 1 driver and clerk each have been diverted to the FDCM, their salaries will be paid only by the forest department.Sources said this led to confusion among officials as those shifted as per the GR ceased to be forest department employees and became part of FDCM. Officials raised a technical point stating that as these posts have been reduced from the forest department it cannot make payment.Moreover, the post of DFO with Gorewada was upgraded to chief conservator of forests (CCF) for planning and management. The DFO, who was drawing and disbursing officer (DDO) for these 44 employees, was himself shifte to FDCM as divisional manager, Gorewada project. Hence, employees could not be paid the salaries for December.However, officials hope to resolve the controversy in a few days. When contacted, Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary (forests) said, \"There is no problem. Salaries of all the staff transferred from the forest department to FDCM for Gorewada project will be paid by the forest department as these are parts of joint project of the department. FDCM is only the executing agency and will supervise their work.\"For now, RFO for Seminary Hills has been made DDO to release payment for 27 employees who are at work. CR Gajbhiye, CCF for Nagpur territorial circle, said the salaries of 27 employees will be paid in a couple of days.\"We are waiting for the code number from the PCCF's office. Without code, the amount is not transferred. I will personally talk to the treasury officials to get the salaries released,\" Gajbhiye told TOI.On the salaries of 11 staffers, Gajbhiye said a separate letter is being issued by SWH Naqvi, additional PCCF (subordinate cadre), to release their pay. Their salaries will be paid against vacant posts in the department.Meanwhile, as a long-term solution, the aggrieved employees shifted to FDCM have suggested to make divisional manager (DM), Gorewada, as their DDO. This can solve the problem of all the 44 employees shifted to FDCM. The DM, who was earlier DDO of these employees, will work under the supervision of FDCM managing director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11595563", "title": "At 1.3 degrees, Agra coldest in the plains", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the city remained under the grip of biting cold on Sunday, the minimum temperature dropped to 1.3 degrees Celsius in Agra, which was the lowest in record in the plains of the country. Significantly, on Saturday, Agra had recorded 0.4 degree Celsius minimum temperature, but Churu was the coldest with below zero degree minimum temperature. However, the weatherman predicted relief from the cold wave conditions as night temperatures may rise by a couple of degrees in the next 1-2 days.Meanwhile, the state capital, on Sunday, recorded 21 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, which was two degrees below normal, and minimum temperature was 5 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal. While the night was chilly, fog occurred in the morning and the afternoon was sunny. But, icy winds coming from the snow-fed mountain regions kept the chill alive even during the day. People were seen huddled around bonfires across the city to beat the biting cold in the night.On Saturday, the minimum temperature in the city was 5.4 degrees Celsius. For Monday, the state Met department has predicted that the sky is expected to remain clear and minimum temperature would be around 6 degrees Celsius.State Met director, J P Gupta said that a fresh western disturbance (WD) is expected to affect western Himalayan region on January 24. It is expected to restrict the flow of icy winds leading to rise in moisture level and increase in night temperatures by a couple of degrees. Maximum temperatures may also rise by 2-3 degrees Celsius. Foggy conditions will prevail in some parts of the state.According state Met headquarters, the minimum temperature recorded at various cities was: Banda 2.8 degrees Celsius, Kanpur 3.4 degrees Celsius, Shahjahanpur 4 degrees Celsius, Sultanpur 5 degrees Celsius, Jhansi and Varanasi 6 degrees Celsius each, Allahabad 6.8 degrees Celsius and Aligarh, Gorakhpur, Bareilly and Meerut, 7 degrees Celsius each. These minimum temperatures were 3-8 degrees below normal.Maximum temperatures were also below 1-2 normal despite sunshine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596983", "title": "Mamata\u2019s poetic tribute to TMC, mother", "text": "KOLKATA: Commemorating the loss of her mother and the sacrifice of hundreds of party workers who died in political violence, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has paid a tribute to them in the form of a book of poems.'Kobita' (Poems) is a collection of around 60-70 poems that catches 'Didi' in a melancholic mood as she writes about inevitable death. Her 81-year-old mother Gayatri Devi had passed away last month after prolonged illness. The series of poems express her poetic poignancy as many of her party workers who lost their lives while on their way to 'free' West Bengal from Left Front's rule.\"She has always considered Trinamool Congress as her family and all party members as her family members. The poems reflect how she views the death of her mother and party workers on the same platform,\" the close aide said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "medaram (warangal)", "code": "11595313", "title": "Tribals flock to Medaram early to avoid T troubles", "text": "MEDARAM (WARANGAL): The Sammakka-Sarakka jatara is more than 15 days away but tribals from various parts of the country have already started congregating in this small village in Tadwai mandal. It became apparent that they were flocking to Medaram only to avoid trouble from pro-Telangana agitators during the actual jatara between February 8 and 11.Sources said in anticipation of separate Telangana movement picking up pace during February, tribals especially from coastal Andhra districts like Krishna, Guntur, East and West Godavari are assembling in large numbers to offer prayers to the tribal deities of Sammakka and Sarakka. On Sunday alone, there were more than 50,000 devotees in the village nestled in thick forests.Subbalakshmi of West Godavari said she came much earlier as she apprehends trouble during the jatara time. \"Instead of facing brickbats from Telangana activists, we want to offer prayers to the goddess and go back,\" she said. Curiously, she has no idea about the significance of the tribal deities. \"Are they sisters?\" she sought to know. The mother-daughter duo were immortalized after they took on the rulers in support of poor tribals.The tribal jamboree, which is celebrated as a state festival, attracts staggering crowds from all parts of the country. Already, there were people from Kerala and Chhattisgarh. Mani Vannan came all the way from north Kerala to offer prayers to the deities. \"We came in a group of 15 persons. We heard a lot about the tribal goddesses. We were overwhelmed by the sheer size of the crowds here,\" he said.Several pilgrims, as per traditions, offered jaggery to the deities and prayed. Devotees from Orissa, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu have also started arriving. The state government allotted Rs 60 crore for this year's jatara.Elaborate arrangements have been made for the smooth conduct of the jatara, which is expected to receive more than one crore devotees this year. Collector Rahul Bojja said special teams have been formed to monitor arrangements for the devotees.Meanwhile, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu is likely to visit the village on February 4 to offer prayers. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy would be coming down here on February 6 to perform puja. Sources said TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao is also likely to visit the village before the commencement of the jatara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11596235", "title": "Corpn seeks generator from state to resolve water crisis", "text": "COIMBATORE: Concerned about the power crisis, the Coimbatore Corporation has sent a proposal to the state government requesting funds to purchase a generator to pump water for the newly added areas within corporation limits.Corporation Commissioner, T K Ponnusamy said that new areas of Kurichi, Kuniyamuthur and Kinathukadavu receive water under the Combined water supply scheme from Aliyar dam. The scheme was envisaged to supply water to over two lakh people. The Rs.35.47 crore scheme provides 15 million litres a day (mld) to all the three local bodies. Kurichi gets 7.7 million litres, Kuniamuthur 5.7 mld and Kinathukadavu nine lakh litres under the scheme.However, the ongoing power cuts have made it supply water from the pump station to residences. He said there are four pump stations in the areas, which includes one near Aliyar dam, another at Kurichi, Kuniyamuthur and Kinathukadavu.A senior corporation official said that there are 25 generators being used within corporation limits to pump water to relevant areas. The corporation spends Rs 11 crore every year to operate and maintain the generators.The water supply off late has become very erratic, said R Omprakash, a resident of Sundarapuram near Kurichi. Residents are facing problems as they get water only once in ten days. \"We expected the water crisis to be resolved once the scheme was implemented. For some time things were okay, but the situation has changed now,\" he added.Omprakash said that the water tank was leaking, leading to wastage. When the local councillor was notified of this issue, he said a new tank would be constructed, but nothing has been done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune/mumbai", "code": "11596898", "title": "Shiv Sena MP suffers head injury in E-way accident", "text": "PUNE/MUMBAI: Shiv Sena's Rajya Sabha MP Bharatkumar Raut (57), and five others, including two children, were injured in an accident involving two cars near Lonavla on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway on Sunday. The accident took place after the car, which Raut was driving to Pune, collided with another one coming from the opposite direction.The accident took place near Devale bridge in the Lonavla rural police station limits around 4.30 pm. Raut, who suffered head injuries, has been admitted to the Lokmanya hospital in Nigdi.A 67-year-old woman, Shakuntala Balkrishnan, who was travelling with her daughter, son-in-law and their kids, in the other car, has also been admitted to the same hospital.Inspector Mohan Jadhav of Lonavla police station said that prima facie, the accident may have taken place after a tyre in Raut's car burst. Raut, along with his two friends Arvind Hardas and Sudhir, were travelling to Pune in a Honda City, the police said. After the tyre burst, the Honda City took a sharp turn towards the right, crossing the road divider and hitting the Maruti Zen, which was headed towards Mumbai.The patrol team of Ideal Road Builders, the police and other motorists helped the accident victims. Raut and Balkrishnan, who suffered serious injuries, were rushed to the hospital.The Zen was being driven by Balkrishnan's son-in-law Rahul Anand. He along with his wife Seema, son Aniruddha (6), and daughter Arundati (3) have been admitted to Yash hospital in Lonavla. Arundati has suffered serious injuries, the police said. Raut's two friends suffered minor injuries.Doctors treating Raut said his condition is stable. \"He has sustained a serious head injury on right frontoparietal region. A CT scan showed a thin subdural haematoma (swelling between protective lining that covers the brain) which the neurosurgeon attending to him has currently decided to treat with medicines. We will keep him in the ICU for the next 24 hours and a CT scan will be conducted again on Monday,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Narendra Vaidya, head of the Lokmanya Hospital.Raut was earlier operated on for brain tumour. He is a veteran journalist, former editor of Maharastra Times and now the editorial director of the Lokmat group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11596109", "title": "Malabar Trogon bird spotted", "text": "KERI: The brightly-coloured Malabar Trogon bird has been recently spotted in the forested areas of the Western Ghats, which form a part of the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary.Volunteers of Vivekanand environment awareness brigade, Keri-Sattari, were lucky to catch a glimpse of the bird in the border areas of Ponsule and Gulle villages, which are submerged under the water reservoir of Anjunem dam.Narayan Gawas from Halidwada, Keri said, \"We were delighted to see this beautiful bird on the tree. It is endemic to the forests of Sri Lanka and India, mainly in the Western Ghats.\"Ornithologist Carl D'Silva has included the bird in his list of 'Birds of Goa' which he has compiled for the book 'Fish Curry and Rice'. \"When the bird sits still, it appears hunched. The species is becoming rarer in many parts of India and it is said to be sensitive to forest fragmentation,\" says Narayan Parodkar, a bird watcher from Ghoteli No1.As the bird is an expert in stealing nests of bees and termites it is known as 'harpactes'. Malabar Trogons feed exclusively on insects and fruits. \"It is a mesmerizing bird of the moist evergreen biotope of peninsular India. It has been the most prized bird of Western Ghats for birdwatchers, photographers and enthusiasts,\" says Prasanna Parab, a wildlife photographer from Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "11603005", "title": "Egypt: First post-Mubarak parliament holds session", "text": "CAIRO: The parliament elected in Egypt's first legislative vote after Hosni Mubarak's ouster nearly a year ago held its inaugural session on Monday, with Islamists dominating the 498-seat chamber that will oversee the drafting of a new constitution.The session was chaired by Mahmoud el-Saqqah, the chamber's oldest lawmaker.The lower and more powerful of parliament's two chambers, known as the People's Assembly, was due to elect a speaker and two deputies later in the session. The speaker was expected to come from the Muslim Brotherhood , a fundamentalist group that won just under half of the seats. Another Islamist group, the ultraconservative Salafis, won nearly a quarter of the seats.Held over several weeks starting Nov. 28, the parliamentary election was the freest in Egypt's modern history. Elections for parliament's upper chamber, a largely toothless body known as the Shura Council, will begin later this month.The chamber's top priority is to elect a 100-member panel to draft a new constitution, which will have to be put to a vote in a nationwide referendum. Presidential elections are scheduled to be held before the end of June, when the military generals who took over from Mubarak in February last year are due to step down. Mubarak was forced out of office by an 18-day popular uprising.Several independent lawmakers and others representing the liberal groups that engineered the anti-Mubarak uprising wore yellow scarves saying, \"No to military trials for civilians,\" a reference to the hauling of at least 12,000 civilians before military tribunals since the generals took over power 11 months ago.El-Saqqah began the proceedings by ordering lawmakers to stand in silence for a minute in memory of the hundreds of protesters killed during the protests.Mubarak, 83, is on trial for complicity in the killing of the protesters. He could face the death penalty if convicted along with his security chief and four top police commanders. Mubarak and his two sons Alaa and Gamal face separate corruption charges in the same case.What was supposed to be a quiet procedural session turned briefly chaotic when some lawmakers improvised additions to the text of the oath they were taking in turn, provoking angry protests from the speaker.The oath ends with a pledge to respect the constitution and law, but an Islamist lawmaker added \"God's law.\" Two pro-reform lawmakers pledged to \"continue the revolution\" and \"be loyal to its martyrs.\"Security was tight in the area around the parliament building, scene of recent deadly clashes between troops and protesters demanding that the generals immediately step down. The building is also a short distance away from Tahrir Square, birthplace of the uprising that topped Mubarak's 29-year regime.Monday's inaugural session brings the Brotherhood a moment of great victory. The group spent most of the 84 years since its inception as an outlawed organization, enduring arrests and intimidation by Mubarak's feared security agencies.The Brotherhood has contested parliamentary elections since the 1980s, circumventing the ban on the group by fielding candidates as independents. They won 20 percent of parliament's seats in 2005, but could not win a single seat in elections held in November and December 2010, thought to be the must fraudulent since army officers seized power in a 1952 coup that toppled the monarchy.The pro-reform groups that engineered Mubarak's ouster were trounced in the elections, garnering less than 10 percent of the seats. Many of them were not as well prepared for the vote as the Islamists, particularly the Brotherhood, whose members have over years of underground work acquired a high degree of discipline and loyalty.There are also only a handful of minority Christians and women in the chamber.On Monday, Brotherhood volunteers escorted their lawmakers into the parliament building.\"I want to make sure that my representatives are safe. I want to celebrate and also make sure that no one ruins this atmosphere. There are many who want to ruin it,\" said Fathy el-Sayed, a 35-year-old Brotherhood supporter outside parliament.Others waited outside parliament with flowers they said they planned to give to their lawmakers. They chanted religious songs to the beat of drums.\"Democracy brought the people (who are) inside the building now. They were elected by the people,\" said Adel Musbah, a supporter of the Salafi el-Nour party.He questioned planned protests by pro-democracy groups marking the first anniversary of the start of the uprising. \"Why are they coming to object?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11598691", "title": "Troubled by overheating processor, man devises laptop health pad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is rightly said there is no set formula for evolving an innovative technology or an out-of-the-box idea and in some cases it happens out of a sheer failure! And the case of 29-year-old Puneet Bhalla, who is an entrepreneur, is also the same.It was an absolute dejection after the processor of his brand new laptop went off in 2006, which prompted Bhalla to conceptualize Laptop Health Pad (LHP). After months of sleepless nights and intensive research, Puneet made an aluminum laptop tray to prevent his laptop from overheating. Gradually, he added many new features in this tray and now it has even reached London and Singapore , through word of mouth marketing.\"I had bought a new laptop and its processor went-off due to over-heating. I was obviously sad on losing my expensive machine, but that setback motivated me to evolve my own device to avoid such an incident in future. I also searched the internet and market, but the available laptop trays were not good,\" Bhalla, who is in the business of high-precision microscopes, told TOI.\"I have added many features in the tray; you can adjust the height of the laptop screen by using attached 'adjustment mechanism'. It can be adjusted at 10 to 30 degrees angle and helps the screen to come in line with your eyes so that you do not need to bend your neck while using it,\" said Bhalla.After seeing the benefits of LHP, Bhalla started gifting these to his close friends and relatives. And with time, he started getting queries from people who inadvertently saw or used these trays. \"Initially, I had made this device for personal use. But it caught the fancy of everyone and I got scores of queries. I manufactured them in my workshop and started supplying it to people. It is not a commercial venture but I only take the manufacturing cost. Just through friends, it has even reached London and Singapore,\" pointed out Bhalla.LHP is very portable and can be easily taken along in the laptop bag. Puneet, a resident of Zirakpur town, has also made a Facebook page to popularize them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11595055", "title": "582 pedestrians challaned in new drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 600 people were challaned for jaywalking in the capital in the past three days as part of a new drive by Delhi Traffic Police.A total of 582 pedestrians were fined Rs 50 each from Thursday during the drive at six locations -- ITO, Kashmere Gate, Anand Vihar, Rajouri Garden, Africa Avenue and Bhogal.\"We have selected places where good foot overbridges exist. Those who do not use these and crossed the road while traffic was on were prosecuted,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600012", "title": "Original 'Agneepath' was ahead of its time: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "Though Amitabh Bachchan starrer 'Agneepath' did not catch the eye of the audience, the remake has already grabbed eyeballs. But actor Sanjay Dutt , who plays the dreaded villain in the latest version feels the original was much ahead of its time.The 1990 cult classic, directed by Mukul Anand, featured Big B as the iconic Vijay Dinanath Chauhan, Danny Denzongpa as Kancha Cheena, the baddie and Mithun Chakraborty as the lovable coconut seller Krishnan Iyer MA.Despite a stellar cast 'Agneepath' failed at the box office commercially but Bachchan's performance was praised. Producer Yash Johar's son, Karan has remade the film in the same name now starring Hrithik Roshan and Dutt. It has already created quite a buzz, unlike the original. \"I loved the film (original) and if I was the whole of audience, I would have made it a big hit. I think may be the film was too ahead of times..Mukul is a brilliant director in his work...his vision was so much ahead of his time,\" Sanjay said in an interview. \"I have seen original film several times. I lived the dialogues of the film and performances of Amitji, Danny and Mithun Da,\" he said.Although the remake would have new actors reprising the iconic characters again, except for the basic plot of revenge, the new 'Agneepath' has a different story. \"The premise is same. Vijay Dinanth Chauhan, Kancha is there...the revenge story where Vijay comes to Mandwa is same. It is a revenge story but the setting is totally different. It is very grounded film here Kancha wears dhoti, kurti and kolhapuri footwear and Vijay is also a simple man. He (Karan Malhotra) has made it as a very real grounded and rustic film,\" Sanjay said. The new 'Agneepath' also featuring Priyanka Chopra is up for release on January 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11597315", "title": "It\u2019s not the right time to join politics: Nikhil", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy's son Nikhil feels the 'time is not ripe' for him to enter politics.Launching his blog on Sunday, his 24th birthday, Nikhil sought to clear the air about his entry into politics. ''I still have to grow a lot. I feel it is not appropriate to join politics without understanding people's pulse and problems of the state.'' In his blog, he says, ''his is the age to observe everything curiously and clearly''.Though he has ruled out joining politics immediately, Nikhil adds: `I know it has become inevitable for today's youth to shoulder social responsibilities. My objective is to be socially-oriented, setting aside selfishness.''In Mangalore, Kumaraswamy, too, ruled out his son's immediate political entry. ''I will personally advise him not to do so. It will not be prudent to push someone into politics without him knowing the pulse of the people. I will let my son decide on joining politics; I won't intervene,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11596531", "title": "State commission sets aside district forum order", "text": "PANAJI: The state consumer disputes redressal commission, Panaji, has set aside the order of the North Goa consumer disputes redressal forum awarding damages to a Tivim resident due to deficiency in service by the electricity-operations and maintenance division VI, Mapusa.The Tivim resident Andrew D'Souza of Auchit Waddo, Tivim had filed the complaint against the executive engineer, electricity operations and maintenance division VI, Mapusa, the assistant engineer, sub-division III (R), Mapusa and the chief electrical engineer, Panaji in the North Goa Consumer disputes forum.The complaint alleged that Tivim residents had suffered losses to the extent of 33,000 due to the acts of 'deficiency in service' on the part of the electricity department. The complaint alleged that around 8 p.m. on December 25, 2000, the high tension wire 33 KV snapped and it fell on the domestic line carrying electricity to all the houses in the village of Tivim. The fuse wire did not blow off thereby neutral wire got charged and the entire people of Tivim village got high surge of high powered electricity though their domestic line resulting in substantial loss only to the electric equipments of the complainant.After hearing arguments, the North Goa consumer district forum directed the electricity department officials to pay 33,000 as compensation along with the cost of 2,000 payable within 30 days from the date of receipt of the said order. The electricity officials appealed to the Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission.The contention of the appellants is that the district forum erred in holding that due to the fall of the high-tension line on low-tension line and before fuse could blow off the neutral wire got charged and so public got high voltage. The appellants also contended that even if the neutral wire was charged, the consumers to whom the power supply is fed from the transformer No 1 would get effect of high voltage and in no way the consumers to whom the power supply is fed from transformer no 2 and transformer no 3 will be affected. The main contention of the appellants was that the power supply consumed by the complainants is fed only through the transformer no. 3 located in Auchit Waddo, Tivim village.The complainants, while opposing the appeal, contended that due to faulty installation procedure and careless attitude of the appellants, the said high tension wires were installed above the electricity wire supplying electricity to the people and that necessary precaution of installing for instance, creating a 'guarding' in case the high tension wire snaps, was not done.But having considered the arguments, the disputes commission ruled that \"the lower forum has totally failed to appreciate that the complainant was duty bound to discharge his burden of proving the allegations made in the complaint by convincing documentary evidence which he has failed to do so. The Respondent did not even discharge the burden of proof when he alleged in the complaint that his computer system failed due to high voltage.\"The commission ruled that the impugned order passed by the North Goa forum, is without any merit and devoid of just considerations and therefore the same deserves to be set aside in the present appeal. It also dismissed the original complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "11596253", "title": "Sadbhavana: Rs 2,380 cr for Sabarkantha", "text": "Palanpur: Chief minister Narendra Modi has announced a package of Rs 2380 crore for Sabarkantha district at his 24th Sadbhavana mission fast held at Himmatnagar on Sunday.The amount would be spent in the next one year towards setting up a medical college, building a bypass from Idar to Himmatnagar, developing the temple town of Shamalaji and the Buddhist centre Dev-Ni-Mori in the district.Thousands of people from all walks of life, hailing from all the talukas of Sabarkantha district joined Modi in his Sadbhavana mission fast.Modi listed out his government's achievements and came down heavily on the Union government for wasting billions of rupees on hopeless projects. He asked the UPA Government headed by prime minister Manmohan Singh to furnish a detailed account of them.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) organized a parallel 'Satkarma' fast at Motipura under the leadership of Madhusudan Mistry, former MP. He and other Congress workers described Modi's fast as misuse of public money.Meanwhile, 350 temporary employees of mid-day meal staged a protest rally demanding that they be made permanent. At least 19 demonstrators were detained but later set free, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11597207", "title": "Manpreet sends wife for dera\u2019s blessings", "text": "SIRSA: It's not just the pace of electioneering in Punjab that is picking up in the last lap. Knocking the doors of Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda to seek 'blessings' from dera chief Ram Rahim Singh, has also picked up. On Saturday and Sunday, the dera saw about 21 candidates, including Veenu Badal, wife of People's Party of Punjab (PPP) chief Manpreet Badal, and three other prominent candidates, landing up to seek blessings from the dera chief. So far, it is learnt, about 215 prospective candidates and political leaders have already visited the dera to meet the chief.A large number of supporters of the dera are from Malwa region and hence candidates from this area have made it a point to visit Sirsa to meet the dera chief.Politician and candidate from Dhuri Surjeet Singh Barnala's son Gaganjeet Barnala and candidate from Sangrur Baldev Singh Maan were the latest to reach the dera with Veenu Badal. Beside this, Congress leader Jagmeet Barad, independent candidate Labh Singh Ahluwalia, communist party leader Pawan Preet and four other candidates reached the dera.\"SAD leader Sant Singh Barad from Gidderbaha area, Joji from Muktsar, Janmeja Sekhon from Mod, Maheshinder Singh from Bhaga Purana, Surjeet Singh from Fazilka, Dilraj Bhunder from Sardulgarh, Parminder Singh Dindsa from Sunam and others from different places came to Dera Sacha Sauda to seek blessings,\" said Ram Singh, chairman of dera's political wing, Punjab.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11596354", "title": "Mickky's GVP gets 19 seats, alliance partner UGDP left with just 10", "text": "MARGAO: Though the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) and the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) seem to have arrived at some reconciliation over the issue of seat-sharing between them for the March 3 assembly election, the two regional outfits are still undecided over 11 seats.The alliance partners are awaiting the announcement of candidates by the two main national parties, before deciding on their candidates in the 11 seats, sources said. The regional parties are anticipating a revolt by those aspiring candidates who will be denied a ticket by the national parties. The idea is that this will enable them to accommodate those disgruntled elements into the regional party fold and award them the alliance tickets, sources said.As per the terms of reconciliation arrived at, the alliance of the two regional parties will contest from all 40 constituencies, out of which 10 seats (Saligao, Aldona, Mapusa, Porvorim, Taligao, St Cruz, Fatorda, Cuncolim, Quepem and Canacona) have been allotted to UGDP and 19 (Pernem, Mandrem, Siolim, Bicholim, Mayem, Tivim, Ponda, Shiroda, St Andre, Nuvem, Margao, Curtorim, Benaulim, Cortalim, Marmugao, Vasco, Sanvordem, Valpoi and Priol) to GVP. The remaining 11 seats will be shared between the two parties.The two parties also seem to have resolved their differences over the Quepem seat which had turned out to be the bone of contention. \"The Quepem seat has been allotted to UGDP and Manuel Colaco is our candidate. As the GVP desires to field their own candidate (Joseph Gonsalves), we have asked the two to work out some compromise between them and decide on who will back out from the fray. Both of them have assured us of conveying their decision within a day or two. However, between the two parties that is not an issue,\" UGDP vice-president Shravan Dubhashi told TOI.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11595092", "title": "IIM-A students to use neurology for marketing products", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A professional usually markets products by understanding consumer behaviour. Students of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A), however, will work on visualizing a dissected version of human brain and reading the responses from different parts of the brain to gain a better understanding of consumers' decision making.In order to be able to market products in a more effective manner, students of IIM-A will learn to link neuroscience to consumer-behaviour. The institute has introduced an elective course 'Neuroscience and Consumer Behaviour.' The new course will be taught by IIM-A faculty Arvind Sahay and managing director of GlaxoSmithKline, Hasit Joshipura.\"The course has been designed to help students understand what happens in consumers' brains when they are making decisions. Advancements in the fields of neuroscience and neuro-economics are now providing insights into how marketers should develop their marketing plans and implement them. The idea behind this course is to capitalize this emerging knowledge and apply it in the area of consumer behaviour and marketing. This is probably the first of its kind of course in the world,\" said Sahay.As a part of the course, the students will be taught about functioning of the human brain and which parts of the brain are related to aspects of thinking and feelings such as greed, prediction, confidence, risk, fear, surprise, regret and happiness as well as their influence over a person's decision making. Using this understanding, the course will develop students' analytical skills, conceptual abilities and substantive knowledge in the field of consumer behaviour and marketing.\"The understanding of neuroscience is very important for marketing. Until now, consumer behaviour tells how consumers react differently to different stimuli. Neuroscience will add another dimension to this understanding by explaining why they behave so. This understanding will help marketers fine tune stimuli and extract right consumer responses,\" said Sahay.The elective course has received a huge response from students, including foreign students who are studying at the institute. The faculties have, however, limited the number of seats to 30 as this is the first year of the elective course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596766", "title": "PIL seeks certification to check milk adulteration", "text": "MUMBAI: A public interest litigation has been filed in the Bombay High Court against largescale adulteration of milk. It urged the court to direct setting up of an agency to certify milk with a 'Milk Mark' which would ensure quality and a 24-hour helpline for complaints.The PIL was filed by homeopath Dr Sreedevi Mehta, chemical engineer Karan Doshi and Vidhvatta Malhotra, a homemaker who has a two-year-old child. The state, commissioners for Food Safety and Food and Drugs Administration, the BMC and ministry of health and family welfare have been made parties.The petitioners said they became aware after reading news reports about the alarming portions of mass adulteration of milk that is consumed by almost every household in the city. They were \"shocked and aghast\", to learn that the National Milk Survey found nearly 70% of 1,791 samples picked up from 33 states and union territories had failed to conform to Food and Safety Standards Authority of India.\"It is a very sorry state of affairs wherethough unknowingly people are consuming urea, detergents, bad sugar, harmful chemicals and several other contaminants by drinking adulterated milk every day,\" the petition states. The petitioner urged that like AGMARK, which is a quality certification for agricultural products, milk must also be certified by a 'Milk Mark', certified by an authority at the state-level.They also urged for a 24-hour helpline for people to register complaints so that raids, if necessary, are conducted and the guilty booked.The PIL was mentioned by their advocate Advait Sethna before a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi and has been posted for hearing on January 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11597265", "title": "IITians mentor needy kids", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 20 students from IIT Guwahati took part in a day-long programme with destitute boys at Don Bosco Snehalaya at Dhirenpara in the city.The initiative, titled 'Udaan' and part of the IIT-G's annual cultural fest Alcheringa, was an attempt to reach out to the underprivileged children across the nation. As per the initiative, around 70 students from IIT-G travelled to various orphanages and rural places across 15 cities in 10 states in December last year.On Sunday, the students from the institution were seen interacting with the students through fun and games, teaching them basics of photography, drawing and music. Montu Kalita, a 15-year-old orphan who was found in a railway station 11 years, ago said, \"I love science and maths and the students have really encouraged me in developing this love. I want to pursue a career in this field.\"\"The idea of Udaan was to make the underprivileged children feel positive and to inspire and influence them to work towards their goals and ambitions. This is the last leg of the tour of the initiative, through which we visited rural places in Bhopal, Chennai, Jaipur and others. During the fest, we will give some of the boys a platform to showcase their talent and also display their drawings at the exhibition,\" said Tarun Jain, progenitor Udaan and a fourth semester mechanical engineering student.The students from the institution stated that they have pooled their own resources to fund the initiatives, apart from getting help from a crayon company. \"We found help from some NGO. We are looking for sponsorship so that the initiative could be continued next year. We thank to those who came forward,\" added Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "faridabad/ new delhi", "code": "11594765", "title": "Bone-rattling ride to Surajkund", "text": "FARIDABAD/ NEW DELHI: It's a roller-coaster ride to Surajkund - the venue of the Haryana government's showpiece exhibition of the world's most treasured wares. And the state's annual tryst with tradition is all set to have a bumpy start. Almost all roads leading to Surajkund are in a shambles - dotted with potholes, the tar ripped off from the surface leaving deep craters. Never mind, the government plans to woo 10 lakh visitors from different states and abroad.Sources said the civic authorities have promised to complete repair in the next three days. This comes after the tourism department pressed the panic button with the deadline approaching. Now, the civic authorities won't relay the stretches, they have a patch-work formula ready.A drive down the NHPC Chowk from NH-2 to Surajkund ground lays bare how the civic agencies have embarked upon a shoddy job with just 15 days left for the mega event.\"How much repairs will they carry out? It sends a wrong signal about a government, which claims there is no paucity of funds for infrastructure. What impression will tourists from abroad have when they take this stretch,\" asked Rajesh Kaith, a commuter, who regularly uses Badkhal-Surajkund road.Surprisingly, civic agencies reportedly gave frivolous reasons to turn down the proposal to relay the roads. Officials cited the winter for not taking up the project. On the other hand, all road building agencies say the duration between December and March is conducive for repairs.Managing director of Haryana tourism, Anand Mohan Sharan, said they have taken up the issue of relaying of roads with the authorities concerned.\"I would have preferred complete relaying since we are showcasing our culture at the mega event. However, on Saturday we had a review meeting with the deputy commissioner, HUDA authorities, the city's municipal corporation, and joint commissioner of police. We have asked them to complete the repairs by Wednesday,\" Sharan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11597230", "title": "Police readies to tackle Red rebels", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Maoist menace in the state is growing and Assam Police are readying themselves to tackle the problem. According to Assam police intelligence sources, the upper bank of the Brahmaputra is becoming a safe hideout for Maoists.However, police said they have already taken strategic steps to check any illegal activities by Maoist elements in the state. They also confirmed fresh threats from the Paresh Baruah-led Ulfa faction ahead the Republic Day celebrations.On the sidelines of a programme on Sunday, DGP Assam Jayanta Narayan Choudhury told mediapersons that the department has been preparing strategies to tackle the growing Maoist menace in the state. \"There are some reports of Maoist presence but we are confident that we can control it soon,\" said Choudhury.Sources in the intelligence department said they have already received complaints of extortion drives being carried out by the CPI (Upper Assam Leading Committee), a Maoist rebel group. \"Many businessmen in the state, even in the city, have received extortion notes from the Maoists' Upper Assam Leading Committee. In every note, they have demanded at least Rs 5 lakh and have even threatened the targets would be killed if they report receiving the notes to police. Most of these notes are from the leader of the group, Munu,\" said an official of the intelligence branch here.The Assam police chief also said that Ulfa hardliners are planning to strike in some of the areas of upper Assam ahead of Republic Day. \"We have taken adequate measures to check any strikes from Ulfa hardliners,\" he added.Earlier, chief minister Tarun Gogoi citing an MHA report, pointed out that Maoists are forming an anti-dam forum in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh. \"I have been saying this for quite some time not but now there are intelligence reports of the home ministry that Maoists set up a mega-dam resistance forum about two years ago in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh,\" Gogoi said on January 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596530", "title": "\u2018Need for changes in trial laws\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: A one-day workshop on 'Best Techniques in Investigation and Trial' was held at Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University on Sunday. Addressing the audience, Retd DGP, UP Police, R C Dixit stressed upon the changes required in crime and punishment system so that the real culprit can be convicted. Dixit said: \"The new form of crimes are throwing newer challenges for investigating agencies.''Director, state forensic science laboratory, Shyam Bihari Upadhyay stressed on the new techniques required while detecting crime. He showed new methods of post-mortem, use of more scientific methods of medical examination in medico-legal cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "11602260", "title": "Angul villagers to boycott elections", "text": "ANGUL: Residents of about six gram panchayats in Chhendipada block have decided to boycott the coming panchayat election in protest against the district administration's decision to acquire land for two coal mines in the area.The Bhushan Steel Limited and the Adani group have decided to set up two mines at Chhendipada, about 60 km from here. In a renewed effort, villagers of about fifteen villages on Saturday assembled at Sapuinali and announced their decision to boycott the Panchayat poll. They informed the district administration of their decision through a letter.Padma Charana Majhi, a resident of Sapuinali area, said, \"We have taken an oath to boycott the election because we have no faith in the panchayat represantaives, as they would support with the company after the election.\"Angul sub-collector Sudarsana Parida said, \"The companies have offered good compensation and rehabilitation. The administration is also trying to initiate a dialogue with the companies and the people to solve their problem immediately. People should participate in the Panchayat poll.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11595854", "title": "'Most hosps have no strategic plan for disaster management'", "text": "PUNE: Experts came together to discuss the varied nature of disasters and its management by hospitals at the two-day national conference 'Exploring the horizon of disaster prevention and management - The role of hospitals' organised by the Center for Health Management Studies and Research, Bharati Vidyapeeth.Speaking at the conference, Dr Erach Bharucha, director, Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University's Center for Health Management Studies and Research, said, \"Most hospitals have no strategic planning for disaster management. They deal with disasters in an ad hoc manner. The hospitals are usually ignorant of what disaster they may be called upon to manage.\"Bharucha, who is also an accomplished surgeon, said the attitude that 'It will not happen to us' is the greatest shortcoming in disaster planning. Mock drills to handle external disasters - like floods in Pune in 1961, Mumbai floods, Bhopal gas tragedy - as well as cases of internal disaster (within a hospital) are not being carried out by hospital managements in the country, he said.\"Citizens and hospital authorities wake up to the need for a disaster management plan after an event, the learning from which is forgotten soon after. Prevention of a disaster and public awareness on the subject remains a major limitation.The recent internal disasters - like in the AMRI hospital in Kolkata and Columbia Asia Hospital in Bangalore - point out that such emergencies can happen any time,\" he added.He said the effects of a disaster are both on human life and nature. \"Disasters produce a sense of administration paralysis and panic. To mitigate effects of disasters, there should be learning from the event or from known risks. Background factors ssslike lack of education and awareness, lack of social cohesion and lack of communication or media and economic support,'' he said.Col Dr Abhijit Chakravarty, associate professor, department of hospital administration, Armed Forces Medical College, cited the German Bakery blast as an example and said that terrorism leads to varied disaster situations, which includes chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear disasters.\"At present, we have to be prepared to handle nuclear disasters. A lot needs to be done in this field,\" he said.Shamita Kumar, professor, Institute of Environment Education and Research, Bharati Vidyapeeth University, spoke about the geographic information system (GIS) as being an effective solution to disaster management, especially natural disasters like earthquakes, cyclones, etc.She said the GIS has a role to play in emergency management like emergency mitigation, preparedness, response and recovery.\"In emergency mitigation, the GIS helps locate and identify potential emergency problems. It aids in visualisation of hazards and its effects and mitigation efforts can thus be focused on the task on hand. The GIS can also display the current emergency unit locations and assign responsibilities to maintain overall situation status,\" she said.Bhagyashree Joshi, course director, Center for Health Management Studies and Research, said that hospital administration plays a significant role and can bring about a change in the way disasters are handled.\"The conference was held to apprise the students, who will be future hospital administrators, on the issue of disaster prevention and management.\"The students of the institute organised a cultural fest to address the issues of disaster management and preparedness in hospital on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596559", "title": "Sr citizen kills self", "text": "MUMBAI: A 71-year-old man, Shankar Wagle, committed suicide by jumping off the fourth-floor of a Dadar building on Sunday.He was depressed after his wife died of cancer on December 25 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11597779", "title": "Kannada Bhavan fails to get off the ground", "text": "HUBLI: Construction work of the Kannada Bhavan, which was supposed to be over by 2010, is still going on at a snail's pace in the city.The decision to construct Kannada Bhavan in Hubli was taken in 2009, with a view to facilitate hosting Kannada and culture related programmes. While Kannada Bhavan in Bangalore hosts such events, need was felt for a similar venue in this part of the state, to promote the language and culture.Accordingly, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation took up the construction work of Kannada Bhavan in August, 2009, at a cost of Rs 1.66 crore under the first special grant of Rs 100 crore sanctioned by the government.Earlier, plans were to set up Kannada Bhavan near the Basel Mission High School on PB Road at Tadapatri Galli but later it was shifted to Adarshnagar where works are now underway.As PB Road is bustling with vehicles, the Bhavan was shifted to Adarshnagar.The proposed two-floor building is being constructed on a 10-acre land and it will have an auditorium with 500 seating capacity, a well-equipped library, toilets and a canteen.While allotting the construction works to the contractors, the HDMC had set September, 2010 as deadline for completion. But till date, there are no signs that the building will be ready any time soon.According to sources, both the contractors and HDMC authorities are involved in the blame game to cover up their laxity, which led to the inordinate delay in completing the project.The contractors alleged that they have not received the complete building plan by the HDMC. They said their bills are not cleared on time.The HDMC authorities on their part claimed that contractors are not working up to expectations and not expediting the works, even after several notices.The blame game has ultimately cast its shadow over the construction of Kannada Bhavan, as only ground floor work has been completed so far.Speaking to TOI, Veerendra Kundgol, joint commissioner, HDMC said, \"We handed over the construction work of Kannada Bhavan to the Techno Construction Work, Dharwad on September 15, 2009 on condition that it must be opened for public within 12 months. Contractors failed to expedite the works and completed only 20 per cent of works last year. If works are not completed at the earliest, we will terminate the contract and hand it over to a new contractor,\" he said.Contractor Srikanth attributed the delay in works to the failure of the corporation in giving the complete plan of the Bhavan.\"We got only the ground floor plan and we have accomplished it. We will take up the next phase of work after we receive the complete plan,\" he said. He also alleged that the corporation is not paying them on time.While acknowledging the inordinate delay in Kannada Bhavan's work, mayor Poorna Patil said, \"We will hold a meeting of officials and set a new deadline to complete the works soon.\"Amruth Ijari, president of Karnataka Rakshana Vedike, Hubli, said that the Vedike will soon stage a protest in city demanding speedier execution of works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11596717", "title": "Age row: Former Army chief backs Gen VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh on Sunday found support from his ex-colleague on his age row with the government. Joining the debate, former Army chief Gen Shankar Roychoudhary said Gen Singh was justified in approaching the highest court of the country to maintain his honour.In an interview to a television channel, Roychoudhary said Singh was a very honourable man and \"I don't think he will compromise on honour unless he was driven to it\".The former Army chief was critical of the manner in which the government handled the whole issue. \"Should he (Gen Singh) have gone to court, that is an issue which has to be judged on the basis of overall events,\" Gen Roychoudhary said.\"It must be examined whether the chief was placed in a position by events in the background and how long they have been going around... Can a chief be placed in certain position by turn of events, the rulings of defence ministry where he has no option but to go to court,\" he said.Gen Singh has filed a petition before the Supreme Court challenging the government's determination of his date of birth as May 10, 1950 as against May 10, 1951 claimed by him.Asked if it was right for a serving Army chief to have approached the court, Gen Roychowdhury said, \"If a serving major or a colonel can go to court, I don't see why a chief can't go to court... He is an Army person with an Army persons' rights.\"The former Army chief said it was unjustified to relate it with indiscipline. \"There are organisations that take advantage of these principles and force things on Army which it does not like,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601784", "title": "Chintoo Singh composing music for an Akshay Kumar starrer!", "text": "As an 18 year old, Chintoo Singh was \"nervous like anything\" when he went to audition for 1942-A Love Storyas a guitarist.\"I was waiting downstairs and there were about 15 other good guitarists. I got nervous and decided not to go upstairs for the auditions. Just then, R D Burman came downstairs to have paan and ordered me to go upstairs. I was so nervous in front of Pancham da that it took me 15 minutes to tune my guitar! But he liked whatever he heard after that and selected me as one of the guitarists. I was pleasantly surprised,\" recounts Singh, who has accompanied legends like Jagjit Singh , Ghulam Ali and many others, is a master at various instruments and also done background score for some hit Bollywood movies.And now, Singh, who is a master at violin, guitar and rare instruments like rabab and tambur , is ready for his innings as a composer. \"In the past, I did have a couple of offers from big banners but I was tied up with shows. As of now, I am composing for an international project called Do Kinare that stars Akshay Kumar . I took it up because it has a few Sufi songs, and I love Sufi music. I have even sung one song in it.\" shares the versatile musician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11595641", "title": "\u2018Netaji was the turning point in my life\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Born to a Bengali family of Indian origin in Singapore, Sudhindra Kumar Bardhan could have easily retired as a doctor, but that was not the dose of medicine in store for the 90-year-old war veteran. The call to liberate the motherland was so intense that Bardhan left his medical education midway and decided to embrace Azad Hind Fauj (INA) and pledged to liberate the country from the foreign rule.Ninety-year-old and now a Lucknowite, Lieutenant SK Bardhan came to India in 1946 and had to wait for few years for rehabilitation. Later, he joined a multi-national pharmaceutical company and got settled in Lucknow.Recalling his days as an officer of the Azad Hind Fauj and the motivation he derived from his commander Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, the 90-year-old Lieutenant SK Bardhan says, \"Initially, I was motivated by a great revolutionary Rash Behari Bose, whom I met in 1942 in Serembran, Malaysia. However, the turning point in my life came with the arrival of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose in 1943, when he arrived in Singapore from Germany via Tokyo. His call to youngsters to join the army of liberators and free the nation from the British was simply irresistible. I appeared before a selection panel comprising Colonel Kasliwal, Colonel Habibur Rehaman, Major Gupta and Yellapa. After clearing the test, I learnt skills of infantry and guerrilla warfare at the Officers Training School at Neesoon (in Singapore). Our batch had the honour to have Netaji taking the salute at the passing out parade at Batu Pahat in Johor, Malaysia. The duration of training was almost nine months.\" After completing training, Bardhan was posted at the office of the station commander, Singapore and served there till the end.By that time, the global political scenario was quite volatile, and on October 21, 1943, Netaji at a gathering of Indian delegates declared to the world the establishment of provisional government of free India (Azad Hind government). He also announced the names of his cabinet members at the Singapore headquarter. This government was recognised by Germany, Italy, Croatia, Japan, Manchuria, Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia and Burma (now called Myanmar). However, later the Headquarter was shifted to Burma for operational purposes. On October midnight of October 22/23, the Azad Hind government declared war on Britain and America. The Fauj had brigades named after icons namely Gandhi, Nehru, Azad and Subhash, and also had Rani Jhansi regiment. \"Interestingly, Netaji was not interested in having a brigade named after him, but had to relent to the growing pressure of the jawans,\" said Bardhan. The total strength of Azad Hind Fauj was nearly 56,000.Later, a two-pronged attack with the support of a Japanese division was initiated. \"One was on the Arakan region under Colonel Laxmi Shankar Misra (who also settled in Lucknow), while other one was on Imphal/Kohima front under Colonel PS Raturi of the Subhash brigade. The first shot was fired on Feb 4, 1944 and Taung Bazar post in the region was captured on the same day,\" recalled the 90-year-old.On the other front under Colonel PS Raturi, the entire Kaladan valley fell to the Azad Hind Fauj by March 4, 1944.\"On March 19, 1944, our soldiers entered the Indian soil after fierce fighting and occupied Moirang by April 14, 1944. The joy of our soldiers knew no bounds, as they kissed their motherland and hoisted the tricolour of the Azad Hind government, and sang Subh Shuk Chain Barkha Barse, Bharat Bhagya Hai Jaga, the national anthem. Moirang was then made the Headquarter,\" recalled an emotional Bardhan.Before launching attack, the Andaman and Nicobar Islands came under the control of the Azad Hind Fauj from the Japanese and were named as Shaheed and Swaraj islands. At a formal ceremony in Port Blair in March 1944, these islands were formally handed over to Maj Gen AD Longnathan, who represented the Azad Hind government.However, post Moirang victory, luck was not on the side of the revolutionaries, as heavy rains resulted in disruption of communication and supplies. The biggest setback came after the surrender of Japan, when atom bombs rocked the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595414", "title": "Train, bus services hit by fog, cold", "text": "KANPUR: On the third consecutive day, trains continued to run late due to severe fog and cold prevailing in the region.Most of the trains were running late by eight to 10 hours. A few of them were late by more than 12 hours. Trains like 12502 Sampark Kranti exp, 12816 Puri Exp, 18102 Muri Exp, 12488 Seemanchal Exp, 12312 Kalka Mail, 14084 Mahananda Exp, 12506 Neelanchal Exp, 15107 Mathura Exp, 11123 Gwalior Mail, 18204 Betwa Exp, 19054 Muzzafarpur Surat Exp, 12605 North East Exp, 15015 Yashwantpur Exp, 14084 Mahananda Exp were running late.Another set of two dozen trains were also running late. The reason attributed for the late running of the trains was the dense fog which had enveloped the entire northern region of the country. The worst hit were the long distance north-bound trains for Mumbai, Bihar etc.Due to the late arrival of trains, the passengers were an inconvenienced lot. They were forced to pass time at Kanpur Central amidst cold weather conditions. Hundreds of passengers got their tickets cancelled and took a refund.Meanwhile, the situation was not much different at Major Salman inter-state bus terminal. The buses were also running late due to fog. The passenger load had also reduced to half.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595270", "title": "Burglars decamp with Rs 10L jewellery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into a house in Chandanagar and escaped with Rs 10 lakh worth jewellery on Sunday.According to Chandanagar inspector B Surender Rao, the incident took place in the house of K Prasad located at Annapurna Enclave apartment in Chandanagar. Prasad and his wife left home at about 9.30 am on Sunday to attend a function at their relative's house in Huda Colony.The couple returned home at 1.30 pm and noticed that the main door latch was pulled out. \"Thieves removed the main door latch and opened the iron safe using keys available in the bedroom. They took away 10 gold items and Rs 30,000 cash,\" the inspector said. A burglary case was booked under section 454/380 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596067", "title": "Howrah kids traced in Bangalore", "text": "KOLKATA: Two children, among the 14 toddlers who had gone missing from Pilkhana slum in Howrah between 2007 and 2008, were traced in Bangalore, stuck in a begging racket. In a three-week-long raid against the begging mafias in the IT city, police rescued more than 300 kids, including 120 infants, who were forced to beg on the streets by the racketeers.Between mid 2007 and August 2008, 14 kids aged between two years to seven years had gone missing from Pilkhana slum. The children's parents had lodged complaints with Golabari police station. But in past five years neither Howrah district police nor the CID could find a single lead to track the missing kids, said Sudip Das, a resident of Golabari who took up the issue to all quarters of the state administration.In second week of December, in joint raid by Bangalore police, Karnataka's child welfare department and a few NGOs, more than 300 kids were rescued from different parts of the city. Probe revealed that a powerful racket of begging mafias was behind the kids who buy or traffic kids from different parts of the country . \"They used to drug them. Mostly, they are given sleeping pills but often the racketeers also use narcotic injections on the babies,\" said an NGO worker.Soon after busting the racket, Sudip Das took initiative and contacted Bangalore police who sent photographs of rescued children to Howrah police commissioner. From the photographs, relatives of the missing children identified two kids as Seikh Afsar and Shoeb Akhter. After initial identification Sudip reached Bangalore along with Soyeb's mother and grandmother.On Monday they will meet the magistrate to submit their petition demanding custody of their son. P Mohanty, Joint Commissioner (Crime), Bangalore police, confirmed that around 50 racketeers have been arrested.Howrah Police commissioner Ajey Ranade said that a police team has been sent to Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11596187", "title": "Industry demands power holidays to tide over existing crisis", "text": "COIMBATORE: Reeling under erratic power outages, trade and industry in Coimbatore have approached Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa requesting the imposition of 'power holidays' in each region once or twice a week. Pointing out that the unscheduled cuts which happen several times a day now are causing severe losses to the industrial sector, they told the Chief Minister that fixed power holidays would help ensure dedicated power supply during the rest of the days.Representing the whole industry in the region, Coimbatore District Small Industries Association (CODISSIA) on Sunday sent a memorandum to Jayalalithaa over the issue and copies have been sent to Electricity Minister Natham R Viswanathan and Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) chairman Rajeev Ranjan.Talking to TOI, CODISSIA president M Kandhaswami pointed out that the power situation would worsen in the coming summer months. We don't see any other solution to come out of the present crisis,'' he said. CODISSIA also sought an appointment with the Chief Minister to explain the grim industrial situation in the Coimbatore region. In his memorandum, Kandhswami also wanted early completion of Kudankulam Atomic Power Project as that would help solve the energy problems in the state.Meanwhile, trade and industry bodies have decided to go ahead with their January 31 protest in which all industrial units in the district would down their shutters demanding early solution to the power deficiency. Over 15,000 industrial units will remain closed for the whole day and the employees and employers would hold a massive joint dharna on the same day.Most units in the district get power for barely five hours a day now,'' points out P K Govindaraj, president of Coimbatore Sidco Industrial Estate Manufacture Association. According to a chief engineer of TANGEDCO, the corporation itself has proposed power holidays for industries to tide over the existing crisis and the move on the part of CODISSIA will further speed up the process.Even though the demand is 1500 MW of power a day, a single day's power holiday would help save about 800 MW of power. However, to make the power holiday successful, all industries should stop work on the power holiday, he said. The government had implemented the power holiday one and half years ago, but it was a setback as industries in some regions did not implement it properly, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11595036", "title": "Experts predict bumper crop, farmers skeptical", "text": "KANPUR: Argo-meteorologists say that variation in temperature and the present atmospheric conditions will lead to bumper crop yield this year. Farmers express concern that irregular weather may destroy crops or lead to the growth of pests and insects.Winter is sowing season of crops like wheat, pulses, oilseed, pea and potatoes, which are commercial. The farmers are a confused lot due to temperature and weather fluctuations. The agriculture experts consider these changes as good for crops.\"High temperatures, no rains and strong gusty winds this winter have given a heavy blow to the wheat and oilseed crops. Those who have sown the seed in the beginning of January or last week of December are the worst sufferers as the present weather conditions many adversely affect seed germination, leading to poor crop,\" Ram Pratap Shukla, a farmer in Deori village said.Gyan Singh, a farmer of Khajuha said that the irregular weather may destroy crops or lead to the growth pests and insects, leading to shortfall in crop production.Meanwhile, agriculture and weather experts are predicting good crop with an increase of 20 to 25 per cent more yield than previous year.\"In areas where wheat was sown in November, it has started sprouting. Where it was sown in December, sprouting would start in the last week of February or first week of March. The wheat crop will be ripe for harvesting by the end of March or April. Wheat crop requires rains in the months of December and January for good harvesting, otherwise the grains will remain smaller and do not yield good quality and quantity of flour,\" said Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist of CSA University of Agriculture and Technology.He gave an example of heavy rains of 56.8 mm in the initial days of January and said that it was good for crop sown on time. Similar, were the predictions for oilseed and pulses.According to the standards set by the agriculture and meteorological department, December should receive at least 6-10 mm rainfall, while January should get 21-23 mm. February should receive 9-13 mm rain for better crop production. Only December was the month which has not received any rainfall while January covered up the shortfall. The 56 mm rainfall in January will lead to better crop yield. However, chances of rains are still there.\"The farmers need not to worry if the rains will cross the mark of 100 mm in winters as even this amount of water will not destroy the crop sown on time. But the worries are for those who have a habit of late sowing and have less irrigation and fertilizing facilities,\" added Dubey.The winter crops like wheat, pulses, oilseeds, sugarcane, peas, potato etc require temperatures between 5-10 degrees Celsius and average to light amount of rains to grow. Rain between December 15 and January 15 is considered best for production. Agriculturists say that light rains in this period can increase production by 25 per cent. Rain between January 15 and February 15 is considered good if not better for achieving targets.However, no rains at all and very high or very low temperatures would mean underdeveloped granules in wheat and pulses, the expert informed.The expert recommended solutions for resisting pests and insect.The rain at this point of time increases weight of sugarcane and good for potato. The pea and oilseed production will also increase this year by more than 10 to 15 per cent in comparison to the previous year.Farmers noticing signs like yellowing of the crop, brown and green spots on the plant etc may give a healthy dose of 'mancogev' (a medicine) with water to resist the pets.Zerum and Diathenium-45 are the best nutrition enhancers of soil. Sedimented lime-water is a cheap and best soil enhancers. Copper-oxichloride and zinc-sulphate are also some solutions of increasing humus contents in soil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11595275", "title": "Ex-cop under lens for amassing wealth", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former Chaitanyapuri inspector Praveen Kumar allegedly possesses properties in the limits of all police stations where he had worked.Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) officials discovered that Praveen Kumar learnt the art of amassing wealth from deputy superintendent of police M Sarweshwar Reddy, who was recently arrested for possessing assets disproportionate to his known sources of income.ACB sources said Praveen Kumar has properties in Raidurgam, Rajendranagar, Moinabad, Chaitanyapuri and Mahbubnagar district. The properties were found to be registered either in the name of Praveen Kumar or his kin (wife/mother/father), who acted as his benamis.\"In Raidurgam, Rajendranagar and Moinabad, Praveen Kumar worked as a sub-inspector. During that time, he came closer to Sarweshwar Reddy, who was then the ACP in the Cyberabad police limits, and amassed a lot of wealth. The fact is both Sarweshwar Reddy and Praveen used to move closely. We have some leads about their mutual transactions, but it is still under investigation,'' an ACB official told TOI.During the inquiry, ACB officials learnt that Praveen used to take bribe from complainants for settling land disputes. They said the practice of greasing palms is common in the police establishment and goes unnoticed.In the Cyberabad police commissionerate limits, police have developed a full-fledged system called 'Route Master', wherein the corrupt officers assign the task of collecting mamool (hafta) from local businessmen and others.Though in the last couple of months, an assistant commissioner of police (ACP), an inspector and a sub-inspector of Cyberabad were nabbed on corruption charges, ACB officials said there were several other officials under their scanner.Meanwhile, as the image of the Cyberabad police has taken a beating after several corruption allegations against its officers, Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao has decided to rejig the commissionerate by taking up a major exercise of transferring inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596111", "title": "Techie takes lift, robbed by driver, accomplices", "text": "PUNE: A software engineer, who took a lift in an SUV, was allegedly robbed by the driver and his accomplices near Chandni Chowk on Katraj-Dehu Road bypass on Friday night.Kailas Satyanaryan Bhat (31) of Shikshaknagar on Paud road, originally from Mumbai, has lodged a complaint with the Hinjewadi police station.Police sub-inspector of the Hinjewadi police station J R Yele said the suspects thrashed Bhat, took away his laptop and cash totaling Rs 66,000 and dumped him at Kondur village in Mulshi taluka.Yele said that Bhat, who is a software engineer, works in a company located in the Deccan area. He stays at his sister's house on Paud road. \"On Friday around 10 pm, he was waiting for a bus on the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass near Chandni Chowk. Four persons in an SUV offered him a lift. After crossing Wakad, they threatened him with a knife and thrashed him,\" Yele said.Yele said the suspects then tied his hands and legs. They covered his eyes with a piece of cloth. Around midnight, the suspects dumped Bhat at Kondur village in Mulshi taluka and fled. \"With the help of local villagers Bhat somehow managed to reach Pune and lodged a complaint against the suspects,\" he added.It may be noted that on March 14, 2006, a project manager of Infosys, Vikram Poddar, had taken lift in a car at Wakad. He was robbed and murdered by three suspects, including the driver of the car. The suspects had drugged Poddar and then killed him. Poddar's body was found around two to three days later in Raigad district. The prime accused, Victor Julius Manthera alias Victor John Dias (26), was sentenced to life imprisonment by the Shivajiangar court.Following the incident, the city police had urged people to not take lifts in unknown vehicles. Special taxi and bus stands were started in Wakad and Hinjewadi areas for the benefit of people working at the Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park.Despite the police guidelines, citizens continue to take lifts from unknown vehicles. Though the Maharashtra state road transport corporation has erected a bus stop near Chandni Chowk, people can still be seen opting for lifts in private unknown vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595878", "title": "'Jihad is more of an ethical concept'", "text": "JAIPUR: 'Jihad might be infamous as an armed war but in fact, it is more of an ethical concept with a much deeper meaning and relevance in Islam,' says Ayesha Jalal. In conversation with William Dalrymple over her latest book, Partisans of Allah: Jihad in South Asia , on the third day of the Jaipur Literature Festival, Ayesha debated over the idea of ethical jihad, which is pointless if not done with 'imam' (faith).\"I myself faced questions like is religion your personal faith or the sense of identity, which primarily was the driving force for partition and formation of Pakistan,'' said Ayesha, adding she had to go through an entire process of reinventing herself before writing the book. \"In the commercial rules of law, the ethical concept of Jihad does not exist. It is purely based on warfare and a 'Holy War' as it is now made out to be,'' said the author, during the conversation also named 'Holy Wars'.Jihad is multi-dimensional and Muslims have thought about it in multiple ways, though temporal rulers used it to earn gains, she said. Talking in terms of South Asia, she said Islam in the sub-continent was shaped by the sub-continent and did not arrive as a finished product. \"The good thing about Islam was that it could absorb the local cultures,'' she said.Speaking on the subject, Ayesha said more often than not, jihad had been evoked by Muslims against Muslims rather than non-Muslims. \"It has been a term legitimated to legitimise oneself,'' she argued, adding it cannot be denied the terms have been distorted by the Muslims and that history, too, had changed its meaning.Talking in reference to the Indian History, she said even Aurangzeb realised the limitations of jihad. \"Destruction of temples at that point of time was making a political point. It was like your religion is under threat and so are you. Jihad was meant to enforce sovereignty,'' said Ayesha. The author said the bigger question was why did Aurangzeb not destroy so many temples as compared to those that he did. \"If he could get somebody to pay tribute, he left those religious places alone,'' she said.Talking about the requirements to be fulfilled to evoke jihad, the author said there has been an argument over whether the call for jihad in 1857 was justified. \"Though the Muslims had been uprooted from power, their right to practice religion was not challenged and hence, jihad couldn't be evoked,\" she said.Touching upon the influence of jihad on the Pakistani militia, she said the neighbouring country's army is very pragmatic and their own interests are of paramount importance to them. \"There is no talk about jihad as it has turned against them. Jihad groups taking over the army is not quite possible until there is a major split,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600113", "title": "Andie MacDowell didn't want daughters to be actresses", "text": "Andie MacDowell tried to discourage her daughters from becoming actresses.Although the 'Four Weddings and a Funeral' star has enjoyed a successful career, she admitted she was worried when 17-year-old Sarah Margaret - who she refers to simply as Margaret - and Rainey, 22, told her they wanted to follow in their mother's footsteps.Andie told YOU magazine: \"I tried to talk them into doing something less stressful. Because while what I do is beautiful, it's not easy. But I do like the idea of Margaret doing some stage training while she's still young which I didn't do.\"However, Andie isn't worried about her kids and revealed sensible Margaret is \"reliable and motivated\".She added: \"Wherever she ends up, I know I'll never have to worry about her. I let her move to New York City alone aged 16 because I knew it was right for her. She's just a really good kid. I think it's partly the discipline from her years of dancing and partly her personality but I've never had to worry about her getting in trouble. She's so talented and motivated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11597264", "title": "Punjab assembly polls: The toy tractor factor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tractors are prized possessions in Punjab. They figure in politicians' affidavits among their modest \"assets \" and as poll symbols.With the poll fever, miniature models bearing names of politicians - Parkash Tafe, Sukhbir Massey Ferguson, Manpreet Eicher and Captain Swaraj -are now valued collectibles not only among children but also NRIs. Makers of these little mock-ups in Muktsar, Abohar, Barnala and Sangrur are using politician as brand names.Names of all Punjab politics top guns are stuck on these brightly coloured mini tractors: CM Parkash Singh Badal, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, his rebel cousin Manpreet and Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh.\"This month belongs to elections. We read that many leaders declared that tractors were the only vehicles they owned. That's how the idea came to us,\" says Avtar Singh, toyshop owner who makes handcrafted wooden toys near Muktsar.Made mostly of metal and wood with rubber or plastic wheels, the tractors are painstakingly made, including shift levers and hitches similar to the originals.Some are sold in colourful boxes with descriptions in English and Punjabi.They sell at between Rs 70 and Rs 500 a piece, depending on the quality. \"If the government can't help our cottage industry , we'll bank on names of politicians to promote our small industry. What's wrong in that,\" asks Kuldeep Bains, a shop owner.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596065", "title": "Students to showcase talent at Aarohi", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the most awaited college fests of the city, Aarohi, is all set to give collegians a chance to let down their hair next month. Organized by Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT), the fest gets participation of students from the city as well as from outside, of college students as well school kids.This year, the fest would be held from February 23 to 25. The event would consist of competitions like dance competition 'A la Danse', a personality contest 'Cynosure', the very popular rock band contest Purple Haze, singing competition 'Swar Manzar' and the dramatics competitions, including street as well as stage plays.\"Every year, we have just one competition, a debate called 'The Big Fight' for school children. From this year, however, they can also take part in creative writing and drawing competitions,\" said Devjeet Datta, president of the programme co-ordinating committee. \"We would also carry on our tradition of calling a well known performer and donating the proceeds from organizing his shows to a charitable orgaanization. This year, we have called singer Vinod Rathore,\" said Tejas Umale, vice-president of the committee.YB Katpatal, professor in-charge of Aarohi said, \"As a leading educational institute of the city and the region, we see it as our cultural responsibility to organize this event, which has been a trend setter of sorts as far as college fests are concerned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "11595937", "title": "Team sent to stop illegal mining attacked", "text": "ALWAR: A 50-member team that went to Kahrani village in Alwar district to stop illegal mining on Sunday was attacked by the illegal miners. More than six policemen were injured, out of which three have been admitted to a hospital. After the Supreme Court's (SC) decision where it came down heavily on state government's inability to restrict illegal mining, authorities have geared up their efforts to shut these mines.The team was able to close down 27 mines in Tijara and seized 50 stone screening plants along with 8 crushers at Udhanwas in Alwar. \"Following the SC orders we have been taking action against illegal mines and have shut down four dozen units in the past few days,\" said JP Jakhar mining engineer. He added, \"With the help of police department we have dismantled the stone crushing units and seized the crushers and other equipment.\"On January 15, the SC issued orders to Rajasthan government to stop illegal mining with immediate effect in the areas mentioned in the report that was submitted by the Central Empowered Committee (CEC). The committee constituted by the SC to carry out investigations regarding the alleged illegal mining in some parts of Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Haryana found that there are no sanctioned mining leases in Udhanwas village of Alwar district.The committee in its report mentioned \"We find that there is total inaction on the part of the officials in permitting those mining leases to operate and the officials have completely failed to control the illegal mining going on in those areas.\" On site inspection, it noticed that massive illegal mining is going on in the reserved forest area falling under Udhanwas and adjoining villages. At certain places, hillocks have been completely blasted for illegal mining and split into two distinct parts.After the strong criticism by the Supreme Court the district collector had issued orders for firm action against illegal mining. \"We are following the orders of SC and all the steps are being taken as per the instructions from the honorable court,\" said Ashutosh AT, district collector, Alwar.Illegal mining taking place under dist adminThe flourishing business of illegal mining in Alwar is taking place under the patronage of district administration and police department, claims intelligence report of Rajasthan police that TOI has. As per the report sent on October 18, 2010, T Gutie, the then inspector general (intelligence) mentioned that in lieu of allowing illegal mining, the authorities receive monthly payment from mine mafias. The report says that due to proximity to national capital region (NCR) around 1,500 dumpers reach Delhi and Haryana daily without any hurdles.The report claims that the legal miners are only allowed to transport the stones and sell at prescribed rates. However, they sell their produce to illegal miners at higher rates than the prescribed rates and mine mafias use these stones to transport their illegal mining produce.There is full support of officials from police, forest, mines and district administration to provide uninterrupted transportation. The copy was sent to the then home secretary, PK Deb. Despite these intelligence reports no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596661", "title": "Iguana, Rustam steal the show from dogs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It weren't canines but a fearsome green Iguana and Rustam- a one-and-half-year old fighting cock- which hogged the limelight at the Chandigarh Dog Show held at Leisure Valley on Sunday. The Iguana was brought for sale by Vinod Kumar alias Sonu of Sector 20, Chandigarh, while the fighting cock was displayed by Lal Singh of Amritsar.There visitors crowded to have a photograph clicked with both the creatures brought by their owners for sale. Iguana, which is the most popular reptile pet in USA, was sold immediately for Rs 15,000 because of its eye-catching features, but Rustam, priced at Rs 5,000, could not attract any buyer as people fear being booked for cock fighting.Rustam's owner Lal Singh said the fighting cock is well trained and obedient. \"It is trained to wake up his owner at 4am sharp and never leaves the battlefield during a fight,\" he said. He added, \"Rustam is fond of non-veg and dry fruits and it doesn't harm children while they play with it.\"Vinod, who had brought green Iguana from Hyderabad for sale, said they are wonderful pets and are readily adoptable in a family. Regarding its maintenance, he said it requires a small enclosure and eats green vegetables. \"It's legal to keep Iguana as pet in the house. People prefer to keep them for their different and fearsome looks,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11595898", "title": "Jaya appoints graduate teachers for middle schools", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday announced the appointment of 1,267 graduate teachers to all middle schools in the state under the 'Education for all scheme'. The chief minister also allotted Rs 36.17 crore for upgrading infrastructure facilities in schools.The chief minister announced that 831 graduate teachers would be appointed in 831 middle schools which were upgraded during 2009-10 and 436 graduate teachers would be appointed in 219 middle schools upgraded during 2010-11.Jayalalithaa also issued orders to allot Rs 36.17 crore to upgrade infrastructure, including providing new chairs and benches for government-run higher secondary and secondary schools.In a bid to increase enrollment and check school dropouts, particularly in villages, the Tamil Nadu government recently announced a slew of freebies, including free footwear and bags to the students, and allotted Rs. 491 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11598881", "title": "Troubled by overheating processor, man devises laptop health pad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is rightly said there is no set formula for evolving an innovative technology or an out-of-the-box idea and in some cases it happens out of a sheer failure! And the case of 29-year-old Puneet Bhalla, who is an entrepreneur, is also the same.It was an absolute dejection after the processor of his brand new laptop went off in 2006, which prompted Bhalla to conceptualize Laptop Health Pad (LHP). After months of sleepless nights and intensive research, Puneet made an aluminum laptop tray to prevent his laptop from overheating. Gradually, he added many new features in this tray and now it has even reached London and Singapore , through word of mouth marketing.\"I had bought a new laptop and its processor went-off due to over-heating. I was obviously sad on losing my expensive machine, but that setback motivated me to evolve my own device to avoid such an incident in future. I also searched the internet and market, but the available laptop trays were not good,\" Bhalla, who is in the business of high-precision microscopes, told TOI.\"I have added many features in the tray; you can adjust the height of the laptop screen by using attached 'adjustment mechanism'. It can be adjusted at 10 to 30 degrees angle and helps the screen to come in line with your eyes so that you do not need to bend your neck while using it,\" said Bhalla.After seeing the benefits of LHP, Bhalla started gifting these to his close friends and relatives. And with time, he started getting queries from people who inadvertently saw or used these trays. \"Initially, I had made this device for personal use. But it caught the fancy of everyone and I got scores of queries. I manufactured them in my workshop and started supplying it to people. It is not a commercial venture but I only take the manufacturing cost. Just through friends, it has even reached London and Singapore,\" pointed out Bhalla.LHP is very portable and can be easily taken along in the laptop bag. Puneet, a resident of Zirakpur town, has also made a Facebook page to popularize them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601973", "title": "Akshaye Khanna to play Hanuman in Gali Gali...", "text": "Akshaye Khanna is known for doing few films and in the ones he does he often dons different and hut ke roles.Does he think repetitive is boring? He says, \"For many actors bring repetitive has worked, but each actor's journey is different! Also, there's no rule book for becoming a successful actor.\"The actor who is all set to play the lead in Rumy Jafry's 'Gali Gali Chor Hai', says, \"This film is a satire and corruption in our everyday life is what the film deals with. I am into moonlighting in this film. I play a bank cashier in the day and enact the role of Hanuman in a Ram Leela at night.\"Is the hut ke Akshaye choosing to play Hanuman instead of Ram or Lakshman ? He laughs and says, \"Actually no! Even in this there's a corruption angle. The local MLA's son gets to play Ram because he's the influential guy. It's interesting to see how Rumy's managed to take a dig at the system without getting preachy and tedious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11595618", "title": "Deliberate moves behind systemic flaw", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'sarkari' attitude that blocked UP's chances to improve its status on health front was perhaps a veiled way to 'manage' plundering of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) funds. Buying medicines and equipment was the easiest route after constructions.Consider this: UP got Rs 8,657.35 crore under the scheme since 2006 - sanctions being twice of what Bihar, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh got during the same period.Between 2008-11, UP spent over Rs 105.61 crore on buying medicines. In fact, an estimate showed that the state spent over a hundred crore rupees for buying medicines when the total expenditure on medicines by 10 high focus states (including UP) was Rs 135 crore. Quite clearly, the UP's amount is about 80% of the total expenditure. Not only this, the state spent Rs 218.35 crore on procurement of equipment between 2008-11.Overpricing was the first 'business' rule: As per the CAG report, in July 2008, tenders for buying 1,224 laproscopes were invited. The bids were finalised and the rate of second highest bidder which exceeded their approved rate, was awarded the contract.While the sanctioned amount was Rs 4 lakh per unit, the State Health Society (SHS) approved the rate of Rs 6.55 lakh per unit, escalating the project cost by Rs 6.52 crore. The lowest bidder - who offered the rate of Rs 3.94 lakh per unit - complained against this but to no avail. The case of 5,000 pregnancy limiting devices (IUD 380-A) is another example. Here, the lowest bid was rejected which escalated the project cost by 61%. Purchase of furniture and furnishing for 942 Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY) wards is yet another proof. Project worth Rs 72.53 crore was awarded to PACCFED. Furnishing comprised supply of patient beds, mattresses and TV (with trolleys) and DVD players at an estimated cost of Rs 25,000. PACCFED charged Rs 22,000 for the supplies when their market value was about Rs 10,000.Excess releases: The CAG team found that excess amounts were fixed for civil works having standard rates. The plinth area rate (PAR or entire carpet area along with the thickness of the external walls of a building) fixed by the health department for JSY wards was Rs 7,482 per square metre, whereas the standard rate according to the public works department is Rs 5,749 per square meter. In their reply to CAG, the officials said that they wanted to provide better quality facilities to the expectant mothers. There were similar discrepancies in cases of sub-centres, drug ware houses and regional family planning training centres putting the worth of excess expenditure to Rs 87.17 crore.Unnecessary expenditure: Health department awarded work for supply of equipment/materials worth Rs 108.04 crore to nominated construction agencies during 2009-11.The work was setting up of modular operation theatres, construction of janani suraksha wards and installing benches in district hospitals. Entrustment of these works entailed extra cost of Rs 13.50 crore due to 'centage' charges (fee given by a government to a construction agency to keep its establishment functioning after it is awarded a project). Since such supplies were outside the scope of civil work, officials could have directly procured the same from the market and saved this money.March rush: The NRHM framework provides that non-committed, unspent balances as on March 31 are adjusted in the next year's release. In case of UP, the CAG noticed heavy-rush sanctions in the month of March.\"SHS and DG, national programmes, monitoring and evaluation, released Rs 93.31 crore to construction agencies on March 27, 2010, without signing MoUs for completion of work in that financial year, which in any case was not possible give the date of release. They repeated the same thing on March 1, 2011, and released Rs 155.26 crore,\" said the report.Substandard construction: The CAG found that quality of construction was badly compromised. \"Inferior bricks (M-100 is the permissible quality) were used in construction works (at sub-centres, Janani Suraksha Yojana wards, drug ware houses and training centres) during 2009-11, noted the auditors. When questioned in this regard, the government stated that inferior quality (M-100) bricks had been used on account of locally available soil. The reply was, however, not acceptable as bricks were a major component of the building and affected its strength. This resulted in construction of sub-standard health facilities costing Rs 9.48 crore.Flawed system: Auditors from CAG reported that State Health Society (SHS) had no documented procedures and practices for procurement, other than the provisions in its bye-laws. \"State Health Society did not establish procurement cell to professionally manage procurements under NRHM. The SHS used technical directorates, especially director general, national programmes, monitoring and evaluation, to make procurements on its behalf. These technical directorates nominated various UP government companies and cooperatives to make procurements. The working of these nominated agencies was characterised by lack of transparency and of open competition. This resulted in costlier and delayed procurements, as also part/non supply of goods and services,\" said the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596939", "title": "Govt plans to add TB to notifiable diseases list", "text": "MUMBAI: : The state government is considering a proposal to include TB in the list of notifiable diseases, which will make it mandatory for private hospitals, clinics and laboratories to report al TB cases to the government.\"The BMC can make it a notifiable disease within corporation limits. But for a more comprehensive approach, the state and central governments plan to bring TB in the list of notifiable diseases,\" said Manisha Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner (health). The decision comes following the detection of extra-extensively drug-resistant TB cases in Mumbai. \"At present the civic administration is getting all details of the TB cases from the two accredited and nine unaccredited testing laboratories,\" Mhaiskar added.A senior health department official stated that public health minister Suresh Shetty recently discussed the issue with Union public health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad . \"On January 14, Azad chaired the Central Supervisory Board (CSB) meeting in Mumbai. After the meeting, state public health minister Suresh Shetty briefed Azad about the 12 cases identified by Hinduja Hospital as TDR-TB or totally drug resistant cases in Mumbai.During the briefing, Shetty had urged Azad to consider including TB in the list of notifiable diseases,\" the official said. \"Azad expressed his satisfaction with the steps taken by the state and civic administration to deal with the TB cases,\" the official added.\"Once TB is made notifiable, then it will be mandatory for doctors and laboratories to inform any detected TB cases to the civic and state administration,\" Shetty said Notifiable disease.Anotifiable disease is one that is required by law to be reported to government authorities. The collation of information allows the authorities to monitor the disease and provides early warning of an outbreak .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597180", "title": "Can't remove AFSPA from Manipur yet: Okram Ibobi Singh", "text": "Okram Ibobi Singh has been Manipur CM for 10 years. On one hand his government is credited with bringing stability, on the other it's been accused of failing to provide good governance. Seven rebel outfits have banned Congress in the elections, restricting movement of party workers. Oinam Sunil talks to IbobiPeople want AFSPA removed. What do you have to say? We removed AFSPA from Imphal city, which comprises seven Assembly constituencies . The situation is not yet conducive to lift it from other parts of the state. The Centre will not agree to repeal the Act as blasts, killings and extortion continue. Our government is committed to maintaining law and order and protecting common people.Militant groups have banned. Congress , candidates and workers attacked. The ban will not affect our party. These threats to Congress have made people angry with the militants. We have told our party workers not to react to such threats.Naga People's Front (NPF) is contesting. What do you have to say? NPF has the right to contest here, but they will have no impact. Naga people here do not like NPF.The United Naga Council, that backis integration of Naga areas, is supporting NPF. Your take on this? I am not for integration of Naga-inhabited areas under one administrative roof. I do not agree with UNC's demand for an alternative arrangement. We have conducted autonomous district council elections in the hill districts to empower tribal people.What is your electoral plank? We are going to voters with a promise to improve power and water supply and complete major irrigation projects. We have completed the Khuga project and are looking forward to finishing Thoubal and Dolaithabi. We have passed the Lokayukta bill to check corruption. Safeguarding Manipur's territorial integrity with a demand of a constitutional safeguard will be our main plank.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596656", "title": "Home science alumni get taste of days gone by", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a rare time when practical teaching for home science found its place right next to the reality of political science. That was in 1961 when Government Home Science College functioned from legislative assembly building in Chandigarh's capitol complex. Adarsh Sharma, who is gold medalist of the 1961-64 batch of the college, recalled those days with moist eyes when she attended the alumni meet of the institute on Sunday at its present location in Sector 10.In all, 159 alumni who studied at the college over past 50 years were there on Sunday at their grand meeting. They talked about their mischievous jaunts, pranks and even imitated the mannerisms of old teachers.Yet another alumnus, Jaskiran Kaur, who was gold medalist of the second batch that passed out in 1965, said despite 50 years having passed, the feeling of returning to the college was still unchanged.\"Back in those days, we had just 21 girls in first BSc batch. Since there was a dearth of home scientists, all students got lucrative government jobs very easily,\" said Sharma. She has been closely working with leading world agencies including World Health Organisation and UNICEF. Sharma says she owes her success as an educationist and researcher in child and human development to this college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596137", "title": "B-Focused at Sindhu School shows learning can be fun too", "text": "NAGPUR: Teachers of Mahatma Gandhi Centennial Sindhu High School were particularly impressed with the well planned and executed activities which increased inter-activeness among their students during the B-Focused workshop in their school.\"The workshop rightly brought out the fact that learning can be fun too,\" said Harjeet Kaur Huda, one of the teachers present at the workshop.Shobha Dhanwatay, director of Workskills Training Academy (WTA), said that it was their aim to teach children in an interesting manner. \"Education is the most important aspect of creating a personality out of a person rather than creating an engineer or doctor or anything else,\" she said.Vishal Kunjwani, a standard IX student said that the workshop taught them that planning was the key to success and planned studied would ensure that there was no pressure at the time of examination. Agreeing with him, Mahesh Nanawani, a standard X student added, \"Before the workshop my emphasis used to be on 'I', now I have understood the importance of 'we' too.\"Teacher Neeta Seth said that the fact that the students were active participants of the workshop was a great thing. \"This workshop surely helped them understand the ways in which they can shape their career and become successful,\" she said.Around 100 students from the school took part in the workshop. \"The activities were fun, enjoyable and interactive. I specially enjoyed the team tasks. There was equal emphasis on individuality and team spirit,\" said Urvashi Kulkarni, a standard IX student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "saharanpur", "code": "11597035", "title": "UP polls: In country's sugar bowl, ganna scores over Anna", "text": "SAHARANPUR: \"Yahan na quota hai na Anna, yahan ka mudda hai toh sirf ganna\" (Neither Muslim quotas nor Anna's anti-corruption crusade, the only poll issue is ganna-sugarcane ). This is how PCO owner Jaidev sums things up in what Mayawati calls Paschim Pradesh in her split-UP plan.Jaidev, 20, is a first-time voter but he keenly understands the issues of his region. \"Yahan Anna ko koi na pooch raha, (Nobody is bothered about the Anna factor here),\" he says. Things are no different in adjoining Muzaffarnagar.\"I have read a bit about Anna),\" says Iqbal Singh, a tea-stall owner opposite seminary Darul Uloom Deoband.Despite a sizeable Muslim population , Congress's 4.5% sub-quota for minorities bait hasn't cut much ice. \"Here, most are self-employed , so quota is hardly on their mind,\" says Brijlal , adding: \"Sugarcane yields occupy more mind space.\"Everyday hassles bother people, a dismal power scenario top of mind. Cane- growers are the hardest hit. From sowing to harvesting , nothing moves without electricity. Barring Noida, no other district gets more than 12-14 hours of supplies. Cane-growers make the most of what's available, even at ungodly hours. Governments have come and gone but things haven't looked up in the country's sugar bowl.Farmers complain about black-marketing of subsidized fertilizer. Government outlets , which are supposed to provide bags for Rs 600 each, seldom have stocks. Yet, the same bag sells between Rs 1,100 and Rs 1,500 in the black market.Deepak Guptara of UP Sugar Mills Association says: \"Despite such pathetic conditions , the per-hectare yield in UP is among the best in the country. Uninterrupted power, subsidized fertilizers and better roads can change lives.\"Instead of policies which could bring respite, successive governments have added to problems, says Manjit Singh, a cane-grower , adding \"they strike deals with mill owners and announce minimum support price (MSP).\" Although Mayawati raised the MSP, growers say it's inadequate considering rising input costs.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596979", "title": "Cops, residents on alert to track SoBo girl\u2019s killer", "text": "MUMBAI: Four days after the body of Karishma Chavan was found at a desolate spot near Nariman Point, the police have reportedly made a sketch of the suspect and are showing it to kids in the neighbourhood in a bid to identify him.Three-year-old Chavan's body was found wrapped in a saree at an open space near Shiv Shakti Nagar. Police teams have also been showing the saree to residents of Shiv Shakti Nagar to find out if they have seen anyone using it.Locals also told TOI that the open space, where the body was found, has been brightly illuminated from Sunday. \"We intend to meet BEST officials on Monday and request for additional lights to prevent the reoccurrence of such an incident,\" a resident said.While Chavan's body was found near in an open ground near Shiv Shakti Nagar, the toddler lived three kilometres away at Ambedkar Nagar, Colaba. She went missing on Tuesday from Sassoon Docks where she had gone with her grandmother. Her body was found on Wednesday.Crime branch teams, making a parallel inquiry into the case, quizzed residents of Shiv Shakti Nagar on Sunday night. Moreover, to spread awareness, residents have themselves put up warning signs across Shiv Shakti Nagar asking people to be alert about the presence of strangers. An appeal has been made through the signboards, asking residents to probe every stranger that they come across and report him to the police if he gives suspicious answers.The best police officers from the south region and those who were working on the Nehru Nagar serial rapes and murders in 2010 have been roped in to solve this case. Bandobast has been increased in south Mumbai following Chavan's murder on Wednesday. \"We are working on two things on a priority basis at the moment-detection and prevention. We are creating awareness among the people about not leaving their children alone, among other things,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11596307", "title": "\u2018Pakistanis recognize gulf between power &amp; people\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Several references to \"the gulf'' would have foxed anyone not paying attention into believing that the speakers were mulling over the Middle East, when what they were really deliberating about the state of Pakistan. The gulf referred to the multiple chasms in that country: between people with power and those without; between a vibrant civil society and the larger lot of the disempowered; and also between reportage on Pakistan and the ground realities. As it were, it was hardly likely no one was paying attention, because the double team of Fatima Bhutto and Ayesha Jalal brought to their Times of India-sponsored session, 'On Pakistan', a reading of contemporary Pakistan that intrigued even a cow beyond the boundary walls, who chimed in with a moo each time she approved of a comment.So it was the heifer and Karan Thapar , the adroit moderator, who managed the impossible task of drawing a few laughs. Thapar began by asking if India really understood Pakistan. As proof of its limited understanding, he cited an sms joke: \"In India, governments decide the age of an army chief; in Pakistan the army chief decides the age of the government.'' \"From the outside, most people see Pakistan as a country that's falling apart: inflation is on the rise; growth is down; there's an abundance of terrorism and militancy. How does Pakistan view itself?\" he asked. \"From within, people recognise the tremendous gulf between power and the people. Those in power have no compassion for the people they are supposed to serve,\" Bhutto said. \"58% of Pakistanis are food-insecure, not because there's no food to feed them, but because of this disconnect. 85 % of headline news is not relevant to the common people; they are more concerned about issues of food security, electricity and health, which are not addressed.\"Ayesha Jalal, academic and writer, cut a different angle. \"It's not that Pakistani politicians are more irresponsible than politicians outside; the difference lies in functioning civil structures. To date, the army has been the only functioning institution, the Parliament and Judiciary are only just beginning to function, and civil society is more geared to taking up issues.\"The women were as critical of partisan policies as they were guarded against populist politics. \"The National Reconciliation Ordnance is privately called the National Robbers Ordnance,\" Bhutto said wryly. \"It was supposed to be modeled on the truth and reconciliation movement in South Africa, except, they left out the 'truth' bit.\" Change was coming to Pakistan, they agreed, but not necessarily through the political intervention of statesmen-in-the-wings like Imran Khan . To Jalal, Imran was being presented as the most plausible candidate, but she warned old politicians joining him for political gain would eventually dilute what he stands for. Bhutto pointed out that when politics is only about the personality, how would Imran be any different from his predecessors?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11597208", "title": "\u2018Maya Tape\u2019 month-long shoot winds up in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: The month-long shoot in Guwahati of horror-thriller 'The Maya Tape' - produced by the Mumbai-based Cat N Mouse Entertainment (makers of 'Michael', starring Naseeruddin Shah ) in collaboration with Kurbah Film - is coming to an end. For the first time ever, noted artistes of the Northeast (Assam &amp; Meghalaya) will feature alongside Bollywood actors in the film, most parts of which have been shot at Jyoti Chitraban Film Studio, Guwahati, and in and around Shillong.'The Maya Tape' features prominent Bollywood stars and northeast artistes . Directed by Nikhil Allug, 'The Maya Tape' is slated for an all-India release this autumn.Producers Pradip Kurbah, Rameish Sharma and Shaijuu Nambiadat said: \"We are happy to have been able to bring about this venture keeping in mind the astounding beauty of Northeast India and the abundance of talent, whereby we feel we can make a small difference in showcasing them to the rest of India and the world. This entire experience has been a pleasant surprise for us as well as the artist fraternity from Mumbai. There definitely is no dearth of acting talent here, and the technical quality is definitely at par with those in Bollywood,\" says Nambiadat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11595518", "title": "RWAs allege civic works in a mess", "text": "NOIDA: Plagued with glitches in civic and maintenance works, residents have written to the Noida Authority that proper attention should be paid to ensure that projects undertaken are long-lasting and attention is paid to details.Residents complain that teams of Authority officials doing the rounds of various sectors do not meet them or discuss problems with the RWAs.\"As residents, we are the best judges to decide the kind of civic and maintenance works required in various sectors,\" said president FONRWA, NP Singh. \"In the absence of discussions with us, several works within sectors remain unattended,\" said Singh.Authority officials, however, maintain that routine work is being carried out in all residential sectors. \"Regular maintenance work is being carried out in all sectors on a daily basis,\" said chief maintenance engineer, AK Goel. He added that due to the model code of conduct, public meetings with residents are not possible. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11597382", "title": "Fund to treat garbage not enough", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even a month after the Vilappilsala waste treatment plant was shut down, the much-touted alternative, source-level waste management scheme, is yet to be implemented.This is not for want of initiative from the peoples' side as the number of applications for setting up bio-gas plants is growing by the day. The corporation, however, has no funds to implement the programme. The plan was to set up 2,000 biogas plants in the initial phase, and complete the job by January. But to date the corporation has managed to put up only 20, and that too in a single ward.It has been allotted Rs 80 lakh for setting up decentralized waste management units in various wards.But that amount is too meager, councillors say. \"Implementing the scheme with such sparse sum is unthinkable. There are 500-250 applicants in each ward. The Corporation cannot meet the demand of all the 100 wards with this money,'' says BJP councillor P Ashok Kumar . The Corporation has entrusted five NGOs to set up 0.5 cu.m-capacity biogas plants at Rs 6,500 and 1 cu.m capacity tanks at Rs 10,000. \"Initially all the NGOs agreed to do the job at this rate, but now they are sulking as the state government has offered them more attractive rates at other places,\" says Pushpalatha, chairperson, Health Standing Committee.\"Twenty flats in the city have set up biogas plants on their own. But once the government declared subsidies, the other flats registered for the aid and are waiting for the subsidies. Such factors are causing this unwanted delay,\" says an LDF councillor.Officials say the Corporation will soon demand more funds from the government. \"We will request the government to give us Rs 12 crore for implementing the project in all the 100 wards. In the meantime, we plan to promote cheaper waste management schemes like pipe-composting,\" said Dr Sreekumar, Health Department official.The plan was to set up 2,000 biogas plants in the initial phase, and complete the job by January. But to date the Corporation has managed to put up only 20, and that too in a single ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11602319", "title": "4000 candidates elected unopposed in Ganjam district", "text": "BERHAMPUR: As many as 3,989 candidates, including 3,841 ward members, 73 sarapanches and 74 samiti members were elected unopposed in Ganjam district after the withdrawal of nominations for the coming three-tier panchayat elections.The district has 475 gram panchayats and 69 zilla parishads, both highest in the state. Most of the unopposed candidates were women. 2014 ward members were women. 49 out of 73 sarapanches and 51 out of 74 panchayat samiti members elected were women. Kumudini Nayak, a woman zilla parishad candidate of the BJD was also elected unopposed from Khallikote-12 zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596452", "title": "Mishap claims breadwinners", "text": "MUMBAI: The fatal drive to Sindhudurg, which snuffed out the lives of five friends from Mumbai early on Saturday, has shattered the five families that have been robbed of their sole earning members. Moreover, the wives of two of the victims are expecting.Three of the deceased, Ravindra Lad, Dinesh Patil and Suresh Patil, were not only close friends but also stayed in the same neighbourhood at Mulund Colony in Mulund (W); Dinesh and Suresh were cousins. The two others, Ravindra Shivalkar (35) and Anil Sawant (43), stayed in Bhandup, though Anil was born and brought up in Kalachowkie.It was Lad who had planned the trip. \"Lad got in touch with his friends and hired an Indica so that all of them could travel together to their villages in Sindhudurg. They were supposed to meet their elderly parents back home, wind up some personal work, and return to Mumbai on Monday,\" a relative of Lad said.\"Instead of travelling all by himself, Lad thought that they could have some fun on the way if all of them went together. In fact, they often travelled together.\" Lad frequently visited his village at Devgarh to check on his ailing mother as well as to oversee the construction of his new house there.While Lad is survived by his wife and a 12-year-old son, both Dinesh's and Suresh's wives are expecting. \"Their wives are inconsolable. They have been in a state of shock since they heard of the accident. In fact, the magnitude of the mishap has not yet sunk in and they are not in a state to believe that they have lost their husbands,\" said Narayan Shinde, a neighbour, who remembers Lad as a \"simple and hardworking individual\".While Lad was employed at Navghar Toll Naka in Mulund (E) on the Eastern Express Highway, Dinesh worked as a driver and Suresh ran a Sunmica shop in Bhiwandi.\"With the sole earning members of all the three families being killed, I don't know how they are going to make the ends meet,\" added Shinde.\"Lad's wife said he hardly spoke anything about work or any of his plans at home. All that she knew was that he had gone to the village and would be back on Monday.\" Lad's body is being kept at Agarwal Hospital in Mulund (W); his cremation will be conducted after his relatives arrive in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596575", "title": "BJP to launch yatras in UP today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Describing Congress, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party as `Kasab', BJP national vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Sunday said that the Bharatiya Janata Party will launch yatras (tours) across the state on Monday against Centre's decision to provide religion-based minority quota under other backward classes category.The name of the campaign would be 'arakshan hatao-samvidhan bachao' (remove minority quota and save the constitution). The day coincides with the birth anniversary of legendary freedom fighter Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose. Explaining the term Kasab, Naqvi said that in Hindi, Ka represents Congress, Sa - SP and Ba - BSP. He alleged that the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre is shielding convicted terrorist Ajmal Kasab to appease Muslims. He also slammed the Congress for extending 4.5% religious reservation to Muslims.He said, \"Congress is dividing the country on religious lines. And BSP and SP are supporting Congress.\" He said that besides yatras, BJP leaders across the state would perform 'maha artis' of Mother India and burn effigies of `religion-based reservation'. He said that quota for minorities has been given from the share of OBCs.Referring to CAG's special audit report which has detected financial irregularities of around Rs 5,000 crore in the implementation of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in last six years in UP.Resentment in BJP over promotion of Rajnath's sonCracks surfaced in the UP unit of BJP when three party secretaries on Sunday resigned over promotion of senior leader Rajnath Singh's son Pankaj as general secretary in the state. Pankaj, who was till now working as the state secretary, has been promoted as the seventh general secretary of UP BJP.Sources said that three secretaries - Daya Shanker Singh, Ashvani Tyagi and Santosh Singh - have quit after elevation of Pankaj as a mark of protest. The three were reportedly angry over denial of tickets for the upcoming assembly election. While Daya Shanker was willing to contest from Ballia, Ashvani and Santosh were seeking tickets for Bilhaur in Meerut and Lucknow East seats respectively, sources said.Senior BJP leaders, however, denied receiving any resignation or a dispute over the issue so far. \"Pankaj has been a dedicated party worker for the past 10 years and his elevation has nothing to do with his father. He has been promoted by the national president Gadkari,\" said a senior party leader.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595851", "title": "City warms up with walkathon", "text": "NAGPUR: People walk for many reasons, but on a chilly Sunday morning, around 3,500 participants took part in Rotary Club of Nagpur and Arneja Heart Institute's walkathon for a healthy society at CP Club Jogging track near Ramgiri.The special attraction for the walkathon was the 500 meters walk especially for physically challenged children.\"There were 150 of these lovely kids from Jivodaya Special School, Matru Sewa Sangh, Deaf and Dumb School, Anganwadi, Koradi road and May Flower school participating with exuberance. \"These special citizens enjoyed every moment of the 500m walk. They were ready for the event since 5.30am. After the walk, they toured some places of Nagpur city. They enjoyed every moment of it,\" said Tauby Bhagwagar, president of Rotary Club of Nagpur.The theme for this year's walkathon was 'Walk for Heart', with participants, especially the young, encouraged to make walking a daily routine, she said. Despite the chilly Sunday morning, Nagpurians of all ages from 6 to 80 participated in large numbers in the event which promoted good health and healthy society, she added.Dr Jaspal Arneja of Arneja Heart Institute said, \"The objective was to create awareness on heart diseases, risk factors and its prevention. Around the globe, heart disease and stroke are leading causes of death and cardiovascular diseases are the largest killers.\"Participants like Jayesh Mehta, a 75-year old heart patient, showed as much enthusiasm as the youths. He reached the spot registration area at 5.30am sharp.\"I love walking. I walk for an hour or at least 6km daily, and it keeps me going,\" said Mehta. On the other hand, nineyear-old Arun Kumar completed the 6km walk. A student of Bishop Cotton School and a budding football player, Arun said, \"We practice for almost two hour's daily, so it was very easy for me. Sanjay Mehta, a NEERI employee, said, \"I am an early riser and use the same stretch for a daily morning walk. On Sunday, it was a test for my daily routine and I completed the 9km walk without any problem.\"Dewa Meshram was born with a physical disability, but she participated in the walkathon in the special category and enjoyed it too. \"We friends enjoyed the walk just because we were together since 5.30am and walked with so many normal people,\" said Dewa The main event, the 9km walkathon, was won by Anirudhha Sahastrabhojni and Spoorti Satyanarayana while Suresh Umathe and Swaroop Satyanarayana emerged winners in veterans and kids category respectively.In the 6km category, Swapnil Hanawate and Sharda Ingale emerged winners while Dineshchandra Yadav and Kartik Patil won the veteran and kids category. The 3km walkathon was won by Pramod Zondale and Amruta Gandhi while Vasudev Chawade and Yash Dawar were declared winners in veterans and kids category. Jatin Sampat of Rotary Club of Nagpur said, \"About 100 volunteers from our club oversaw the event, which had doctors and an ambulance on standby for any emergencies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596007", "title": "Over 200 students take part in mock UN conference", "text": "CHENNAI: Influence of religious institutions, illiteracy and impartiality of media were the raging topics at a mock United Nations conference organized by MOP Vaishnav College on Sunday. More than 200 students from colleges across south India took part in the conference.Though very popular at the school level, MUN is pretty much a new concept in colleges in Chennai. Moderators and delegates were chosen and allotted countries on the basis of the number of mock forums they've participated earlier and their knowledge of current and international affairs.\"Education in any form is important for us as it helps us to appreciate and understand different cultures. Illiteracy is dangerous, but we have to keep a tab on what religious and cultural centres teach our youth,\" said a participant, who was representing Spain in the General Assembly.Soon after, the members of the General Assembly at MOPMUN debated the relationship between terrorism and religious schools. \"Most terrorists do an act of violence because of their school of thought and then blame it on a madrassa. You cannot shut down religious schools because of that,\" said the representative of Syria.\"You have to really understand foreign policies and diplomatic rules and relations between countries. If someone says most terrorists in Egypt are from Cairo University, you should be able to counter it,\" says Nithya Palani, a student of PSG Institute of Technology, Coimbatore and a participant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11601273", "title": "Challenges before RIM's new CEO", "text": "NEW YORK: Research In Motion Ltd Chief Executive Officer Thorsten Heins brings decades of hardware experience as he seeks to revive a company outpaced by Apple Inc and Google Inc in mobile computing.Heins, who is replacing co-Chief Executive Officers Jim Balsillie and Mike Lazaridis , joined RIM four years ago after more than two decades at German engineering giant Siemens AG in roles ranging from research and development to product management.The 54-year-old German native was one of RIM's two operating chiefs, overseeing engineering, hardware and software.RIM, which helped pioneer the US smartphone market more than a decade ago, is betting on the management overhaul to stem falling sales and market-share gains by Google's Android and Apple's iPhone and iPad. Heins said that he promotes \"creativity, innovation and free thinking\" and that is ready to go head-to-head with the Silicon Valley rivals.\"We need to fight back and get stronger,\" Heins said in an interview. \"You will see and hear much more from us.\"Balsillie and Lazaridis, who guided RIM together for two decades only to see an 88 per cent drop in the stock price since 2008, said the decision to step down and appoint Heins was theirs. Lazaridis, who founded the Waterloo, Ontario-based company in 1984, said the shift is a result of the company's evolution and the introduction of new technologies that will give RIM more competitive products.\"He's really excelled in every department he's been responsible for,\" Lazaridis said. \"He became the natural choice.\"Product delays Heins's top challenge will be to lead RIM's transition to next-generation products running on a new operating system, which has suffered from delays. In December, RIM said the first BlackBerrys based on the new system, called BB10, won't be available until the latter part of this year.The company also had a nine-month delay in getting e-mail onto its PlayBook tablet computer, RIM's response to Apple's market-leading iPad. The technical difficulties and marketing missteps have left PlayBook shipments at a little more than 1 per cent of those for the iPad.Heins said he plans to emphasize discipline in RIM's execution to make sure they company sticks to schedule.\"When you say we're bringing a product to market, you make sure you execute,\" he said.At Siemens, Heins rose through the ranks of research and development, customer service, sales and product management. He ran several units of Siemens's communication business and also worked as the division's chief technology officer.Originally from Munich , Heins joined Siemens in 1984 after graduating from the University of Hanover. He is married and has two children, and his hobbies include bicycling, motorcycling, skiing and hiking.Heins's plan Heins said his role will be in taking RIM \"to the next phase.\" Among his first moves, he said, will be hiring a new marketing chief to communicate with the consumer market.With the transition to the new operating system, Heins says RIM will be able to compete more effectively for the customers it has lost. RIM, which dominated the US smartphone market before Apple and Google entered it, had its share of sales drop to 16.6 per cent in the three months ending in November, according to ComScore Inc Google's Android raised its share to 46.9 per cent and Apple increased to 28.7 per cent.\"We will be working the consumer market not at the expense of the enterprise,\" Heins said. \"I'm not here to retreat from the US market. I'm here to take it up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595935", "title": "Shanu, Vada held for Rs 5L dacoity", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch detected a case of major dacoity committed last year by arresting five people, earlier this week. The cops arrested three persons first and later brought Mohammed Mustafa Jameel Khan Pathan, alias Shanu, along with Sunil Vada from Nagpur central jail where they were already lodged in other cases. Stolen material worth Rs three lakh has been already recovered.Shanu and Vada are considered among the most dreaded criminals in the city. Vada was shot in the leg outside the jail a couple of years ago by a policeman when he attempted to flee from custody. Vada has several offences against him. He had engaged police in a number of dramatic chases and left a couple of policemen injured too. Shanu too has a history of assaulting police personnel.He had been booked a number of times for attempting suicide in police custody too in the past. Shanu was arrested along with an accomplice by Wadi police station last year when a tyre of their bike burst while fleeing from cops after snatching a chain. Crime branch sources said that senior police inspector Madhao Giri's squad under sub-inspector SM Wankhede arrested Gajanan Gokhale, Rajesh Dongre and Sunny Jamulkar on January 16 earlier this week in connection with the dacoity that took place at Ganeshpeth in April last year.It was during questioning of the three accused that the names of Shanu and Vada cropped up for masterminding the dacoity. It turned out to be the incident at the residence of the Supare family where a woman too was injured during the dacoity. The gang had decamped with nearly 30 tola of gold, silver and other valuables. Police have already recovered 16 tolas of gold and four tolas of silver. Police said Vada and Gokhale had befriended each other in jail. Gokhale too has a criminal record. The gang was planning a dacoity at Pachpaoli but it did not materialize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11596962", "title": "Bird flu: 2nd death in 30 days in China", "text": "Aman in southwest China who contracted the bird flu virus died on Sunday, health authorities said, the second human death from the virulent disease in the Asian country in just under a month.Concerns about avian influenza have risen across southeast Asia after China in late December reported its first fatality from the H5N1 virus in 18 months.The latest victim fell ill on January 6 and was subsequently admitted to hospital in Guiyang - capital of Guizhou province - where his condition rapidly deteriorated , the provincial health department said. Tests before his death, confirmed he had contracted the H5N1 virus.The latest bird flu death brings to 28 the number of people in China who have died from the disease since 2003, out of 42 reported cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11596242", "title": "Sanquelim theft accused gets 14-day remand", "text": "BICHOLIM: The judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Bicholim, remanded Mehboob Dastagir Shetgaonkar, 23, to 14 days of judicial custody in connection with theft cases.During the investigation, the police found that the accused who was arrested for a theft case on January 19 at Sanquelim, was also involved in several other cases of theft in the same area in the last couple of months.Shetgaonkar, a native of Indiranagar, Chimbel, had burgled the house of Laxman Shetgaonkar at Sanquelim. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11595984", "title": "Mamata pens two more Bengali books", "text": "KOLKATA: The book fair in the city has an added attraction this year. Two Bengali books written by chief minister Mamata Banerjee , apart from her English biography \" My Unforgettable Memories\", will be released on January 24, just after the inauguration of the fair. One of the two Bengali books will be on the same lines as the English one, though this one will be largely on her political journey.Mamata is apparently burning the midnight oil to give the finishing touch to these books so that they can be printed on time for the January 24 high-profile release. The books will be her first Bengali publications after she took over the reins of the state in May last year.Of the two books is a collection of poems, christened as \"Kobita\" (poems). The other one has been, quite expectedly, named \"Poriborton\". The latter records her journey, right from her college days till the time she swept the assembly elections in 2011.\"She re-traces her steps, right from the time when her political ideology was still getting formulated, till the time when she was the only power that the people of the state preferred to reckon with. The journey, as we all know, has not been an easy one. But you will be able to fathom how difficult it was after reading the book,\" said Sudhangshu De, spokesperson of Deys Publishing, Mamata's publisher since 1995. Sources said Didi is doing a last-minute reading of the manuscript that is expected to be handed over to Deys by Monday.It has not yet been decided who will release the books. That is supposed to be a \"surprise\".Mamata has been a bestselling author for Deys, along with veterans like Shankar and Buddhadeb Guha, according to sales figures of the publisher. There's never been a break in Mamata Banerjee's routine in this matter for the past 15 years. Deys publishes Mamata's book during book fair every year since 1995. The journey started with the self-retrospecting \"Upalabdhi\", which remains her top-selling title till now.Last year, Deys sold books worth Rs 10 lakh authored by Mamata and paid her Rs 1 lakh in royalty. The number of books by Mamata sold by Dey's last year was almost the same as that by Shankar and Buddhadeb Guha, confirmed De.Though most of Mamata's published books are to do with her political thoughts and contemporary Bengal, she also has a keen interest in literature and has several books of poems, short stories and a novel. There are two books of chhora (rhymes) for children. \"Her releases last year, Nandi Maa and Netai, have sold well throughout the year.The former is a book of prose whereas the latter is a book of poems,\" De said. A book of poems, \"Maa\", by the chief minister and her book of long stories, \"Pallabi\", have received great critical acclaim from the literary world. There are a total of 26 titles by Mamata in print.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596393", "title": "Market in a whirl, builders raise transfer fees manifold", "text": "MUMBAI: When Mumbai's realty market was booming three years ago, it was scarcely thinkable that a flat owner would have to pay the builder a fee to be able to resell his own property. Today, though, it is not only thinkable but a disheartening reality. As realty prices peak and sales drop, city developers are demanding their pound of flesh from buyers who desire an early exit.In the past few months, many of them have doubled-in cases, octupled-the transfer charges on resale of flats that were booked while under construction and ready properties where a society is not yet formed. Their move, property experts say, only serves to keep the prices high.Where till recently builders were charging Rs 200 per sq ft as transfer fee, today they are seeking as high as Rs 2,000 a sq ft from investors, which include second home buyers who want to sell their flats before the developer disposes of the stock.Between Bandra and Vile Parle, the transfer charge has reached a rate of Rs 2,000 a sq ft. In areas from Borivli to Malad, Rs 250 a sq ft is said to be the going rate. In Powai, the fee is Rs 300 to Rs 500 a sq ft, though in developments by one well-known builder, the figure is about Rs 1,000 per sq ft. In south Mumbai, a transfer fee of Rs 1 lakh per sq ft is not extraordinary.Developers argue the charge is aimed at blocking speculative investors (those who buy flats just to sell them later after earning a profit). Before a project in launched in the open market, a developer usually pre-sells up to 30% of the total project at a lucrative price to a small group of high-net-worth individuals. Not everyone buys builders' argument, however.A Borivli-based broker said: \"This is ridiculous. If I am the flat owner, why should I pay the builder before I can resell the property? I have three flat owners who are negotiating with developers to get the transfer fee reduced so they can liquidate their assets. Two of them are in need of money while the third wants to sell since he has earned a good profit.\"Kantilal Underkat, a solicitor, said the practice of transfer fee is illegal. \"But since these payments are normally made in cash, no complaints are filed. Buyers and sellers do not protest since they do not want to go against the builder lest they are harassed later.\"Transfer charges is just one thing, some developers have adopted other measures to limit flat owners. In pre-launch sales, they add the stipulation of a lock-in period, whereby buyers cannot sell their flats for two to three years. Also, if after giving 50% as down payment, the buyer wants to sell the property, the developer gets the first right of refusal. If an owner still wants to sell the flat to a third party, he is expected to share 50% of the profits with the developer.\"Considering that these transactions are done in black, investors who have surplus funds do not mind sharing the money with developers\" asked a consultant. \"But why should genuine sellers share the cash?\"Transfer charges also prove a problem for buyers. For them to get a bank loan, a no-objection certificate from the developer is first required, which builders make contingent on transfer fee.Paras Gundecha, who is the president of Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry and the chairman of Gundecha Group, said developers generally do not levy a transfer charge, though he admitted some might be indulging in the practice. \"It is wrong as far as genuine sellers are concerned. But in the case of an investor-who wants to make quick money-developers would want a share of the profit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11596435", "title": "BJP workers threaten to quit if Morajkar is denied Pernem ticket", "text": "MAPUSA: A faction of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers in Pernem have threatened to quit the party if Vithu Morajkar is denied the Pernem ticket.Sources in the BJP said that the Pernem ticket is set to go its former Vasco MLA Rajendra Arlekar as the party believes that Arlekar has the wherewithal to take on Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar and will protect BJP workers and voters from Azgaonkar's \"tactics of harassment\".This has rubbed BJP workers the wrong way. Addressing mediapersons on Sunday, Pernem block BJP vice-president Ramesh Sawal said, \"In the 2007 assembly election, despite being a new candidate, Morajkar gave Azgaonkar a tough fight in Dhargalim, losing by only 774 votes. Considering this, the BJP leadership should give him preference for the Pernem seat.\"With Dhargalim no longer a constituency following the delimitation exercise, Pernem taluka now has only two constituencies-Pernem and Mandrem.\"Morajkar has kept the BJP alive in Pernem, he has undertaken several works and has been supporting BJP workers. He has many strong supporters here and if the party thinks otherwise, then it will have to face the consequences,\" Sawal added.Party workers warned that the BJP would have to face defeat in Pernem and Mandrem if the party high command failed to field Morajkar in Pernem.\"As per the command of the party leadership, we, along with Morajkar, have been strengthening the BJP at the grassroots level in Pernem. Depriving him of a ticket at the last minute will definitely not be welcomed,\" said former Pernem block president Vishwanath Tirodkar.Many dedicated senior party workers were also present at the briefing and extended their support to Morajkar's candidature.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596928", "title": "3 UP BJP leaders quit as Rajnath\u2019s son elevated", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cracks surfaced in the BJP's Uttar Pradesh unit when three party secretaries on Sunday resigned over promotion of senior leader Rajnath Singh's son Pankaj as general secretary in the state.\"We are at least 10 years senior to Pankaj in the party and we have made our way up the ladder; and here is this lad being imposed upon us from the top. This is not acceptable to us,\" declared state BJP secretary Daya Shankar Singh, who along with his two co-secretaries, Santosh Singh and Ashwini Tyagi, have put in their papers in strong protest against the move.The three are understood to have shot off a letter off protest to state BJP chief Surya Pratap Shahi and national president Nitin Gadkari. The letter points out how the three office-bearers had struggled to rise to the state secretary level.\"Gadkariji has always told us that he made his way up through the mill. We would like to know when did Pankaj Singh ever do any work in the party,\" Singh said. Pankaj was given the party general secretary post as compensation after he was denied a ticket in UP polls.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "dehra dun", "code": "11599447", "title": "EC rejects complaint against Khanduri", "text": "DEHRA DUN: The Election Commission has rejected a complaint filed by Congress that Uttarakhand chief minister B C Khanduri had violated the Model Code of Conduct by publishing advertisements, saying all expenditure incurred in this regard will not be counted from his account.In the complaint state Congress spokesman Surendra Kumar had alleged that Khanduri has published advertisements worth lakhs of rupees in national and local dailies which carried his photograph and a slogan \"Khanduri hai zaroori\" despite the fact that he himself is contesting the assembly election from Kotdwar as a BJP candidate.In this regard, Kumar had pointed out that the EC has fixed a limit of Rs 11 lakh on expenses by a candidate and claimed that Khanduri has already spent nearly Rs one crore on such advertisements.Congress had said if the expenditure on election rallies being held by star campaigners of Congress is being included in the expenses made by its party candidates, then the EC should take action in this matter also.\"Since Khanduri is a star campaigner of the BJP, the EC has clarified that all the money spent on advertisements of the ruling party will not be included in his individual expenses, deputy electoral officer Saujanya said, adding these would be accounted to the party.Uttrakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11595722", "title": "Patil puts onus on Centre for policy", "text": "MANGALORE: Women and child welfare minister C C Patil on Sunday put the onus of tackling malnutrition on the Centre by saying the Prime Minister should evolve a policy to overcome the problem under a single window system. The state government had last week submitted a report in the high court stating that at least 12 lakh children below 6 years are underweight due to malnutrition.\"Malnutrition cannot be tackled by my department alone. There are other departments which are also equally responsible like water and sanitation. But on our part, we are doing everything possible to tackle the problem like providing medical facilities and one and half times the food given to a normal child to a malnourished child, apart from campaigns,'' he said while talking to TOI before the inauguration of Bal Bharath Srujanotsav on Saturday.\"According to the Hunger and Malnutrition Survey report 2011, 51% of mothers do not give their first milk to the new born. This problem also requires to be tackled as it is cause of malnutrition and it needs a broad framework of policy by the centre,'' he added. The minister also said that the new supplementary food system which was launched last week in Gadag for angnawadi centres would be extended to all anganwadi centres in the state within a fortnight. Under the new food system nutritious food will be served to children aged between six months and three years and pregnant and lactating mothers. The menu includes rava laadu, ragi payasa and rice kheer. \"Understanding the dietary requirements and food patterns of people in parts of the state, we will provide what is required locally,\" he said. \"The budget for this new menu is the same as being provided for the mid day meals,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11597560", "title": "Appetizing food ads to blame for obesity epidemic", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have confirmed what many people have long suspected - mouthwatering images of food in advertisements is fuelling obesity epidemic.A team at the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry has found that it only takes a picture of tempting food to cause a change in the level of ghrelin hormone which control people's appetite - and this makes many hungry, the 'Daily Mail' said.In fact, the effect of the hormones are so powerful that a photograph can make you want to eat a slice of cake just two hours after breakfast , says the study. The researchers suggest that people trying to shed the flab should avoid looking at pictures of tempting food.They have based their findings after conducting an experiment where they monitored the reaction of healthy men to images of food. The subjects were shown pictures of appetizing food while having their hormone levels measured.The findings revealed that levels of ghrelin increased when the men were shown food pictures. Lead researcher Petra Schussler said: \"The findings of our study demonstrate that the release of ghrelin into the blood for the regulation of food consumption is also controlled by external factors. Our brain thereby processes these visual stimuli, and the physical processes that control our perception of appetite are triggered involuntarily .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596186", "title": "No change in SSC, HSC exam timetable: State board", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra state Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has stated there will be no change in the dates of state board examinations for classes X and XII due to the impending civic elections.The state board, for the first time, announced the time table for the secondary school certificate (SSC) and higher secondary school (HSC) examinations at the start of the academic year in July 2011. As per the timetable, the SSC exam will be held from March 1, 2012, while the HSC exam will commence from February 21, 2012.\"However, the board has been receiving a number of calls from parents and students asking if there was any change in the timetable as the date of the civic election was announced recently and would be held on February 16,\" said secretary of the board Shahaji Dhekne.The board has decided to go ahead with the same timetable as announced earlier and said the elections will not come in way of the examination.A detailed timetable of both the examinations has been posted on the board's website msbshse.ac.in. Earlier, when the 2010-11 HSC results were announced, the board officials had said they were exploring the possibility of announcing the timetable for the exams a year in advance. The idea was to help students organize their study schedule for the examinations.The SSC examination begins with first, second and third language papers in two sessions and the first session is scheduled at 11 am, while the second will begin at 3 pm. The HSC examination also begins with the English language paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595983", "title": "Raj all set to become Ranji champ for 2nd time", "text": "JAIPUR: It's all over bar the shouting. Rajasthan are the Ranji Trophy champions once again, just that it will become official only on Monday. Having taken 326-run first innings lead over Tamil Nadu in Chennai on Sunday, the fourth day of the five-day final, Rajasthan chose to play safe.They did not enforce a follow-on. Defensive mindset? Not quite. Playing with four bowlers under the unfamiliar humid conditions, Rajasthan team management had every reason to give those workhorses some rest. Did the selectors watch the Rajasthan show this time? Will they take these unknown boys seriously now? \"They should,\" Rajasthan Cricket Association officiating secretary KK Sharma said.\"The BCCI just can't keep ignoring the performance of our boys.\" Sanjay Dixit agrees. \"After such a consistent performance, it would be grossly unfair to keep ignoring the Rajasthan players. \"If three players Kanitkar, Chopra and Parida had crucial roles to play in Rajasthan's maiden title last year, this time many youngsters came up with brilliant performances. Vineet Saxena is 31 and cannot be called a youngster , but can the selectors ignore his patient 257 on a wicket that wasn't all that easy to bat on?Or his half-century at Lahli in the semifinal against Haryana under extremely difficult conditions? Or his half-century at Lahli in the semifinal against Haryana under extremely difficult conditions? Will they keep ignoring Pankaj Singh also? \"He has been one of the most consistent bowlers in the past four years,\" Dixit pointed out. \"He has taken 145 wickets. Bowlers who have been one or two-match wonders have been given opportunties, while Pankaj has been ignored.\"The argument against Pankaj is that he got an opportunity, but failed to grab it. If similar logic had worked for Sourav Ganguly , Indian cricket would not have had one of its best captains ever.\"Our boys have proved that they are at par with anyone in the game ,\" Lakshyaraj Singh, the prince of Mewar and a senior official with the Rajasthan Cricket Association, said. \"I am not saying we are in the same league as Mumbai or the teams from south, but we are no longer minnows.The national selectors should now look at these boys too.\"Robin Bist is set to become the highest run-getter of the season. In fact, he has great chance of crossing the 1000-run mark on Monday. He already has 942 runs and Rajasthan could well promote him up the order to reach that four-figure mark. Saxena is now second on the list with 894 runs, having relegated Tamil Nadu's Abhinav Mukund to the third spot. Are the selectors interested? These players need at least a chance to fail. Will they be given that chance? Or will Ranji Trophy once again be reduced to an irrelevant domestic competition?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11596114", "title": "Mamata may grace mass marriage on Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "KOLKATA: While the rest of the city will say it with roses, chocolates and heart-shaped red balloons, a group of enthusiasts have planned an offbeat Valentine's Day celebrations this year. On February 14, at least 100 poor girls, who are of age but whose parents are too poor to marry them off,will be married off in a mass wedding. There are chances that the couples will tie the knot in the presence of chief minister Mamata Banerjee . Trinamool MP Sudip Bandyopadhyay will also be present at the occasion.The mass marriage has been organized by an NGO, Aloe Phera. It was during the camps in various districts that organizers got in touch with extremely poor families where getting girls married off on time was perhaps the greatest possible emergency.\"We have selected girls from both the Hindu and Muslim communities. But we didn't go to the extent of selecting the grooms. We have left it for the families to decide. The ceremony will take place at Tala Park. We have already booked it from the KMC,\" said Goutam Halder, spokesperson of Aloe Phera.Beautician Keya Seth has associated herself with the initiative and will not only groom the brides on their big day but will also give them a beauty course to make them self sufficient. The girls will be gifted with furniture, utensils and a sewing machine each. Each couple will also be free to invite 50 guests to the wedding.\"It will be a mammoth affair and is being done at a cost of nearly Rs 30 lakh, which is being collected through donation,\" said Halder. He confirmed that an invitation has already been sent to Mamata Banerjee. Unless some other emergency crops up, she is expected to attend.The MP has already confirmed his participation. \"For a long time I have associated myself with mass marriages. It means the world to poverty stricken people in the villages,\" Bandopadhyay said.\"When I meet her next I will request her to be present at the event because that will give all of us associated with this event, an added confidence. I will also ensure that this becomes an annual affair,\" Bandopadhyay added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11595875", "title": "Four accidents in a day leave six dead", "text": "NAGPUR: Speed claimed six lives in four mishaps in the city and district within 24 hours. An accident near Sai Mandir chowk, shortly after Saturday midnight, claimed the lives of Raju Walde and Khushal Pate, leaving their families devastated.Walde's eldest daughter Rohini is a second-year student, elder son Rohit is in standard XII while youngest Dolly is in standard X. Pate, who was an employee of tax recovery section of Nagpur Municipal Corporation, too has a two-and-half-year-old son Lavanya.Walde and Pate's bike was dragged for around 40 feet after a car dashed them from behind just before the Chhatrapati Nagar flyover. The car driven by Mohammed Asif also damaged a signboard at the beginning of the flyover after it skidded on to the divider before coming to a halt. Asif and other occupants of the car, all natives of Wardha, had come to Nagpur to attend a wedding ceremony.The car occupants were learnt to be under the influence of alcohol. Dhantoli police have taken Asif into custody. In another incident, a collision between a truck and a bike on Nagpur-Umred Road killed two persons on Saturday. Barik Langori and Vijay Bandu were killed when an oncoming truck hit them while the biker was heading towards Umrer. Kuhi police have registered an offence in the case.On Sunday afternoon, Anil Bharti, in his 20s, was killed after his four-wheeler rammed into an oncoming truck on Saoner-Nagpur road near Patansaongi. Married around six months ago, Bharti is learnt to have recently shifted his wife from his native place in Uttar Pradesh to Nagpur. Bharti's two co-passengers Gulab Singh and Ashwin Tandekar were also injured in the accident. Sources said that Bharti and his friends had an altercation at Patansaongi and were heading towards Nagpur to bring their friends.Saoner police have registered an offence in the case. Later on Sunday evening, another person died in a road accident on Kamptee Road in the jurisdiction of Yashodhara Nagar police station. The pedestrian was knocked down by a truck which crushed his head. Police said that a diary was found in his pocket but it did not had any information about the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596625", "title": "Recreational hub to come up in Ganga diara soon", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites will soon have a new hub of recreational, adventure and cultural activities as Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has planned to develop one such centre at the Ganga diara.\"Notice inviting tenders for the purpose was issued early this month,\" Navin Kumar, deputy general manager, BSTDC, told TOI.The corporation has decided to set up an amusement park for children and water sports facilities for youngsters at the diara. Elephant, horse and camel ride would be the added attraction for visitors. \"We are also planning to organize various cultural and musical activities like folk song and dance performance by local artists and musical shows of various bands on a daily basis,\" said Kumar.The food plaza here would offer various popular Bihari cuisines along with Chinese, Continental and Indian delicacies of various states. There would be both snacks and main course corner for visitors.\"It would be a complete hangout spot, offering entertainment and enjoyment to all the age groups,\" Kumar said, adding, \"This hangout will remain open only for nine months every year. During the rainy season all such activities here would be suspended.\"This proposed recreational centre would be built in a one kilometre area from the bank, said an official of BSTDC. There would be entry fee. \"But the charges are yet to be decided. These would be decided by the agency taking up the project,\" said Kumar.The hub would be made operational under PPP (public private partnership) mode. BSTDC would be giving the land on lease to the interested agency at the rate of Rs 2 per square feet per month which would be valid for the first year only. For the next five years, it would be at the rate of Rs 5 per square feet per month. The agency interested in setting up this new hangout spot would have to use a minimum area of 100 sq metres.\"The proposed facility will have to be totally eco-friendly, robust and safe for all age groups in general and children in particular,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11595441", "title": "Kashmir zealots push Christians into valley of fear", "text": "SRINAGAR: From the toast of Srinagar to a man with a question mark about his intentions, it's been quite a journey for Juan Marcos Troia, an Argentinian football coach and star of the documentary, 'Inshallah Football'.In 2009, Marcos was credited with reviving football in Kashmir. 'Inshallah Football' is about one of Marcos's best players, Basharat, the son of a former militant, and his dream to play in Brazil. Though initially denied, Basharat got his passport and went to Brazil a few months ago. But there is no smile of satisfaction on Marcos's face. Much has changed since 2009.Kashmir is in the grip of a controversy surrounding religious conversions by priests and foreign NGOs. Everyone, it seems, is under the scanner. Troia, who has been questioned by the state football association about the funding for his clubs, is now the target of a whisper campaign. Fundamentalists are ratcheting up religious mobilization.His house vandalized, Marcos is now running around asking cops for help. \"We have to fend for ourselves,\" says his dejected wife, Priscilla.The controversy began when a video surfaced showing a pastor C M Khanna baptizing young Muslim boys. A Sharia court \"summoned\" Khanna and accused him of converting Muslims by luring them with money; a claim that the Christian Council of India denies. Khanna was arrested for disturbing communal peace. He is now on bail but the Sharia court ordered his \"expulsion\" from the state. Although this court has no legal sanctity, political parties have remained silent.This has left the field open for further pressure on the 400-odd Christians in the Valley. The two missionary schools in Srinagar are now facing calls to include Islamic prayers as part of the curriculum and prove they do not promote Christianity.The few foreign nationals who live here are harassed. \"I got a call around midnight, and this man on the phone asked me how many Bibles I had, how my 'real motive' was known to him,\" said one foreigner.Local converts are worse off. A few weeks ago, the mere rumour that a few boys in a Ganderbal village had converted led to a raids by five carloads of men led by a maulvi from a madrassa. Their homes were ransacked.Adding to this climate was an article in Kashmir's leading English daily on Friday last. Titled 'Apostasy unveiled', the full page spread is an alleged first person account of one of the boys pastor Khanna had converted. The story of Class 10 student reads like a film script.He was trapped by the pastor who used a girl to entice him to drink alcohol. Then blackmailed him with a video recording. The student is \"progressively addicted to alcohol, women, money, drugs, and the promise of weapons\".At each stage, pastor Khanna's personal involvement is recorded. The highlight is this passage: \"There were candles and an empty glass on the table. As the prayers went on, someone brought a jug full of red liquid and poured it into the glass. It was swine blood which we all had to drink. Khanna took some sips, then his daughter and I joined the others.\"This is the most talked about news in Srinagar - on twitter and facebook, in living rooms and cafes. \"One comes to know the extent to which these people will go to convert,\" read a facebook comment.Even educated people this reporter spoke to believe sex, booze and money is the only reason why anyone would convert to Christianity. For the Christians here it's an indictment they shall have to learn to live with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11596136", "title": "Susgaon deaths: Suffocation likely cause, says Adhikari", "text": "PUNE: Anirban Adhikari (33), whose wife Konkona and eight-month-old son Aditya were found dead under mysterious circumstances on January 15, told the police on Sunday that the incident may have taken place due to suffocation.Konkona and Aditya were found dead in the couple's two bedroom flat in Nea Apartment in Susgaon on January 15. Adhikari - a senior multimedia developer in a private company - was found unconscious in the flat.Though the Hinjewadi police were investigating the case from the angle of suicide, no poisonous substance was found from Adhikari's residence.Adhikari, who was undergoing treatment in a private hospital at Shivajinagar, was discharged on Saturday. The Hinjewadi police on Sunday recorded his statement.Police inspector of the Hinjewadi police station Balasaheb Surve told TOI that Adhikari told the police that the incident may have taken place due to suffocation. \"Even the doctors said that traces of carbon monoxide were found while checking him.\"\"Adhikari said that due to the cold, the couple had lit a coal stove to keep the room warm for their son. He said that he did not remember what had happened after that. He even told us that he and his wife were not well,\" he added.Surve said the police have registered a case of accidental death in this regard. \"We have given several samples collected from Adhikari's flat for chemical analysis. We are waiting for the report. The course of action will be decided thereafter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9565595", "title": "Caught while having sex?", "text": "When was the last time your boss walked in while you were all heated down under? Got scathing comments from your dad about your last night mushy talks with your beloved?Or a curious auntyji caught you crossing limits under the staircase? Admit it, for it's something that's bound to happen. All of us have faced embarrassing sex moments that we would ideally like to forget.\"Don't fret about imperfect moments in your sex life; just rejoice and hold your lover tight. Your ability to deal with embarrassing situations reflects the strength of your relationship. Real understanding is about being able to feel at ease with each other in awkward circumstances as well. Emotional presence and trust is the biggest aphrodisiac and the thrill can last a lifetime,\" explains Renu Rai, a psychatrist.We bring you a list of the most awkward sexual encounters and the ways you can avoid being caught...Your mom cancels her trip and comes back home: Ravi Sharma, a student, shares his experience, \"My ex and I had planned for a steamy night once my parents left for an official trip abroad for three days. I wanted to make her feel special. My parent's bedroom was the spacious one, so I lit it up with candles and scented oils to create the perfect ambience for sex. In the attached bathroom, I prepared for a hot bubble bath together. The afternoon my parents left, my ex and I were in an over-the-session. We were busy in the bathroom when my mom and my aunt walked in on us in a compromising position. We were caught in an embarrassing embrace. My ex ran out with whatever clothes she could find, but post the episode my parents did not speak to me for four months.\"Expert talk: Pschologist, Poornima Sahni advises, \"It's natural for young lovers to indulge in such activities in the heat of the moment. However, if you are caught, it is difficult to get over the shock. What is important is to keep in mind that when you are caught by your parents, they experience the same kind of disillusionment as you. So it is important to talk it out with your family in a free and frank manner. Initially there would be a lot of anger, but your persistence would pay off after sometime.\"Dad overhears your phone sex : Sandhya Singh, a call centre executive, speaks about the time when she was caught getting hot and dirty over the phone by her father. \"I thought everyone at my home was asleep. So when my boyfriend called, I started talking to him and we were actually being quite explicit. Unfortunately my dad chose that moment to get up for a drink of water. And I never realised that he was overhearing our candid conversation, until he made some sound to alert me about his presence. I just wanted to die that very moment.\"Expert talk: According to Sahni, phone sex isn't a good idea. \"Having phone sex can be quite thrilling, but you are making yourself vulnerable to a lot of things. It's not just about your parents, but about your dignity. The guy/girl you are talking to may just record the conversation and circulate it amongst their peers. So in that case it's just not about you, but also about your family. And most likely your parents are bothered about that more. So, its best to use a little thought before doing these things.\"Your sister catches you in the act: Sakshi Shekhar, a management student reveals,\" Once I had called my boyfriend when my parents were out. My elder sister was sleeping in the next room. I assumed I had latched her door from outside, but due to some discrepancy on my part she caught us mid act, with my boyfriend literally on top. She immediately left and we ended being the worst enemies at that time for she kept on blackmailing me with it. She would threaten me that she would pass on this information to our parents and I had to do everything she said.\"Expert talk: Pschologist Dr Akash Makhija explains, \"Siblings can be quite tortuous at times. If you ever get caught by your sibling, the best thing to do is to go up and confide everything to him/her. Siblings can become the greatest confidantes. Apologise and accept that it was a mistake. They will counsel you about it, keep a tab on your activities, but at the end of the day, they can end up becoming your best friend. And you never know, they might be saving you from some disastrous relationship.\"Your best friend's brother sneaks on you : \"Me and my friend had just watched a porn film and I was desperate to visit the loo. I was just too excited and forgot to shut the door behind me. Moreover, I just thought that my friend's younger brother must be sleeping. Only to find him watching me suspiciously when I was trying to ease masturbate. And what's more, he was actually recording all that on his cell. I got so nervous thinking it would be up on the net in no time. I had to bribe that kid so much to push him to delete that clip,\" shares Prateek Sen, a medical student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600310", "title": "Tom Hiddleston wants a holiday", "text": "The 30-year-old actor hasn't taken a break for five years and wants to use some down time to go on holiday and learn to surf.He said: \"I'm going to go on holiday this year. I haven't had a formal holiday in five years. I'd like to try to surf. Possibly Cornwall? Or, if the wind took me there, Bali.\"The 'War Horse' actor also wants to buy a car soon so he can travel to new places after his old vehicle got stolen.He told Shortlist magazine: \"I don't have a car at the moment and I'd like a slightly nicer one than my old one.\"Basically, when I got my first pay cheque from an HBO/BBC thing in 2001, it was just enough to afford a Peugeot 106-1.1. I had it for 10 years and I drove it round France and Spain.\"Then when I went to America to do 'Thor', I left it with my sister and I don't think it lasted very long. So I'm in need of four motorised wheels to take me places I've never been.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11597058", "title": "Winning fans with symbol", "text": "Pakha saaf karna hai ji? (Does your fan need to be cleaned?).\" As Satbir Singh Khatra goes house to house seeking votes, this is his salutation. This independent from Patiala rural constituency says, \"I have been allotted fan as the election symbol and want to clean all bad things from the society like drugs, dowry and corruption.\"Satbir is the only son of former Patiala SSP Ranbir Singh Khatra and owns assets worth crores. Seeing this millionaire clean fans, many can't help but feel amused.\"Ih sab votan lain layee kar riha hai (He is doing this for votes),\" says Gurdarshan of Tripadi. An elderly woman from the area adds, \"Kise ne ta maariya cheejan nu khatam karan lai kadam chukiya (At least somebody has taken an initiative to eradicate social evils).\" Satbir was in SAD and was expelled after he announced to contest as an independent. \"His campaign is much more effective than all other candidates, who don't bother to give us any attention despite spending crores,\" says Ramesh Kumar, another voter from the area.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11596739", "title": "Karpoori birth anniv tomorrow", "text": "PATNA: The EBC cell of the JD (U) will celebrate birth anniversary of former CM Karpoori Thakur on January 24 at the open air theatre of Bharatiya Nritya Kala Mandir.After reviewing the preparations on Sunday, EBC cell chief Chandeshwar Prasad Chandravanshi said that CM Nitish Kumar would inaugurate the function and state party president Vashishtha Narayan Singh will be the chief guest.Chandravanshi said the EBCs should also get reservation in state legislature and parliament besides central services on the line of quota provided by the Bihar government.The demand will be forcefully raised at the function to be attended by ministers and legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11595767", "title": "Objectivity &amp; obsession with subject must for biographers", "text": "JAIPUR: Narrating someone else's life story needs objectivity and a manic obsession with the subject. These are the cardinal points a biographer needs to keep in mind, said a panel of eminent biographers at a session at Durbar Hall at the Jaipur Literature Festival on Sunday.\"For a David it could still not be too bad, but if I start enjoying Stalin more than required, it will not be too nice,\" said Simon Sebag Montifiore author of critically-acclaimed books Young Stalin and Stalin: The Court of the Red Tsar.Giving him company at the dais were New Yorker editor David Remnick , Joseph Lelyveld, Peter Popham and Sugata Bose at the session 'Public and Private Portraits: The Biographer's Art'. Lelyveld's biography on Mahatma Gandhi Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle with India courted controversy over portraying Gandhi as a bisexual.\"Writing a biography is always about exploring what has not been told,\" said Remnick, author of The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama .Sharing his experience of closely observing Obama, Remnick said before Obama's meteoric rise, getting access to him so easy that \"one could get fed up\" of it.Peter Popham, biographer of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi talked about the overwhelming moment of being a witness to a huge procession that gathered on the streets to the take Suu Kyi's blessings. Popham's research got a major push when he managed to get hold of the Burmese leader's diary that she had maintained when in prison.In writing about a historical figure, archives play a very vital role, said Sugata Bose, grandnephew of Netaji, who went back to the freedom fighter's note while writing his biography.Bose raised the point of difficulty in maintaining objectivity and keeping prejudice aside. Remnick and Popham gave credit to their journalistic background that helped their writings be facts driven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11597072", "title": "TMC vs Cong in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee will address a public meeting at Langjing Achouba ground near a CRPF camp here on Wednesday .In the 60-seat Manipur assembly, the party fielded 47 candidates, including its lone MLA K Sharat Singh and three legislators who recently joined Trinamool.Trinamool has no alliance with the ruling Congress in the state.After releasing the party's poll manifesto, Trinamool leader and MP Derek O'Brien on Sunday said senior leaders, including Union shipping minister Mukul Roy, will accompany Mamata on her Imphal visit.\"I was supposed to stay in Manipur for a day but when I told our party members about people's love and affection for our party here, Mamata Banerjee asked me to stay in Manipur till the poll ends,\" Derek said. As Mamata is entitled to Z-plus security, officials will disclose the exact time of her public address at the Langjing ground soon, he added.Responding to a query on whether Trinamool will go in for a post-poll alliance, Derek said, \"We will go by the decision taken by our leaders as well as the people after the election.\"The party's Manipur unit president and former MP, Kim Gangte, said, \"Let the people decide and bless us to form the government in the state.\"In its manifesto, Trinamool said Manipur's problems needed urgent attention and the party was determined to address them. \"Today love, respect and understanding is missing among us and hence integrity is threatened. Trinamool will take up all possible steps so that we can live with love and mutual respect,\" the party manifesto said. Stating that the presence of security forces in Manipur is one of the main reasons for the anger of the people in Manipur, the party promised to strive for gradual reduction of such forces in the state. The party manifesto said Trinamool would not allow the entry of FDI in retail trade in Manipur and would take steps to safeguard the interests of small traders.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11600392", "title": "Team Anna to campaign in Punjab for Lokpal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Carrying forward their fight for a strong Lokpal, Team Anna members will campaign in Punjab tomorrow.The team's visit to Punjab will coincide with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's second visit to the state.Those who will campaign in Punjab include former IRS officer Arvind Kejriwal , former IPS Kiran Bedi , Manish Sisodia, Kumar Vishwas, Naveen Jaihind and Gopal Das.Before kick-starting the campaign, the Team Anna will pay obeisance at the Golden temple, Amritsar.The Team Anna and its members and supporters do not favour any political party or any individual, a team member said, adding that the only purpose of the Anna team was enactment of a strong Lokpal bill.Both ruling SAD-BJP alliance and opposition Congress in Punjab had traded charges of corruption against each other in run up to the polls scheduled for January 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11600202", "title": "Ewan McGregor needed career break", "text": "Ewan McGregor needed a break after working his a**e off for four years.The Scottish actor revealed it was only when he and wife Eva Mavrakis adopted a baby girl last year that he decided to cut back on work because he didn't want to miss out on her vital first months with her new family.Ewan - who has three other daughters Clara, 15, Esther, nine and Jamiyan, nine with Eve - told Seven magazine: \"I finished a film in September and I just felt I'd worked my a**e off for years. I felt like I just hadn't stopped. Which I hadn't. And I just thought one day that I didn't have to work if I didn't want to. It was like the sky suddenly opening up. I called my wife and suggested that I didn't work for the rest of the year and it's been lovely.\"It was great to be at home. We've got a new baby, and those are beautiful months that you won't get back if you're not there.\"Ewan and Eve have been together for over 16 years and he appreciates \"the lovely feeling of being with someone for a really long time, you know each other so well and you're so comfortable in each other's company.\"I get asked a lot what the secret to a happy marriage is but there's no secret other than to be in love with the woman you're sharing your life with.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11595917", "title": "Empty school bus set on fire", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons allegedly set ablaze an empty school bus of a private school in Pimpri during the early hours of Sunday. The Sangvi police told TOI the incident took place when the bus was parked on the premises of the B T Memorial English Medium School, around 3 am.Police said that the one of the trustees of the school, Pravin Totlani, has filled a complaint application in this regard and an incident of fire has been registered with the Sangvi police station. The reason behind the fire is not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11596368", "title": "Miffed Muslim board may hurt UPA in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Annoyed over the uncertainty looming over their demands for amendments in RTE Act, Waqf Property and Direct Taxes Code bills, the All India Muslim Personal Law Board has started public meetings to mobilise public opinion against UPA government's 'dilly-dallying tactics'.Speaking to TOI, AIMPLB spokesperson Abdul Rahim Qureshi claims that the board had appraised the ministry of finance and the parliamentary standing sommittee chaired by senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha about the concerns, but to no avail. \"As a result, the board went ahead with its plans to mobilise mass support cutting across religious lines by organising jalsaas (meetings) in all the major cities of the country. The first meet was held in Mumbai on January 19. Emboldened by the response, the board is now set to hold similar meetings in New Delhi, Patna, Darbhanga, Bhopal, Aurangabad and Lucknow,\" said Qureshi. The jalsaa in Lucknow may be held in two weeks.While the jalsaas might leave the Congress unhappy, it may come as a blessing in disguise for the Samajwadi Party, which has already promised to incorporate the demands of the Board related to the Waqf Property Bill in its election manifesto. Mulayam has also announced sops for the madrasas, which too are in sync with the Board's demands for amendments in the RTE Act. The Board has sought exemption of madrasas from the ambit of the RTE Act.Member of the executive committee of AIMPLB Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahali, who is also the naib imam of Lucknow's biggest Eidgah at Aishbagh, says, \"The board was in regular correspondence with the Centre, but to no avail. A couple of days before the assembly elections were notified, some Congress leaders gave statements in the media that they have taken up our demands with the cabinet and the prime minister. However, we are yet to receive any written or oral communication from the Centre.\"Senior lawyer and convenor of the All India Babri Masjid Action Committee (AIBMAC) Zafaryab Jilani says, \"RTE Act would spell doom for the madrasas and junior high school run by Muslim bodies. Most of them will not be able to meet the stringent standards required for government recognition and eventually leading to their closure.\"According to board members, the Direct Taxes Code Bill threatens to end the concessions granted to Muslim religious places, institutions and Anjumans (organisations) in tax payment. The Waqf Property Act would take away absolute rights of the community over the income. The Board had expressed its reservation on this issue for the first time over a year-and-half ago at its working committee meeting in Bhatkal (Karnataka). \"The demand has been repeated several times since then, but nothing has happened,\" said Jilani.With Muslims constituting almost 18.5% of UP's population, the community has the capacity to influence the political fortunes of the candidates in as many as 130 of the 403 assembly seats. As a result, the resentment among the board members may reflect in the poll.Explaining their stand against the Acts, Qureshi said that the RTE Act 2010 has some major flaws. It does not recognise religious schools such as madrasas, seminaries and Vedic pathshalas. \"Though the religious and linguistic minorities have been given the right to establish their institutions and function as autonomous institutions, the RTE is going against this spirit,\" he said. \"Further, another concern is that there is scope in Section 10 of the RTE Act where, in future, parents can be punished for not sending their wards to school. We would like the government to address these apprehensions specifically,\" he added.On the question of Waqf (Amendment) Bill 2010 there are several lacunae that have come to the notice of the board. \"We have forwarded 40 objections. Many of these are serious,\" he said. The Direct Taxes Code 2010 would bring religious institutions under the purview of income tax and wealth tax, Qureshi said. Earlier, the government had given exemption to such institutions. The implementation of DTC would hit institutions that have been developed to help people hailing from different faiths.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11590024", "title": "Celebrate Republic Day with Radhika Chanana's special line of jewellery", "text": "Celebrate Republic Day with Radhika Chanana's special line of jewelleryDesigner Radhika Chanana has come up with a special line of accessories so you could falunt your partriotic spirit on Republic Day. ICE Accessories by Radhika Chanana consists of versatile precious and semi-precious pieces, perfect for every festive occasion this season.The precious jewelry collection consists of Indian Jadau pieces made in pure gold with beautiful designs encrusted with polki, tourmaline, coral, turquoise and other stones. This line consists of stunning earrings, beautiful strung necklaces and large rings and bracelets or 'Bajubands' and cuffs. The price range of the semi-precious collection is Rs 3000 and up for earrings, Rs 2800 and up for neckpieces and Rs 4000 and up for bracelets whereas that of precious collection starts at Rs 14,000 and goes up to Rs 2,00,000.deblina.chakravorty@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "deoria", "code": "11596626", "title": "MSY urges voters to dislodge BSP", "text": "DEORIA: Urging the voters to dislodge Bahujan Samaj Party, Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Sunday promised to provide an ideal government if voted to power in Uttar Pradesh. Addressing election rallies in Deoria and Kushinagar, he said that if voted to power, Samajwadi Party would present a model of honesty and justice and give an ideal government.\"SP would ensure welfare of all sections of the society and warned that stern action would be taken against the corrupt and all those involved in loot of public money,\" said Mulayam.Attacking BSP government, Yadav said that in the interest of the state, people must remove it.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596312", "title": "Dejected by overheating processor, Puneet devised own laptop health pad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is rightly said there is no set formula for evolving an innovative technology or an out-of-the-box idea and in some cases it happens out of a sheer failure! And the case of 29-year-old Puneet Bhalla, who is an entrepreneur, is also the same.It was an absolute dejection after the processor of his brand new laptop went off in 2006, which prompted Bhalla to conceptualize Laptop Health Pad (LHP). After months of sleepless nights and intensive research, Puneet made an aluminum laptop tray to prevent his laptop from overheating. Gradually, he added many new features in this tray and now it has even reached London and Singapore , through word of mouth marketing.\"I had bought a new laptop and its processor went-off due to over-heating. I was obviously sad on losing my expensive machine, but that setback motivated me to evolve my own device to avoid such an incident in future. I also searched the internet and market, but the available laptop trays were not good,\" Bhalla, who is in the business of high-precision microscopes, told TOI.\"I have added many features in the tray; you can adjust the height of the laptop screen by using attached 'adjustment mechanism'. It can be adjusted at 10 to 30 degrees angle and helps the screen to come in line with your eyes so that you do not need to bend your neck while using it,\" said Bhalla.After seeing the benefits of LHP, Bhalla started gifting these to his close friends and relatives. And with time, he started getting queries from people who inadvertently saw or used these trays. \"Initially, I had made this device for personal use. But it caught the fancy of everyone and I got scores of queries. I manufactured them in my workshop and started supplying it to people. It is not a commercial venture but I only take the manufacturing cost. Just through friends, it has even reached London and Singapore,\" pointed out Bhalla.LHP is very portable and can be easily taken along in the laptop bag. Puneet, a resident of Zirakpur town, has also made a Facebook page to popularize them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11596294", "title": "Diesel smugglers arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: In a day-long raid on Saturday, police arrested three persons trying to smuggle 20,000 litres of diesel.During the raid, police flagged down three lorries. While checking the vehicles, police found diesel in two vehicles and 3,000 litres of furnace oil in the third. But the licence with them was for ferrying furnace oil and not diesel.\"The vehicles belonged to a private petrochemical company. They have a license to carry furnace oil and process it. But they are not authorised to transport diesel,\" said a police officer.Police seized the two lorries and arrested the drivers and the manager of the petrochemical firm.Police are probing who is behind it, where the lorries were headed, what they planned to do. \"We want to know what they wanted to do with such large quantity of diesel,\" said the officer.Apart from the smugglers, police arrested a total of 803 people for various offences on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11597803", "title": "Changing weather fogs people, their plans", "text": "LUDHIANA: On Sunday, Karan Puri, a businessman and resident of Sarabha Nagar, woke up to cloudy and windy weather and dropped his plan to go out with friends. But in the afternoon, there came bright sunlight and he wondered if he should have gone out. \"First, I was very disappointed but then decided not to waste this time and called my friends for a lunch that we enjoyed on terrace.It was very confusing throughout the day because weather was frequently changing, making it difficult to make plans,\" he said.Not just Karan, most of the residents had tough time deciding what to do due to changing weather conditions. In the morning, a thick blanket of fog had engulfed the city and by 10am, there was light sunlight but clouds covered the sky. Then when people thought their Sunday was spoiled, around 1pm came bright sunlight that lasted till the evening.On Sunday, the maximum temperature was recorded as 16.6 degrees celsius while the minimum was 7.2 degrees celsius. It remained hazy all throughout the day. According to the met department, there were frequent changes in the weather because the wind was blowing and clouds were covering the sky again and again.The chill is expected to continue for some more time because of snowfall in hilly areas. Humidity level was 67% while the visibility was hovering between 0.7km and 1.5 km due to haziness.However, there were few who stepped out of their houses for shopping when they saw it was going to be a warm day.\"In the afternoon, it was quite warm due to bright sunlight and seemed like a nice day for shopping,\" said Jyoti Sharma, a resident of Model Town and a student. \"Some of my friends also accompanied me because in the next few days, there are many weddings slated in my friends circle and family,\" she added.In the evening, markets were flooded with people after many days. There was hustle bustle in the markets of Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, Ghumar Mandi, College Road and other adjoining markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11597434", "title": "Ensure ramps construction at colleges: DEO", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District election officer Alok Kumar has directed the district inspector of school (DIOS) to ensure construction of ramps at all the colleges, which would serve as polling booths in the assembly elections. If the ramps are not ready in time, then a case would be lodged against the DIOS, warned the DEO.The district election officer was holding a review meeting with sector magistrates regarding the election preparations on Sunday.The sector magistrate informed the DEO that during inspections it was found ramps have not been constructed in some of the schools, where polling booths have been set up. The DEO stressed that construction of ramps at the polling booths is necessary and no laxity would be tolerated in this connection.It was also pointed out during the meeting that the roof of some of the schools, in which polling booths have to be set up, has cracked.The DEO directed that roof of such schools be repaired immediately.Assembly Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11597360", "title": "Rohit, crew of hijacked ship, returns home", "text": "KOCHI: Rohit (28) of Triprayar in Thrissur district of Kerala who was one among the 21 crew members on board the Indian oil tanker hijacked by Somali pirates on August 20, reached home safely on Thursday evening.The crew and the tanker were released by pirates after protracted negotiations last week, and had reached Salalah port in Oman on Tuesday night. Rohit was flown from Salalah to Muscat by Oman Air and from there to Kochi by Jet Airways , after the necessary medical check-ups, the family sources said.The vessel, MT Fairchem Bogey is being managed by Mumbai-based Anglo-Eastern Ship Management, and it was hijacked while remaining anchored at Salalah port for refuelling.Rohit later told reporters at his home that he and other crew members were initially tortured by the Somali pirates. \"They were giving us food but water supply was very limited,\" he said.The other crew members have been flown back to their respective home towns, he said.Rohit said he intended to return back to work after four months. According to him, the company was very supportive during the periods of captivity and had begun negotiating with the pirates within week after of hijacking.There was drama at the Kochi airport as the officials and media people got to know of the arrival of Rohit only after he had left the airport.Some of them were waiting at the airport even when Rohit and family had reached home in Thrissur district.The crew and the tanker were released last week, and had reached Salalah in Oman on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11597189", "title": "Police team will speak to teachers today", "text": "BANGALORE: Kodigehalli police are on Monday planning to visit the Trio World School where the British headmaster was arrested for sending lewd messages to a Class 7 student through a social networking site.Police plan to speak to teachers and will seek to know in confidence whether they had come across any other complaints about the accused, Paul Francis Meekan, 37, for having tried to do similar things with other minor boys, police said.Based on the feedback from teachers, the cops are likely to speak to individual students and their parents. Complete confidentiality will be maintained on the issue, the officers asserted.Police are also checking whether Meekan had posted objectionable messages to any other minor.Meekan was arrested after the boy's parents lodged a complaint with police.They alleged that the headmaster spoke to their son about sex, got the class 7 boy to share his opinions on the subject and posted lewd remarks on the boy's profile on a social networking site.Kodigehalli police have registered a case against Meekan under the IT Act, 2000 and Juvenile Justice Act, 2000.The school said Meekan has been stripped of his post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar bypass", "code": "11597783", "title": "Tech-savvy Praveen busy preparing Google project", "text": "JALANDHAR BYPASS: Praveen Kumar Arora, 21, final year BTech (information technology) student, is working very hard these days. He is busy preparing his second proposal for an international project under Google, which would be scrutinized and considered in the month of April this year.Last year, he was the only one from city to be selected for the international award, 'Google Summer of Code 2011', and wants to repeat his successful performance this year as well.However, it would not be as easy for him as it was last year because now other students are also preparing this time after seeing his success. Thus he is putting all possible efforts to win this award again.\"I had developed a software named 'MeraMap', which helps even common people to easily make use of open street map server for finding locations without taking the help of expert. This time, I am thinking to do some improvisation in this software that would help a person to locate the position of his friends and relatives as well,\" he said.Telling about his IT passion, Praveen said, \"I always had a passion for programming and wanted to do something in the field of IT. That was the reason why I joined BTech. In November 2009, I also got the opportunity of being a part of the team formed for 'Gill Mapping', which was the first village of India to have a high quality digital map.\"Praveen Kumar Arora now wants to do MS in GIS from some prestigious university of USA and then would start his business in India. He said, \"All these efforts and success have been made possible because of my parents and mentors.I would like to thank them for their support.\" His father, Avtar Chand, who is into boutique business, said, \"I feel extremely proud of the fact that my son was selected for such a big programme in the United States of America and contributed to the world of IT. The entire family is happy for his success and would like to see him reaching great heights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11596437", "title": "Finance min studies high use of black money in real estate sector", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP) has asked the inspector general of Registration and Controller of Stamps to submit the details of the three highest-value transactions that happened in the last two years in every area in Mumbai and Pune. It has also sought the number of sale documents registered, registration and stamp duty paid as well as ready reckoner rates fixed in every area.The information has been demanded for a study called 'Estimation of Unaccounted Incomes in India'. The research was commissioned last June by the Central Board of Direct Taxes, which falls under the Union finance ministry.The institute began the study-which means to review recent property deals to check for the use of black money-with Delhi and adjoining Gurgaon and Noida before turning it into an all-India exercise. Incidentally, the first study on unaccounted money was conducted by NIPFP in 1985 wherein the estimates-which are not considered reliable-varied from $462 billion to $1.4 trillion.The CBDT commissioned the new study to unearth the use of black money in property deals that largely goes undetected due to the difference in market prices and registry rates set by state governments. According to income tax officials, the high use of cash in secondary market transactions is an open secret.\"In searches conducted over the past two years on Mumbai builders, we have come across property deals involving huge amounts of cash. Though banned by courts, parking space is sold for cash ranging between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 25 lakh per car. We estimate the cash component varies from 20% to 40% of the total flat cost,\" said a tax official.It has become commonplace for buyers to under-report the transaction to save on registration cost. For sellers, especially those who do not intend to use the money to buy new property, it means a capital tax burden, which they want to evade.According to tax officials, the realty sector is a big generator of black money. This, despite the fact that registrars nationwide have to report all realty transactions valued at Rs 30 lakh and above. The tax department normally compares the info it has with the data given along with the tax returns using the permanent account number furnished by taxpayers while registering property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11596352", "title": "Courier firm held guilty, told to pay for loss of juicer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A lost juicer mixer proved costlier for a leading courier company as consumer forum has held the firm guilty of deficient in services and imposed a heavy penalty. Also, the courier company has been told to refund the price of a new juicer.Devesh Sharma, who runs a shop in Sector 26, had sent a juicer-mixer to his brother in Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, through DTDC Courier Company. However, the mixer was lost on the way and the courier company staff could not trace it.\"I had sent the mixer to my brother in Muzaffarnagar on June 27, 2011 through DTDC. However, the mixer, which was worth Rs 3,699, did not reach its destination. When I filed a complaint with DTDC officials they verbally agreed to give me the claim. However, they neither settled the claim nor gave any compensation for the loss of the consignment,\" said the complainant.However, the counsel of the courier company pleaded that they were trying to trace the consignment and it would be delivered at its destination at the earliest. He added that the complainant is bound by the terms and conditions as printed on the courier receipt and in case of any damage or loss of consignment; he is to be compensated to the extent of only Rs 100.After hearing the arguments, District Consumer Redressal Forum held that there was a deficiency in service, on the part of DTDC. The forum directed it to pay Rs 10,000 as compensation and Rs 3,899 as cost of the mixer, to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11596040", "title": "National Youth Festival starts at Nagpur varsity", "text": "NAGPUR: The 27th National Youth Festival 'Unifest' being hosted by Nagpur University (NU) was seen fulfilling one of its aims, national integration, on the very first day. Students from Punjab could be seen waiting to click photos with the Maharashtrian girls in their traditionally draped saris.Pankaj Chande, president, Association of Indian Universities (AIU), and vice chancellor of Kavikulguru Kalidas Sanskrit University (KKSU), Ramtek, too pointed out the national integration fostered at such events, which helps dispel myths about others.Around 68 universities from across India are taking part in the festival being hosted by NU for the third time. Unfortunately, the inauguration ceremony, which started more than half an hour late, was preceded by a small skirmish between some contingents over rules and regulations of the fest.Later, the Unifest bulletin was released by chief guest Pankaj Chande. He urged students to take their talent seriously and make it a priority. \"We need to change the attitude which relates success only to academics and puts everything else in the background. It is important talented children are given the freedom to pursue their passion and not forced into fields they are not interested in,\" Chande said.Pratiksha Lonkar, Marathi actor and special guest on the occasion, said that such fests were a great platform for youngsters. \"I myself was once a participant and it is great to be back as a guest. These days are the golden period of your life and also when you have to work the hardest, because nothing can be achieved without hard-work and there is no short cut to success,\" she said. Unifest was also the stepping stone for other celebrities like Ashutosh Rana and Adesh Bandekar, she said.Vice chancellors of three universities - NU, KKSU and Himachal University, Shimla - were present on the dais. ADN Bajpai, secretary general, AIU, and vice chancellor of Himachal University said youth was not only a state of physical being, but also of thought.Vilas Sapkal, vice chancellor NU, emphasized on the dynamic nature of art, saying that it was a sphere where constant development was possible. \"The various forms of arts have always been successful in integrating latest technology, \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-23"}
