{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16898042", "title": "More dengue cases reported in district", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to arrest the spread of dengue in the district, the public health services have started issuing red alerts to the team of officials engaged in source reduction and dengue control measures to intensify the operations and prevent a possible outbreak in the predicted areas. As of now, 267 dengue positive cases have been reported in the district since January 2012, out of which 136 were reported from Coimbatore Municipal Corporation limits, including the fresh eight cases on Saturday.\"The alerts are being issued as a forecast for the control measures to be taken in the district. It includes both the corporation and the rural areas in the district,\" said R Damodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore.The dengue forecast is issued after compiling the total number of fever cases reported during the last three months and then correlating it with rainfall data and positive dengue cases reported from each of these localities. The red alerts being issued are to localities that have featured in the list of positive dengue cases during the past three months. \"The alerts are issued to the two Rapid Action Teams (RAT) formed under the public health services department and also to our counterparts in the city municipal corporation,\" Damodharan added.As of now the high risk zones as per the analysis conducted by the officials include most of the congested city areas including Ukkadam, Sundarapuram, Ponniahrajapuram and nearby areas. Vadavalli Udayampalayam, Thadagam Road, Ganapathy and Kuniamuthur are also included in the high risk zone as far as dengue cases are concerned in the corporation limits. \"We are taking all possible measures to control the dengue cases. Our sanitary inspectors and health department staff are monitoring the situation on a daily basis,\" said a senior corporation official.The fresh positive dengue cases reported in the city on Saturday were from Sai Baba Colony, Thadagam Road, Uppilipalayam, Cheran Ma Nagar and RS Puram. This includes a two-year-old girl from Kamaraj Nagar in RS Puram. The district collector has issued orders to all assistant directors of panchayats to immediately deploy 20 additional workers to be engaged in sustained dengue control measures to avert any major outbreaks.The district had 248 dengue cases reported in 2011 with a total of 155 reported from Coimbatore corporation limits against a total figure of 152 and 90 cases reported in 2010.Year Total cases in Coimbatore district Corporation limits2010 152 902011 248 1552012 267 136 till Oct 20Red Alert areasSundarapuramUkkadamVadavalliVellalorePonniahrajapuramThadagam Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16897191", "title": "Camp inmates clash with security forces", "text": "GUWAHATI: Inmates of a relief camp at a government school in the Bilasipara area of Dhubri district clashed with security forces when the district administration tried to rehabilitate them in their villages in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) on Saturday. The inmates were living in the camp after they were displaced during ethnic clashes in in July and August this year.The inmates alleged that only those among them have land documents were selected for rehabilitation while the rest were left out. The inmates demanded that all people currently residing in the relief camp should be taken back to their original village in BTAD areas as of them having land documents did not feel safe to go there.Scuffle started after the administration tried to take back inmates having land documents to BTAD. All inmates came out of the camp and blocked the road, refusing to allow the vehicles to leave unless everyone was rehabilitated. Locals also joined the inmates in the protest. A senior police officer was injured in the clash. Police wielded batons and when it failed to control the mob, they resorted to fire in the air. But the protest resumed in the Beltoli area of the district by blocking a highway. The administration clamped curfew for about an hour. Police said said the situation has been brought under control and curfew has been lifted.However, All Assam Minority Students Union (Aamsu) alleged that the inmates got angry when police tried to put them into vehicles forcefully. Aamsu adviser Abdul Aziz alleged that the handful of people with land documents feared that they would be attacked again if they return to their villages. \"The administration wanted to rehabilitate a few people while majority in the relief camp, who were also from same villages, were left out. All inmates living in Dhubri district should be brought back to BTAD. If necessary, the government should set up temporary relief camps in BTAD,\" demanded Aziz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895822", "title": "60 students enrolled in career programme", "text": "PATNA: St Xavier's College, Patna, on Friday launched a career guidance programme in collaboration with a private education centre. More than 60 students enrolled in this course on the first day.Education centre director Anshuman Singh said the course is meant to provide a complete understanding of multiple openings in career to undergraduate students. College rector Fr Joseph Thadavanal said, \"I hope that this unique course will enhance the students' knowledge.\"BBA student Shweta welcomed the guests. Prerna Lama, Sanghya and Prince Charles sang a group song and Antra proposed the vote of thanks. The programme was coordinated by the cultural committee headed by Marie D'Cruze, assisted by Animesh Karn, Priyanka Sinha and Joel D'Cruze. St Michael's High School principal Fr. Peter Arockiasamy was the chief guest.Contractual teachers: Bihar Rajya Navniyukta Prathamik Shikshak Sangh general secretary Premchandra Neeraj said the contractual teachers will not settle for \"lollipops\" but stick to their demand of hike in salaries. His statement came as a reply to state education minister's comment that the teachers, at the time of contract, were made aware of details of the terms and conditions of the service and there was no eligibility test for them at that time. Neeraj said that state government had recruited contractual teachers without test to gain \"cheap publicity\" and it was in no way the fault of teachers for which they should be penalized.Montessori School: A free health check-up camp will be organized at Montessori School on the occasion of World Osteoporosis Day on Saturday. Orthopaedic Dr Amulya Kumar Singh will be delivering a lecture on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895708", "title": "Five-year-old boy rescued from kidnapper within 4 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: An old rivalry and the need to earn extra cash prompted a 22-year-old youth to kidnap his Kandivli (W) neighbour's five-year-old son. Saeed Ali Chaudhary ran out of luck when cops arrived at his doorstep within four hours of the boy's parents lodging a missing person's complaint.Chaudhary was traced on the basis of his call records. Chaudhary's girlfriend Nafisa Shaikh (22), at whose residence he had kept the boy, has also been arrested.Ajay Prajapati, a class I student, resides with his parents and two sisters at Gandhi Nagar in Kandivli (W). Ajay's father Ramsagar is in the same profession as Chaudhary\u2014 both take contracts for structural repairs.Around 9.30pm on Friday, Ramsagar received an anonymous call on his cellphone. \"The caller said my son was in his custody and that I should arrange for Rs 5 lakh in two days if I cared for his life. He asked me to drop off the cash at the office of a politician,\" Ramsagar said. Initially, Ramsagar dismissed it as a prank call. But when Ajay did not return home till late in the night, a worried Ramsagar searched the locality for his son. Eventually, he lodged a complaint with the Kandivli police at 1am. The cops went through the phone records of the caller who had made the ransom demand.\"We found that the caller had also dialled a few others. Our officers called up some of these people in a bid to establish caller's identity,\" said additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar. The officers were told that the number belonged to a Kandivli resident named Bind. Further investigation revealed that Bind had lent his SIM card to Chaudhary 10 days ago as they were acquaintances.Chaudhary told the cops that the boy was at Nafisa's home and that she was unaware of the abduction plan. \"He said he had told Nafisa to look after the child until his mother returned home from her native place,\" said an officer. \"But when we questioned Nafisa, we learnt that Chaudhary had planned the abduction with her 10 days ago.\"\"Although the accused claim that they were planning to send Ajay back to his parents after receiving the ransom, we cannot rule out the possibility of them harming the child,\" Paraskar said.Cops learnt that Chadhary, who is married and recently became a father, was having an extra-marital affair with Nafisa who has a three-year-old daughter from her husband. A couple of months ago, Nafisa's husband deserted her and moved to Pune. The police said Chaudhary was desperately in need of money as he had to run his own household as well as Nafisa's. Chaudhary also had an axe to grind with Ramsagar as the latter had a dispute with him in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16895886", "title": "Trust board for Kanakadurga temple in a fortnight", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Ending the suspense over naming the trust board to the famous Kanakadurga temple atop Indrakeeladri, endowments minister C Ramachandraiah said on Saturday that the governing body will be cleared within a fortnight. He said that a high-level committee would be appointed to look into the complaints against the temple executive officer Raghunath. Speaking to media here on Saturday, Ramachandraiah said that the government had in principle decided to appoint the trust board to the temple and that the names would be finalised soon. He said that the delay in appointing the governing board was purely technical and not political. The reins of the administration at Kanakadurga temple the third richest temple in the state after Tirumala and Srisailam,has been left in the hands of junior level officers resulting in several controversies related to awarding of contracts and works.Durga temple has an annual revenue of nearly Rs 70 crore and more than Rs 50 crore fixed deposits in the banks. \"There is a need to have a trust board for better functioning of the administration and extending services to the pilgrims. We will not delay anymore,\" said Ramachandraiah.Meanwhile, the endowments minister disclosed that the Travancore temple board has agreed to transfer about five acres of land for construction of cottages for the pilgrims from AP visiting the Ayyappa temple. He said that the land has been identified near Nelakkal area, close to Sabarimala temple.\"We will soon enter an MoU with Kerala government on transfer of land rights,\" said Ramachandraiah. He said that the state government would take up several works on the land including construction of cottages in large numbers. He said that they have already allocated nearly Rs 26 crore for the works which would begin soon after the MoU is signed. According to Ramchandraiah, the state government was negotiating with the Shirdi and Varanasi temple boards for allocation of land to provide facilities to the pilgrims going from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901324", "title": "Now, device to help stutterers improve quality of life", "text": "A trio of University of Mississippi faculty members from different areas of campus has created a patent-pending device that could change the lives of people who stutter.Paul Goggans, an electrical engineering professor, developed the prosthetic device, about the size of a cell phone, with Greg Snyder, associate professor of communication sciences and disorders, and Dwight Waddell, associate professor of health, exercise science and recreation management.The friends began working on the device after Snyder, himself a lifelong stutterer, demonstrated how he could speak much more fluently simply by feeling his throat while he and Waddell chatted over coffee.\"By feeling my throat vibrate when I speak, I get tactile speech feedback, which significantly reduces my stuttering. Dwight immediately understood my application of speech feedback and neural circuitry, and he then approached Paul, who agreed to make the device development a senior-level design project in his class,\" Snyder said.Since that time, the team has been focused on supporting and empowering the stuttering community by fighting social stigma and challenging the normal remedies associated with stuttering.\"Our device is portable, battery-powered and easy to use. These are important attributes because other behavioural treatments for stuttering are more intense; they require too much concentration and are exhausting,\" said Goggans, professor of electrical engineering and lead partner in the instrument''s design and fabrication.Even after a long day of speech therapy, a stutterer might have no progress to show the next day, but the patient is tired because he or she worked so hard, Goggans said.\"This creation is offering a promising alternative that can be discreetly and easily used every day by adults,\" he said.While the device does not cure stuttering, it helps the user reduce his or her stuttering frequency and can improve the client's quality of life, Snyder said.\"The team plans to include the prosthetic device within a holistic therapy program to better serve the real-life needs of stuttering clients,\" he said.Though the new device is still being developed and tested, its potential benefit for people who stutter is clear.A prototype of the device was presented as a \"Hot Topic\" at the 2012 Society of Neuroscience conference, which runs Oct. 13-17 in New Orleans .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896853", "title": "Two arrested for raping minors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four men have been arrested for involvement in three separate cases of rape. In the first case, reported from Madhu Vihar a few days ago, a 16-year-old girl had alleged that a local resident named Nirale Miya had picked her up and gang-raped her with two of his friends. She had also alleged that the accused made an obscene video of her and started blackmailing her, said a cop. Nirale was arrested on Friday but the two others are at large.In the second case, a travelling agent was arrested by southeast district police for allegedly sedating and raping a 13-year-old girl several times in the Okhla area. The victim was reportedly a friend of the accused's wife, police said.The accused, Mehandi Hassan, a resident of Tehkhand in Okhla phase-II, allegedly gave the girl water laced with sedatives. Police said the victim had come to meet the accused's wife when she was raped in March. \"He then warned her not to report the crime and raped her several times later,\" said a cop.Two youths \u2014 Vikash and Umesh \u2014 were also held after a 21-year-old woman alleged the two, along with three accomplices, had abducted her from her house on October 3 and gang-raped her in the Farsh Bazaar area. The three others accused in the case are absconding. In all three incidents, medical examination had confirmed rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16897211", "title": "Learning, blood disorders to get disability status", "text": "MUMBAI: In a progressive leap for the disability movement in India, a draft bill prepared by the ministry of social justice and empowerment has widened its definition of disability to give legal recognition to include those living with blood disorders (haemophilia and thalassaemia), speech and language disability and specific learning disabilities such as dyslexia.The existing Persons with Disabilities (PWD) Act 1995 recognizes only the standard seven disabilities. The new draft, once passed, will entitle a thalassaemia patient, for instance, to legal rights and benefits similar to those living with blindness or locomotor disabilities.The Draft Rights of Persons with Disabilities Bill 2012 was unveiled by the ministry in September and the definitional change is in keeping with India's ratification of the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities which seeks to recognize disability as an evolving concept that is not narrowly limited to standalone medical conditions.\"Once the act is passed, there will be a procedure for assessment and certification of these disabilities,\" said TD Dhariyal, deputy chief commissioner for persons with disabilities under the Union ministry.Groups hail draftThe Draft Rights of Persons with Disabilities Bill 2012 offers the most comprehensive and inclusive legal definition of disability till date by also including categories from another legislation, the National Trust Act, which caters specifically to autism, celebral palsy and mental disabilities. It seeks to protect disabled persons against discrimination, provide affirmative action and penalize and punish offences committed against them.Javed Abidi, founder of the Disability Rights Group, said the proposed changes were \"very progressive\". \"It is in our interests that the bill becomes a law at the earliest,\" he said.Many grey areas, however, remain. For instance, the bill entitles those with a \"benchmark disability\" of 40% or more to reservation in jobs and higher educational institutions to ensure that government benefits don't go to those with minor disabilities at the cost of others. But it is yet to be ascertained as to how these benchmarks will be applied for new categories such as thalaessemia or learning disabilities.\"The 40% standard seems to be a hangover from the earlier versions of the Act which covered physical disabilities. How this would apply to thalaessemia, haemophilia or mental illness, for that matter, is inexplicable,\" said Rahul Cherian of Inclusive Planet Centre for Disability Law and Policy, Chennai. The formulation would have to be re-examined given the widened cover, he said.India had 22 million people with disabilities according to the Census 2001 which roughly constituted 2% of its population, though the World Health Organization pegs the figure at 10%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16895938", "title": "Second phase of China border upgrade project to start in mid-2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian government is hoping to start implementing the second phase of its China border modernization project by mid-2013, when the programme's first phase, including formation of two new Army divisions and activation of several advanced landing grounds, would be completed.Discussing Indian military capability along the Chinese border, 50 years after its humiliating defeat in the 1962 war, a senior source in the government told TOI that the three military chiefs have been asked to work out an integrated strategy for the second phase.With the massive military modernization across the border by China and India's continuous efforts to play catch up, what is unfurling is the world's biggest conventional military build-up along a frontier anywhere in the post-Cold War era. Half a century after the border war between the two Asian giants, a host of factors are now forcing the huge militarization along the border, their growing economy being among the key factors.The senior government source told ToI that the chiefs of staff committee, comprising the three military chiefs, has been asked to prepare an \"integrated strategy\" for modernization of military capability along the China border in phase II. \"The PMO has asked for an integrated plan. We do not want to have silo approach by the Army, Air Force and Navy,\" he said.The move to evolve an integrated strategy came in the face of an Army proposal to create country's first and only mountain strike corps along the Chinese border as well as other components, together worth over Rs 64,000 crore. The proposal was approved by the ministry of defence (MoD) and circulated to the finance ministry and the PMO. In response, the PMO has asked the military chiefs to evolve an integrated strategy.He said by mid-2013, the government is hoping that the first phase of the modernization would be complete. This includes the ongoing raising of two new Army divisions, activation of eight advanced landing grounds \u2014 air fields abandoned at various times since the World War II \u2014 and construction of several roads and tunnels close to the border.The Indian response along the border, virtually abandoned without any modernization since the 1962 war, started only about a decade ago, after it formally reversed the strategy of not developing border infrastructure. India is far too late in catching up with the Chinese side, which has built an impressive infrastructure, with all-weather roads almost up to their forward military posts.The Indian military also assess that China has built over the years a massive fighting ability across the border.Namrata Goswami, a research fellow at the New Delhi-based Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, said in a recent paper that China has replaced its old liquid fuelled CSS-3 missiles with more advanced CSS-5s, deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles north of Tibet , and deployed 13 Border Defence Regiments with around 300,000 PLA troops close to Indian border. The paper also points out that China has established airfields in Hoping, Pangta and Kong Ka in addition to the already existing six airfields in the Tibetan Autonomous Region (TAR).\"Of critical value to China's force structure in this regard is the PLA's 23 Rapid Reaction Forces (RRFs). The RRFs have been considerably modernised into a hi-tech force equipped for a limited war in the Himalayas. They are on a 24 hour operational mode, and are trained to function in any environment. These units are composed of two group armies, nine divisions, three brigades, and seven regimental or battalion level units with an approximate strength of 400,000 personnel including the Resolving Emergency Mobile Combat Forces (REMCF),\" Goswami says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896704", "title": "Archery Association of India polls deferred amidst foul play", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lead-up to the Archery Association of India (AAI) elections is getting murkier by the day. The decision to postpone the elections for the third time - on the instructions of the returning officer - was followed by allegations against the incumbent president Vijay Kumar Malhotra by a prospective rival on Friday.The new date for the elections is November 9 now. BVP Rao, convener of Clean Sports India (CSI) and vice president of Assam Archery Association, claimed that Malhotra is using his influence to get Rao's name struck off the electoral roll to ensure that the challenger does not contest for the post of president. The claims were dismissed by Malhotra's camp.\"The current president is putting pressure on Assam association to remove my name from electoral role,\" Rao told TOI.\"They were planning to rig this election but failed to do so, thanks to the Delhi high court, the returning officer for the elections and activist Rahul Mehra, who has filed a case in the high court regarding term and tenure of sports administrators. After failing in their effort, they are now trying to create a situation where I won't be able to contest.\" Malhotra has held the post of AAI's president for 39 years.To support his claims, Rao referred to various notices issued by AAI from time to time regarding conduct of the elections.\"First notice said that the election will be held on September 29. It was postponed since some members, including Assam association president, raised objections saying the notice did not give details about nominations and secret ballot voting.\"The second notice calling for elections on October 28 asked the nomination papers to be sent to the returning officer at the address of the residence of the current president. Why should the nominations be sent to the president's residence?\"Following directions from the Delhi high court on October 15, returning officer Justice JD Kapoor wrote to AAI president on Friday, asking him to reschedule the elections. Despite repeated attempts, Malhotra refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896937", "title": "Azam Khan seeks probe into Vadra's CWG contracts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader and state cabinet minister Mohammed Azam Khan on Saturday demanded a probe into the contracts awarded to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra for the 2010 Delhi Commonwealth Games and his deals with the real estate giant DLF. Vadra is the son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi who is also the chairperson of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government at the centre.The development comes a couple of days after the Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav dismissed the allegations levelled against Vadra as \"unimportant in the absence of any concrete evidence of impropriety\". However, Azam's statement is sure to leave the Congress uncomfortable and the SP chief in a tight spot.\"Not only the manner in which the Commonwealth Games contracts were awarded, but also the circumstances under which these contracts were virtually sublet to other companies, the qualification and past experience of these companies in terms of executing similar contracts along with the quality of work done by these companies raise doubts,\" Azam said, and added that it is surprising that a senior Congress leader was sent to jail for his role in the alleged Commonwealth Games scam, but still no probe was ordered in other irregularities.\"People wonder why it took the Centre so much time to initiate proceedings against the Congress leader and why no one bothered to probe the allegations against the Delhi government and others in the case,\" he said. Reacting to the charges levelled by India Against Corruption (IAC) activist Arvind Kejriwal on Zakir Hussain Trust run by Union law minister Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise, Azam said that the UP government is probing the matter. \"The inquiry has been underway ever since the Bahujan Samaj Party was in power in Uttar Pradesh and there was no reason in sight to stop the probe now,\" Azam said.He also claimed that though the IAC had provided strong evidence to back their allegations of irregularities committed by the Trust, the evidence produced by Salman Khurshid to counter the allegations were not as strong. \"The IAC backed their allegations by producing individuals before the media to back their claim that the poor have been fleeced in Uttar Pradesh. But Salman Khrushid's defence was a poor attempt.\"He said that Congress should have asked Salman to resign, but that will deprive the party of a Muslim leader in Uttar Pradesh. Azam accused the Muslim leaders in Congress of serving their individual political interests and showing no concern for the community whatsoever. \"While Ghulam Nabi Azad calls himself a Kashmiri first, Salman Khurshid is more of a foreigner than an Indian,\" Azam said.At present, the Samajwadi Party is supporting the UPA government from outside. SP's support to the UPA, which was initially a mere formality, gained significance in September last after the Trinamool Congress (TMC) withdrew its support. The SP chief has been trying to strike a cord with the UPA ever since the SP came to power in Uttar Pradesh following the assembly elections in March 2012. With Mulayam's son Akhilesh Yadav as the chief minister of UP, the Centre instantly cleared Rs 45,000 crore pending for development work in Uttar Pradesh.While Mulayam had described the allegations against Vadra as unimportant, Akhilesh too had cleverly refused to acknowledge the political existence of Arvind Kejriwal and India Against Corruption (IAC). Asked about the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) inquiry into the Trust run by Khurshid, Akhilesh shot back, \"Who is Kejriwal?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895668", "title": "Bihar police headquarters to have iconic building soon", "text": "PATNA: The new building of the police headquarters will be an iconic building and may replace Golghar to assume the status of a landmark of the state capital. Announcing this on Saturday while inaugurating the four-storied building of the Gandhi Maidan model police station where once a ramshackle building existed, CM Nitish Kumar said there was no separate building for police headquarters and it was run from the Old secretariat which didn't have not enough space to house all the police offices.\"A site has been identified on Bailey Road where police headquarters will be shifted in a new building,\" the CM said. He expressed his happiness over the completion of the model police station building and advised the Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation (BPBCC) to seek green building certification from the appropriate authority.Overseeing Gandhi Maidan, the high-security model police station has been constructed at a cost of Rs 3.52 crore. It will house a police station, barracks and residential units for 70 cops. It has a basement as well as open terrace on fifth floor.The CM also inaugurated through remote 36 new police station buildings, including seven in Naxal-infested areas in Rohtas, Bhojpur, Nawada, East Champaran and Sitamarhi districts, model police stations at 10 places in Nawada, Darbhanga, Saharsa, Madhepura, Supaul, Saran, Vaishali, Bhojpur, Araria and Purnia districts, apart from 14 rural police stations. Also, 111 new police buildings, offices, barracks and residential units were also inaugurated by the CM. All these constructions have been made by the BPBCC at a cost of Rs 59 crore.Nitish was happy that a grade 3 police station has also been constructed at Phalka in Katihar district. He recalled that way back in late 70s, he was shocked to see that detainees were kept there with their legs tied to big stones since there was no hajat.Mixing a pinch of politics in his speech, the CM said a new atmosphere has been created across the state and people were full of excitement and enthusiasm. \"Some people like Kalanemi (the uncle of Ravana who tried to mislead Lord Hanuman when he went to bring sanjivani herb for Lakshman) are moving around to misguide people but they are not ready to get into their trap,\" he said in an oblique reference to his political opponents.BPBCC CMD and DG Ashok Kumar Gupta said the once moribund corporation was quite vibrant now and had undertaken construction works worth Rs 1,243 crore. He said work on 39 model police stations, 125 police stations in Naxal-affected areas and 70 in rural areas was going on. Besides, regional forensic laboratories' buildings were coming up at Muzaffarpur and Bhagalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896087", "title": "Election commission ups pressure on presses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Till Friday evening, district administration officials had sealed 272 presses, which had printed tons of literature, pamphlets and advertising materials without valid permissions, or even basic declarations by their owners before the district administration, informing them of their existence.This comes with the model code of conduct is in force, as these unregistered printing presses may be used by miscreants to print anonymous and seditious literature to spread discord between castes, creeds or religions.\"We collated a detailed list of printers operating clandestinely, without meeting any provisions of the Press and Registration of Books Act, in the city. We could have immediately proceeded with criminal charges against them. But, this would have been too drastic a measure,\" said district collector Vijay Nehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897861", "title": "Ovarian cancer", "text": "Dr Rajendra A KerkarOvarian cancer accounts for about four per cent of all cancers in women. However it is a highly aggressive cancer and is one of the leading causes of death. Unfortunately early-stage ovarian cancer usually causes either no symptoms or very non-specific ones such as abdominal bloating, loss of appetite, dyspepsia and sometimes even urinary complaints. Therefore almost threefourths of women are diagnosed in the third or fourth stages. In these patients many effective treatment options are available including surgery, chemotherapy and targeted therapy. However, only a minority of these patients will be cured of their disease. The cure rate for early stage ovarian cancer is close to 90 per cent whereas it is less than 20 per cent for advanced stage patients.Some of the risk factors for developing ovarian cancer include not giving birth to any children and exposure to talcum powders. In less than 10 per cent of patients there is a hereditary basis for this cancer with other members of the family also at risk. This is generally due to germline mutations in specific genes like the BRCA1, BRCA2 and others.Several attempts have been made to try to detect ovarian cancer in early stages by various screening techniques. It is currently recommended that women should not ignore nonspecific but persistent abdominal symptoms and should report to their doctors earlier.( The writer is a Professor of Gynecologic Oncology, Tata Memorial Centre )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896384", "title": "Expose is false propaganda: Bhupinder Singh Hooda", "text": "GURGAON: In an oblique reference to Arvind Kejriwal's charges against his government, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Saturday said that despite the \"false propaganda\", the ground reality was still in favour of his government.\"Politics of character assassination and conspiracy is being done to weaken the Congress party, as it is the only party of all sections of society and everyone knows that the whole country would become weak with the weakening of the Congress party,\" Hooda said at a meeting of party workers.Without naming anyone, Hooda said false propaganda was being spread. \"It is the duty of all of us to defeat the conspiracies being hatched in the country. Today, it is not a question of the party, but of the country and it is the people who have to decide,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896307", "title": "India gets ready for Kodak moment at Kudankulam nuclear power plant", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is set to cross a major hump in its nuclear power programme with the Kudankulam plant expected to begin generating power within a month after it goes critical in the next 10 days, marking an end to prolonged delays due to local protests and anti-nuclear activism.The first unit of the Russian-built nuclear plant is close to a landmark moment after post-Fukushima public unease over atomic power and a powerful alliance of church groups and activists threatened to thwart India's ambitious plans to build 20 plants in the 12th Plan.Kodak momentWith Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa backing the project that will ease the state's power deficit and having faced a Supreme Court scrutiny of the $3 billion plant's safety features, the government is anticipating a Kodak moment when turbines begin to turn at Kudankulam.Successful commissioning of the Kudankulam unit will help translate the promise of power into tangible benefits that the government hopes will help sway public opinion, particularly in the plant's neighbourhood. It will also pave the way for faster work on nuclear plants planned at Maharashtra's Jaitapur and Haryana's Fatehabad.India hopes to generate 63,000 MW through nuclear power by 2032 with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh giving a big fillip to the atomic component in electricity generation in the wake of the Indo-US nuclear deal and lifting of trade sanctions by the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 2008.Apprehensions of the plant's environmental impact among local fishing communities will need to be further assuaged but the plant is inching towards completion after activists, opposed to nuclear energy in totality, held the project hostage for months.Official sources said protests delayed operations by around six months but criticality is likely in around 10 days as reviews are almost complete.The reactor will now be closed and pressure tests conducted. Loading of enriched uranium fuel was completed earlier in the month and once criticality is achieved, the controlled fission will begin heating water to produce the steam that will drive the turbines.The project has cleared several hurdles after the initial agreement was signed in 1988 with the blockade of the plant after the March, 2011, Fukishima disaster in the wake of the Japanese tsunami being the most serious.Paradoxically, the Fukushima events also convinced several nuclear skeptics about the reliability of nuclear plants as there was no large radio-active leakage despite primary and back-up power being knocked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16897156", "title": "Inter-university transfer policy on cards: Minister", "text": "DHARWAD: The state government is mulling over evolving a policy to facilitate inter-university transfer of teachers. It will table a bill in the assembly session at the earliest. This was disclosed by minister for higher education C T Ravi at Dharwad on Saturday.The minister told reporters that the Higher Education Council had already started drafting the policy. \"The government is keen on implementing the transfer policy as majority of the teachers are stagnated in their parent university. Besides, a few new varsities are short of teachers while some old universities have more number of teachers. Implementation of transfer policy would facilitate parity\" Ravi said.Ravi also stated that the State Government will soon scrap the \"outside university student's quota\". At present, only two to three per cent reservation is given for the students coming from other universities. This has deprived the students an opportunity to learn the subject of their choice taught in one particular university. Now, the new policy will ensure free flow of students from one university to another and enable them to study subject of their choice in any university across the State.\"Talks are on with the Planning Commission and the finance department to create funds in the budget for the annual grants proposed by the varsity and release them at one go. Some works are pending in the varsity as the funds are released in phased manner. Provision of funds for development academic activities would be made in this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896397", "title": "Tribunal restores subedar\u2019s pension", "text": "CHENNAI: The Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT) on Friday restored the retirement benefits of army naib subedar eight years after he was dismissed from the army for misconduct with a junior recruit.A two-member regional bench of the tribunal modified on compassionate grounds a court martial order dismissing Lakshmanan Settu from service, which denied him all retirement benefits, to discharge from service, allowing him to secure retirement benefits, including pension.Settu, who served for 28 years in the Madras Engineering Group &amp; Centre's Khader Company Training Battalion in Bangalore, was charged with sexual misconduct with junior recruit Bharat Hargude in 2004. He was convicted under section 46(a) of the Army Act, 1950.The bench, consisting of Justice V Periya Karuppaih, member-judicial, and Lt Gen (retd) Anand Mohan Verma, member-administrative said, \"Some leniency should be shown to the applicant.\" The bench said it had to consider that Settu still the sole breadwinner of his family, which including three children.Friday's order by a regular two-member regional bench was the first by the tribunal in more than six months, during which the post of judicial member remained vacant.Settu's counsel M K Sikdar said a first court martial concluded that the charges against the naib subedar were not proved and permitted him to retire. Settu retired in April, 2006. However, he was arrested by the Army in May 2006 because the general officer-commanding, Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala, tasked with confirming the court martial findings, disagreed with the acquittal. He ordered a court martial with additional witnesses on June 6, 2006. The second court martial convicted and sentenced Settu to six months o rigorous imprisonment on August 30, 2006. He was also dismissed from service. Settu approached the Madras high court to challenge his dismissal.The bench said the petitioner had already served more than five months of his sentence and modified the sentence to the period of the prison term served and the dismissal to discharge from service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896455", "title": "Health department to check for spurious food items", "text": "JAIPUR: To keep a check on sale of adulterated and spurious food items ahead of festive season, the medical health and family welfare department would soon launch a special drive in the city.Generally during festive season, the demand for diary food items increase and to cash in on the increasing demand, some traders offer substandard food items which cause health-related problems to the consumers. During Diwali, the sale of sweets peaks.Keeping in mind the health related issues, the department has decided to constitute teams to collect samples of food items especially dairy products including sweets.Till last year, the district administration was responsible to collect samples of food items but since the state government has implemented the Food Safety and Standard Act (FSSA) 2006 replacing the old Prevention of Food Adulteration Act 1954, the medical health and family welfare department has become the authority for ensuring implementation of FSSA.Chief medical health officer (Jaipur I) Dr O P Thankan said, \"We will launch a special campaign to ensure that only safe-to-eat food items are sold in the city.\" He said the department would take serious action against traders who violate the FSSA or offer adulterated food items to earn quick money.The department would collect samples of ghee, oil, mawa, sweets and paneer from shops and send them for testing to the laboratory. If the sample of the food items fails at the laboratory, the department would take strict action against the trader concerned. Also, it would keep a check on milk supply as the demand of milk increases during Diwali, which push up the possibilities of sale of adulterated milk.Doctors claimed that consuming sweets made up of adulterated mawa cause stomach-related problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16896987", "title": "Devotees worship Skandmata, Katyayani", "text": "VARANASI: Scores of devotees thronged Bagheshwari Devi temple premises at Jaitpura to worship deity Skandmata on the occasion of fifth day of Shardiya Navaratra on Saturday. Devotees started assembling near the temple since early morning.Almost all the temples were decorated with colourful lights and special shringars of the deity were also held.Meanwhile, special puja and aarti including bhajan and cultural ceremonies were organised in many prominent temples, mutths and ashrams in the city.The festivity doubled during the later half of the day when shashti (six day of Navratra) was also observed leading to beginning of puja ceremonies in many puja pandals in the city.At the same time, heavy crowd was witnessed in serpentine Sankatha gullie as devotees worshipped Katyayani (sixth form of Durga) in Atmavisheshwar temple premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16898243", "title": "Bangalore\u2019s Big Ben soothes with sacred Om chimes", "text": "It is Bangalore's own Big Ben, but bigger. The magnificent tower clock, mounted atop Omkar Hills near Rajarajeshwari Nagar in the southern part of the city, is also said to be Asia's largest. And while London's famed clock thrills visitors with its Westminster chimes, the one crafted by HMT in Bangalore echoes the sacred 'Om' at the strike of each hour.The fascinating tower clock was erected by Hindustan Machine Tools in 2002 at the Omkar Ashram sitting atop the Omkar Hills. The place was selected precisely because Omkar Hills is one of the highest points in Bangalore , at about 3,000 ft from mean sea level. It's a vantage point from where almost all of South Bangalore is visible. The giant clock, 24ft in diameter , adorns the scenic hills like a splendid crown. The dial is set on two columns, each measuring 9 sqft, rising 40ft from the ground, and holding up the clock which weighs about 500kg. The hour and minute hands weigh about 40kg each.The mechanical section of the clock is housed in a lubricating oil tank with an automatic on and off system. The mechanism is driven by high torque stepper motion and stable quartz crystal controlled micro-processor , based on intelligent electronic controller.When the tower clock strikes the hour, 'Shankha Naada' (conch sound) followed by 'Omkara Naada' fill the air with spiritual vibes, and the sound can be heard up to a 3km radius.The clock is HMT's gift to Bangalore, dedicated on January 30, 2002, on the occasion of 54th birth anniversary of Sri Shivapuri Mahaswamiji, the founder of Omkar Ashram, says VA Kulkarni, general manager (watch factory), HMT Watches Ltd.Of late, the clock which was the main attraction at the Ashram, faced some maintenance problems, much to the disappointment of visitors. However , Kulkarni said the problem had been addressed. \"The problem was due to high voltage and frequent electricity fluctuations . The clock is set right,\" said Kulkarni.The other unique feature of Omkar Ashram is the Sarvadharma Samanvaya Peetha, a hall of religions with statues of the founders of various religions, set up under a huge banyan tree. \"The Sarvadharma Samanvaya Peetha spreads the message of universal brotherhood and mutual respect, which are the core teachings of every religion. The Ashram was established with the main intent of bringing out the inherent unity of all religions ,\" said Sri Madhusudhanananda Puri, the peethadhipati of the Ashram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896246", "title": "Sri Lankan Tamils want to take a journey back home", "text": "CHENNAI: P Mahendran, a Class 7 student of Vannerikulam Mahavidyalaya in Kilinochi, was in tears when boatmen flung his schoolbag containing books into the sea, to reduce load in the boat. That was two decades ago when he and his family undertook the perilous sea journey to India and an uncertain future. Now, a refugee for 22 years, Mahendran is the latest to join a group of 4,319 people, who obtained citizenship after the ethnic conflict ended in 2009, and headed back home.\"With the war ending and relatives calling us back, I want to go home,\" a beaming Mahendran told TOI. \"I hope to show my lovely school to my son,\" he said. On Saturday, the Sri Lankan deputy high commission held a special service to disburse citizenship certificates to 130 refugees, birth certificates to 59 and passports to 60 others. Sri Lankan deputy high commissioner R K M A Rajakaruna promised them a new life in the Island nation. \"The military presence in north has been reduced drastically. Soldiers are not there at every house or under every tree as claimed by anti-Sri Lanka elements,\" he said.Rajakaruna said his government was taking efforts for rebuilding and national reconciliation through programmes, like 'Kilakkin Udhyam' (Eastern Reawakening) in the Eastern Province, 'Vadakkin Vasantham' (Northern Spring) in the Northern Province. Tamil dominated provinces have seen a growth rate of 22% to 27% in the last two years. The government has infully displaced person in the Manek Farm in Vavuniya was resettled few days ago, he said. The deputy high commission also released a film on reconstruction and resettlement.Organization for Eelam Refugees Rehabilitation founder Chandrahasan said a lot of misinformation was doing the rounds, making refugees, who wanted to return, apprehensive. \"Livelihood is a major concern, but our people have great resilience and ability and this was proved by the way they tackled difficulties,\" he said. Sri Lanka has to sign an MoU with India on sending back Lankan refugees, besides doing away with a fee for getting birth and registration certificates for refugees, who are above 18 years of age, he said.Annamary, 29, a refugee from Puzhal camp, who visited the high commission on Saturday to collect birth certificate for her daughter Cindrella, 3, said she would like to settle in her native Trincomalee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895690", "title": "Over 1,000 cops to be on toes for safe Durga puja", "text": "PATNA: More than 1,000 police officials along with 150 in civil dress will be deployed at or near puja pandals of the city for the three consecutive days from October 23 to make the festival a peaceful one.There will be three layers of security for three days \u2014 Durga Puja, Ravan Vadh and 'visarjan' \u2014 and force deployment will be at 350 static points identified by the district administration, SSP Amrit Raj said, adding that more than 300 women constables and 500 volunteers would also be deployed to keep a tab on eve-teasers and maintaining law and order situation.\"The city has been divided into six divisions. Under each division, a team of ten policemen with one DSP-rank official will be patrolling round-the-clock during the festival. Besides, quick mobile will also be on alert,\" the SSP said, adding that the magistrates would be working in three shifts.Pandals owners have been asked to make proper fire fighting arrangements and no loudspeaker would be allowed after 10pm, he said.During 'visarjan', additional police personnel will be deployed at various ghats of the city and cops will be moving on river in raft to avoid any untoward incident, Raj said and added that puja organizers have been asked to complete the 'visarjan' process by October 24 and 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896846", "title": "Abhishek Verma, wife get bail in money laundering case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday granted bail to businessman Abhishek Verma and his wife Anca Neacsu in a money laundering case after the Enforcement Directorate failed to file the charge sheet against them.The couple, however, would remain in jail under judicial custody as they are yet to secure bail in a case lodged against them by the CBI under the Official Secrets Act (OSA).The CBI told another court that that it does not want the custody of the couple for now in another fresh case of alleged forgery filed against the duo.The agency's reply came to the plea of the couple filed by their counsel Vijay Aggarwal, in which they had sought permission to surrender before the court as they have not been arrested as yet in the new case of forgery. The fresh case was registered against \"Verma and unknown others\" for allegedly forging a letter dated April 10, 2009, purportedly issued under the signatures of CBI SP Ramnish.The FIR, registered on Raminsh's complaint, said the forged letter, addressed to Interpol , referred to certain foreign investigation related to the operation of Verma's overseas bank accounts that were sealed during the probe into the Naval War Room leak case.Earlier in the day, Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Gautam Manan granted bail to Verma and his wife on a personal bond of Rs 1 lakh and a surety of the like amount observing that ED has failed to file the charge sheet against the couple within the stipulated 60-day period.\"In view of the facts and circumstances, the accused (Verma and Anca) are granted bail on furnishing a personal bond of Rs one lakh and one surety of the like amount,\" the court said after ED's prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta said the agency would not file the charge sheet against them today.Granting bail to the accused, the court remanded them in judicial custody till November 2 after they said they would not furnish the bail bond on saturday. ED arrested the couple after they had moved an application to surrender in the money laundering case against them for allegedly receiving money from a Swiss arms dealing firm to keep it out of the Indian government's blacklist.Both Verma and Anca were also produced before a CBI court which extended their judicial custody till November 2 in connection with the corruption and forgery case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896951", "title": "29-year-old falls to death in Hazratganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A resident of Rajendra Nagar, 29-year-old Ramajor aka Chuttan was found dead in Hazratganj area. Reportedly, Ramajor fell from the third floor of a Ansal City Centre, a building located near Tulsi theatre following a fit attack.Ramajor had been suffering from epilepsy and used to carry medicine all the time. According to police the victim was working as an office boy with a firm and had joined the company 10 days back.The incident occurred in the morning when Ramajor was standing next to the railing of the office, while waiting for the security person to unlock the office. Ramajor's brother confirmed that he was suffering from epilepsy to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16898279", "title": "4.9 crore spent, but no rain in Cauvery basin", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government began cloud seeding operations on Friday in the Cauvery basin region, but the efforts have failed to induce rains. The government has spent Rs 4.9 crore in these two days and cloud seeding was done by Hyderabad based Agni Aviation.Keeping Mysore as the base station, cloud seeding was done near Harangi and Kabini reservoirs on Friday and at Hemavathi and Krishnaraja Sagar dams on Saturday. Cloud seeding was one of the options explored by the state government to face any resultant water crisis in the wake of the Supreme Court order to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu.Cloud seeding is the process of spreading either dry ice, or more commonly, silver iodide aerosols, into the upper part of clouds to try to stimulate precipitation process and form rain. Since rainfall starts through the growth of ice crystals from super-cooled cloud droplets in the upper parts of clouds, the silver iodide particles encourage the growth of new ice particles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16897053", "title": "Alappuzha to soon have an FM radio station", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Union government has approved All India Radio's (AIR) proposal for setting up a frequency modulation (FM) station in Alappuzha, where there is no such facility either in the private or the government sector.The present AIR (medium wave) station here only relays the programmes from Thiruvananthapuram and New Delhi stations.Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal said the AIR project for setting up FM stations in various parts of the country had received cabinet approval and the Alappuzha FM station was part of this.\"The work of the station is expected to start soon and I am keeping in touch with the information and broadcasting ministry in this connection,\" Venugopal said.AIR Alappuzha superintending engineer T George said the ministry had also resolved to give permission for setting up private FM stations in Alappuzha. The project has been approved under the 12th five year plan.The upcoming FM station will have 10kW power and a 50-km coverage at the primary level.\"AIR New Delhi office will soon invite tenders for erecting tower and transmitters for the Alappuzha FM station. It will be set up in the 33-acre transmitting radio station land at Pathirapally,\" George said.The transmitting station was commissioned in 1971 with a 100kW capacity. In 1999, its capacity was upgraded to 200kW. Though Alappuzha station is the highest power transmitting station in the state, it does not possess either a studio or a production wing.It was the effort of Gandhi Smaraka Grama Seva Kendram, Kanjikkuzhy and a group of senior citizens led by retired agriculture officer T S Viswan that resulted in Alappuzha getting an FM station. They have met the Union ministers from Alappuzha several times in this regard.\"K C Venugopal has ensured us that the work of the station will begin soon. We have also requested the minister that the Alappuzha FM station should give importance to agriculture-oriented programmes,\" said GSGSK general secretary Jagadeesan K G.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16898351", "title": "Going on 41", "text": "The world knows Ashok Khemka as the bureaucrat who has been transferred too many times to remember. But what do family and friends have to say about his troubleshooting ways? Sunday Times visits him in Chandigarh to find out more about the man behind the newsThe frenzy outside Ashok Khemka's office has dimmed. It is a day after India Against Corruption's allegations against BJP president Nitin Gadkari and for now, every reporter with a video camera is pointed in another direction. But Khemka \u2014 a crusading officer who has time and time again fought against corruption, and been asked to move along \u2014 should be used to the vicissitudes of fortune in public life.In 2004, when he was director of secondary education, he had refused to transfer teachers who the chief minister's office wanted moved out. Predictably, Khemka himself was transferred. He is now referred to as \"the IAS officer who was transferred 40 times\" , the last time after he stopped the sale of 3.5 acres of land in Manesar by Robert Vadra to DLF. This was when the car given to him by the government was also taken away as punishment. So, every working day, Khemka walked the six kilometres to his office. \"Chandigarh does not have much of a public transport system,\" he says by way of explanation.By most accounts, Khemka's adherence to his code of personal honesty has never faltered. Anupam Gupta, his friend and a prominent Chandigarh lawyer, says the IAS man \"is one of the most consistently honest officers he has met\". He also adds that \"no government will like him\".Of course, ask Khemka that and he says matter-of-factly , \"I have never called myself honest.\" And then goes on to add, almost as an after-thought , \"Honest men tend not to achieve very much.\"But for his friends, he was always an achiever. In the paeans now being written about him, one of his friends from IIT Kharagpur is quoted as saying that he knew Khemka \"would change the world\" ; and a classmate from his school \u2014 St Xavier's , Kolkata \u2014 reports that Khemka once burst into tears because he had scored 99% in a math exam behind another boy who hadn't missed a point.However, today, it is Khemka's wife who does the worrying. Khemka himself only says that his wife and children \"show concern\" but the people who know him say she worries about his safety, especially after Gupta said on national TV that Khemka had been receiving threatening phone calls. \"And,\" say the people in the know, \"it has been very hard for her to deal with her husband's forty transfers.\"Senior bureaucrats try and explain what might have happened. Every once in a while an officer comes along who insists on keeping his hands clean. Because he will do no wrong whatsoever, and that can stop work in its tracks, his boss moves him along quickly.Then again, every now and then an officer comes along who will allow no leeway at all when it comes to interpreting the rules. He too will put a stop to all work, and he too will be shunted along.The constant transfers, the bureaucrats point out, can indeed be tough, especially for young officers who have to move families from one remote spot to another and find schools for their children. But, say the bureaucrats , once an officer reaches a rank where he begins serving in the state capital, like Khemka has done \u2014 he lives in Chandigarh and works, for now, a few minutes away in Panchkula \u2014 then, the transfers tend to be somewhat less irksome. Has Khemka found himself in this position? Does he have any friends in the service? Again, the 1991-batch officer smiles and says, \"I do not know\". But he does have friends \u2014 many of them. A senior police officer serving in Haryana says that from the closeted security of their living rooms, the men and women of Haryana's IAS and IPS services stand solidly behind Khemka. They believe that what he is doing is right, and that it needs to be done.\"I have interacted with him,\" says the officer. \"I know his thinking is correct. And personally, I salute his courage.\"But whether any of this will help Khemka is another matter altogether. The cop adds that under the current dispensation, Khemka will be able to do very little. And that he will be turned into a \"social pariah\" . \"The loss is to the state,\" says Dhirendra Singh, a former union home secretary. \"Khemka is an alumnus of IIT Kharagpur and has a PhD in computer science from the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai. He is obviously very intelligent and an officer who has shown integrity and probity. Certainly, Haryana can find a better use for him.\"Other bureaucrats wonder whether the Haryana government itself should be blamed for this fiasco. They say it says little of Khemka's political masters if they knew of his reputation \u2014 as a stickler for the rules \u2014 and still made him director general of land consolidation, an area where anybody who is half awake knows a lot of hocus-pocus goes on. \"The government,\" they say, \"was simply asking for trouble.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16900880", "title": "UPA govt to last full term, Lok Sabha polls in 2014: Omar Abdullah", "text": "SRINAGAR: The UPA government at the Centre will last its full term and Lok Sabha elections will be held as per schedule in 2014, Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah said on Sunday.\"I am of the belief that parliamentary elections will not be held before 2014,\" he told reporters on the sidelines of a function at Zewan on the outskirts of the city even as he rejected suggestions that the corruption allegations levelled by Arvind Kejriwal will affect the government.Omar also said it was for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi to take a decision on his joining the UPA government.\"This is for the Prime Minister and Rahul Gandhi to decide whether he wants to join the government or not. The Prime Minister has already said that he wants Rahul Gandhi to join the government,\" he said in reponse to a question.Asked if the time was right for Gandhi to join the government against which allegations of corruption have been leveled by Kejriwal, the chief minister said, \"It has got nothing to do with Kejriwal and others.\"To another question, Omar said, \"Some people want to launch a new political party and to bring it to the notice of the public, they are using different tactics. It would not have any effect on the government.\"Omar, however, did not discount the possibility of the allegations impacting the outcome of elections but said the extent will be known only after the polls.The allegations \"will affect the elections but how much do these...will be known only after the polls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895821", "title": "'Land for Vanpic cleared despite note of caution'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The controversial Vadarevu and Nizampatnam Ports and Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) project was almost considered abandoned when the secretary to nodal agency Infrastructure and Investment (I&I;) department, Manmohan Singh , sent a note to the revenue department (dated September 29, 2009) asking it not to process the land allotment files for the same. That was in view of certain indications of unlawful funds flow from Mauritius-based entities into the project without prior clearance from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB). Rajeswar Tiwari, a former secretary in the revenue department, told this to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which is investigating the Vanpic aspect of the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case.In his deposition, Tiwari said that the Vanpic file was sent back to the revenue department by Singh with the following remarks on September 9, 2009: \"The process of recognition of the special purpose vehicle (SPV) by RAK and Matrix Enport is not yet complete. There are indications of fund flow in the SPVs from Mauritius-based companies without clearance from FIPB. In view of this, all further process of allotment of lands to Vanpic may wait even in those cases where GOs have been issued by the revenue department.\"Accordingly, Tiwari said he \"approved the note file and advised the district collector of Guntur and the chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA) not to process fresh allotment of land to Vanpic as advised by the I&I; department\". The same was approved by revenue minister Dharmana Prasada Rao on November 3, 2009, Tiwari said in his deposition.Subsequently, the whole Vanpic file was dispatched to I&I; department on December 10, 2009, he added. However, within 50 days, the file had come back to Tiwari. This time with a request from B Sam Bob, the new principal secretary in I&I; department, to \"process the lands for Vanpic Ports Pvt Ltd and Vanpic Projects Pvt Ltd\" on January 30, 2010.The name of Vanpic Projects was put in place of Vanpic Ports (this change has been identified by CBI as a major part of the Vanpic scam as the land went to main accused Nimmagadda Prasad's family) and the concerned file was approved during Tiwari's tenure. He told CBI that it was a continuation of a process that was started prior to his joining the revenue department as a secretary.Citing the request of Vanpic projects that it be allowed to make ex gratia payments directly to the assignees in cases where assigned lands had been taken over by the company, the former revenue secretary told CBI sleuths that the note was circulated to him by N Venkata Subbaiah, additional secretary in the revenue department, with the remark, \"the request of the company may be considered for approval\".Vanpic company, which was in the process of taking over nearly 28,000 acres of land in Guntur and Prakasam districts, was exempted from the AP Land Revenue (ceiling on agricultural holdings ) Act, 1973 on September 8, 2009, six days after the then CM YSR died in a chopper crash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896802", "title": "'Government credibility key to infrastructure investments'", "text": "PUNE: The magnitude of investments necessary for the country's infrastructure sector is gigantic, and if the government wants to attract private investment from India and overseas into this sector, then it should strengthen its own credibility, said banking and financial sector veteran Deepak Parekh on Saturday.Parekh said it will be necessary to create innovative financing mechanism to encourage private investments and the government should be willing to offer partial sovereign guarantee for long-term loans extended for infrastructure projects with long gestation.At a meeting organized by the Pune International Centre and Mahratta Chamber of Commerce , Industry and Agriculture, Parekh elaborated on the salient recommendations contained in the interim report of the government-appointed high power committee on infrastructure financing under his leadership.The estimate of $1-trillion investment in infrastructure during the twelfth plan period is impossible to meet without private participation. The government will have to shed its \"business as usual\" stance and resort to some pragmatic measures to encourage private capital in infrastructure development, he observed.Investments in power, roads, telecommunications and railways will consume most of the projected investment in infrastructure sector, Parekh said, adding that speedy completion of projects in these areas will be critical if the country wants to resume the 8-9 per cent annual growth rate it enjoyed till recently.\"We cannot be complacent and point out to global economic recessions as the reason for slow down at home. Instead, we should look critically inward for ways to improve our methods of managing the economy ,\" Parekh said.Parekh said the recently announced package for debt restructuring of the state electricity boards will work only if appropriate parallel initiatives are adopted. He said converting into bonds 50 per cent of the SEBs' accumulated losses and offering fresh moratorium for the rest will give these bodies a breather, but they should leap frog power generation during this period, and most importantly, reduce their transmission and distribution losses, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897877", "title": "Know more about HPV vaccine", "text": "Dr Shylasree, RA Badwe and Dr. Sudeep GuptaVirtually all cervical cancers are caused by a virus called Human Papilloma Virus (HPV). There are many types of HPV. HPV is usually acquired through skin-skin contact and genital HPV through sexual intercourse. Most HPV infections are cleared by the body similar to how we clear a flu virus. Some times HPV can stay in the body for a long time. Only persistent infection with high risk HPV will lead to precancerous cells on the cervix and if precancerous cells are left untreated can lead to cervical cancer in some women. Common high risk HPV infections which cause cervical cancer are HPV 16 and 18 and have been found in 70 per cent of cervical cancers.Recently two injectable HPV vaccines have been manufactured which are given as a series of 3 injections over 12 months. It has been shown that these vaccines can reduce the incidence of HPV infection and cervical pre-cancer in vaccinated women. They are usually given before the onset of sexual activity, for example in young girls starting in their teens. However there are several remaining questions about the efficacy of these vaccines. For example , there is yet no proof that these vaccines will prevent invasive cervix cancer (as opposed to precancer) in the long term. Moreover it is not yet known whether immunity against HPV infection will last for several decades over which cervical cancer slowly develops.Because of these questions the vaccines have not yet been incorporated in the Indian immunization program. It is currently recommended that all sexually active women should undergo regular VIA or Pap smear screening at regular intervals starting from the age of 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897183", "title": "'Lifestyle change can help fight HIV'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The fact that IDUs are more prone to getting HIV infection was realized when two such cases were reported at the Antiretroviral Therapy Centre of Civil Hospital in September. The number of IDUs in Ludhiana is eight this year, compared to the total of 58 since the Centre's inception in July 2010.Discussing the treatment, district programme officer of HIV/AIDS Dr Uggar Singh Sooch said said: \"Antiretroviral drugs are given to HIV positive patients when their CD IV cell count falls below 350. Besides, the patients are advised a lifestyle change, proper diet and exercise.\"OSTC in charge Dr S S Dhir said: \"Most patients are in the 18-35 age group. They often share needles used to inject drugs like Norphine and Fortwin. They mix Diazepam and Avil to dilute the Norphine/Fortwin injections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897977", "title": "Smokers, alcoholic men beware of osteoporosis", "text": "INDORE: More number of women suffer from osteoporosis than men. But considering it solely as a 'woman's disease' would not be wise, as it can pose a significant threat to men's mobility and independence as well.Doctors say osteoporosis progresses silently without symptoms until a fracture occurs. Hence the causes, such as smoking and alcohol consumption, lack of physical activity and less exposure to sunlight in men should not be ignored.\"Osteoporosis develops less often in men than in women because men have larger skeletons. Their bone loss starts late and progresses more slowly, and they have no period of rapid hormonal change. However, over the past few years, osteoporosis among men has been recognized as an important public health issue and the reasons can be attributed to increased life expectancy and more importantly to faulty lifestyle,\" said orthopedic specialist Dr Deepak R Jaju.Elaborating, Dr Jaju said, \"\"The most common causes of osteoporosis in men include exposure to steroid medications, alcohol abuse, smoking, gastrointestinal disease, lack of appropriate exercises and low levels of sex hormone called testosterone.\"It is estimated that nearly 10-15 per cent population in the age group of 30-50 suffer from the disease while 30 per cent people suffering from it are those above 50 years of age.Sharing his view, another orthopaedician Dr D.K Sharma, said, \"Osteoporosis is a disease that causes the skeleton to weaken and bones to break. Though it is more often seen in women, it poses a significant threat to men as well.\"\"Alcohol abuse and smoking are two most major causes of osteoporosis in men. There is a wealth of evidence that shows alcohol abuse may decrease bone density and lead to an increase in fractures,\" Dr Sharma said.In cases where bone loss is linked to alcohol abuse, health experts advise the patient to stop consuming alcohol. Treatment plan may also include a balanced diet with lots of food rich in calcium and vitamin D and a programme of physical exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896022", "title": "Beware of unauthorized cash checks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: How can one determine if the bunch of policemen who have flagged one down and are seeking details of cash being carried are empowered to do so by the Election Commission Of India (ECI)? To keep tabs on illicit poll expenditure, the ECI requires that citizens who carry Rs 2.5 lakh or more should produce details of the origin of the cash and its intended purpose.The ECI has empowered designated static surveillance teams (SST) in each district to carry out such checks. No government servant \u2014 apart from the SST team members \u2014 has the authority to stop citizens and seek details of cash. \"SST teams consist of an executive magistrate, a videographer, and two to three policemen,\" says district collector Vijay Nehra. \"This team will carry identity cards and a citizen can ask these officials to produce their IDs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16899547", "title": "Driver held for making fake toll passes", "text": "MUMBAI: A little variation found in colour of a toll pass put on a Tata Sumo vehicle had helped the Navghar police in Mulund (East) to unearth a fraud that was committed by a 32-year-old driver who allegedly sold forged monthly toll passes at a discounted price of Rs 700 against the original price Rs 1,200.From January till October, the main accused Shailesh Saval, a Vasai resident, has forged approximately 50 toll passes that looks genuine and sold it to drivers those who are into pick up and drop services at BPO firms. Investigators also fear forging of toll passes will be a real problem and the \"anti-social elements\" or \"terror outfits\" can take undue advantage using the method to enter and leave the city without getting noticed.Police said that the arrest of the two drivers of BPO Firms -- Sachin Salunkhe (24) and Viraj Tawde (24) -- at the Airoli and Mulund Toll Nakas on October 15 had helped the police to nab the mastermind one Shailesh Saval (32) from Vasai. His arrested further helped the police to arrested a small time Printing press owner Jaiprakash Saval (42) from Lower Parel on Wednesday.Additional Commissioner of Police (East region) Quaiser Khalid confirmed about the new modus operandi of fraud. \"I had held meetings with the MEP Infrastructure Developers Private Limited, a Mumbai-based organization, to come out with a solution to tackle such kind of fraud. I have given suggestion to them to stop the manual issuing of toll pass. Instead to issue a smart card that will get automatically punched when the vehicle passes the Toll,\" said Khalid. \"In this case the misuse and forgery was done by a driver. But we will be taking additional precautionary measures so that such act will not be adopted by anti-social elements,\" he said.Shailesh reportedly made the forge toll passes after buying a genuine pass from the Dahisar Toll after paying Rs1,200 which is valid for all the five Toll Nakas to enter and exit points of the city. \"He makes at least 10-20 passes every alternate month and sell it to the drivers who have put their vehicles for pick up services at call centres. He also issues fake receipt of Rs1,200 with Toll authorities signature to the drivers so that they can it reimbursed from the BPO firm by making a profit of Rs500,\" said Navghar police senior inspector Ganesh Gaikwad .Assistant Inspector AS Sawant said that there are two types of passes that are issued by the Tolls. \"A motorist avails a monthly pass for Rs1,000 from a respective toll and it cannot used to cross other toll naka. The other pass cost Rs1,200 which can be used at all the five tolls in the city. Initally Shailesh use to make the pass with the help of colour Xerox . He noticed that the colour fades fast and chances of getting caught are more. So he got in touch with the printing press owner and studied the colour combination and its longevity and decided to go for printing. Every month the pass colour changes and the accused makes it accordingly,\" said Sawant.The four arrested accused are booked for cheating and forgery. They are in custody till October 20. Meanwhile the printing press owner claimed that he was unaware about the fraud. He use to print 20 pass for which he was paid Rs650.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896507", "title": "Banks can't deny loan due to low marks, says HC", "text": "CHENNAI: A bank cannot deny educational loan to students on the ground that the student's academic record is poor, the Madras high court has said.Justice D Hariparanthaman, passing orders on a writ petition of a scheduled caste girl, said: \"The bank cannot deny educational loan on the ground that the academic record of the petitioner at the school level was very poor. There is no such provision in the circular of the bank that the loan can be sanctioned only if the academic performance of the student was very good at the school level.\"Justice Hariparanthaman said: \"In fact, I have noted in my earlier order dated September 15, 2010 that Dr B R Ambedkar obtained only 287 marks out of 750 in the matriculation examinations and his educational need was taken care of by King of Baroda on the ground that he belongs to scheduled caste,\" the judge added.Noting that the Central government had brought the educational loan scheme to help economically weaker sections and not even a third party guarantee was required for disbursement of loans up to 4 lakh, Justice Hariparanthaman asked the Ambur branch of the Punjab National Bank to sanction educational loan to the student within four weeks.The matter relates to a writ petition of Anitha, a nursing student from Vellore district. Though she cleared her Class 12 in 2005, she was not able to continue higher education due to family problems and poor health condition of her mother. Later, she joined BSc (nursing) at Noorie College of Nursing in Kolar district in Karnataka. She applied for an education loan for 3.15 lakh. But, the Punjab National Bank rejected her application on the ground that her academic performance at the school was poor.The bank, however, justified the denial of educational loan to Anitha, stating that it had been provided for in the bank's circular. Referring to earlier orders of the court, the judge said the circular could not go beyond such orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16897330", "title": "Police to ensure space for howdah elephant", "text": "MYSORE: Movement of people around the Dasara howdah elephant will be restricted to prevent any untoward incident and to facilitate visitors to have a better look of the lead elephant this Dasara season.Police commissioner K L Sudheer, who is chief of Dasara procession subcommittee, said except the required number of people around the howdah elephant others will be restricted from getting close to the golden howdah-carrying elephant.Meanwhile, the commissioner said a total of nine SP-grade officers have been roped in for security at Mysore Palace, through the procession route and at Banni Mantap grounds on the last day of Dasara. Another batch of police officers from other district will join the city police for D-day security task. Sudheer said this season we are managing Dasara duty with only state security forces.CCTVs have been installed on the procession route and sentries armed with binoculars will be stationed atop sky rise buildings.A command team, six bomb detection squads and a bomb disposal squad from Bangalore have arrived in Mysore. Another nine bomb detection teams will arrive, the commissioner said.CavalcadeThis time a total of just over 100 troupes including 37 tableaux and nearly 75 cultural/artistes group will take part in the Victory procession from Mysore Palace to Banni Mantapa grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896182", "title": "State Commission for Women seeks probe in lady constable assault case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Commission for Women (SCW) on Saturday recommended a Crime Branch probe into the incident of a woman constable being allegedly assaulted in the September 6 Congress rally here wherein a violent clash took place between police and protestors.The SWC chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi submitted a report to the chief minister suggesting action against persons responsible' for outraging the modesty of the woman constable, Pramila Padhi. Panigrahi recommended 'good service award' for the constable and compensation to her by the government for the loss of her modesty, besides meeting her medical expenses. The report suggested ban on 'all agitation programmes at the lower PMG' as it has been causing 'inconvenience to the common people'.Odisha governor M C Bhandare has also ordered a Lokpal probe into the violence at the Congress rally where about 250 persons including 60 security personnel were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895804", "title": "LIC chief for \u2018a policy in every pocket\u2019", "text": "PATNA: LIC chairman D K Mehrotra on Friday reviewed the activities of East Central Zone comprising Bihar, Jharkhand and Odisha and said that \"a policy in every pocket\" was the Vision 2020 of LIC.Mehrotra, who was in the state capital on Friday, said the LIC was determined to make every Indian feel financially secure in adequate measure, in terms of life, health insurance and annuity.The chairman, who hails from Bihar, said, \"Our vision is to reach out to every Indian with these three protections while setting a time frame for achieving it.\" He said the journey towards Vision 2020 was a relay race - the baton would get passed on as years change but the run must continue till the goal of \"a policy in every pocket\" was achieved.Vinay Sah, zonal manager, East Central Zone, welcomed the chairman on his two-day visit and said under his leadership the LIC had grown from strength to strength and successfully increased its market share. This has been achieved despite a bleak economic scenario. It was evident from the fact that at the end of August, the LIC's market share in terms of new policies increased to 81.25% and 75.95% in terms of first premium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900808", "title": "Be a show stealer this Navrati", "text": "Ever wondered what it would be like to see Goddess Durga with her best fashion foot forward in tune with the trend of the season?While Maa Durga's fashion traits lie at the immaculate creative hands of her doting karigars, her devotees might just have to go the extra mile this festive season, shopping for the best weaves, silks and georgettes in town.Keep your ensembles basic Romance with whites and nude colour palettes as you choose from a fashion potpourri with printed patterns and bright floral work. Burnt orange and burgundy short kurtas with a printed patiala is traditional yet urban, and a perfect traditional wardrobe option, says designer Abhisek Dutta, who looks forward to fashionistas experimenting with different shades of red this Navratri.Mix and match \"Look your best in a season steeped with happy confusion as you go to pandal,\" says designer Sayon Mitra, who is all up and about to showcase his navratri collection comprising a combination of smart corsets, funky jackets, intricately designed stoles, wrap around skirts and trousers of various cuts.Stylish for Durga Puja Mahaashtami is a day given to praying and pushpanjali.It hosts a riot of colours, weaves and patterns. Designer Paromita Banerjee , who is strongly inspired by the intricacies of pandal craftsmanship, wishes handloom fabrics to become a part of the famous Bengali Durga Puja festival. Tangail, jamdani, chanderi, ikkat, tussar are the fabrics she recommends for the season in tunics, jackets, capes or the eternal nine yard wonder.Go semi-desi A semi-traditional outfit creates magic keeping the festive flavour alive. An opulently embellished yoke in an anarkali dress is the fashion high of the season. If you want a flirty feminine look, go for neon denims and banjara skirts.What not to wear Less is always more; heavy accessorising and overly done make-up are a strict nono this season.Opt for singular colours, emphasis should be on silhouettes and not too much on embellishment.The garment should be comfortable, do not let them overshadow your personality, and dress according to the occasion - denim and a tee is not help in this festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896905", "title": "Badaun case Accused to be booked under National Security Act", "text": "LUCKNOW: DGP Ambrish Chandra Sharma on Saturday directed the Badaun police to slap the provisions of National Security Act on the accused arrested in connection with the alleged attempt to set ablaze the district supply officer (DSO) Neeraj Singh and his team on Thursday evening.The DG said that nothing should be left to chance in terms of setting up an example that whoever tries to influence the government servants, will not be spared irrespective of his/her connections or position.\"Police action in this incident should be a landmark one and the officers on the ground have been directed to do whatever the law demands against such elements,\" the DGP said.Though three of the five named accused of the crime have been arrested, the state police chief said the police will move the local court to seek orders for attachment of property of the remaining accused in case they continue to abscond.Badaun police has also been directed to book the accused under the provisions of the Gangsters Act and also open history-sheet of the accused, if required. It may be mentioned here that police opens a history-sheet of an individual who is a habitual offender and needs special police focus.These history-sheets are opened at the police station level and are seen as a registration of sorts of the individual and his criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896058", "title": "IIM-A cure for policy paralysis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: General Secretary of Assam BJP Pradyut Bora, a 1999 batch graduate from Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) joined politics full-time in 2004. IIM-A graduate from the 2005 batch, E Sarath Babu, contested Lok Sabha elections as an independent candidate for the Chennai South constituency in 2009 and for the post of mayor in 2011. Another 1978 batch graduate from IIM-A, P D Rai, is a Member of Parliament (MP) from Sikkim.Till a few years ago, IIM-A churned out several young management graduates who were interested in leading the change in Indian politics. However, political parties are no longer seem cool destinations to work or intern at for students from the country's premier business school. Navdeep Mathur, assistant professor, Public Systems Group at IIM-A, said, \"In the last two years, very few students have shown interest in pursuing a career in politics. There were some courses that engaged with politics but there are hardly any takers now.\"In 2006, IIM-A had hosted talks by a number of top politicians including Lalu Prasad Yadav , Nitish Kumar, and Sitaram Yechury. However, the institute has stopped inviting politicians to campus as part of the curriculum. In 2007-08, IIM-A started a one-year programme in public management and policy for civil servants but discontinued it in 2009-10. Anil Gupta, a faculty member at IIMA, said, \"Internships with political parties have not taken place in the last few years. A few years ago, students did contribute to policy analysis, making backgrounders on some of bills before Parliament. We also had an experimental course on constituency management where several students worked with a few MPs. But that has not continued.\"An elective course on public policy was introduced in 2010 with 50 students, which increased to 86 students in 2011. This year, the number of students opting for the course dipped to 10. However, students are working on independent projects for public change. Last year, students formed a Public Policy Special Interest Group (SIG), which has been organizing events and guest lectures on policy issues ranging from Lokpal to the draft Telecom Bill. Nalla Sivan, coordinator of the SIG, said, \"While politics may not be career option for many, about 10% of group members are interested in a career in civil services and working on independent projects.\"\"I am not seeing much interest from students in joining political parties just now, but that does not mean that it will not happen again,\" said Gupta, who teaches 'Globalizing and Resurgent India through Innovative Transformation' (GRIT), along with former president Dr APJ Abdul Kalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895826", "title": "Nitish Kumar has lost goodwill of people: Markandey Katju", "text": "PATNA: Attacking Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju on Friday claimed that he had lost the goodwill of people as indicated by public protests against him during his recent 'Adhikar Yatra' and was \"scared\" of facing the people.\"The chief minister was shown black flags by the people and massive public protests took place during his 'Adhikar Yatra' which proves that he has failed to fulfil promises of development, employment and electricity even seven years after assuming power,\" Katju said at a book release function here.He claimed the public protests were so strong that Kumar had to abandon his yatra midway and at places where he addressed public meetings there were more policemen than the people, which he said proved that the chief minister was \"scared\" of those who had given him mandate for successive terms.He asked the CM to introspect about the actual cause of protests against him and admit that there was a genuine reason for anger against him and his government. Kumar should also analyse whether the standard of living of the people of Bihar had improved during his rule. He also slammed Kumar for carrying out a 'Bihar shining' campaign in the media and said that the facts like poverty, backwardness, lack of industrialization and unemployment and migration could not be ignored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897181", "title": "'Fee hike is result of taxes on schools'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The first meeting of the Association of Private Unaided Schools of Punjab was held at the Greenland Public School on Saturday. The association has been formed to resolve the issues being faced by the private schools in Punjab.The private school authorities claimed that the government has imposed a number of avoidable taxes on the schools as a result of which schools had to raise the fees.Meanwhile, state education minister Sikander Singh Maluka, maintained that 25% reservation for the economically weaker sections will not have sudden bearing on private schools. \"Initially the students will be admitted to government schools and will be taken in private schools only after admissions in those schools are full,\" he said. Maluka also maintained that the main focus was to improve the conditions of government schools.Next meeting of the association will be held in November at Jalandhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "residents have had enough of filth. on saturday, they joined hands and cleaned up garbage in their area and made the local mla suffer, albeit briefly. the act is a fitting reply to authorities who have not bothered to find a solution. it's also a lesson to all", "code": "16898109", "title": "Residents have had enough of filth, authorities should find a solution", "text": "Residents have had enough of filth. On Saturday, they joined hands and cleaned up garbage in their area and made the local MLA suffer, albeit briefly. The act is a fitting reply to authorities who have not bothered to find a solution. It's also a lesson to all: swing into action rather than sit back and crib.Related story: We've no option, garbage will go to Mandur: BBMP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16892537", "title": "Eight days with Microsoft Windows 8", "text": "Windows 8 is coming on October 26. But it is not just any other update to Windows, the most widely used operating system (OS) in the world. According to Microsoft, Windows 8 is re-imagining of the 25-years-old OS.Windows 8 is publicly available as a Release Preview. I downloaded the 64-bit version, installed it onto a laptop and used it to see what sort of changes it brings for the end users. There are interesting and significant ways in which this Windows is different from its predecessors. All of them affect the way people use computers. Some in a good way and some in bad. Dive in to know how Windows 8 fared on my laptop...Day one I got the Windows 8 ISO file from Microsoft website. Downloading the OS is simple: Just select the version you want -- 32-bit or 64-bit -- and hit the download button. If your computer has Core 2 Duo or newer processor and at least 4GB RAM, get the 64-bit version. Or else go for 32-bit OS. I used the USB tool created by Microsoft to convert the ISO file into a bootable pen drive and installed it on a laptop running AMD's A8 Trinity processor, 4GB RAM and AMD HD 7670M graphics card. The installation was smooth and took just 20 minutes.When I booted into the Windows 8, I found everything worked well. If you are used to the quirky Windows XP, you will be pleasantly surprised by how well Windows 8 can identify the hardware. But the Wi-Fi and touchpad caused some issues. Some tinkering with the system revealed the driver for Wi-Fi chip was missing. The laptop, which was made by Acer, lacked Windows 8 specific driver for the Wi-Fi chip, made by Atheros. But I tried Windows 7 drivers and it worked. I also managed to sort out touchpad issues but couldn't make multi-touch support work on it.The touchpad also did not support the gestures, like swiping from left to multitask. Apparently there is some confusion about gesture support on touchpad of laptops released before Windows 8 launch. I asked Microsoft but the company was ambiguous in its answer. \"Gestures are delivered via driver updates that are not currently broadly available,\" it said in an email.Day two Windows 8 can be personalized in a way similar to a smartphone or tablet. There is an option to use Microsoft Live ID to log into the system. Tying up the ID with a machine in Windows 8 does a lot. It allows users to install apps from Windows Store. It allows users to automatically backup their important files and photos on to SkyDrive, Microsoft's cloud storage system, and it configures the Microsoft email automatically. I also changed the wallpaper on Lockscreen, which could show notifications like amount of unread email, Twitter mentions, time, and weather information etc. This is similar to how lockscreens on tablets and smartphones work.Unfortunately, beyond the cosmetic options, I did not find too many ways to configure the OS. Wallpaper on the screen can be changed with any photograph, but for background on the Home screen, users are limited to just five abstract drawings. (In the final version of Windows 8 more images have been added but users can't select a custom picture).More than anything, I disliked the way Windows 8 de-emphasized folders. There is no Start button that can help a user navigate through folders and files. And in the part of the OS that uses Modern UI with big bold tiles, the file system is virtually non-existent. If you are the kind of user who never changes default folders like Download, Pictures or Music in Windows and does not care about meticulously keeping track of files, it may not bother you. In fact, you may even like the way Microsoft is trying to move away from the folder-inside-folder approach of storing files. But to me a machine doesn't feel personal enough unless I don't know exactly where each file is.Day three Windows 8 puts a lot of emphasis on Modern UI. And it discourages users from spending time in the Desktop mode, which has been reduced to an app. The command centre in the new OS is the Home screen, which is populated by tiles that replace icons in Windows 8. Some of these tiles can show information such as the number of unread mails and breaking news in almost real time. The Home screen also uses a powerful universal search, which helps users quickly find an application or file.Despite my best efforts to use Modern UI mode, I found myself switching to the Desktop mode frequently. The reason is simple: There are few apps with Modern UI. You can't help but use the good old apps like 7-ZIP. And when you use an app that lacks Modern UI, the OS kicks the user into the Desktop mode. In fact, the Desktop mode is brought to the front even when a user accesses advanced system options like MS-Config or configures a newly-installed harddisk or uses Windows Explorer, renamed File Explorer in the final version! The to and fro between desktop mode and the Home screen is jarring. And bad if you want to do some serious work on the computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895513", "title": "10,000 steps daily fitness test: Urban India fails miserably", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when leisure time physical activity \u2014 or LTPA, as it is increasingly being called \u2014 is emerging as the global mantra for health, urban India seems clued out. A new survey suggests that one of the reasons that Corporate India is sluggish could be the poor levels of physical activity among its white-collar workforce. About 60% of the 17,000 corporate employees who participated in the pan-India survey admitted to exercising three times a week and that, too, for less than 30 minutes at a stretch. The benefit of a brisk walk or the power of 10,000 steps daily in shaping one's health is clearly not popular as yet here.In corporate India, the daily step count rarely crosses 3,000. \"The average number of steps that urban Indians take would be between 2,500 and 3,000, especially if they don't take the public transport that entails walking across bridges and platforms,\" said Dr Aashish Contractor, a preventive cardiologist at Asian Heart Institute in Bandra Kurla Complex.LTPA is different from a planned exercise regimen. Instead of pumping iron, the World Health Organisation has said people can be healthy by being active \u2014 like walking briskly, skipping, swimming \u2014 for up to 30 minutes every day.A study in Lancet recently estimated that inactivity caused 6 to 10% of all deaths from major non- communicable diseases such as coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes , and breast and colon cancers.It showed that inactivity caused 5.3% of the 57 million deaths that occurred worldwide in 2008. The idea of underlining the problem was to show that the solution was simple: increase in leisure time physical activity. \"Research has shown that leisure time physical activity is beneficial for all,\" said Dr Contractor.In fact, the journal of the American College of Sports Medicine has categorized people on the basis of the number of steps they take: people who take less than 5,000 steps a day are sedentary, those who take between 5,000 and 7,500 are low on activity, those taking between 7,500 and 10,000 are somewhat active and the active ones take between 10,000 and 12,000 steps a day. In the sixties, Japanese walking clubs adopted a local pedometer's nickname for their product \u2014manpo-kei (translated as ten thousand step meter) \u2014 as the standard. The Japanese mantra of 10,000 steps a day translates into walking 6.4 km a day.The survey shows as much: 77% of the respondents admitted that they fail to take more than 10,000 steps a day. The reason is not hard to find: around 43% confessed to sitting for eight hours or more a day. Moreover, while doctors say five servings of vegetables and fruits daily can keep heart diseases at bay, the corporate sector is not a follower. Around 94% said they ate less than \"3 pieces of fruit\" a day and 84% said they ate less than 3 servings of vegetables.Stepathlon, a wellness company that conducted the survey as a run-up for a race to clock 10,000 steps a day for three months, said the results show that India's white-collar workforce is not getting enough exercise. \"It's a reflection of the fact that we have eliminated a lot of the incidental movement from our daily activities. Instead of climbing stairs, we take the elevator. Instead of walking on the weekends, we go for long drives,\" said company CEO Ravi Krishnan.The Lancet's special issue on physical activity just ahead of the London Olympics in July said physical activity is a neglected dimension of prevention and intervention worldwide, especially in low-income and middle-income countries. \"One problem is that physical activity is often perceived only in the context of controlling obesity...\"Krishnan added: \"All movement is good movement. Research has been confirmed that a skinny inactive person need not be healthier than an overweight active person... (we need to take) opportunities to increase incidental movement such as walking to the copier machine or to the pantry to get your own coffee.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900451", "title": "DSP to compose tunes for Ajith\u2019s film?", "text": "Tollywood music director Devi Sri Prasad would soon compose tunes for Thala Ajith-Anushka's next film. Sources say that the film makers are in talks with the music director and might finalize Devi's name shortly. Although Yuvan Shankar Raja and Anirudh Ravichander's names are under consideration, reports say that the makers are keen to zero in on DSP's name. An official announcement is yet to be made on this.Devi is known for his peppy tunes and surely his numbers can have Ajith shaking a leg and enthral his fans. Santhanam is playing an important role in this yet-to-be titled film, to be directed by Siva of Souryam and Daruvu fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16896508", "title": "Living apart to stay together", "text": "When Sukanya Rajesh got married a few years ago, she lived with her in-laws for a few months before she and her husband went abroad. A couple of years later, they returned to Chennai for good. But this time round, the young couple decided to set up home close to their parents rather than live with them. \"It was a conscious decision,\" says 29-yearold Sukanya. \"My parents and parents-in-law live in the same city and we could have lived with either of them but we wanted our privacy and independence.\"However, they chose a place close to both sets of parents. And, while her in-laws may have had some reservations initially, the arrangement worked out well. \"I can drop off my two-year-old daughter with them when I go shopping. And we help our parents, taking them to the doctor when they are ill.\"Like Sukanya, more people across the city are opting for this kind of living arrangement as it helps couples care for their ageing parents while having their own space. S Krishnamurthi got his father, K Sivaraman, to move into a nearby apartment in the same complex in R A Puram after Sivaraman began falling ill frequently. \"When I got married, we tried living together. But we felt we were getting into each other's space,\" he says.Though Sivaraman lived in Kotturpuram on his own, as years passed, his health began to fail. \"We began looking out for an apartment to rent in our complex and he moved in a few years ago,\" says 47-year-old Krishnamurthi.Today, they have a comfortable living arrangement. \"My father-in-law joins us for all meals,\" says Durga Krishnamurthi. \"While we try not to impose on him, he enjoys spending time with o u r d a u g h t e r Vasundhara.\" For the elderly, having their children close by is a source of great moral and emotional support. \"I like having my own space and usually spend my time watching TV and listening to music,\" says Sivaraman. \"But it is nice to know that my son and family are close by. Earlier, he often had to rush home to take me to hospital. It is a good arrangement if you can afford it.\"Living in close proximity helps people enjoy the benefits of a joint family while leading independent lives. In Anuradha Seshadri's house, four generations get together under one roof on weekends. She lives on the second floor of an apartment block in Alwarpet while her father lives on the first floor. \"When my mother passed away last year, I asked him to live with us, but he prefers to have his space,\" says 62-year-old Anuradha. \"But we visit each other every day and, on weekends, when my daughter visits me with her five-year-old, we have a lot of fun.\"Her father, S Srinivasan, who turns 90 this December, is content to live with a housekeeper who has been with the family for 30 years. \"He often tells me that you need only two things when you are old - financial and moral support. And he has both,\" says Anuradha.Counsellors, however, say that while such living arrangements are getting to be common, it has its pros and cons. \"It is convenient for both parties. But sometimes, aged parents feel that they spend too many hours babysitting. And couples don't like their parents interfering in the decision-making process,\" says Magdalene Jeyarathnam of Centre for Counselling. \"Ultimately, you have to strike a balance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896410", "title": "Education department gearing up for 100% Right to Education Act implementation", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to tighten the noose on private schools ignoring Right to Education Act, the state education department has directed schools to furnish information on the number seats at entry level in an effort to monitor admissions of underprivileged students later. The move came after private schools were found continuously dodging government over enrolling 25% students from economically weaker sections.As per the provisions of the RTE Act, all private schools are expected to reserve 25% seats in their entry-level classes for children from economically weaker sections (EWS). The schools are entitled to receive reimbursements from the education department for providing free education to these children.\"Private schools have been dodging us since the Act came into effect in 2009. These directions will leave them with no scope for flouting the most important provision of the Act (25% reservation),\" said SC Meena, district education officer, adding that punishment for violating the rules include cancelling registration of schools.Since the Act came into effect, schools in Rajasthan have been continuously shying away from implementing it in the absence of government strictness. Now there is no legal obstacle in the way of Act since the apex court has exempted minorities and residential schools out of Act's ambit.Learning lessons from the past, the department is chalking out modalities to ensure that none of the private schools flout RTE Act. Last year, 1,389 schools had applied for reimbursement of 13, 848 students. During verification, it was found that very few of them had submitted documents required. \"Schools have been asked to ensure that they should find a deserving student and entails all his/her documents before claiming reimbursements,\" said Meena.The district education department had issued 30 notices to private schools for violating provisions of this Act. Few schools in their defence contended that they didn't find suitable students of this category. To nail down such excuses, state has asked the schools that it is their duty to find such students rather than waiting for parents to come down for admissions.Damodar Goyal, president of society for private unaided schools in Rajasthan, has asked its member schools to follow all provisions of the Act. \"The provisions of the Act are in the earnest favour of schools. He, however, contended that government should keep an eye on some schools who are proclaiming the safeguards of this Act by admitting all students under this Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16906120", "title": "Durga Puja provisions shop struggling for survival", "text": "GUWAHATI: The labyrinthine alleys of Fancy Bazar are always abuzz with traders and customers scuttling to get the best deal. Changes in the outside world have little impact on business here where thousands are in the race to survive amid cut-throat competition.However, a one-stop-shop for puja provisions - one of the oldest in the area - has been a victim of changing times. Messers Kunjo Behari Bannerjee and Sons, popularly known as Kunjo Thakur's shop in the locality, has been selling puja condiments since 1868. But with many shops coming up in the area, Kunjo Thakur is losing its monopoly. Barring the festival season, the shop wears a deserted look. Its proprietors are trying hard to stay afloat.\"The business was established in 1856 but the shop opened in 1868. My grandfather had three shops in Dhaka, Calcutta and here. It is a family business that is run by my brothers and cousins. The shop had a monopoly as there were no other shops that had such variety under one roof. But that is not the case anymore,\" said Utpal Bannerjee, grandson of Kunjo Thakur, and one of the proprietors. The shop sells anything needed during pujas, wedding, shraadh and other Hindu rituals.A strong smell - a psychedelic mix of agaru (a fragrance extracted from a bark of a tree), pure ghee, turmeric, spices and dried herbs - welcomes a person walking into the shop. The old wooden shelves and walled cupboards take one back in time.The shop is also among a few in the city selling ayurvedic items.It gets back to life during the festival season. Proprietors get busy catering to customers from Sashti.The queue outside the shop only proves its popularity and age-old branding. More than 120 items, like vermillion, umbrellas, kharam (wooden sandals), threads, kumkum are required for Durga Puja rituals and all these are available here. The shopowners have always been careful about quality, and this is the reason that it is considered a brand in itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16897020", "title": "Face it, teachers cloak in aprons to dodge cams", "text": "KOCHI: Managements of several private schools in Kerala want women teachers to adopt a dress code to avoid prying eyes of male students. They have suggested teachers wear an apron or an overcoat \"to cover themselves properly\" in class.There isn't a formal diktat but it's the talk of staff rooms after many women teachers noticed students taking pictures of them with mobile cameras.\"We have received many complaints of students clicking photographs of teachers in saris while they write on the blackboard. Most of these images find their way to popular social networking sites,'' said Kerala CBSE School Management Association president T P M Ibrahim Khan.He admitted the ban on mobiles on campus isn't working. This has forced many schools in the state to ask lady teachers to wear an overcoat or apron on top of their sari or churidhar-kameez. \"We also received many complaints that unruly comments about teachers' anatomy appearing as graffiti on toilet walls,'' Khan said. \"This decision has been taken only to ensure proper respect for their privacy. We don't want to hurt anyone by implementing this.''Though Khan is candid in his admission, school managements cite other reasons to justify the apron code. While some managements maintain it is to bring in uniformity in teachers' dressing, others say it is for adding a style quotient. For some others it is for teachers' convenience to \"carry chalk and pen''.\"Apart from urban schools, mofussil institutions are also practising this. I personally believe that teachers are role models and need to dress in a decent manner, whether there is a dress code or not,\" said Kerala CBSE School Management Association general secretary Indira Rajan.Not all teachers are pleased with the cover-up order. \"As teachers we know what to wear. Sometimes senior students, especially boys, are curious, we hear comments, they laugh and make fun of us. But these are fine and have to be tackled in a different way,'' a woman teacher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896204", "title": "Petition questions Odisha Mining Corporation's chrome ore selling procedure", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Controversy has hit Odisha Mining Corporation (OMC) over its decision to sell chrome ore of the same grade at the same location at different prices, with a former MP challenging the state-owned undertaking's auction procedure in court.\"In the matter of auction sale of chrome ore/chrome concentrate by fixing two different rates for the same material for Odisha-based and outside Odisha-based bidders, (OMC) not only committed irregularities in the matter of sale of the precious chrome ore but also caused huge loss to the government,\" Balgopal Mishra said in his petition to Orissa high court. The case pertains to OMC's tenders floated on September 3 for auction sale of chrome ore and chrome concentrate from its Kaliapani and south Kaliapani mines in Jajpur.Mishra further challenged OMC supplying chrome ore to private companies that have mining lease for chromite mines. \"Although the eligibility criteria in the tender call notice provides that the lessee company, which has been given lease of chrome ore mines, or any company connected thereto shall not be eligible for participating in the bidding for purchase of chrome ore, but they have been allowed and chrome ore is being sold to those companies/lease holders of chrome mines,\" the petition said.Describing these as \"gross illegalities\", Mishra, also an ex-MLA, claimed that Jindal Stainless Limited (which has set up a plant at Kalinga Nagar, Jajpur) is not eligible to participate in the bid as it has got mining lease, but OMC has been selling the raw material to the company.OMC chairman-cum-managing director Saswat Mishra refused to comment on the allegations. \"The matter is already sub-judice. The Orissa high court has granted a stay and we have stopped sales operations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16896245", "title": "Groups object to Brahmin name of eatery on CM\u2019s turf", "text": "TRICHY: Communal politics reared its ugly head in the temple town of Srirangam near here as members of some fringe political groups tried to forcefully remove the name board of a vegetarian restaurant, which included the word 'Brahmin'. That it happened right in front of the famous Srirangam Rajagopuram in chief minister and AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa's constituency added to the tension. The restaurant is now being run with police protection.As many as 164 people had been taken into custody. Police could not decide as late as 9pm whether or not to remand them.A few hundred members of the Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam, Periyar Paasarai and Periyar Thathuva Maiyyam jointly agitated in front of a small restaurant demanding that it remove its name board that carried the appellation \"Bramanal\" (Brahmins) in addition to the name of the restaurant. The 10 ft-by-10 ft restaurant, Sri Krishna Iyyer Cafe, on E V S Road, is located right in front of the Rajagopuram. The agitators objected to two Tamil words in the name board translated as \"Traditional Brahmin's Cafe.\"Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam district secretary V Saravanan and Seeni Vidhuthalai Arasu of Periyar Paasarai claimed they had asked the owner of the restaurant, 33-year-old Krishna Iyyer aka Manikandan, four months ago to remove the objectionable term, \"Brahmin\". \"We have no objection if they declare their names either as 'Aiyer' or 'Iyengar' but never as 'Brahmins',\" said Saravanan. Krishna Iyyer told TOI he would give up the claim to his traditional name if the rationalist outfits were ready to remove the statue of E V R Periyar, the icon of Dravidian Movement, from its present location in front of the Rajagopuram. \"They have every right to stick to their atheistic beliefs, but the statue hurts the sentiments of Hindus in the state,\" he said.Hundreds members of fringe political parties agitated in front of a restaurant demanding removal of its name board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16896252", "title": "Cuttack puts up a shimmering show", "text": "CUTTACK: The trend of using precious metals for decorating deities is catching up this season with about 15 puja committees, members of the elite chandi medha club, ready to showcase intricate works by veteran local artists.Despite the skyrocketing prices of gold and silver, major puja committees in the city are spending in crores to make props like medha and different ornaments, among others. Some organizing bodies, like the Choudhury Bazaar Puja Committee, are using gold ornaments and decorations.Choudhury Bazaar Puja Committee was the first to use gold crowns in 2002, followed by Manglabagh and Sheikh Bazaar. This year, the goddess at Chauliaganj will also flaunt a gold crown made of 3.5 kg of gold at a cost of over Rs 1.20 crore. \"The gold crown crafted in the shape of peacock is a magnificent piece of filigree work. It will be the centre of attraction,\" said Niranjan Sahoo, vice president of the committee.The Chandni Chowk Puja Committee has made a gold sankha and a chakra, with 120 gm of gold. \"We have plans to prepare gold crowns for the deity next year and we have started the process by preparing gold sankha and chakra,\" said Habu Singh, joint secretary of the committee.The Kazi Bazaar Puja Committee, for instance, has spent Rs 80 lakh on a tableaux made of 2.5 quintal of silver. The goddess will also have a silver crown. It took the puja committee, a new addition to the list of chandi medha (the decorations, including the back screen) committees, almost 15 years to complete the tableaux.\"We had started work on the chandi medha in 1997 but due to lack of money it took us so long to complete it. It feels so good to see the goddess adorned with the silver ornaments,\" said Pradip Sinha, secretary of Kazi Bazaar Puja Committee.The filigree work is intricate and crafted with fine silver threads and beads with silver flowers, giving it a traditional look. Veteran filigree artist Jagadananda Moharana has worked on it.\"Exquisitely handcrafted silver filigree rose flowers have been fitted to the tableaux and has given a spectacular look to the pandal,\" added Sinha.Similarly, the Khannagar Puja Committee has prepared silver crowns for goddesses Laxmi and Saraswati with 15 kg of silver. \"We had prepared the silver tableaux two years ago. This time we decided to add something new to the goddess' look (and) so we have made two crowns for the deities,\" said Prafulla Sahoo, secretary of the puja committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "koraput/angul/bhubaneswar", "code": "16896197", "title": "Nalco staff protest against divestment", "text": "KORAPUT/ANGUL/BHUBANESWAR: Intensifying their agitation against the Union government's decision on disinvestment in the Navratna PSU National Aluminium Company Limited (Nalco), employees of the company's refinery unit at Damanjodi and smelter plant at Angul abstained from duty on Saturday.Over 10 recognized unions of the company, under the banner Nalco Surakhya Samiti, staged a dharna in front of the main gate of the company and vowed to fight tooth and nail against the Centre's decision of disinvestment in Nalco.For the first time since its inception in 1985, the PSU recorded zero attendance and zero production owing to the workers' agitation.\"The company recorded nil attendance and production as all the permanent staff and contractual employees abstained from duty. At no cost will disinvestment be allowed,\" in Nalco. We demand immediate revocation of the decision to disinvest,\" said Nalco Surakhya Samiti coordinator K Chandi Prasad Rao.The Union cabinet committee on disinvestment (CCD) decided recently to dilute 12.15% of the government's stake in Nalco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16897552", "title": "Mangalore-based trust spearheads financial literacy programmes", "text": "MANGALORE: Jnana Jyothi Financial Literacy and Credit Counselling Trust, jointly sponsored by Syndicate Bank and Vijaya Bank and set up according to the model scheme of Reserve Bank of India in 2010, has completed two years of service.The Trust so far has opened 32 centres in 25 lead districts in India, of which 14 centres are in Karnataka, five in Andhra Pradesh, two in Kerala, six centres in Uttar Pradesh and five in Haryana. Of these, seven were opened in taluk places. The board of trustees met on Friday to review the performance.During the half year 2012-13, it conducted 3,729 financial literacy campaigns in villages, schools/colleges and participated in training programmes organized by Rural Self Employment Institutes sponsored by the two banks and other institutes and thus tried to reach the target groups - students, farmers, villages, SHGs and unemployed youth. The centres were able to bring awareness on financial literacy among 2.44 lakh people.The Trust was able to cover 1,376 unbanked villages having population more than 2,000. As many as 11,347 persons have visited the centres to get financial literacy service and 1,396 persons were counselled through mobile. FLCC centres have also associated in 126 Farmers' Clubs for holding campaigns, benefitting 4,772 people.Each centre has been provided with experienced and trained counsellors for giving information on banking products and services to people free of cost in its efforts to extend financial literacy.Institutional sponsorshipThe Trust has granted institutional sponsorship to Karnataka Bank Ltd for opening Bantwal centre in DK district and to Gurgaon Gramin Bank for opening three centres at Nagina, Tigaon and Pataudi in the Haryana. The Trust has launched a website www.jnanajyothiflcc.com in English, Hindi and Kannada covering various financial products and services provided by the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897584", "title": "Now, all Goa public service commission interviews to be video-recorded", "text": "PANAJI: All oral interviews for Goa civil service posts conducted by the Goa public service commission (GPSC) will be video-recorded in order to bring in transparency.The Goa Civil Service Rules, 1997, have been amended by the state government in consultation with GPSC.The amended rules state 'all such oral interviews shall be conducted under CCTV surveillance or videography and the proceedings thereof shall also be video-recorded and such recording shall form permanent record of the commission.'A notification issued by the personnel department stated that there will be no shortlisting of candidates for the oral interview and all candidates who secure 65% marks and above at the written examination will be called for the oral interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16897081", "title": "Indian National Army war veteran cherishes 1st salute", "text": "LUCKNOW: For most of the Bengalis residing in Lucknow, Shaptami - the seventh day of Navaratra - marks the actual beginning of Durga Puja festivities, but for 90-year-old Lieutenant Sudhindra Kumar Bardhan, this Sunday holds special significance, as it was on this historic day in 1943 that the foundations of the Indian National Army or the Azad Hind Fauj were strengthened and cemented by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose in Singapore.The INA not only gave a major jolt to the Allied Forces in World War II , but even after the culmination of the war, it played a major role in uniting the people from different walks of life in India and putting a question mark on the continuance of the British Raj.Recalling his young days in the Azad Hind Fauj, S K Bardhan (as he is popularly known) who later settled in Lucknow in 1948 says, \"It was on October 21, 1943 that Netaji at a gathering of Indian delegates declared to the world the establishment of provisional government of free India (Azad Hind government). He also announced the names of his cabinet members at the Singapore headquarters and the formation of Azad Hind Fauj. This government was recognised by countries Germany, Italy, Croatia, Japan, Manchuria, Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia and Burma (now called Myanmar ). However, later the headquarters were shifted to Burma for operational purposes. On the midnight of October 22, the Azad Hind government declared war on Britain and America.\"Bardhan who joined the INA in November 1943 was one of the 75 cadets of the third batch of officers.\"Deeply moved and inspired by Netaji's patriotic speeches to free the motherland from foreign rule, I appeared before a selection panel comprising Colonel Kasliwal, Colonel Habibur Rehaman, Major Gupta and Yellapa. After clearing the test, I learnt skills of infantry and guerrilla warfare at the Officers Training School at Neesoon in Singapore. The military training was of nine-month duration and was similar to the one imparted at Indian Military Academy, Dehradun ,\" said the 90-year-old war veteran.When asked to share some of the memorable moments from his cadet days, Bardhan said, \"Our batch was the only batch of the INA to have the honour of Netaji taking the salute at the passing out parade at Batu Pahat in Johor, Malaysia. Interestingly on couple of occasions, the passing out parade was deferred, as Netaji was unavailable to do the honours.\"After completing the training, Bardhan was posted at the office of the station commander, Singapore and served there till the end.The 56,000-strong Azad Hind Fauj had brigades named after icons namely Gandhi, Nehru, Azad and Subhash, and also had Rani of Jhansi regiment. \"Interestingly, Netaji was not interested in having a brigade named after him, but had to relent to the growing pressure of the jawans,\" said Bardhan. One of the high points for the officers and jawans of INA came on March 19, 1944, when they entered the Indian soil after fierce fighting and occupied Moirang by April 14, 1944. \"The joy of our soldiers knew no bounds, as they kissed their motherland and hoisted the tricolour of the Azad Hind government, and sang Subh Shuk Chain Barkha Barse, Bharat Bhagya Hai Jaga (the then national anthem). Moirang was then made the headquarters,\" recalled an emotional war veteran.Before launching the attack, the Andaman and Nicobar Islands came under the control of the Azad Hind Fauj from the Japanese and were named as Shaheed and Swaraj islands. At a formal ceremony at Port Blair in March 1944, these islands were formally handed over to Maj Gen AD Longnathan, who represented the Azad Hind government.Post Moirang victory, luck was not on the side of the revolutionaries, as heavy rains resulted in disruption of communication and supplies. The biggest setback came after the surrender of Japan, when atom bombs rocked the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.During his conversation with the Japanese Army officials, who were insisting on laying down of arms, Netaji told them that the Azad Hind Fauj appreciates their concerns, but instead of laying down arms, the men and women would prefer to shift their base to another place. \"Consequently, we shifted ourselves to Singapore. Subsequently, Japan was destroyed after the Nagasaki bombing, which took place on August 9, 1945.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895865", "title": "65-year-old woman found murdered in Nalasopara", "text": "MUMBAI: A 65-year-old woman was found murdered in her Nalasopara (E) flat on Friday night. The police suspect that the killer was known to the victim, Vasanthi Rai, a widow.Rai was hit on her head with a frying pan till she bled to death at her Bhavin Shopping Centre flat in Central Park. The pan was found near the victim's body. According to Nalasopara police, the post-mortem report revealed that Rai had also been smothered with a pillow to ensure she was dead. The pillow was found in the room.Rai's daughter-in-law Ashwini returned home from work on Friday and found Rai murdered. She informed the police. Rai stayed with her son Sukesh, who works as a manager in a restaurant in Lower Parel, and Ashwini, who is employed with a travel agent at Goregaon. Sukesh and Ashwini leave for work in the morning. Ashwini told cops that Rai, who used to be alone during the day, never entertained strangers. She said Rai did not even open the door for salesmen and courier boys. Building residents too described Rai as an introvert.Reportedly, the ornaments worn by Rai were not robbed, though the family is yet to take stock of valuables in the house. Cops said there was no indication of forced entry into the house. Sukesh and Ashwini said they were not aware of any known person who was going to visit Rai on Friday. The flat belonged to Rai and cops are probing the property dispute angle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901029", "title": "Pakistani's Aamina Sheikh &amp; Iram Bilal for Josh at MAMI", "text": "Film director Iram Bilal with Pakistan's supermodel and leading actress Aamina Sheikh in Mumbai for Josh, MAMIIram Parveen Bilal, the maker of Josh, spent 4 years working on her debut feature film which is the only Pakistani film to make it to the 14th Mumbai International Film Festival this year. Josh is the only fiction film from Pakistan to be screened at MAMI in the last 5 years. It was recently mentioned in Hollywood's Variety and IndieWire for being one of only 2 fiction films to be granted the prestigious Women In Film Finishing Fund. It is also a film that has been mentored by the likes of the Oscar nominated Hany Abu Assad. Aamina Sheikh is one of the most well known and loved faces of the Pakistani fashion and entertainment industry today. In just 5 years she has made her mark in both the fashion and media industry with an array of high profile fashion shoots, TV serials and local and international films under her belt. As a model, Aamina's career is studded with experience in having worked with some of the best designers, photographers and stylists that the industry has to offer. Not only does she bring amazing versatility to every brand that she works with but she is also highly celebrated for her professionalism.As an actor, Aamina is seen portraying strong and challenging characters with incredible sensitivity and attention to details along with being extremely natural in her portrayal of complex roles. She is the face of L'Oreal Paris, Emirates Airlines, Pantene Shampoo and Clear Shampoo in Pakistan. She has won Best Actress At New York City International Film Festival 2012 Face Of The Year Award from Sunday Daily Times and Best Emerging Talent Award &amp; Best Model Of The Year Award under Lux Style Award. Currently, this talented and stunning model and actress is married to Mohib Mirza, an actor and comedian. The couple has since then acted in many telefims as an on screen couple. The story of Josh is simple and powerful and based on Fatima, a committed schoolteacher living the cosmopolitan high life in Karachi, who is devastated when her nanny, Nusrat, inexplicably disappears. Though her friends and family beg her not to disturb the status quo and confront the powerful feudals in Nusrat's village, Fatima travels there to investigate. Will the trials and tribulations deter Fatima's resolve? Will the quest challenge an already complicated romantic relationship? What all shall Fatima have to sacrifice in the search for answers?Josh (English Title: Against the Grain) is the story of a privileged woman whose life is shattered in a single moment. It is the story of a woman in search for a dangerous truth. It is the story of the biggest challenge to Pakistan's still reigning feudalism: the country's youth. The film explores the internal debates the young are struggling with, and how solutions can be attainable if and when they stand united. .Josh is the story of Fatima's search for a dangerous truth in Nusrat's feudal village. The starcast includes Aamina Sheikh, Mohib Mirza, Khalid Malik, Navin Waqar, Kaiser Khan Nizamani , Khalid Ahmed, Parveen Akber, Nyla Jafri, , Saleem Mairaj, Adnan Shah Tipu, Ali Rizvi, Faizan Haqquee and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16897885", "title": "UGC wants credit system in colleges by November 30", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: The University Grants Commission has reminded all colleges in the state to implement the choice-bad credit and semester system (CBCSS) at the earliest, as it would be linked with accreditation as well as UGC funding.Incidentally, a committee appointed by the Kerala State Higher Education Council to study the implementation of CBCSS, had recommended a partial rollback to the annual system, the UGC has reminded the colleges that the CBCSS should be implemented at the earliest as it will be linked with accreditation as well as UGC funding.The letter, sent by joint secretary of the UGC to all colleges on October 16, said the UGC's action plan for academic and administrative reforms during the XIth Plan should be implemented at the earliest. The action plan comprised aspects like semester system, choice-based credit system, curriculum development, admission procedures and examination reforms.\"It is proposed that during the XII Plan, the implementation of UGC action plan on academic and administrative reforms will be linked with accreditation as well as UGC funding. Also these reforms are necessary for the promotion of quality education,\" the letter read.The UGC has further asked the colleges to implement the system by November 30. The KSHEC recommendations, based on the report of Hridayakumari Committee, which was set up to study the working of the system and to suggest improvements, had given 11 recommendations based on its findings. It had also asked the government to modify the system.The government had issued an order, according in-principle sanction to the KSHEC's recommendations which created a ruckus in a syndicate members' meeting convened to discuss the recommendations on Wednesday. The teaching community, led by All Kerala Private College Teachers' Association and All Kerala Government College Teachers' Association, have been opposing the recommendations. \"Though the CBCSS may not be foolproof, but it is well %on track.Even the UGC is praising the system. The system does not require a total makeover,\" K L Vivekanandan, state secretary of AKPCTA said.The Hridayakumari Committee had suggested several changes to the CBCSS, including limiting the system to a select few colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897931", "title": "2,200 investors to take part in investors summit", "text": "BHOPAL: Preparations for the proposed Global Investors Summit at Indore from October 28 are in last stage. About 2,200 investors from the country and abroad will participate in the important event being organised by the state government to attract industrial investment in the state.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan reviewed preparations being made for the proposed summit here on Saturday. Chief secretary R Parasuram, additional chief secretary P K Dash and other officers were present at the meeting.At the meeting, Chouhan sought information about the programmes' outlines. He said all arrangements for the prestigious event should be completed within the time-limit in a systematic manner. Advance information about the state's specialities should be made available to the investors coming to the summit.A workshop of small entrepreneurs will be held on the first day of the summit. About 700 small entrepreneurs will participate in it. At the inaugural session on the second day of the summit, a short film \"Advantage Madhya Pradesh\" focusing on Madhya Pradesh will be screened. The same day, five sector-wise seminars will be held. These sectors include engineering, automobile, renewable energy, health and agri-business and food processing. Five sector-wise seminars will also be held on the third day on information technology, technical education and skill development, warehousing &amp; logistics, textile and tourism. Chouhan will hold one-on-one meeting with entrepreneurs on all three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896405", "title": "My mother's land deal fair: Praveen Kumar", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Urban Development Authority ( HUDA) administrator Praveen Kumar said on Saturday that the land deal of his mother Krishna Kanta was fair and the family wasready for any probe in this regard.Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer, Ashok Khemka, had taken on Kumar for allegedly allowing partition and demarcation of panchayat land in favour of his mother at Ankhir village in Faridabad. Khemka had written to the government: \"The gram panchayat was not only divested of 5,870 kanal of land, its share amounting to 1,573 kanal and 12 marla was pushed to the less valuable outer region in the first partition proceedings.\"Praveen Kumar claimed that there was no wrongdoing in the deal. \"My mother had purchased around two acres of land from the shamlat (common land) belonging to certain people in 2005. When she applied for partition of her share from the shamlat land in 2008, I was not deputy commissioner of Faridabad. Next year, the revenue officer had allowed the partition of shamlat land deciding over 100 cases, including my mother's application. The partition of shamlat land was completely as per law,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16899595", "title": "Indian Navy conducted motivational tour for 20 J &amp; K civilians", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty civilians from the Bandipur district of Jammu &amp; Kashmir state arrived in Mumbai on an Educational Motivational tour organized by the Indian Army under 'SADBHAVNA' on October 18.Defence officials said that this tour has been aptly called as 'Paigam-e-aman' as it brings the message of peace from the insurgency affected areas of J &amp; K. The tour is being conducted by one of the Rashtriya Rifles battalion which is known for their professionalism in counter insurgency operations.The civilians who hail from poor financial status and are from far flung areas affected by insurgency arrived here from Bandipur and will be further taken to Belgaum and Pune. \"The aim of the tour is to spread the message of peace and also give the elders a brief exposure to the development, quality of life and historical places of interest in other parts of our country. Mumbai, therefore, was an easy choice for being selected as one of the destinations of the tour,\" said Chief PRO (Defence) N Vispute.In Mumbai, they visited Gateway of India, Elephanta Caves, Nehru Planetarium, and Haji Ali along with various other historical places in and around the city as part of Mumbai Darshan. It is for the first time in their lives that they will be seeing a beach, Sea, ships, local trains, Skyscrapers and the life of the bustling metropolitan Mumbai.Officials said that the 20 civilians later be departed for Belgaum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900877", "title": "Shiva\u2019s next to release", "text": "Shiva, who had the audience in splits in Tamizh Padam is now gearing up for his next release in K-town. His latest project, Sonna Puriyadhu is all set to hit screens.Shiva made his tinsel town debut with Chennai 600028 and went on to do films like Va Quarter Cutting and Tamizh Padam and became a hit among the audience. His recent film, Kalakalappu , directed by Sundar C too did well at the Box office. Shiva is now working on the remake of Thillumullu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895689", "title": "Who took the plants out?", "text": "HYDERABAD: In yet another plantation drive gone wrong, hundreds of plants on the Madhapur- Gachibowli stretch have disappeared just a year after they were planted, thanks to the improper planning of the APIIC (Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructural Corporation). In an RTI query, the corporation stated that it had not even translocated any of them and failed to give exact details of the plants uprooted during the road widening programme.In a plantation drive organised by ITsAP, as part of its corporate social responsibility, in August 2009, a large number of IT and software employees participated and close to 500 saplings were planted along the Hi-Tec City-Gachibowli main road stretch.However, in 2011, APIIC had decided to widen the road here and went on to uproot the plants it had planted a year ago. During this one year, not only had the plants grown to significant size but lakhs of rupees had been spent in the whole exercise of buying these saplings and maintaining them.Immediately after the plantation drive, a private company was given the contract of maintaining these plants for a period of six months by paying Rs 600 for each sapling. After the six-month period, the plants were handed over to APIIC which uprooted them in no time.A recent RTI query on this issue has revealed that APIIC had made no efforts to even translocate them and had even failed to give exact details of the plants uprooted during the road widening programme.P Ramakrishna, activist who filed the RTI with APIIC said, \"I had participated in the plantation drive in 2009 along with many other IT employees. For the next few months I kept a tab on these plants which were growing wellbut I was shocked to see that most of them were being removed for a road widening programme. Initially, I had thought that the translocation was done but that was not the case.\"When I filed an RTI recently on this issue, APIIC replied that only six plants had been uprooted by them and handed over to forest department. Apart from thatThere was no mention of the rest of the missing trees. At least 400 plants have gone missing as per my knowledge. It is surprising that APIIC has uprooted so many healthy plants and now are planting new ones on this stretch as part of a beautification drive.\"The concerned officials, however, maintain that the plants are still on either side of the extended road and denied that a large number of them were uprooted.K Prasad, deputy zonal manager, Cyberabad zone, APIIC said, \"We had expanded the road but made sure that none of the plants were uprooted. Even though new trees have been added as part of beautification, the old plants still remain on the corners of the road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896669", "title": "Cops hunt for gang behind \u2018Olympics lottery\u2019 messages", "text": "NEW DELHI: The London Olympics are history, but not for swindlers. Recently, Delhi Police tried to decoy one such gang that has been luring people with SMSs about multi-crore winnings in an Olympics lottery, however, the swindlers did not show up at the last minute.As investigation into the racket continues, police say many people have received SMSs about winning the \"Great Britain Lottery\" during London Olympics 2012. The messages usually read: \"You have won Olympics lottery worth 7.5 crore pounds\".Taking the initiative in the case, police tried to rig a trap, posing as a recipient of one of the messages. The cheats replied immediately, asking for processing fees of Rs 19,710 to be handed over to one of their representatives visiting India. A source said the swindlers are likely to be based in India, not UK.The police's own FIR states that the swindlers were 'phishing' for their targets' account information. Personal details of the recipient were required to be sent to the email ID olympic 2012.uk@hotmail.com. Senior officers discussed the case and decided to lay a trap . Police sent an email to the ID given in the SMS, informing that they had received the message about winning the lottery.\"The mail was sent in the name of one of our officers, without giving his designation,\" said a source. The cheats replied immediately, raising hopes of netting at least one member of the gang.In their reply, the crooks said the prize money had been deposited in a designated bank and to claim it a form would need to be filled and mailed to the Charity Bank PLC London, for verification.\"Delivery can commence only when you pay India CCC (courier clearance charge) of Rs 19,710, which is only payable in cash...a diplomatic courier agent will collect the same at IGI airport ,\" their mail said.Delhi Police officers say this is the first time that the name of London Olympics is being used in a fraud in India. They hope to arrest the swindlers soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16897268", "title": "NSS activity details to go online", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnatak University, Dharwad, has planned to launch a website for NSS activities. Information about all NSS activities carried out by all colleges which fall under KUD's ambit will be uploaded on the website.The main purpose of launching the website is to keep a tab on colleges to monitor the way colleges are implementing NSS schemes and activities. There are around 270 degree colleges coming under the jurisdiction of the KUD in four districts- Dharwad, Gadag, Haveri and Karwar.NSS officers who have been appointed in each college to look after NSS activities submit the annual report of NSS activities in their respective colleges to the university. But, the university authority is said to have found some colleges not implementing details about the NSS schemes and not carrying out activities which have been prescribed by the varsity in its college prospectus every year.Of the 270 degree colleges, only 110 colleges were found to have NSS units in their colleges while rest of them did not have NSS units.According to sources from the university, it is mandatory for each college to earmark about 120 hours in a year for NSS activities. NSS volunteers under the guidance of NSS officer will hold health awareness camp, cleaning camp, and other awareness programmes in villages.Dhanwanth Hajawagol, NSS coordinator, KUD, said, \"It is increasingly becoming difficult for us to monitor the activities of all colleges and there is also a possibility that some colleges will give wrong reports to mislead the university on NSS activities. We will ask each college to upload all their NSS activities on the proposed website. With this, we can easily assess the performance of each college in NSS activities and we can also get a complete report of NSS activities carried out by each college,\" he added.H B Walikar, vice-chancellor, KUD, said that the process of designing the website is under progress and the website will be launched in the next few months. If it is launched, Karnataka University will be the first to take such a step to monitor NSS activities, he added.This move will not only help to track the NSS activities in all colleges, but also motivate many students to join NSS for social work and uplift of villages, he said.Students who get NSS certificate of two years can get PG seats in NSS quota. With the NSS certificate students can take part at state and national-level NSS camps", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16899900", "title": "Congress will not use evidence of corruption against kin of Vajpayee &amp; Advani: Digvijaya", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has suggested that there was evidence against the kin of former Prime Minster Atal Behari Vajpayee and L K Advani on alleged corruption and wrong-doing but Congress will never use that to embarrass them.Singh also rejected as \"hollow\" and \"media hype\" the allegations of \"nexus\" among Sonia Gandhi's son-law Robert Vadra, DLF and Congress government in Haryana to give Vadra undue benefits in land dealings. Defending Gandhi, the Congress leader said that she was not Vadra's \"Chartered Accountant\" to question his rising assets.\"Not only me. There were lot of things, which came out during the NDA regime. But did Congress party ever use that. We will never use this... if I say, I do not have it (evidence against kin of Advani and Vajpayee), then it is not correct,\" Singh said replying to a volley of questions by Karan Thapar in Devil's Advocate programme on CNN-IBN.He was asked about his statement that he had evidence against kin of Vajpayee and Advani.Replying to questions, Singh also said that the evidence, which he has, \"could\" lead to allegations of corruption and wrong-doing against them and will be embarrassing for the leaders.The AICC general secretary, was quick to add \"politicians are also human beings. We are not gods...We can't keep a track or check on the innumerable relations, we have\".\"Why should I be a complainant,\" Singh shot back arguing that there is Parliament and a number of authorities to look into these matters, when asked why was he not disclosing the evidence he has against kin of Vajpayee and Advani.Dismissing allegations against Vadra, Singh said that there is no illegality in speedy clearance in mutation of land or change of land use permission, which are said to have happened in DLF-Vadra land deals.\"Sonia Gandhi is not the chartered accountant of Robert Vadra,\" he said, wondering whether \"mothers-in-law also do the accounting for sons-in- law,\" when asked whether Congress president was aware of the rise in fortune of Vadra and whether she ever questioned it.It is now being questioned that why the files moved so fast in the case of Vadra's land dealings, Singh said, adding that speed is not impropriety and should instead be rewarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896566", "title": "Hiring grounds, community centres to get costlier", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is all set to hike the rentals for hiring grounds and community centres located in the estate office (II) region.The sectors where the new rentals will be effective are Sectors 27 to 34 and Sectors 47 and 51. For the open spaces in HUDA sectors residents will now pay charges of Rs 15,000 for a day. At present, HUDA charges Rs 5,000 and now it will increase it threefold.In addition to this, the service tax component for the community centres in HUDA sectors has been increased from Rs 7,900 to Rs 10,000 and the security and cleaning charges has been increased to Rs 1,000. HUDA has also raised the booking fee of other popular places like Tau Devilal stadium and Leisure Valley ground for bookings from Rs 10,000 to Rs 40,000.Similarly, the booking amount for an open air auditorium has been increased from Rs 10,000 to Rs 25,000. The new rentals will be effective with immediate effect. The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, said, \"The rental hike is normal and it will soon be applicable in other sectors falling in estate office (I) of Gurgaon also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897881", "title": "The tenth women\u2019s cancer initiative", "text": "There is an increasing trend to be more patient-centric in the treatment being offered to women with breast cancer. Body image is an important component of a woman's self-esteem and confidence. Complete breast removal (mastectomy) used to be the standard surgery in the past. This has, thankfully, changed in the last 10 years. Although variable, many specialised Indian centres are offering breast conserving surgery to nearly three quarters of women with early breast cancer. Even women with larger tumors are able to save their breasts in one-third of cases. The remaining women who have to undergo mastectomy also have newer options which are currently being offered only in select centers. Tata Memorial Hospital has endeavoured to offer many such techniques to its patients including free tissue transfer from other parts of the body such as the abdomen wall, thigh, upper and mid-back , buttocks, to reconstruct the breast.This October, tenth year in succession , Tata Memorial Hospital has organised its Annual Breast Cancer Conference. The pre-conference workshop is dedicated to the theme of Reconstructive and Oncoplastic breast surgery. The aim is to disseminate knowledge and skills in restoring and maintaining cosmesis in these women. International experts from UK and USA along with a team of experts from the Tata Memorial Hospital and other leading Indian surgeons will perform live surgeries to demonstrate how best the breast can be remodeled after removing the cancerous region. The main Conference will discuss other modalities of local control of breast cancer including radiation therapy, which is an integral component of conserving the breast. A detailed discussion on maximizing the benefits and minimizing the side effects of all local treatments will take place in the meeting.The Homi Bhabha Block of Tata Memorial Hospital will be `lit pink' on the landmark occasion of the 10th successful year of Women's Cancer Initiative and its Conference. It is hoped that many more women will be able to live happier and healthier lives due to these efforts.Dr Vani Parmar, Professor of Surgical Oncology.Dr Bhawna Sirohi onsultant Medical Oncologist, Tata Memorial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896975", "title": "Caught on wrong foot, chikan shop owner returns excess amount", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tourists from Kerala and Karnataka were over-billed while purchasing chikan goods at a prominent chikan shop at Cantt Road on Saturday. Usman and Rajesh K bought sarees, suit pieces and other chikan material worth Rs 20,000 while they were on a day-long visit to the city.The unethical business practice was revealed when the manager of the shop refunded half of the amount to the duo by late evening after police intervened. The duo were escorting the sports teams of their schools, which had come to Uttar Pradesh to participate in the national sports meet organised by Kendriya Vidyalaya's Lucknow Region. The duo had arrived in the city in the morning from Rae Bareli.VP Singh, in-charge Kaiserbagh police station, told TOI that rarely such matters are reported to police, as tourists visit the city for short duration and avoid getting into legal hassles. He added, \"We cannot charge anybody, as such cases do not fall under our jurisdiction. Nonetheless, if possible we try to help the complainants as the image of the city gets tarnished otherwise.\"The sequence of event started when the duo arrived in Lucknow to taste the local delicacies and buy chikan clothes for their family members. Usman works as sports instructor at Hebbal branch of Kendriya Vidyalaya in Bengaluru and Rajesh works as a teacher at Kannur branch of Kendriya Vidyalaya in Kerala.The duo just to ensure that they were not cheated cross checked the price of similar material from chikan shops in the same area. \"We were astonished to know that we were asked to pay double the actual price. The rickshaw driver instead of apologising and accepting his mistake, kept reassuring us that we got a heavy discount,\" said Rajesh.The manager of the shop which allegedly duped the visitors said, \"We do not overcharge any customer irrespective of their native places.\" However, he had no answer when prodded why half the amount was refunded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16897067", "title": "Kerala Government Contractors Association seeks action against erring contractors", "text": "KANNUR: The Kerala Government Contractors Association (KGCA) has said that corrupt PWD contractors, especially those who do shoddy road repair works, should be prosecuted and action should be taken against those engineers who help them.\"Though the material cost has gone up considerably over the last few years, there are people who quote a tender amount which is almost 25% lesser than the previous year's amount. This means they are doing substandard work with the silent approval of some engineers. This has seriously affected the quality of our roads,\" said state president of the association Varghese Kannampally at a press conference here.\"The government has already started taking steps to withdraw the responsibility of preparing the design and budget of the PWD works from the engineers, which should be seen as a move to privatize the department in an effort to help the monopolies,\" said the national committee member of Builders' Association of India C H Aboobacker Haji.\"Instead of giving the works to consultancies, the government should take steps to enhance the skill of engineers in the department and start taking consultancy works as well,\" he added.KGCA would observe quality maintenance year from November 1. MLA P B Abdul Razak will inaugurate the programme in Kasaragod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16898409", "title": "Himachal elections: Spouses chip in for candidates in poll arena", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Spouses of candidates in fray for assembly elections have joined their husbands on the poll pitch, exhorting voters to support \"their leader\".\"Who can know the household problems better than us. Ultimately, it is the women, who are kingmakers. We have started this campaign as we know that we can help our beloved in all circumstances,\" said Sharmila Parmar, wife of the Vipin Parmar, sitting MLA from Sulah. \"There is little time for the MLA to cover the entire 129 polling booths in the constituency,\" she added.Wives of prominent politicians of the region can be seen with groups of fellow women leaders in small unions, projecting the paradigm of women leadership, their power and awareness in this hill state.In Kangra district, there are about 15 constituencies and each constituency has about more than 50 villages, housing 80,000 to 1,00,000 voters each, covering which is an uphill task for a woman otherwise. But these wives are moving from one side of the hills to the other to approach each ward and house in the constituencies of their hubbies and hold meetings in verandas asking for votes to their husbands.\"We are the kingmakers. The saying 'behind every successful man, there is a woman' belongs to us. We are happy to work for our hubbies. It is the female who knows the real effect of government policies which affects the pockets of every man,\" said Bindu, wife of Parveen Sharma, sitting MLA from Palampur.Asked about their USP, they said they are highlighting the household issues in a bid to fetch votes. Interacting with females is doubly beneficial as woman is the mind-maker in homes, she said.\"Women can talk more easily and comfortably with other women. Women are now educated and are more helpful for their husbands and kin, as reading the minds of women voters is a tough task for husbands. We are also asking women to ensure their participation in polling, which is absolutely necessary\" said Beena Butail, wife of former minister Brij Bihari Lal Butail, from Palampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896714", "title": "Kingfisher employees in city anxious about future", "text": "PUNE: Employees of Kingfisher Airlines in Pune have their fingers crossed as the director general of civil aviation (DGCA) on Saturday suspended the debt-ridden company's scheduled operator permit till further orders.Suspension of flying licence implies an immediate halt to all bookings on the entire Kingfisher network as well as through travel agents.A Kingfisher official in Pune told TOI: \"Our office is open and we are reporting to our duties as usual. Our counters too are open, but we are not accepting any booking ever since the company declared a partial closure on October 1.\" The airline, which has 15 employees stationed in the city, has suspended all its flight operations from Pune since October 1.\"We are hoping that something positive comes out of the meeting between our management and representatives of the striking employees next week,\" the airline official said.On Friday, Kingfisher had issued a press release stating that it has extended the partial lockout till October 23. \"We had a positive meeting with employee representatives on October 17 and are hopeful of reaching common ground when we meet again next week,\" the release stated.\"Currently, we anticipate resuming operations on November 6, subject to our resumption plan being reviewed and approved by the DGCA,\" the release added. However, aviation regulator DGCA's decision to suspend the airline's flying license has put a big question mark over early resumption.The action came after the airline failed to come up with a viable plan for its financial and operational revival and resolve the impasse with its employees over payment of salaries.Till a couple of months back, Kingfisher ranked among the airlines with most number of flights operating from Pune. However, the number of flights gradually reduced from eight in August to four in September, mainly on the Delhi, Bangalore and Goa routes.Prior to suspension of flight operations from the city, Kingfisher was operating two flights to Delhi and one each to Bangalore and Goa, the airline official said.An official from the Airports Authority of India (AAI), Pune, which manages the civil flight operations, said, \"Kingfisher has stopped operating its flights for some time now. We haven't received any further initimation on resumption of the airline's operation so far. Most of the action is happening at the DGCA level in Delhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896712", "title": "New rickshaw a blessing for pullers", "text": "NEW DELHI: This winter, Delhi's rickshaw pullers can look forward to spending chilly nights on comfortable beds \u2014 on wheels. The Delhi government's mother NGO for the homeless, St Stephen's Hospital, is all set to roll out convertible rickshaws with passenger seats that double up as beds, mosquito nets, fans and several other features. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit will launch the new model on October 23.The convertible rickshaws aim to benefit all those who can be seen uncomfortably curled up in their vehicles at night irrespective of the weather conditions. There are around three lakh rickshaw pullers in Delhi. The makeshift beds will provide the much-needed rest to all those who sleep on the seats fearing their vehicles may be stolen, says Smriti Vaid of St Stephen's Hospital. Developed by the MNGO and the physics department of St Stephen's College, the rickshaw's final design has been devised by Deshardt Solutions. The project is being financially aided by an organization called Mi-India.Two convertible rickshaws have been built as part of the pilot project. These will be handed out to two homeless rickshaw pullers whose response will be sought before other rickshaws hit the streets. The convertible rickshaw will cost about Rs 16,000, almost twice the price of an ordinary rickshaw. \"The government plans to tie-up with banks to enable rickshaw pullers interested in buying the new model to take loans on monthly installments. NGOs working with the homeless will also be roped in to help those keen on buying these rickshaws,\" said Dr Amod Kumar of St. Stephen's Hospital. Beneficiaries may also get health insurance benefits.The model has been developed keeping in mind the health problems the drivers face as crouching on the seat for a long period can lead to spine problems. The convertible rickshaw, which features a wide footrest, appears to be more spacious even for passengers. The backrest of the passenger seat can be converted into a bed that rests on the driver's seat. The mosquito net can be pulled out from one side of the sun shade. A small fan and a reading light have been fixed on the inner side of the shade. A 30-watt solar panel has been installed on top to charge the units. It also has charging points for mobile phones and USB devices.The rickshaw comes with a boot fixed under the passenger seat, a magazine stand and a pouch to hold a water bottle. There's an FM radio set-up too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897892", "title": "State govt committed to abide by law: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: in his letter, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh has said the state government is committed to abide by the law. Chouhan enclosed a CD of unedited recording of the Ratlam incident along with his letter urging Ramesh to reach an unbiased decision.In the letter, the chief minister expressed regret over the haste and one-sided decision on the premise that \"this is not only violation of guidelines of Union ministry of rural development but also pertains to the violation of privileges so far as Members of Parliament are concerned.\"Chouhan referred to the CD enclosed with the letter contain unedited recording of the incident and asked the Union minister to decide for himself as to how such a conduct can be shielded by any privileges. He pointed out the need to issue guidelines against such an indecent conduct. Referring to mention of expenditure of thousands of crores in the letter of Ramesh, he questioned whether the duty of monitoring of the expenditure can be performed by use of such remarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16900750", "title": "Winston Churchill's Land Rover sells for 129,000 pounds", "text": "LONDON: A Land Rover built for former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill on his 80th birthday has sold for a whopping 129,000 pounds at an auction in UK.The vehicle, which had been modified to enable him to be chauffeur-driven around his Chartwell estate in Kent, was expected to fetch up to 60,000 pounds at an auction in Cambridgeshire, the BBC News reported.The Land Rover sold for 129,000 pounds - more than twice its estimate.It was sold with the original logbook registering it to Churchill to a bidder who wished to remain anonymous.The previous owner had kept it in a shed in Kent since 1977.The 1954 Series 1 Land Rover was registered as UKE 80 in the name of the \"Rt Hon Sir Winston Spencer Churchill KG. OM. CH. MP. Chartwell, Westerham, Kent\".It was especially modified for him with an extra-wide passenger seat and heated footwell.Cheffins auctioneers said the vehicle, which had 20,812 km on the clock, was the most expensive item in its auction of more than 2,000 vintage vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "16897207", "title": "Gulbarga train was burned to kill lovers: Railway police", "text": "GULBARGA: The Gulbarga train fire which claimed two lives on October 16 has turned murky, with the investigating railway police finding that the dead couple had their hands and feet tied.It now appears that the fire which gutted two bogies of the Falaknuma passenger train and injured six others, might not have been an accident or an act of vandalism, but a deliberate hate crime targeted at the young couple in love.Couple's hands and feet were tiedA witness to the events in the stationary train, Naseema, 40, told police that four persons barged into the bogie, closed the window shutters and poured kerosene before setting the bogie on fire. \"The girl's body was found with her hands and legs tied with her dupatta (veil) and the boy's body was found in a position as if his hands and legs were tied with a rope. Before fleeing, the four miscreants cried \"Chal be chal, kaam ho gaya!\" indicating that the foursome had a hand in setting alight the boy and girl,\" said a senior police officer. The police, however, are awaiting their postmortem reports before declaring it a hate crime.Police confirmed that the two burnt bodies were of Varsha, 18, a PU student at the Government Women's College in the city, and of Sharanappa, 28, a goods auto driver. His auto was lying unattended at the railway station parking lot for 48 hours after the incident.Varsha's father Shankarappa said he was aware that the duo used to frequent the train, which stops at Gulbarga station between 12.30pm and 4pm, before its onward journey to Sholapur. Varsha had fallen in love with Sharanappa and it was their routine for the past one year to sit in the near-empty bogie of the train every day.When TOI spoke to Shankarappa, a Class IV employee at Yadgir zilla panchayat, he said he had filed a missing person complaint about his daughter at the women's police station in the city. He had later identified his daughter's body by the remnants of her burnt clothes, and some pieces stuck on the bogie walls. He also identified her tiffin box and ornaments (earrings and a ring) she was wearing. The body was cremated after postmortem.A shocked Shankarappa said he has no idea who would commit such a heinous act. Sharanappa was their neighbour at Tarfail for the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896394", "title": "Ripon Buildings to remain signature white", "text": "CHENNAI: The renovation of Ripon Buildings will be completed by the end of April when the heritage structure will be seen in its traditional pure white, Chennai corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan has said.The historic building, next to the brick-red Victoria Public Hall and Chennai Central Station, has been drawing curious stares from passersby on EVR Periyar Salai because the exterior of the western wing is an off-white colour. Officials immediately sought to reassure people that this was just a primary coat. \"This is the colour of the limestone mixture, mixed with ground gall nut and jaggery. It will be painted pure white,\" said the commissioner.Work on the western wing, which began in end-2009, is expected to be completed in two weeks. The rooms of the mayor and deputy mayor were completed four months ago, allowing workers to start on the Eastern wing on the second floor. The offices of the commissioner and the three deputy commissioners, now on the first floor, are likely to shift to the western wing in 2-3 weeks. \"We have finished 50% of the work on two of the floors,\" said Karthikeyan.Plastering and grouting of the exterior are likely to be halted during the rains but workers will have a chance to focus on the interior, said an official. \"Lime plastering may dissolve if exposed to water before it sets, but we can work on the ornamentation and wiring of the inner walls,\" said an official.External refurbishing of four large offices in the western wing, likely to be occupied by the commissioners, is complete, say officials. \"We have shuttered and repainted the walls, floors and doors were completely replaced with fresh wood and polished. Each room has four light fittings that will each have three CFL bulbs. AC vents too have been fitted,\" said a worker.The commissioner has insisted the external wiring structure remain same to retain the heritage look. \"The electric wiring will be replaced but not changed,\" he said. To improve the water connections, all toilets on the second floor have been demolished, he added.The two circular stairways and short wooden passageway in a corner of the western wing, an evidence of the Indo-Sarcenic architecture, will be replaced, said a worker. \"On the first floor the wood structures will be replaced. The design will remain the same,\" said a construction supervisor.The 7.7 crore renovation of the 98-year-old building, sanctioned under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, faced a number of delays. Strengthening limestone walls by plastering and shuttering was one cause, say officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896793", "title": "Fire in central Delhi, none hurt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor fire broke out in Lok Nayak Bhawan near Khan Market on Saturday.No one was hurt, said police. \"We received a call at around 3.10pm and six fire tenders were rushed to the spot. It was a minor fire in a storeroom on the eighth floor and was doused within 20 minutes,\" said a senior fire official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897975", "title": "Acting VC locked for two hours", "text": "INDORE: Irked by the delay in announcement of fresh results of Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) first prof, students locked the acting vice chancellor of DAVV Dr Ganesh Kawadia at the university teaching department (UTD) campus of the varsity for nearly two hours on Saturday. Five days back, complaining of poor marking, students of three different private colleges had alleged that the college had deliberately failed candidates with two to four marks.Accepting the complaints of students, vice-chancellor ordered a probe by a joint committee to review copies and marks allotted against the answers written and declare the results but to no avail. Saturday being the holiday, students went berserk.Students also presented a memorandum to the statue of Devi Ahilya Bai at varsity campus seeking wisdom for varsity authorities. Later, a group of students tried talking to acting vice chancellor Dr Kawadia to sort out the problem. When nothing worked out, agitated students locked him inside department of economics for two hours. They released him after he promised to declare results by October 30.\"If varsity does not review the results by the scheduled date, we will lock the entire varsity and its teaching department,\" said Nimesh Pathak, an activist fighting for the cause of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16897011", "title": "2 accused surrender in Dubai sex racket case", "text": "KOCHI: Two of the main accused in the Dubai sex racket case surrendered to the police on Saturday. The Crime Branch, which is probing the case, had recently mounted pressure on those on the run by seeking the help of the Interpol.Those who surrendered to the police are Sethulal Aravindakshan and Shaji Ramakrishnan, both of Kodungallur.The two, believed to be the main links of the racket in the Gulf region, contacted the police through their advocate and gave themselves up at the office of Crime Branch DySP P M Varghese by 6 pm, police said.The activities of the racket came to light when a girl, hailing from Kazhakoottam in Thiruvananthapuram, escaped from Dubai and reached her house. Police said the racket lured girls belonging to poor families by promising jobs abroad as housemaids and sales girls. The girls were taken to a prostitution centre in Ajman, UAE, with the help of local Arabs once they reached Muscat. They were smuggled into the UAE by tucking them away in the boot of cars driven by Arabs, police said.Lissy Sojan, a Malayali, is the first accused in the case. The Crime Branch had earlier arrested one Shantha from Punalur on charges of facilitating and procuring fake passports for girls who are lured into the racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16900254", "title": "Khurshid puts off Haj pilgrimage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law minister Salman Khurshid , who is embroiled in a controversy over allegations of misappropriation of funds by his trust, has put off his Haj pilgrimage, according to sources close to him.His decision to put off the week-long visit for Haj also comes amid speculation of an impending reshuffle in the Union Cabinet.Khurshid was to leave to for Haj on Sunday and was to return at the end of the next week.He has been under attack from Arvind Kejriwal following a TV sting which alleged that the Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust run by the minister and his wife had misappropriated funds meant for providing equipment to the disabled.Khurshid had refuted the allegations even as the Uttar Pradesh government is probing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897926", "title": "A woman\u2019s mantrato reduce breast cancer risk", "text": "Avoid, prevent and reverse obesity. Do regular physical exercise - at least 4-5 times a week lasting for at least 30 minutes . Not a `stroll in the park' but reasonably strenuous. Eat healthy - avoid high-fat high calorie processed foods. Eat plenty of fruits, greens and salads. Avoid alcohol and tobacco. Breastfeed your children for at least one year. Have one or two children, preferably before the age of 30 years. Don't ignore lumps. Be aware of the possibility of breast cancer. Be aware of your breast - learn to regularly and systematically self-examine your breasts from a young age.Have yourself screened for breast cancer once every two years if you are over the age of 50 years. Clinical breast examination by a trained health worker or doctor is as effective as a mammogram. There is no proof that mammogram screening is useful in younger healthy women below the age of 50 years. If many members of your close family have been diagnosed to have breast and/or ovarian cancers, seek expert genetic counseling to reduce your risk. Don't panic if you have been diagnosed to have breast cancer. It is curable in the overwhelming majority of women especially in early stages.(Inputs by Dr Sudeep Gupta, Professor of Medical Oncology, Tata Memorial Centre)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16900412", "title": "Tribals launch campaign against liquor in Maoist hotbed of Bastar", "text": "RAIPUR: The Maoist hotbed of Sukma in Bastar region of Chattisgarh is now witnessing an intense campaign with a prominent tribal community itself taking up the cudgels to fight social evil of alcoholism , imposing a ban on brewing and consuming liquor in the area.The anti-liquor campaign which began from village Kerlapal at the behest of a group of Bastar's famous Bison-Horn or Dandami Maria tribes, is spreading fast in Sukma, a district that came into national focus following abduction of district collector Alex Paul Menon by the Maoists in April this year.Though 'adivasis' brewed their own liquor as a part of a social and religious tradition by following an elaborate cultural ritual to drinking, Dandami Maria, also known as Koya tribes, has constituted a 'Matwar union,' a body to wage a battle against alcoholism. These Koya tribals belong to the same community whose members had joined the security forces and were known as \"Koya commandos\", who became part of the state's anti-Naxalite campaign.The first meeting of anti-liquor campaign group was held on August 18 when about 20 tribals took pledge not to consume alcohol and to launch a campaign to promote an alcohol free tribal society.Stepping up its campaign, the 'Matwar,' which in local Gondi dialect means drinker's union, has announced to impose a fine of Rs 1,000 on anyone found drunk or drinking and also on persons who brew liquor at home and sells it. After the announcement, the 'Matwar' has relaxed the ban for a fortnight to ensure that the local brewers did not suffer losses by destroying the existing stock.Now they have asked the people to stop the practice of selling liquor in haat bazaars (local weekly markets) and they are also impressing upon the villagers to quit drinking.\"The movement has already evoked a positive response in over a dozen weekly markets, including of Keralapal, Badesatti, Gadiras, Korra, Sukma, Sona Kukanar and Budadi. We plan to take the campaign to other blocks to strictly enforce the ban,\" says Praveen Sodi, a representative of the Koya community, which is spearheading the campaign.\"All the members of the union are contributing Rs 50 per month as membership fees which is being spent on the campaign for creating awareness among the masses about the ill-effects of alcoholism. Women folk in the tribal area are happy over the development and are also extending overwhelming support,\" he said adding that they intend to take the campaign to all the villages in Sukma district.\"It's certainly a positive development. From administration's part, we can extend all necessary cooperation, within the limits of existing rules\", said district collector P Dayanand.More than the a year ago, the civil administration had tried to kick up a campaign against liquor consumption but it faced resistance from the locals and even few political parties, who argued that it was part of tribal culture and tradition. Even the Maoists, active in the region, had made futile attempts in the past to motivate the people not to serve or drink liquor on festivals and other occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900688", "title": "The family that eats together\u2026", "text": "...stays together, says a new book. Shikha Shah finds out how the fast-vanishing custom of sharing a meal goes a long way in strengthening a family's bond .What is the last engaging conversation you had at the dinner table? Start thinking, and if it takes you more than 30 seconds to answer, let us do it for you. Dinner and conversations don't go together anymore. You are tired at the end of the day, trying to gulp down what is on the table so that you can hit the pillow as soon as possible. Your mind is already on the next day's chores and work deadlines.Love, laughter and leftovers...With our ever-escalating pressures at work and home, finding enough time to sit at the dinner table to share a meal and talk to each other has become an \"endangered ritual\", says documentary film producer (Oscar-winning An Inconvenient Truth) and author Laurie David in her recent book The Family Dinner: Great Ways to Connect with Your Kids, One Meal at a Time. Ruing its demise, the author explains why she felt the need to write a book about it. \"So much happens at the table that we aren't even aware of consciously. It's the dinner table where we learn our parents' values, where we practise how to listen to others, what portions to take, how to take turns, etc. It is also the place where we learn about our family history, about our grandparents for example, that may be told to us through stories and anecdotes from their lives.\"We often find ourselves sharing stories about our family and food or saying \"No one cooks pasta as well as my mom\" or \"dal made by my grandmom is unbeatable\". This is because the taste of food and the love that one feels while sharing a meal during childhood stays with them for a long time.But that was then, when life was simple. Today, with the invasion of technology in our lives like the TV, internet and cell phones, the dinner table has almost become a defunct piece of furniture.No shop talk!However, there are a few like businessman Mannoj Mehrra, who feels it is important to sit together for dinner to preserve the sanctity of a marriage and the family. \"Since we are busy with our family business, there's hardly any time we spend together throughout the day. The morning is a rush , afternoons and evenings we are all busy with our own professional lives. We have to make sure we bond over dinner, and our family rule is never to discuss work at the dinner table,\" says Mehrra.Says Shekhar Verma, a businessman, \"I remember enjoying my meals with my family as a kid. But as a teenager, in the usual rebellious phase, I would go out and have pizzas, kebabs with friends and avoid what I then called 'boring ghar ka khana'. And now (in mid-30s), I crave for the same home-cooked food and the cozy comfort of a family meal that I used to enjoy.\"The dining table is a consistent place where parents and kids have access to each other. \"Frequent family dinners give both parents and kids a chance to be engaged in each other's lives,\" says psychiatrist Dr Anjali Chhabria. \"Sharing family meals teaches kids basic table etiquette and culture of the land. It civilises them from an early age.\"Like food is sustenance for our bodies, mealtimes are sustenance for our family. \"Family dinner should be about quality time spent together with no TV blaring, no BlackBerrys to check. Everyone should be present physically and mentally,\" says sociologist Nandini Sardesai.The rules of the dining table are actually quite simple \u2014 everyone comes to the table at the same time; there's no interruption by the cell phone, TV or other electronic device; everyone eats what's served; everyone helps with cleaning after dinner; no one leaves until after dessert.Not just a piece of furniture Interior designer Arfin Zukof, who has been designing custom-made dining tables for Indian families for a few years, says, \"Earlier, as a part of tradition, the head of the family would sit at one of the narrow ends of the table. But these days, the trend is bending more towards eating in individual rooms. It's a routine that should be highly discouraged.\"He is one among many interior designers trying to bring back the good old culture of dining together, by placing a lot of emphasis on the design aspect of the table. \"I emphasise on comfort, and stay away from formal designs while making chairs or the table. I have even made benches, instead of chairs for a few families, so that people can squeeze in, sit nearer to each other and enjoy their meals. The dinner table is never just a piece of furniture,\" signs off Zukof.shikha.shah@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896617", "title": "1965: A love and war story which overcame handicaps", "text": "CHENNAI: On a pleasant Saturday morning, Kamalam (70) held what remains of her husband K E Sherif's hand to guide him around the Officers Training Academy in Chennai. The couple joked and smiled, not showing a trace of the devastation the India-Pakistan war has had on their lives since 1965.Sherif, then a 28-year-old jawan in love with Kamalam, lost both his arms below the elbow and both his eyes in a landmine blast while his battalion was crawling towards enemy posts near Sialkot. Incapacitated, Sherif decided not to marry, but Kamalam insisted that she would have a life only with him. On Saturday, Sherif, a father of three, was among the Army veterans brought together by the War Wounded Foundation in the city on Saturday.\"His was a miraculous escape, and I was fortunate to get him back alive,\" said Kamalam, \"We were in love for two years. And then the war happened. Every one was against our marriage since I was a Hindu Malayalee girl and he a Tamil Muslim. But I would not leave his bedside as he was undergoing treatment.\" The two first met when Sherif, a friend of Kamalam's soldier brother, visited their house in Bangalore.Despite Sherif's injury Kamalam insisted that they tie the knotSoon after the couple first met at the house of Kamalam's brother in Bangalore their romance bloomed. But, Sherif was called to the battlefield not too long after this. Though the 1965 war did not resolve the Kashmir conflict, Sherif proudly recalled his sacrifice for the country and appealed to the youth to join the Army.He recalled that October night that plunged him into eternal darkness. \"It was October 19. Six of us were crawling towards an enemy target in Sialkot, about 25km from Labore. Around 9pm, an air strike triggered a series of land mines near us. We were all believed to be dead. But all of us escaped, only I was severely injured,\" said Sherif, who lives in Coimbatore.He was shifted to an army hospital in Jammu where doctors removed the mutilated parts of his forearms to save the rest of his body. Nothing could be done to save his eyes. As he underwent multiple surgeries for a year, Sherif knew life would never be the same again. He told Kamalam that their marriage was now not possible, but she would have none of it. Coming to know that Sherif was% recuperating in Coimbatore, she went there and convinced him to get married. They tied the knot in 1967.Their 38-year-old son works for a soldiers' welfare board in Salem, while their two daughters are homemakers. The War Wounded Foundation brought together several such living martyrs of Independent India.Colonel (retd) T N Raman, convenor of the Tamil Nadu chapter of Indian Ex-Servicemen Movement said soldiers from all major combats including the Indo-Pakistan war of 1947, 1965 and the Indo-China war of 1962 gathered for the collective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16897902", "title": "Brand IPL is here to stay, says Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the myriad controversies surrounding the Indian Premier League, with the latest being the termination of Deccan Chargers' franchise, Shah Rukh Khan is optimistic that the events will have no negative impact on brand IPL.\"When you create a brand like this (IPL) where high-level cricket is being played, you got to have strict rules... Some of the things that have happened with Deccan Chargers are unfortunate and more so because it was because of their other businesses and not cricket. I will miss Ram, Gayatri and her mom who are huge cricket fans,\" Khan told TOI.For all franchises in the IPL, the stakes are high as the tournament is the highest-paying domestic T20 event in the world. Could the wobbling economy and the growing skepticism on the back of such controversies leave the sponsors jittery? The Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) co-owner refuted, saying: \"I don't think it will affect the brand. Every year there are media speculations about sponsor issues and falling TRPs, but all teams will have logos and we'll get the money and people will come to watch IPL.\"\"This has been talked about from the second year that it's (IPL) going to die like my stardom. But it goes on and will go on. IPL is an exclusive club in a country of one billion people with just 8 to 10 members. Cricket is the most watched game and gets the maximum eyeballs,\" he added.Shah Rukh also denied buying stakes in any other team. \"I don't have any other sports team. People come and meet and we discuss to see how sports can be promoted vis-a-vis me. All I own is KKR, that's it,\" he said.Listen Shah Rukh Khan's superhit songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16896265", "title": "After 5 years without teacher, students stall gram sabha", "text": "SAMBALPUR: After thousands of demonstrations, state administration on Friday finally took notice of the plight of students of ME School in Lulang village.About 160 students, from classes VIII, IX and X, of the government-aided school in Deogarh district stalled gram sabha proceedings on Thursday after they spent five years in school without a teacher. No official was allowed to attend the panchayat budget meeting.The collector promised to take necessary action. \"I have taken the matter seriously and discussed it with villagers and assured them to take all possible measures to address the problems. I have also discussed the matter with the district education officer today (on Friday). I am hoping that the problems will be solved after puja vacation,\" Collector (Deogarh) Julies Lakra said on Friday.The problem started in 2006 when the school in Lulang, predominantly a tribal village, was upgraded to a high school. In 2008, classes IX and X were introduced. However, the government did not recruit enough teachers for the higher classes. The existing faculty members had to take extra classes.\"However, it was not possible to take classes like this round the year. As a result, studies took a backseat,\" said sarpanch Santosh Kumar Roul.Repeated demonstrations by students - the latest was in August this year when they blocked NH200 - yielded no result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895675", "title": "Couple leaves bag with Rs 1.7L on train, gets it back", "text": "MUMBAI: A Railway Protection Force (RPF) team returned a bag containing Rs 1.67 lakh in cash, cheques of up to Rs 2 lakh, ATM cards and several vital documents to a couple from Nagpur who had left it aboard a local train.Avinash Meshram and his wife Asha, both nutritional consultants from Nagpur, had come to Mumbai to attend an event. They had brought along the cash to purchase products on behalf of their diabetic patients. \"The couple had come to Mumbai on Duronto Express. They then took a local train to Bandra from CST around 10am on Saturday. As the train was overcrowded, the two decided to keep their bag on the overhead luggage rack. In their hurry to get off, the Meshrams forgot to pick up the bag. By the time they realized their mistake, the train had left,\" said an RPF officer.The couple then approached the Bandra RPF outpost. While the RPF personnel began their search, the worried couple refused to sit tight. They went to CST and searched compartments of locals on the way. But they couldn't find their bag and returned to Bandra station. Three hours later, the RPF informed them that a bag had been found at CST. After cross-checking the bag's contents with the couple, the RPF conducted a panchnama and handed over the bag to them at CST.\"The couple was in tears as the money in the bag belonged to their patients who had been relying on them to purchase nutritional products. They thanked our staffers, RP Darade and Manoj Kakad, who had helped trace the bag. The said they weren't as worried about the documents as they were about their patients' money,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896428", "title": "For a change, migrant workers travel in comfort", "text": "CHENNAI: Several migrant workers got to travel 'first class' on Saturday, in an unreserved special train from Chennai to Santragachi on the outskirts of Howrah.This is the first time such a train has been operated for migrant workers heading home for Dussera and Bakrid. Almost all of them travelled sitting comfortably in 10 brand new general coaches. \"Earlier, I used to stand wedged between seats or toilet doors all the way to my destination in a packed unreserved coach of Coromandel Express,\" said Farhad, who is returning home after completing his work in Kozhikode.More than 900 people travelled in the train that left Chennai Central at 11am.\"The idea came after we saw a huge crowd on a platform on Monday. The people, mainly migrant workers from West Bengal, said they could not board an overcrowded general compartment of Coromandel Express. So, we added two coaches to a Santragachi train which left at 11am the same day. We requested headquarters for permission to run this special train,\" said S Govindasamy, station manager, Chennai Central.The 10 coaches were ready to be dispatched to Eastern Railway after periodic overhaul. \"As per rule passengers should not be boarded into new coaches being delivered to a particular railway zone. But, we got special permission for this,\" he added.Several workers were taken by surprise. \"I came from Farook (near Kozhikode) and reached Chennai this morning in a crowded general compartment, hoping to board a train for home. I am happy I will now be travelling comfortably. There is lot of space to sit and walk about,\" said Farhad.All the workers were returning home because the farming season is round the corner. \"I am not sure whether I will come back. I will work on farms for a few months at home and then go to any state in search of work. If there is work here I will come,\" said Abdul of Kolkata.Most of the workers on the train are employed in parts of Kerala and Karnataka. \"We always travel in general compartments because sleeper tickets are not available even if we book three months in advance,\" Abdul added.There has been a surge in sale of unreserved tickets to Bahalpur, Guwahati, Gorakhpur and new Jalpaiguri. And majority of the passengers are migrant labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896945", "title": "Native Knight wins feature event of Pune Races", "text": "PUNE: As expected, Native Knight defied the heavy impost of 61 kg to score an impressive victory in the Suresh Mahindra Trophy, the feature event of Saturday's Pune Races.It was a slow race as Clarion Call tried to utilise the handicap advantage and took the lead from the start with Bling following him while jockey Dashrath Singh kept Native Knight last.Clarion Call was a spent force by the time the home stretch arrived and it was Bling who went in front. Soon, Dashrath alerted Native Knight for a final effort. The Narendra Lagad's ward flew past Bling for an easy victory.Results with Mumbai/Pune dividends1. Road Runner Plate-Div II (1400m): Prize Fighter 1, Blue Swallow 2, Zeki 3, Quando Quando 4. 1-1/4, shd, nk. T:1:28.90. Tote: Rs 26 for win; 10, 35, 13 for places; Shp: 157; Fc: 308; Q: 178; Tanala: 904 and 148.2. Jonty Rhodes Plate (1200m): Visionist 1, Rising Power 2, Salt 3, Emerald Valley 4. 1-3/4, 3-1/2, 2. T:1:10.62. Tote: Rs 25 for win; 11, 11 for places; Shp: 32; Fc: 33; Q: 18; Tanala: 49 and 27.3. K Raghunath Plate (1000m): Borderline 1, Good Looking 2, Daffodils 3, Helen 4. \u00bd, 1-1/4, 1-1/4. T:1:00.20. Tote: Rs 34 for win; 14, 11, 13 for places; Shp: 26; Fc: 62; Q: 44; Tanala: 133 and 45.4. Road Runner Plate-Div I (1400m): Wind Chime 1, Red Tabasco 2, Highway Express 3, Nigella 4. T:1:28.28. Tote: Rs 16 for win; 11, 19, 22 for places; Shp: 52; Fc: 52; Q: 36; Tanala: 285 and 195.5. Classic Rock Plate (2000m): Romantic Beauty 1, Fifth Gear 2, Tipping Point 3, Royal Fantasy 4. 5-3/4, 1, 1-1/2. T:2:09.65. Tote: Rs 36 for win; 17, 13, 19 for places; Shp: 39; Fc: 71; Q: 36; Tanala: 241 and 204.6. Portside Cafe Super Sprint (1200m): Grande Dame 1, Ice Empire 2, Burgundy Rose 3, Black Pearl 4. 2, \u00bd, 1-1/4. T:1:11.34. Tote: Rs 46 for win; 15, 16, 17 for places; Shp: 49; Fc: 509; Q: 271; Tanala: 729 and 323.7. Pune Racing Journalists Trophy (1600m): Persian 1, That's My Master 2, Rembrandt 3, Mable 4. \u00be, 2-1/4, 1. T:1:40.86. Tote: Rs 84 for win; 18, 20, 20 for places; Shp: 74; Fc: 716; Q: 150; Tanala: 1532 and 197.8. Self Styled Plate (1200m): Royalty 1, Purple Moon 2, Herzeliyah 3, Arabian Chief 4. Nk, shd, hd. T:1:12.64. Tote: Rs 66 for win; 21, 12, 25 for places; Shp: 31; Fc: 15276; Q: 55; Tanala: 778 and 484.9. Suresh Mahindra Trophy (3200m): Native Knight 1, Bling 2, Claion Call 3. \u00be, Dist. T :3:37.57. Tote: Rs 17 for win; Shp: 22; Fc: 22.1st Jackpot: 70% Rs 5337 (8) &amp; 30% 321 (57); 2nd Jackpot: 70% 27886 (5) &amp; 30% 2390 (25); Super Jackpot: 139265 c/f ; 1st Treble: 2778 (4); 2nd Treble: 3155 (6); 3rd Treble: 1308 (11).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16896800", "title": "Goan footballer Rakshak Naik killed in road accident", "text": "PANAJI: Goan football was left to mourn the death of Rakshak Naik and ponder over the hazards of footballers traveling long distances on bikes, everyday.Rakshak, who donned colours for Goa pro league side Margao Sports Club, collided with a truck at Quelossim on Saturday morning while he was returning home in Sangolda after training in Raia.The 28-year-old, a nippy-striker who played for teams like Sporting Clube, ONGC , Sesa Football Academy and Raia Sporting, was rushed to the Goa Medical College in Bambolim but breathed his last immediately.His teammate Stanley Coutinho, who was riding pillion, is reported to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16897012", "title": "Mulayam's confidant in race to become UP Electricity Regulatory Commission chief?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hectic lobbying began for the post of chairman UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) on Saturday, a day after Rajesh Awasthi stepped down from the post following Supreme Court's rejection of his Special Leave Petition (SLP) that sought a stay on a high court order quashing his appointment in January.Deviating from the established norm to get a technically qualified as the regulatory body's chief, the SP government this time may go for a bureaucrat. However, leading the race for the coveted post, sources say, is a retired IAS officer considered very close Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . The other name doing the round is that of a serving bureaucrat, due to retire next year.The retired babu, who has served on important posts like housing secretary during the previous SP regimes, is a kin of a high-profile minister. He retired in March this year and if he is appointed, he can have a four-year run as the UPERC chief which has a retirement age of 65.In fact, when the SP came to power on March 15, there were speculations that he might be appointed as the chief secretary and given extension to mentor the young chief minister during his first six months. But, as that didn't happen then, the SP government is likely to rewards this old 'loyal' hand.The serving bureaucrat in fray, a 1978 batch officer, has already served as the UPPCL chairman and knows the nitty-gritty of the commission. This is bound to come as a plus point for him. Moreover, as there has been speculation of late that the government wants to shift him from his present assignment, his appointment as the UPERC chief can't be ruled out. After being appointed as the UPERC chief a year before his retirement, this officer can continue to serve even after retirement to complete the five-year tenure.Sources said that the appointment of UPERC chairman will have to be done as soon as possible since the commission will be taking up proceedings for the new Annual Revenue Recovery (ARR) from November onwards for the new tariff structure to be decided by the new financial year. The UPERC chairman is appointed by a committee comprising UP chief secretary, chairman of central electricity authority (CEA) or the central electricity regulatory commission (CERC) and a retired high court judge.Interestingly, this is the first time that the names of bureaucrats have cropped up for the post, which otherwise, has been dominated by people from the technical background. In fact, the forum of regulators (comprising members from all electricity regulatory commissions in India), has been advocating for appointment of a person with techno-economic-commercial background as head of the commission, the highest decision-making body having a statuary standing, on the power sector in the state.Former UPERC chairman Rajesh Awasthi was a civil engineer, who once headed the construction division of National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ). He later moved to JP Power venture as its vice-president before being brought in by the erstwhile Mayawati government to UPERC as its chairman through a circulation. His appointment got mired in controversy after a UPPCL employee Nand Kumar Jaiswal filed a petition against Awasthi's challenging his appointment on the grounds that the Mayawati government interests involved JP Power venture of which Awasthi has been a vice-president.Before Awasthi, the commission was headed by Vijoy Kumar, who was also a technocrat. Kumar, an electrical engineer, was member secretary of central electricity authority (CEA), before he was appointed as UPERC chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "berhammpur", "code": "16896222", "title": "13 sentenced for K'mal riots, 14 acquitted", "text": "BERHAMMPUR: Two local courts in Phulabani in Kandhamal district sentenced 13 persons to six years' rigorous imprisonment and imposed a penalty of Rs 5,000 each after convicting them in a riot case of 2008 on Saturday, while 14 persons were acquitted in another case.The convicts were involved in the riots at Salaguda village under Gochhapada police station limits in the district on September 13, 2008. Fourteen persons were, however, acquitted in another riot case which took place at Gidapadara under Gochhapada police limit on September 30, 2008 after the death of Swami Laxamananda Saraswati. The court acquitted the persons due to lack of evidence, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16897351", "title": "India convinces rich nations to commit $12 billion biodiversity conservation", "text": "HYDERABAD: India, backed by vociferous developing countries, ultimately convinced the rich world to double the international funds for conserving biodiversity in the developing world by 2015. The decision was taken at the annual meeting of the UN Convention on Biodiversity, after hard-nosed negotiations with the European Union and some other countries drew the meeting into extra time, stretching over from Friday night to Saturday.The gathered representatives of 193 countries decided that the developed countries would double the biodiversity-related international funds by 2015, using a baseline figure of the average annual national spending on biodiversity between 2006 and 2010. Back-of-the-envelope calculations peg it to be around $12 billion.The decision took a long-drawn argument with the UK, EU and Canada besides some other developed countries, Indian negotiators said. Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarjan was engaged in several closed-door parleys to convince the developed nations to give into the demand.In a meeting that saw the North-South cleave get deepen, the rich countries demanded that the developing world first make a firmer assessment of needs and also develop elaborate reporting framework before funds are committed. The African nations, particularly, along with several other developing countries like Brazil saw this as a delaying tactic after promises were made last year that rich countries would pledge money at Hyderabad.The last-minute deal also included the decision that greater number of countries would incorporate biodiversity-related concerns in their financial and development plans. All parties agreed to substantially increase domestic expenditures for biodiversity protection over the same period. These targets are not to be reviewed in 2014.In another significant decision, the countries decided to classify marine areas on basis of their ecological or biological significance. This classification is expected to feed into the larger UN process of creating a new global treaty for conservation of biodiversity in international waters.The meet also decided to keep track of and follow the precautionary principle in studying the impact of the new emerging science of synthetic biology \u2014 an advancement over the existing genetically modified technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16895904", "title": "Girl charges fianc\u00e9 with rape, extortion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 20-year-old girl, resident of Ghatlodia, has filed a complaint for rape against her fiance. She has also mentioned that the accused tried to extort money from her brother.According to police, Seema (name changed), was pursuing her master of computer applications ( MCA) while staying at her uncle's place in Ghatlodia. She had got engaged with Bhavesh Jagariya (Patel), a diamond trader from Mumbai, earlier this year. They used to talk to each other everyday and had met a couple of times when he visited the city for social events. It was an arranged affair as both the families have roots in Palanpur.\"Bhavesh had come to the city on Thursday and the duo met at 5.30 pm near Subhash Bridge. After having snacks and roaming around, Bhavesh took her to his room at Gokul Guest House at 7 pm. He tried to take liberty with her that she resisted after which he got angry and raped her. She has mentioned that Bhavesh also SMSed her brother that if he wanted to see her alive, he would have to pay him Rs 50 lakh,\" said police official.A J Gondaliya, inspector of Ghatlodia police station, said that when police reached the spot, the duo was present below the guest house. \"Bhavesh mentions that it was a prank he was playing. We have however rounded him up on charges of rape and illegal confinement and the girl has been sent for medical examination,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895714", "title": "Activists expose RTO lapses in taxi tariff card", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer activists created a flutter at the transport commissioner's office on Saturday when they claimed that a taxi tariff card released by the Tardeo RTO was presumably a \"fake one\".Buttressing their claim, the activists pointed out that the colour of the card was light blue (a lighter shade than the approved colour), it only bore the signature of Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA ) secretary (the signature of MMRTA chairman was missing) and had an additional column on old fares (this was not approved in the final tariff card officially released by the transport commissioner's office on October 11). The official tariff card is also uploaded on the website, mahatranscom.in.Transport commissioner V N More was surprised to see a different set of tariff cards presented to him by the activists and his initial reaction was that it could be a \"fake one.\" But when he inquired with the Tardeo Central RTO, he learnt that the officials had printed 20,000 copies of this card from another agency, which resulted in the difference in colour.Sources said the card bore only the signature of only MMRTA secretary M B Jadhav, who the regional transport officer of Tardeo, as the MMRTA chairman (transport secretary Shailesh Sharma) is on an assignment and is not in Mumbai. \"The Tardeo RTO, therefore, didn't take Sharma's signature before printing this set of 20,000 tariff cards,\" said a source.The additional column of \"Fare Displayed\" was reportedly printed without the consent or the knowledge of transport commissioner.To tackle the situation, More announced on Saturday evening that a new set of cards approved by him has already been printed by the Tardeo RTO. \"These cards (the set of 20,000) should be treated as genuine as the figures are not fudged. It is not a fake card at all. It just has an additional column on old fares, is of a lighter shade (blue) and has only one signature.\"When contacted, Jadhav denied that there were any serious lapses. \"I am a secretary of the MMRTA and also an authority to issue tariff cards. It bears my signature and is not bogus.\"The delegation of activists demanded that the transport department should take precautionary measures and not create confusion among commuters by circulating different kinds of cards.Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"Now, the new card, where fare payable is the one shown against the old fare, is contrary to the method given in the card\u2014fare is equal to distance X Rs 12.35. The MMRTA says one thing and the commissioner another.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16898077", "title": "A technology to predict landslides in advance", "text": "COIMBATORE: A wireless landslide sensing technology designed and developed by researchers of Amrita University has been adjudged as the second best rural innovation in the academic /research category given by National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). As many as 1,400 entries were received out of which 30 projects were shortlisted in five different categories.\"The project was initially developed in 2006-07 and it was in development for about four years. A successful trial was conducted in Munnar region before it became fully operational,\" said Venkat Rangan, vice chancellor, Amrita University.The project was developed in the Himalayas and north-eastern states by a team of researchers under Dr Maneesha Sudheer, director of Amrita Centre for Wireless Network and Applications.The technology consists of a deep earth probe system which comprises of wireless sensors buried deep in the ground at a depth of about 25 metre. These sensors measure the quantity of water retained under the ground surface and pressure exerted in the terrain. The readings are then transmitted to a receiving station where they are analysed and the possibility of a land slide is predicted about 24 hours in advance.\"It could be successfully utilised in terrains prone to frequent landslides and could be used to warn the local people against possibility of landslides,\" Venkat Rangan added.Dr Maneesha Sudheer accepted the award from Union Minister of Finance P Chidambharam at a function held in New Delhi from where she has headed to Europe.The jury panel responsible for selecting the projects comprised of experts and eminent personalities headed by Jairam Ramesh , Union Minister for Rural Development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897795", "title": "Dalai Lama ends speech with four letter word?", "text": "His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama isn't known for swearing like an angry sailor. Hence the surprise of an audience of students at Brown University in Rhode Island , when at the end of a speech on world peace, he appeared to utter some distinctly unholy language.Closed caption screens in the auditorium were showing subtitles of the event, and a stenographer transcribing the speech appeared to think His Holiness had uttered the words, \"F** k it\". There were 5,600 people in the audience.The exiled Tibetan leader was in fact urging listeners to share his thoughts with others if they found them interesting . If not, he said, they could \"forget\". A Brown spokeswoman confirmed he said \"forget\" and said the closed captioning that appeared was an error.Nearing the end of the speech the 77-year-old said: \"If you feel these points are not much relevant \u2014 not much interest \u2014 then forget.\"It was then that the mistake by the hapless, and no doubt embarrassed, stenographer occurred. THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896049", "title": "Congress asks election commission to spare traders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Congress asked the state electoral officer to train guns on the BJP rather than on traders over unaccounted money. Talking to reporters, Gujarat Pradesh Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia said the State Electoral Officer and his team were harassing traders. \"The officer should in fact investigate the dealings of BJP and its 'dhan sangrah', where the party and chief minister Narendra Modi illegally extorted money.\"He said the State Electoral Officer cannot see the expenses incurred by Modi and his team for the Vivekanand Yatra and those of starting his own channel. Modhwadia said that the EC was purposely not investigating the expenses of the BJP.Modhwadia again attacked chief minister Narendra Modi for giving land to corporate houses at throwaway prices. He said the chief minister gave DLF land at Rs 5,000 per sq metre despite the market price being Rs 80,000 to Rs 1 lakh. Real estate conglomerate DLF was recently in the news for alleged favours to Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi .He further said, \"Four car companies including Tata, Maruti, Ford and Peugeot were given land at throwaway prices and also received additional benefits to the tune of thousands of crores. He further sought to know what the relationship between the industrialists and Modi was.\" He said Raheja Builders was given land at less than Rs 500 per sq m while the Indian Air Force, was given land at Rs 1,100 per sq m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896454", "title": "Jeweller duped of Rs 1.25 crore gold", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons, including a woman, defrauded a prominent MI Road-based jeweller of 4 kg of gold worth nearly Rs 1.25 crore at Vidhayakpuri area on Saturday. The accused, pretending to be owners of a firm named Mehta Investment, called the jeweller's son to their office in Shalimar Complex saying that they would buy gold bars from them and on the pretext of checking whether the gold was genuine, they went into another cabin and disappeared. One of the fraudsters had furnished a copy of her passport at the time of renting the office which has become the focus of the police investigation.According to the police, the accused had targeted jeweller Satyanaryan Mosun, owner of JKJ &amp; Sons situated at MI Road.\"A gang of fraudsters, identifying themselves as Rakesh Mehta, his wife Manisha and Jitendra Mehta, had approached the jeweller's showroom recently saying that they were running a firm named Mehta Investment out of the Shalimar Complex. They bought valuables worth nearly Rs 1 lakh. They paid the money to win trust. They also said that they would continue to do business with the jeweller,\" said a police officer.The officer said that they placed an order for gold bars weighing 4.1 kg and demanded delivery on Saturday. \"Satyanarayan's son Deepak Mosun went to their office carrying the gold in two bags. They took the bags and went into another cabin saying that they would check the weight and whether the gold is pure. When they returned, they handed over the bag and said that they were going to a bank to get cash. When Deepak checked the bags later, he found out that they had replaced the gold with iron,\" said the officer.Police said that Manisha had furnished her identification documents while taking the office on rent. On the basis of the address, the police have rushed a team to Surat in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16895553", "title": "Purnia likely to be back on air map in November", "text": "PURNIA: This dream comes true next month. Purnia, after a gap of 35 years, will again find itself on the air map of India and commercial flights start off, in all likelihood, on November 7.The Spirit Airways has finally given its nod to operate a bi-weekly air service on Kolkata-Purnia-Patna route and the return Patna-Purnia-Kolkata route. The 10-seater aircraft will, to begin with, operate on Tuesdays and Saturdays.The Air Force Wing Commandant at Chunapur defence airport in Purnia, Viswajeet Kumar, who broke this information to TOI on Friday, said the air fare will approximately be Rs 4,000-4,500 and Rs 3,500-4,000 for Kolkata-Purnia and Purnia-Patna which will almost be at par with the flight cost between Bagdogra and Kolkata. All such modalities will be clinched finally at a meeting with the Spirit Airways management on October 25 when a trial flight is also expected, he disclosed.Purnia was first put on air map way back in 1956-58 when the now defunct Balurghat Airways introduced commercial flights. The air service was, however, withdrawn after a year or so.Another air service, JamAir came into the picture and commenced its services between Purnia and Kolkata in 1976. The JamAir also withdrew its services after nearly two years in 1978, Kumar said.The re-introduction of air flight between Purnia-Kolkata and Purnia-Patna is the culmination of strenuous and painstaking efforts on the part of the Air Force officials here who established a rapport with the top civil brass in Patna and New Delhi.The people's representatives were also no less helpful, Wing Commandant Kumar said.It was a Herculean task to get the defence ministry to allow a private agency to step in and allow commercial flight from its defence base spread over a 700 acre plot at Chunapur, barely 10 km from Purnia, sources said.The commercial air connectivity will, in all likelihood, turn out to be launching pad for other flights between Purnia and New Delhi and other destinations, Kumar said.The proposed air flight connecting Purnia to Kolkata as well as Patna has been greatly welcomed. \"We shall just not be spared the trouble of travelling nearly 200 km to catch the flight at Bagdogra near Siliguri (West Bengal) but also save much of our time,\" said Vijay Kumar Srivastava and Satyen Sharat.The Purnia flight will also greatly facilitate travellers not only from places like Darbhanga, Madhubani, Saharsa, Katihar and Bhagalpur but also Nepal as well as adjoining areas of West Bengal.Also, it would help BSF and SSB personnel in Purnia and Kishanganj, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16897165", "title": "Heat on government for apathy towards Sanskrit tolls", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Sanskrit Students' Union (AASSU) on Saturday slammed the state government for its \"apathy\" towards over 400 Sanskrit tolls (institutes) across the state.Addressing a news conference here, secretary of the union, Jugal Kumar Mahanta, demanded a separate directorate for Sanskrit tolls in Assam. \"If the state government can constitute a separate directorate for the madrassas, why is it reluctant to open a directorate for Sanskril tolls,\" said Mahanta.Criticizing the state government, he added, \"Though the Centre is giving a lot of importance to Sanskrit and has made it a medium of imparting moral education to students, a student studying in state government-run schools can only study Sanskrit in Class IX and X and that too as an elective subject. Even private schools affiliated to CBSE are giving ample importance to Sanskrit.\"The AASSU also asked the state government to start functioning of the proposed Sanskrit University in Nalbari district at the earliest. Infrastructure of Sanskrit tolls should be improved so that students can get quality education in this era of competitiveness. Over 20,000 students are studying in such tolls in the state.\"Most Sanskrit tolls are functioning with four teachers, which is inadequate. Moreover, the high schools are enjoying much more facilities compared to the Sanskrit tolls. Our demand is to remove this disparity,\" added Mahanta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897326", "title": "Primary school games get going", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ten year olds from all over the state brightened Guru Nanak Stadium with their excitement and sporting energy on the opening day of the 28th Punjab State Primary School Games on Saturday.The three-day sports event will prove a testing and exciting opportunity for the young sports stars.Mandeep Singh , 10, from Govt Primary School, Garhi, is kabaddi player, and part of the Ludhiana team. He said, \"I am very excited; there are so many teams here. But I know we will win.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16899803", "title": "Sushant Singh Rajput follows in Farhan Akhtar\u2019s footsteps", "text": "Call it an eerie coincidence. But after Rock On gave its actors Farhan Akhtar and Arjun Rampal a serious alternative career-option in music and stage performance, director Abhishek Kapoor's new film Kai Po Che has turned one of its leading men Sushant Singh Rajput into a quasi-professional cricketer.Rajput plays a aspiring cricketer in Kai Po Che . Hours of grueling training with experts in the field(pun intended) and with winners of the Ranji trophy in the game have turned Sushant Rajput into a diehard cricket buff.Says the director, \"Since Sushant plays a cricketer in the film he went underwent months of training from some of the best cricketer coaches in our country because I had to make him look like an exceptional player on screen. \"It's interesting to see actors carry a vocation that they learn for a film beyond the role.Arjun Rampal learnt to play the guitar for Abhishek Kapoor's Rock On . Now he's hooked for life and would like to perform on stage as part of a musical band.Says Abhishek Kapoor, \"Whether it was rock music on Rock On or cricket on Kai Po Che I've made sure that the vocation and the skill that the characters possess don't overshadow the characters. Basically both Rock On and Kai Po Che are about the characters. What they do, the backdrop that they function within, are not allowed to overpower their personality. I've made sure of that. In that sense Rock On was not a film about rock music.And Kai Po Che is not about cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16895473", "title": "Sharpshooter held in Kishanganj", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Police arrested a sharpshooter, Amarjit Rai alias Fighter from a redlight area on the outskirts of Bahadurganj under the same police station in Kishanganj district on Thursday night.Police also seized a country-made pistol and some live cartridges from his possession. His accomplices, who were waiting outside in a jeep, managed to dodge the police. Rai is a comrade-in-arms of history-sheeter Dinesh Rathor who is currently in Araria jail. On a tip-off that Rai and his gang members had a were indulging in fun and frolic in the redlight area also known as Premnagar, police laid a trap and arrested him. His gang members, however, managed to dodge the police and escaped in a vehicle, police said.Bahadurganj SHO Chitranjan Thakur said Amarjit Rai, associated with the jailed Dinesh Rathor, was also wanted in connection with over two dozen cases of murder, dacoities and bank loots across Kishanganj, Araria, Saharsa, Supaul, Begusarai and Darbhanga districts. He was recently released on bail.Rai hails from Darbhanga district, and often let loose a reign of terror in the company of his mentor, Rathor in different districts of north Bihar, the SHO said. He has been remanded to judicial custody, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900146", "title": "Kylie Minogue relinquishes 'best booty crown' to Pippa Middleton", "text": "Kylie Minogue , who's peachy butt cheeks have been as famous as her voice ever since she wore her iconic gold hot pants in 2000, has finally given up her best booty crown to Pippa Middleton after comparing backsides at Buckingham Palace.In fact, the 44-year-old singer reckons her best days are now so far behind her she might use a stunt bottom.During promoting her new 'Abbey Road Sessions' album, Minogue apologised to Pippa for challenging her to a \"bum off\" on Alan Carr's 'Chatty Man'.\"I met Pippa at the Jubilee just after I'd been on Alan Carr and joked about having a better bottom then her,\" the Daily Star quoted her as saying.\"We said 'hi', she was wearing one of my sister's Project D dresses, which was lovely, we were chatting and then I just blurted out about our bums. She was very gracious and said I would win hands down but I'm not too sure about that.\"I think if there was a competition between me, Kim Kardashian and Pippa Middleton for best bum I would come third.\"I don't know who would win out of those two girls but I'm just hanging in there. My glory days are definitely behind me, pardon the pun.\"\"I'm still surprised my bum is still news. I haven't used a stunt bottom so far but it's a good option for the future,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896345", "title": "Rain exposes divide between parts of north, south Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Just two days into the northeast monsoon and the divide between the northern and southern parts of the city in terms of civic infrastructure is glaring. While several parts in the north remained inundated on Saturday, many traditionally flood-prone areas in the southern parts were almost 'dry' due to newly-laid storm water drains.From 8.30pm on Friday to 8.30pm on Saturday, the city recorded 78.9mm rainfall was recorded. The situation in north Chennai areas such as Vyasarpadi, MKB Nagar and Kondungaiyur haven't improved much since Thursday. A private bus, a car and an autorickshaw were stranded in the Basin Bridge subway, where the water was more than 4-ft deep at one point. Many motorists were diverted through Perambur where traffic moved at a snail's pace.People going towards Chennai Central had to cross the railway tracks above the Basin Bridge subway to get an auto or a share-auto. Many blamed the MLAs and councillors concerned for the poor infrastructure. \"Before elections politicians make many promises but rarely keep them,\" said V Parimalam of Kalyanapuram in Vyasarpadi who said he had not plied his auto for three days.There were vehicle pile-ups on arterial Tondiarpet High Road and the diversion of vehicles to Perambur did not help. Residents in many areas like Nethaji Nagar, RK Nagar, Tondiarpet and New Washermenpet continued to wade through water.In Tondiarpet and New Washermenpet, residents stopped work on storm water drains and erected warning boards. A portion of a building in New Washermenpet collapsed on four bikes parked outside.There was heavy rain in south Chennai, but there was only slight stagnation in some low-lying areas of Besant Nagar, Adyar and T Nagar. Traditionally flood-prone areas like the Besant Nagar bus terminus and inner lanes were much better. \"We usually cannot walk on the road near the terminus as the water is ankle deep. We get splashed by passing vehicles, but the situation is better,\" said Sai Kiran, a resident.Residents of many Velachery areas, such as Mahalakshmi Nagar, EB Colony and Lakshmi Nagar Second Main Road where stagnation has been a perennial problem and water takes more than a week to drain out, also said things were better. \"The water is just half-a-foot deep and officials are draining it out regularly,\" said Shree Karthik of Brindhavan Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901009", "title": "Muscle Women Yvette Shaw challenge Salman Khan in her photoshoot", "text": "In recent times we have seen many of our favorite Hollywood stars heading toward Indian Cinema.The shine of Bollywood attracts many International artists to be a part of it that is why they are grooming in Bollywood. One of the leading Hollywood Actress Yvette Shaw has done a photoshoot for her upcoming movie The City that Never Sleeps produced by Satish Reddy and directed by Haroon Rashid.Feeling excited about Bollywood her debut project Yvette said, I love Salman Khan very much he is one handsome hunk in Bollywood and it will be a great pleasure for me to work out with him. I am very excited about my new venture with Satish Reddy and Haroon Rashid. I am so glad I got a chance in Bollywood Industry. Yvette Shaw has rubbed shoulders with Hollywood hunk Arnold and many action stars. She can be described as one of the toughest women in the world. She's an accomplished International athlete muscle model and cctress. Satish Reddy said, Yvette has a finest body and she is very hardworking. She has a unique quality to portray her character.' Iti Shree Misra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16897142", "title": "Tarun Gogoi releases white paper on foreigners' issue", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday released an exhaustive white paper on the foreigners' issue starting with the genesis of the problem to its present status and the future, assuring the people that there is no danger. Rather, Gogoi described this issue as less important than issues of health, education, employment and agriculture.\"The government is committed to expedite the process of detection of illegal migrants. But, I wish to tell the people of the state that this issue brings no danger to culture and identity of the people of Assam,\" Gogoi said here on Saturday.He said, \"The foreigners' issue is, no doubt, an issue in the state but it not a big one. There are bigger issues like education, health and agriculture and above all, unemployment.\"Gogoi described the white paper as the first detailed study of the problem so far. \"This is a solid base for anyone who would like to research on this issue. This is a historical document,\" he said.Reading out the salient points of the document, Gogoi said migration in the state has been here for 100 years. \"First it was internal migration during the British period, then external migration from East Pakistan after Independence and Bangladesh.\"He said between 1911 and 1971, there was huge migration to the state every year. \"The rate of growth of population in the state was higher than the national average. In 1911, Assam decadal growth rate was 17 per cent against the national rate of 5.8 per cent. In 1921, the growth in the state was 20.5 per cent while the country's figure was just 0.3 per cent.\"The CM pointed out that the change was noticed from 2001 when the state's growth rate came down to 18.9 per cent while the country's average went up to 21.5 per cent. \"In the provisional census report of 2011, state's population growth rate which was 16.9 per cent, is again lower than the national average of 17.6 per cent,\" Gogoi said.Gogoi has acknowledged that in the unfenced riverine border with Bangladesh , ingress of infiltrators is possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897512", "title": "Lord Buddha TV's Slumdog Millionaire rise", "text": "On November 26, 2010, Sachin, who resides in the city's Imambada slums in Rambagh area, started a big journey by launching India's first religious channel on Buddhism - Lord Buddha TV.He had a team of six, which included only one cameraman, all of whom were from the same slum. In a short span, the channel which started as a local one for cable TV viewers, has crossed over to nine states to become a national channel with round-the-clock broadcasting.The channel has spread its wings and has even opened offices in all major cities of Maharashtra and other metros in the country. When it started from a rented premises at Prathemesh Vihar on Great Nag Road, nobody from the team, mostly youngsters from the slums who had failed to clear the Std X examination, dreamt that their project would reach dizzy heights. But their hand work and instinct to do something different, with an objective to serve the society in general, paid off. Within a span of six months, the channel had become a hit on local cable TV.\"Believe it or not, but we began our first shoot with a camera used for covering marriages. All of us hail from the slums and came together for a noble cause,\" says Sachin, adding that their journey has been an extremely tough one so far. He fled from home at the age of 20 after being scolded by parents for not doing well in studies.Sachin quit studies after clearing the class XII exam to join a cable channel and after some training, took up the job of a cameraman at a meagre salary of Rs1,500 in 2000. He always dreamt of being an entrepreneur and soon left the cable TV job to start his own news on cable channels titled 'Nagpur Varta' as a freelancer. The idea for a channel on Buddhism came to his mind when he was working as a cameraman and covered Deekshabhoomi celebrations during Dussehra. He also came in contact with social worker Bhaiyyaji Kherkar. They were joined by his childhood friend-cum-brother Raju Moon, who was a cable operator, to start the concept of launching a religious channel.\"After some deliberations, we decided to start the first-of-its-kind channel which will propagate philosophies and thoughts of Lord Buddha and also of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, who are our sole inspiration. At that time we had no money to pay rent for the flat from where we started,\" says Sachin.Deliberating on the contents, Kherkar informs that their channel not only focuses on religious discourses but also on social and national issues related to the society. \"We mainly focus on outdoor shoots. Since a year, we have started accepting advertisements. But their contents are strictly restricted. We don't accept glamorous ads or those which are not suitable for family viewing,\" he states.He further informs that they were also running shows related to families and their unique one was related to marriage where the channel acts like a bureau.Sachin adds that he and other members are currently funding the channel from their own pockets and also receiving help from like-minded people. \"We do a lot of charity works as well. Those who donate money to us, we provide them birthday advertisement for just Rs1,000 whereas its rates are over Rs10,000 on other channels,\" he says.Sachin now plans to set up their own teleport in the city. It will be based at Asola, near Butibori, 30 kms from Nagpur. A teleport is the facility which uplinks the channel with satellites in earth's orbit so that it could be broadcast to other countries or continents. So far, it is only available in Delhi and a couple of metro cities like Mumbai and Chennai. \"It will be the second in the state after Mumbai and first in Vidarbha, and will commence working within six months. We're working overtime to make it a reality,\" says Sachin.\"Currently, we are using an innovative technology to broadcast channel contents directly from the city. We have tied up with Reliance for using their high speed fibre-optic connectivity to transfer the contents to Delhi. We have a tie up with a news channel based in the Noida Film City for uplinking the contents to INSAT-4A from where the channel is broadcast to the entire country,\" he adds.Among other plans, Sachin says they're converting the channel into full High-Definition (HD) by April and for this they had started purchasing HD cameras and accessories. \"We're also in talks with two direct-to-home (DTH) networks for broadcasting our channel to villages as cable is not available in many rural areas,\" he says. Currently, the channel is in Marathi but from October 24 - Dussehra Day - it will be completely telecast in Hindi for national viewers. From 2014, the channel plans to cover entire India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897490", "title": "Farmers\u2019 body demands govt\u2019s hands-off policy in land acquisition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Farmers, who often lose their land to pave way for development, are not happy, with even UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's proposal of 80% landowners' consent for fresh acquisition for any private project. They want government's non-interference in land acquisition, and feel that all deals should be done directly between buyers and sellers.Kisan Mahasangh, an umbrella body of farmers' organizations in north India, put these demands and several others before Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Saturday. The meeting, which lasted around three hours, took place a day after farmers had staged a protest against government on the proposed bill cleared by the group of ministers (GoM), headed by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar.Farmers' representatives submitted that land acquisition for private firms across the world has been stopped due to the \"inherent potential for exploitation\". They said that the parliamentary committee had recognized this flaw in the acquisition process, and had suggested an end to the practice.\"We are opposed to the proposal of creation of pool of unutilized land since this leads to misuse, allotments and leasing of excess land to individuals and companies based on vested interest. It encourages acquisition of large tracts at lower rates. Since developments on such plots take long and that too in phases, they cannot be used for farming and the land owners are also deprived of compensation at market rate,\" said Colonel (retd) Devinder Sehrawat, co-convener of Kisan Mahasangh.The farmers have also demanded that there should be a professional outfit to calculate the compensation rate with their representatives. \"The minister has agreed that he would push for such bodies at state level with some members from the farmers' community,\" Sehrawat said.The representatives have also pushed for keeping fertile and irrigated land out of acquisition ambit. In addition, they want government to issue individual notices to the affected landowners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896344", "title": "Court rules in favour of road project near sector 37", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has dismissed the petition of 19 house owners who had challenged the acquisition of land by the department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) in Gurgaon.The house owners had moved a writ petition challenging the DTCP's decision to acquire land for road-widening work near Sector 37 C. The petitioners had claimed that the land comprising Khasra Nos.17, 18, 23 and 24 was acquired for a public purpose and they argued that the constructed residential colony of 19 houses situated in land measuring 32 kanal had come up prior to the publication of the notification under Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act.Vijender Singh, District Town Planner (DTP), Gurgaon, in an affidavit filed in the court, stated that the land near Garauli Khurd village was required for widening of the existing Gurgaon-Pataudi Road and the sector roads of Sector 37-C &amp; 37-D.Singh further said in the affidavit that the land of the petitioners partially falls in the area where the proposed widening of Gurgaon-Pataudi Road is to take place. As per the Development Plan proposals for 75m wide and partially falls in the alignment of 60 m wide sector road of Sector 37-C and 37-D.In the court the petitioner's counsel argued that the residential houses in khasra No.17 measuring 7 kanals 12 marlas is not required for the purpose of road alignment. Therefore, it should be left aside and not be considered for acquisition. The court, however, did not find any merit in the argument after going through the records and the Gurgaon development plan prepared by the DTCP.\"It is the categorical stand of the respondents that land in khasra Nos.17, 18, 23, 24 is required for the purpose of road widening. Since the land is sought to be acquired for the purpose of road, we do not find any merit in the writ petition and dismiss it,\" said the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16897240", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa's absence robs rally of its charm", "text": "HUBLI: The absence of former CM BS Yeddyurappa did contribute to the lukewarm response to BJP's rally in the CM's hometown on Saturday.It is for the first time that a state convention of the party was held without Yeddyurappa. It was obvious that the former CM, who is preparing to launch a new party, would be absent in the 'Congress Hatao, Desh Bachao' rally. Not to be bogged down, the organizers had made every effort to fetch crowds and had announced that about one lakh people would congregate. To their dismay, there were only about 15,000 people. Yeddyurappa and most of his supporters, including ministers Basavaraj Bommai, CM Udasi, V Somanna, M P Renukacharya and many MLAs and MPs from the region abstained from the meet. Though, Yeddyurappa's supporters minister Murugesh Nirani, MLAs SI Chikkanagoudar and Chandrakant Bellad and former minister CC Patil were present, it was just a tokenism.Normally, during political events, there would be a scramble for food and water. But, at the BJP's rally, the food --- bisibele bath, curd rice and water packets --- was more than enough. The participant workers were found carrying it home.However, BJP Yuva Morcha state vice president Narayan Jartarghar tried to cover it up and said that though they had said they were expecting one lakh people, they were actually hopeful of around 40,000 people. Political observers admit that the lukewarm response was indeed due to the Yeddyurappa factor.NO COMMNETS ON BSY Before the rally, the BJP top-brass headed by BJP national general secretary Dharmendra Pradhan met at a hotel and resolved not to criticize and to avoid any reference to former CM B S Yeddyurappa. It was a strategic move, for they knew that the former CM commanded good support in the region. During the rally, none took the name of Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900176", "title": "Martin Sheen and Woody Harrelson to star in 9/11 flick", "text": "Martin Sheen and Woody Harrelson have been roped in to star in a September 11 movie that takes a look at the attacks from the view point of conspiracy theorists.The movie, titled 'September Morn,' supports some of the claims made by members of the \"truther\" movement, which has questioned the established version of the events of 9/11, namely that the attacks were planned and carried out by Osama Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda operatives, the Daily Mail reported.\"We the people demand that the government revisits and initiates a thorough and independent investigation to the tragic events of 9/11,\" an advanced publicity note describing the film read.\"In the vein of \"Twelve Angry Men\" this dramatic piece is set with a stellar and award winning cast,\" the note said.BJ Davis is set to direct a script by the first-time screenwriter Howard Cohen.The film will also have Ed Asner and Esai Morales.According to the official synopsis, the film aims to \"provide an insight into the findings of the 9/11 Commission, intertwined with provocative perspectives of expert architects and scientists, CIA and Department of Defense officials, Department of Homeland Security officials and concerned American citizens.\"Both the actors have previously aligned themselves with the \"truther\" movement, publicly calling on the government to launch a full-scale investigation into what really happened on September 11.'September Morn' is being produced by Fleur De Lis Studios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897510", "title": "Leopard falls into well, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A leopard died after it fell into an open well in Kalmeshwar range of Nagpur forest division. The leopard was reportedly two years old.The incident occurred at Susundri village in the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. The well in which the leopard died is situated in the field of Chandrashekhar Kale, who found the leopard's carcass on Saturday morning and informed the forest department.The well was not covered as per the directives of the government and hence the leopard fell into it. Assistant conservator of forest (ACF) Avinash Anjikar said the area was often visited by wild animals and the forest lay at a distance of about 10km from the village. \"The well is under construction and hence not covered,\" he said.He said the leopard might have come chasing a prey which was most likely to be a dog. \"It has often happened in the past and it was heard that a dog was tied near the well on Friday night. The leopard might have missed its mark and fell into the well,\" he said. The well is 30 ft deep and has 20 ft water. Post-mortem was conducted and the leopard was cremated by the forest staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897843", "title": "NE monsoon takes chill out of night temp", "text": "PANAJI: The night temperature had started sliding earlier in the week, raising expectations of an oncoming mild winter chill, but the commencement of the north east monsoon over southern states has partly affected Goa, as the skies became cloudy on Saturday and the mercury rose again by a few degrees.On Friday morning itself, the minimum temperature rose slightly to 22.8 degrees Celsius while in the afternoon, the mercury shot up to 36.3 degrees Celsius. Further, Saturday morning was warmer with meteorological centre recording a minimum temperature of 23.1 degrees Celsius.\"It is a partial effect of the onset of north east monsoon over Tamil Nadu, Kerala and adjoining areas of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka on Friday,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological centre, Altinho said. The southern states have received some rainfall, but in Goa the effect is partial one with cloud cover imparting a rainy outlook on Saturday.The southwest monsoon had withdrawn from the entire country on October 18. After receding from Goa on October 14 itself, the change in weather conditions was apparent with the night temperature sliding to 21.7 degrees Celsius on October 18 morning. Singh stated that the upper air circulation on the west coast had affected the weather in the state and it may last for a couple of days.The day temperatures had risen in the past few days due to a late onset of sea breeze. \"This is due to cloud cover and because the sea breeze was setting late at around 3 to 4pm instead of 1 or 2pm,\" Singh said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895959", "title": "Fake 'qurbani' website worries Haj officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Haj House and the Central Haj Committee of India (CHCI) woke up to a major virtual fraud on Friday night as reports of a fake website offering qurbani (animal sacrifice ritual) service to pilgrims at 450 Saudi riyals started surfacing.The CHCI acted fast and issued a memo declaring www.hajhouse.in/index_qurbani.php as fake and asked pilgrims to be cautious. CHCI Officials said that they were alerted by the consul general in Saudi Arabia Faiz Ahmad Kidwai and that there was no clear idea regarding the number of pilgrims duped. The TOI found that a company operating from Mehdipatnam had registered the website's domain name. A CHCI official requesting anonymity said, \"The website claims to be managed by Islamic Development Bank (IDB) in Jeddah. The consul general brought this to our notice perhaps after being informed by the IDB.\" The IDB too issued a statement on Saturday denying any links to the website. \"This fake website in order to mislead the public, has incorporated specific details from which is the official website of the IDB, Jeddah,\" it stated.The IDB went on to state that it was not responsible for any qurbani bookings made on this site as \"IDB, India does not undertake any activity to do with qurbani whatsoever\".The website has put up payment options through credit card and urges pilgrims to book their order in advance as prices could increase before Bakrid. According to the AP State Haj Committee (APSHC), only Al Rajhi Bank and Saudi Post are authorised to collect qurbani charges from pilgrims. An SHC official said that the sacrificing ritual will take place on October 26. and it is only then that they would know the magnitude of the problem. \"Qadim-ul-hujjaj (Haj servants) will be keeping an eye on the qurbani remittances. Last year the qurbani amount was 350 Saudi riyals. This year it is expected to be priced around 450 Saudi riyals, which is around Rs 4,500,\" an APSHC official said.The website indicated that more than 31,000 people have visited it. CHCI officials said that they were exploring all legal options to check the degree and nature of the fraud.Shakir Hussain, CEO, CHCI said, \"We are going to check the legal status of the problem. However, we had clearly mentioned the process of making qurbani remittances to the pilgrims in the Haj Guide given to them.\"Meanwhile, a total of 26 flights from the Hyderabad embarkation point carrying 7,967 pilgrims left for Jeddah with the last flight leaving at 10.20 am on Saturday. Of this figure, 1,486 are making the pilgrimage under the reserved category. There are 4,145 men, 3,822 women and 12 infants discharging their religious duties. Accommodation under the Green Category is being provided to 3,755 pilgrims and 3,697 will be staying in the Kingdom under the Azizia Category. Further, 515 have been awarded free accommodation in the rubat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895570", "title": "Mumbai couple granted divorce after 23 years", "text": "MUMBAI: October 11 was a red-letter day for Vijay Rane (name changed). On this day, the marriage of the retired BMC senior audit and accounts assistant was dissolved by the Bombay high court\u2014a dissolution he had been seeking for 23 years.The HC was told Rane's wife Sharmila (name changed) had left her matrimonial home three months after the wedding because she didn't want to live in a joint family. Noting that Sharmila had spurned all bids to reconcile or settle amicably for divorce, the HC agreed 23 years away qualified as not only desertion but also cruelty. In their 30s when they married, the couple is now 60 and 57 years, respectively.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode of Bombay high court agreed that 23 years spent separately and Sharmila's action of rebuffing estranged husband Vijay Rane's (names changed) attempts at reconciliation or to settle amicably for divorce qualified as not only desertion but also cruelty\u2014grounds on which Vijay had repeatedly filed for divorce in his 23-year-long quest for justice.Sharmila, a schoolteacher, married Vijay on May 16, 1989, according to Hindu Vedic rites. Vijay's petition claims she was aware before the wedding that he lived in a joint family with his mother, two unmarried sisters and a mentally challenged brother. In June 1989, Sharmila left on the pretext of visiting her parents and returned only at the end of July. On August 19, 1989, while Vijay was on a pilgrimage, she left the house with all her belongings; the petition claims that in November 1989, her father and brother informed him that she would stay with him only if he acquired a separate apartment.After two years of living alone, Vijay filed for divorce on grounds of desertion in September 1991. The family court (FC) dismissed his petition on November 30, 1992, holding that the desertion was not proved by him. After that, from 1994 onwards, Vijay approached the Lok Adalat and women's organisations to reconcile with Sharmila or settle the matter amicably. Sharmila did not respond.At his wits' end, in June 1998, Vijay filed a second petition in the FC for divorce, not only on grounds of desertion but also cruelty. The FC on December 30, 2004, dismissed his petition again, saying that the issue has been considered by it earlier and merely because reconciliation efforts had failed, it could not be said that a fresh cause of desertion and cruelty had arisen. The FC also dismissed Sharmila's plea for maintenance and a separate residence. In April 2005, Vijay's appeal in the Bombay High Court was dismissed and the FC's order upheld. On July 11, 2005, Vijay moved the Supreme Court, which after six long years, on July 27, 2011, remanded the matter to the HC to decide on merits within six months.Vijay's advocate, Vishwajeet Kapse, argued that it was clear that Sharmila wanted to harass Vijay on one pretext or another. \"Vijay made every effort to reconcile but she spurned him. A women's welfare organisation, whose president was examined before the family court, submitted that she was neither ready for reconciliation nor for divorce. She even said the respondent was very stubborn,\" said Kapse, who also submitted that there was considerable delay in court. Agreeing with Kapse, the judges said, \"Twenty-three years is more than enough to hold the ground of desertion which has culminated in cruelty.\" They allowed Vijay's petition for divorce and said they would pass a detailed order later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16897583", "title": "National students union of India signature drive to demand counselling cells in HSSs, colleges", "text": "MARGAO: Taking cognizance of the rising number of suicides in Goa, especially amongst the youth, national students union of India (NSUI) are conducting a signature campaign to get the government to set up a counselling cell in every higher secondary school (HSS) and college in Goa.NSUI, who have a team of students working in all 40 colleges in Goa, will be submitting a memorandum to the director of the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education, vice chancellor of Goa university and to the chief minister who is also the education minister.\"The major cause appears to be academic related stress which goes unnoticed by most parents and teachers, and the other causes are loneliness, rejection and love affairs,\" said David Aguiar, NSUI national delegate, in a statement issued on Saturday.NSUI members back their demands with information procured from the national crime records bureau, ministry of home affairs, which state that the average suicide rate in Goa is 18.5, way above the national average of 11.4.\"According to Dr Peter Castelino, founder of Cause of Our Joy Mental Health Foundation, Goa ranks fifth among smaller states in terms of suicide rate,\" added Aguiar.\"We also want to fight the social stigma attached to mental illness and spread the understanding that it is completely normal to seek professional help and there is nothing to be ashamed about that,\" said Hasiba Amin, NSUI state president. \"Besides this we will demand a mandatory class on stress management to be held at least twice a month. This will go a long way in ensuring proper mental health of students across the state,\" added Aguiar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16906119", "title": "Upper Assam Durga pujas gear up for visitors", "text": "JORHAT: As the Durga Puja celebrations started on Saturday evening, more than 100 pandals in the three upper Assam towns of Jorhat, Golaghat and Sivasagar prepared to offer prayers and 'pushpanjali' to the Goddess from Sunday morning. Puja organizers have completed their preparations to receive the hordes of devotees who started flocking to the pandals from Saptami onwards to offer pushpanjali.In Jorhat town, 74 puja pandals have been erected so far with beautiful decor and modern lighting. Organizers are trying to attract the visitors with innovative themes and decor in their pandals.In Jorhat, the must-visit pandals are the Burhi Gosani Dewalaya, Baruari, JPR Road, Chock Bazaar, station, Malow Ali, Rupahi Ali, Raja Moidam and Tarajan Puja Sanmilan pujas. An organizer of the JPR Road puja committee said, \"We are trying our best to beautify the pandal in order to attract visitors. Ours is among the oldest pujas in Jorhat town and thousands of people visit our pandal every year.\"In Sivasagar, 22 pujas have been organized at various places across the town. The most famous ones are the ones organized by the Devi Dol Puja Committee, Dolmukh puja, AT Road Sarbajajin Durga Puja and KP Chariali puja. The Devi Dol puja is the oldest puja in the town and was started during Ahom reign in Assam.In Golaghat town too, puja preparations were in full swing till Saturday afternoon. Of 13 pujas in the town, of which the Golaghat Puja Committee and Golaghat Sanatan Dharma Samaj pujas are the most famous. A member of Golaghat Puja Committee said, \"Our puja is the oldest one in Golaghat and the second oldest in Assam. It was started in 1887 and completes 125 years this year.\"Another organizer said, \"The Sanaton Dharma Samaj puja is also one of the remarkable pujas in town and was started 62 years ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16897129", "title": "Gang of women steals Rs 7L diamonds in 7 mins", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A gang of women is on the prowl in Chandigarh and neighbouring states of Punjab and Haryana, targeting jewellery shops and handloom stores. Police said there are five to six members of different age groups in this gang. Talking about their modus operandi, they said while three of them enter the targeted shop, the others stand outside it and engage the security guards in talk and also keep an eye on other goings-on.In one such broad daylight incident on Friday, four members of the gang stole a diamond set worth Rs 7 lakh from a jewellery shop in Sector 34 here in seven minutes flat. They committed the crime at 12.56pm, but the incident came to light only after 9pm on Friday when the shop owner checked the CCTV footage.This jewellery showroom selling diamond accessories, opened just a month ago. \"At the time of the incident, there were three persons, including two salesmen and my son, in the shop. Three Tibetan women entered our shop and they all conversed in their own language. Two of them asked the salesman to show them some sets, while one kept roaming in the showroom to have a look at the jewellery,\" said Pardeep Bansal, the showroom's owner.'Thieves kept guard busy'Four members of a gang of women stole a diamond set worth Rs 7 lakh from a jewellery shop in Sector 34 here in seven minutes flat.\"One of the accused kept standing outside the shop and engaged the guard in gossip. The woman, who was roaming inside the showroom, asked the guard to buy a matchbox from a nearby shop. While the guard was away and both salesmen were busy, she stealthily picked up the box with the pendant set and hid it under her coat,\" Bansal added.Immediately after committing the crime, all of them left the showroom. The stolen jewellery, however, was insured.B S Negi, deputy superintendent of police, said, \"This is the handiwork of a Tibetan gang that is active in this region. We have some photographs of similar looking women, with a criminal past, and we are showing them to salesmen. We are also taking the help of CCTV footage to nab them.\" However, eyebrows were raised over the late action of the police, as even the FIR was registered after 3pm on Saturday. Kirpal Singh, station house officer of the Sector 34 police station said, \"We have registered a case against unidentified women. Three of them were wearing trousers, while the fourth was wearing a traditional dress.\"'Guard engaged in gossip'Four members of a gang of women stole a diamond set worth Rs 7 lakh from a jewellery shop in Sector 34 here in seven minutes flat.\"One of the accused kept standing outside the shop and engaged the guard in gossip. The woman, who was roaming inside the showroom, asked the guard to buy a matchbox from a nearby shop. While the guard was away and both salesmen were busy, she stealthily picked up the box with the pendant set and hid it under her coat,\" Bansal added.Immediately after committing the crime, all of them left the showroom. The stolen jewellery, however, was insured.B S Negi, deputy superintendent of police, said, \"This is the handiwork of a Tibetan gang that is active in this region. We have some photographs of similar looking women, with a criminal past, and we are showing them to salesmen. We are also taking the help of CCTV footage to nab them.\"However, eyebrows were raised over the late action of the police, as even the FIR was registered after 3pm on Saturday.Kirpal Singh, station house officer of the Sector 34 police station said, \"We have registered a case against unidentified women. Three of them were wearing trousers, while the fourth was wearing a traditional dress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896019", "title": "Now, send SMS to check if your name is on electoral rolls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Simply possessing an Election Identity Card does not guarantee that your name figures on electoral rolls in your area. The district administration, which is now revising electoral rolls till November 7, has issued fresh requests asking citizens to check if their names figure on the voters' list.The district administration received nearly 40,000 fresh applications for election cards in the last few weeks. \"Simply SMSing the election card number to our mobile service number can immediately reveal how your name appears on the list and the location. The other is a toll free number 1950, where citizens can enquire about how to go about applying for an election card or for any sort of complaints,\" says Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897840", "title": "CBI probing Tatra\u2019s two decades of monopoly", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI, which registered a case against Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh on Saturday for allegedly trying to bribe then Army chief General VK Singh to clear the purchase of Tatra trucks for the Army, is conducting a parallel inquiry into the complaint regarding the monopoly Tatra has enjoyed for two decades in supplying all-terrain trucks to the defence forces. Sources said the chargesheet in the case is in the final stages and could be filed in a Delhi court shortly. The agency is expected to charge officials of Tatra and the public sector Bharat Earth Movers Limited.Sources said the raids were conducted at the residences of Rishi's aide Gautam Thadani, MD of Global Healthline Private Ltd, Rajan Madhu, director of F-Bar in Ashoka Hotel and Rishi's employees Anil Mansaramani and Vikram Kakia. CBI sleuths recovered Rs 98 lakh from Thadani's house.CBI sources said preliminary investigation established Tejinder Singh's meeting with the then Army chief as well as that the latter was unhappy with what had transpired. During its probe, the CBI also established Tejinder Singh visited General V K Singh on September 22, 2010 because \"the file related to procurement of Tatra trucks was lying on the table of army chief that day\" and that \"Tejinder Singh offered bribe on behalf of Ravi Rishi as he is closely associated with the latter\".Defence minister AK Antony's confirmation of General V K Singh's \"oral complaint\" was found to be strong corroborative evidence.But what strengthened the case for a formal investigation was evidence of Tejinder Singh's alleged dealings with lobbyists for arms manufacturers, including a Korean company. Tejinder Singh has been booked under section 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Under Section 12 of the Act, a person who abets the offence of making a public servant accept illegal gratification, whether or not that offence is committed in consequence of that abetment, can be punished with a minimum punishment of six months in jail which may extend to five years.\"We have evidence of his links with a shadowy set of former defence officers who were on the payroll of arms manufacturers and suppliers,\" said a senior CBI source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16896430", "title": "Girl cadets scale Naga Hills in Pushkar", "text": "AJMER: Girl cadets from different parts of the country on Saturday morning climbed the Naga Hills in Pushkar as part of the national expedition camp. They overcame all the obstacles and cheered after reaching the hilltop. The cadets belong to all three wings-army, navy and air force and are filled with energy and determination to conquer the Aravalis.A quarter guard camp laced with facilities for their stay has been set up in Kayar Visharmsthali for the girls, \"There are various facilities like canteen, medical room, etc.,\" said the trek manager Colonel Ishwinder Singh Sehdeva, VSM group commander of Udaipur.To ensure girls' safety, a team of Lt Colonel Rohit Yadav, A K Singh and Tej Singh Ghangas has been formed which will finalise the route through which the cadets will proceed towards the tricky terrain of Aravali Hills. \"We will prepare trekking schedule for the cadets, women NCC officials have been directed to take care of the girls during trekking,\" added Sehdeva.The day started early in the camp and girls did strengthening exercises followed by a march past, \"it will prepare the girls for facing obstacles on the route and increase their stamina,\" said an official.The expedition also features cultural activities and cadets will perform folk dances and songs specific to their state. A garba raas was also organized for them on the eve of Navratra. Cadets of Gujarat were enthusiastically teaching dandiya tricks to their fellow trekkers.On Thursday afternoon, the group went out for a four-kilometre march, \"The expedition will be carried out in two phases from October 17 to 26 and from October 28 to November 6,\" said Captain Saniv Kapur. The expedition aims at developing leadership qualities in the cadets and an ability to maneuver challenging terrain.EomAjmer: Girls cadets that came from different parts on Saturday morning climbed the Naga Hills in Pushkar and showed their confidence. Girls faced hard route through out the foothills and cheered on reaching the peak of the mountain. These girls came here to participate in the national expiation camp and belong to all three wings of Army, navy and Air force and filled with energy and enthused to go on the difficult track of Aravalis.A quarter guard camps has been set up in Kayar Visharmsthali for these girls and facilities are provided for their long stay and their food, \"There are various facilities provided with canteen, MI room so that cadets could have their medical\" said trek manager Colonel Ishwinder Singh Sehdeva, VSM group commander of Udaipur.Looking to the safety of these girls, a team of Lt Colonel Rohit Yadav, A K Singh and Tej Singh Ghangas are made that will final the route from where these cadets will move upwards on the dangerous hills of Aravalis. \"What important in this part is to prepare tracking schedule for these cadets, a direction has been issued to women NCC officials for the care of these girls while on tracking\" added Sehdeva.The day started early in the camp and girls went to strengthening exercise and long march past, \"that will prepare these girls in increasing stamina and will able to face the obstacles on the route to trekking\" said an official.Beside the expedition and hard work, the camp will went fruitful to share the cultural activities and to get first hand knowledge of folk dance and songs of every unique state of India, \"On first day I became friend of a girl that came from Karnataka and happy to know about her place\" said a girl from Rajasthan. A garba raas was organized for these girls in cultural evening on the eve of Navratra. Cadets of Gujarat showed their cultural folk on this occasion.Girls' cadets on Thursday afternoon went out for endeavor marching for four kilometers, \"This expiation is organized in two phases in which is from 17 to 26 October and the other will go from 28 to 6 of November\" said Captain Saniv Kapur. Officials maintain that this event will certainly develop ability in girls to stand in harsh conditions and overcome obstacles and also work as team with leadership qualities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16897531", "title": "Tech schools in Mangalore focus on soft skills", "text": "MANGALORE: Students of undivided Dakshina Kannada district are known for performing well in academics, but they seem to remain on the weaker side when it comes to cracking interviews during campus selection.Realizing the need for equipping students for interviews, a few technical institutions have started training programmes to hone their soft skills.One among them is the - Ananth Prabhu and Raghav Shetty, to give interview skills training to technical course students. While 500 students joined CITS in 2010, it witnessed a four-fold increase in 2011 when 2,000 students sought admission. This year, more than 3,000 students are undergoing training.CITS cofounder Ananth Prabhu told STOI that most of the engineering students, who have scored good marks in examinations, are failing in interviews due to lack of soft skills like communication and reasoning ability skills.\"Students also lack technical skills due to gap between academic syllabus and technology used in companies. Companies recruit students who have good knowledge about technical skills practised presently in industries,\" he added. Shree Devi Institute of Technology (SDIT) principal KE Prakash says last year in SDIT, 35 per cent of the engineering students failed in campus interview.\"Representatives of companies after interview told us that even students who failed in interview has good technical skills, but lack soft skills. Most students who perform poorly in campus interviews are from rural areas. From last year, we started conducting skill development programmes to help students crack interview,\" said Prakash. The skill development programme initiated by Srinivas Institute of Technology to groom students two years ago is also receiving good response.\"We are seeing 100 per cent placement of students from our college during campus interviews. Earlier, it was only 60 per cent,\" SIT principal Srinivas Mayya said. Since many students are not performing well in interviews, Bearys Institute of Technology (BIT) recently conducted a 10-day soft skill development programme to its students.BIT principal Chaithanya Kumar said last year, during a recruitment programme conducted by two companies, only six out of 50 BIT students were selected.\"Companies look for students, who can work in a team, but many lack the required skills and there is a need for personality development. From next year, we are planning to conduct personality development programme for students once in a month by inviting human resource management experts from various industries,\" Chaithanya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897363", "title": "Ceramic ideal for joint replacement in youngsters, says expert", "text": "NAGPUR: Ceramic has emerged as an extremely efficient material for artificial joints. Research trends show that in the future newer ceramics (non-oxide) will be used for the purpose. Orthopaedic surgeons prefer ceramic joints more for the younger generation compared to the elderly due to its durability.Talking to TOI, Dr CJ Thakkar, a senior orthopaedic surgeon from Mumbai, said that more and more youngsters are being affected by avascular necrosis (AVN) of the hip either due to excessive alcohol consumption or rampant use of steroids during treatment of various diseases. \"This leads to a condition when complete hip replacement is needed,\" he explained.Dr Thakkar said ceramic joints are recommended in younger people due to its durability. \"They have extremely smooth surface, very low friction and more resistance to wear and tear. However, in elderly people, metal or plastic surface joints can also be used as the joint remains in the body for lesser duration,\" he said adding that new ceramic materials like biolx delta have a much longer life.According to Dr Thakkar, who is in city for a two-day annual conference of the Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society (VOS), if AVN patients approach a doctor at very early stages even conservative treatments like bone growing substances like the bisphosphonate in the form of tablets are also useful. \"Core-decompression is another technology that can be used in patents with lesser damage to the joint,\" added Dr Thakkar.Most orthopaedicians propose prevention as the best way to deal with joint pains, especially in the elderly. Modern homes have glossy tiles which can prove dangerous, particularly in washrooms, as older people tend to slip on them, thereby breaking bones and joints. \"Elderly people need to be extremely careful. Whenever they get up in the night, instead of walking directly to the washroom they should sit upright for sometime to gather orientation. They should wear spectacles and always use a walking stick. Men can even use bottles to urinate in the room itself. There is nothing wrong in it,\" said Dr Thakkar.Dr John Mukhopadhya, an expert in fracture management from Patna, stressed need for comprehensive trauma management centres, especially in tertiary care hospitals like medical colleges. \"The field is fast evolving. There are newer implant materials and approaches for using them. Now, one can actually fix the plates and the screws with minimum damage to tissues around the bones,\" he said.However, Dr Mukhopadhya reiterated the need for prevention of trauma caused mainly due to accidents. \"Everyone should know that if a patient reaches the right hospital at the right time, the first hour is also called as golden hour. This is possible if we have well trained paramedical staff and comprehensive team in trauma centres,\" he said.Senior doctor honoured at VOS meetThe two-day 31st annual conference of the Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society was inaugurated on Saturday by Dr John Mukhopadhya from Patna. Dr CJ Thakkar from Mumbai was the guest of honour.Since last year, VOS has started honouring senior doctors at the conference. Dr Satish Kale, senior orthopaedic surgeon was presented with the lifetime achievement award for his contribution to the field. The society has also started a unique initiative of bringing out a scientific journal to encourage younger doctors in academics.Dr Sajal Mitra, head of orthopaedic department at Government Medical College and Hospital and the editor of the journal, called upon the doctors to work more methodically and compile their data for research purposes for publication in the journal.VOS president Dr Pradeep Kukde, secretary Dr Satyajeet Jagtap, Dr Sudhir Soni, chairman of scientific committee of the conference, Dr MR Koichade and Dr Makarand Dhopavkar, organizing chairman and secretary respectively of the conference also spoke on the occasion.The conference was preceded by a workshop. The Dr WB Tayade memorial oration was delivered by Dr Mukhopadhya. Dr Yash Gulhati from Delhi will deliver the Silvoscon, second oration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895616", "title": "CM\u2019s directive to check power theft", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar has directed the energy department to launch a campaign and catch the people involved in power theft and take them to task. He gave this directive on Saturday while reviewing the functioning of the department.Chief secretary A K Sinha after the meeting said that a presentation on restructuring of Bihar State Ellectricity Board ( BSEB) was made before the CM and discussion was held on bifurcation of the board into five companies which will include one each holding, transmission and generation companies and two distribution companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896270", "title": "Balangir jail keeps date with century-old puja", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For the last few days, the Balangir district jail has been abuzz with activities as inmates prepared to celebrate Durga Puja on the jail premises. They decorated the pandal with lights, et al and made Durga embellishments. They will also cook the prasad during the puja.\"Durga puja is being celebrated in the jail since the last 102 years. A puja committee has been formed and secretary and president of the committee are nominated from among the inmates. They look after the puja affairs till immersion,\" said Satyaprakash Swain, the jailer. He also said the jail has its own mandap, which is a permanent structure.The cultural programme during the puja is a big attraction in the jail. \"Among the inmates there are good instrumentalist and musicians. They have good knowledge of colloquial music and music meant for puja rituals. These people organize this programme,\" the jailer said, adding that visitors are allowed a glimpse of the jail mandap during the puja. Though the jail has a corpus fund for all festivities, a separate fund is created by collecting contributions from the inmates for Durga Puja. This, however, is not binding, said the jailer.Coming to Bhubaneswar, the Jharpada special jail authorities have sent a proposal to the IG (prisons) to allow the jail inmates to visit puja pandals. Since the jail doesn't celebrate Durga Puja on the premises, it has proposed that some select inmates exhibiting good conduct be allowed to visit some pandals. \"This is for the first time we have sent a proposal to the IG (prisons) to give us permission to allow selected inmates move out for Durga Puja celebrations,\" said Saroj Kumar Biswal, jailer.The proposal is under examination, said IG (prisons) Shyam Sundar Hansda. \"We will examine the proposal. We usually don't allow the inmates go out, but at times we take such steps as prison reforms measure,\" said the IG.In Choudwar jail, the puja will be a low-key affair. Inmates have not been celebrating the puja for the last three years following demolition of some old structures on the jail premises, including two mandaps,. \"We suspended the puja because of space constraints. This year as per the request of the inmates, we will organize the puja but in a small way. We have sought permission from IG (Prisons),\" said Choudwar jailer Subhakanta Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16898277", "title": "Belated probes against employees unjust: Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a verdict that may have huge implications, especially for government employees, the Punjab and Haryana high court has held that departmental inquiries against employees cannot be permitted at a belated stage and that orders for recovery of money at a belated stage amounts to violation of natural justice.Pronouncing its verdict in a case where Punjab Forest Corporation took action against an employee after 17 years, the HC held, \"It is not expected of any employee to defend an action after the lapse of such a long period because, at this juncture, with passage of time, the employee would not be in possession of relevant material and evidence. It also ordered the department to refund the amount recovered by the department to the appellant.A division bench comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rakesh Jain passed these orders after allowing an appeal by Nirmal Singh, field supervisor, Punjab State Forest Development Corporation.The appellant was working as field supervisor and incharge of Kalanaur depot under project officer, Gurdaspur, in the Forest Development Corporation. In July 1993, there were heavy rains, which caused floods in and around Kiran drain, adjacent to Kalanaur depot, as a result of which lots of wood got swept away in floods. According to the appellant, he immediately reported the matter to higher ups.However, on September 1, 2010, around 17 years after the incident, the department issued an order holding him responsible for the loss of wood and also ordered recovery of Rs 3,76,090 from his salary. He approached the higher authority against the recovery orders but failed to get any relief. Finally, he moved the Punjab and Haryana high court.Hearing the arguments, HC held that recovery of the amount after 17 years is highly belated and amounts to violation of the principle of natural justice because at this juncture, the employee would not be in possession of relevant material and evidence.The bench also observed, \"No doubt, it is incumbent on the delinquent employee to show that prejudice has been caused because of the delay. But the recovery is taking place after a lapse of 17 years and having regard to the alleged nature of lapse, we find prejudice writ large on the face of it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900028", "title": "Diana Rigg is kind of my favourite Bond girl, says Daniel Craig", "text": "Daniel Craig has revealed that his favourite Bond girl is Diana Rigg .The former 'Avengers' star starred in 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' with George Lazenby as James Bond.The 1969 film is regarded as the least favoured of the franchise, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary with the release of 'Skyfall' on Tuesday.Craig placed the 74-year-old ahead of hot favourite Ursula Andress who appeared opposite Sean Connery in the first Bond film 'Dr No'.\"Diana Rigg is kind of my favourite,\" the Daily Express quoted her as saying.\"She's just great in that movie, she stands out for me,\" he said.Rigg became the first actress to marry James Bond on screen although she was killed by 007's arch enemy Blofeld.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "16895533", "title": "Two die of suspected dengue in Samastipur", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: Suspected dengue has claimed two lives in Samastipur district while a large number of people are suffering from the dreaded disease.According to reports, Sabbir Hussain, 22, of Mathurapur and Arun Kumar Singh, an employee of Samastipur collectorate, have died of suspected dengue. Arun, the DM's driver, was taken to PMCH where his condition deteriorated and he breathed his last.A meeting was held under the presidentship of DM Kundan Kumar to condole his death. Sabbir died at a private hospital in the state capital.Areas in the grip of suspected dengue include many localities of Samastipur town besides Warisnagar block. At Mathurapur under Warisnagar block, 15 persons, all members of a family of varying age groups are suffering from dengue, said Dr A K Aditya.Sadar Hospital, Samastipur, and other health centers have been ill-equipped to diagnose the disease, let alone treating it. Civil Surgeon Dr A K Choudhary said the district administration was gearing up to combat the disease. So far, the health department officials have denied the spread of dengue in the district.Red Ribbon Express: The Red Ribbon Express arrived at the Samastipur railway station on Saturday to generate awareness among the people about HIV+ and AIDS. The train will stay here till Sunday. Samastipur DM Kundan Kumar inaugurated the Red Ribbon Express exhibition. DRM Arun Mullick presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "16900529", "title": "Pakistan XI beat World XI by 84 runs", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan All Star XI demolished International World XI by 84 runs in a Twenty20 exhibition match at the National Stadium that marked the return of international cricket in the country after a hiatus of more than three years.Riding on quick-fire knocks from Umar Akmal (67), and Shahzaib Hasan (54) and a belligerent 29 from Imran Nazir , Pakistan XI scored a mammoth 222 for seven on Saturday.To make matters worse for the World XI, young pacer Tabish Khan cut through the middle-order with a hat-trick to leave the visitors in tatters as they eventually could manage a meagre 138 for 8.World XI were never in the hunt once they lost their opener and skipper Sanath Jayasuriya in the first over.But what was significant about the match was that it was played competitively and in good spirits in front of a capacity 32,000 crowd.\"The biggest relief for us is that the crowd was so disciplined and the maximum security arrangements put in place for the match also worked well,\" chief organiser, Dr Mohammad Ali Shah said.\"We still have another match to go and once that also passes off smoothly we can easily say that it is time the Test playing nations now think about playing in Pakistan,\" he said.Interestingly, no official of the Pakistan Cricket Board flew down to Karachi for the match, the first international event of sorts in the country in more than three years time.Pakistan has been a no-go area for international athletes since March 2009 when militants attacked the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore.Former South African pacer Andre Nel said he was happy to be a part of the process which should eventually bring international cricket back to Pakistan.\"We were very relaxed out in the field and we had no fears of any sort. Seeing such a big and enthusiastic crowd only made the occasion more memorable for us.\"I don't see major security concerns here. The people have been warm and we are being looked after very well,\" said Nel, who played 36 Tests and 79 ODIs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896799", "title": "Another man held for Defence Colony heist", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the three main accused in the Rs 5.25-crore Defence Colony heist, Ranjeet alias Rumal, was arrested from a suburb in Kolkata on Saturday evening. Ranjeet, who had worked as a police informer, had been hiding at a relative's house in the area since the biggest robbery case in the city on September 28, said sources.The two other accused, Hari Kishan Sharma and his brother Deepak, are already in police custody. So far, 12 people have been arrested.Ranjeet, from Mehrauli, was wanted and on trial in several cases. He allegedly planned to leave the risky job of an informer and settle out of Delhi with his share of cash.Police said Ranjeet had played a major role in conducting a recce of the ICICI Bank branch in Hauz Khas from where the cash was uploaded in the van. Ranjeet, along with Mukesh who had arranged for an insider, Umesh, a former employee of the vault management company that transports the cash of the branch, used to sit at the tea shop outside the bank and keep an eye on the cash movements. If asked about their presence, Umesh used to flash his old ID card and told the guards that he had come to meet the manager for jobs in the branch, said sources.\"As the guards knew Umesh, they did not say anything. The duo did a recce for 10 days and finally struck on September 28,\" said the source.Ranjeet had tried to escape on Saturday after he got to know that a Delhi Police team had reached the area. \"But the building where he was hiding was surrounded by a special staff team of South district police led by inspector Aishveer Singh and he was caught,\" said the source. Cops have also recovered a large amount of the looted cash from him.The team is returning to Delhi with Ranjeet.The heist took place around 1.19pm on September 28 near a petrol pump in D-15, Defence Colony, when the accused had fled with the Maruti Eeco carrying Rs 5.25 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16900017", "title": "Only 27% of engineering students have skills in eligibility test", "text": "MADURAI: Only 27 per cent of engineering students have required skills in the eligibility test for government services in Tamil Nadu and other states, according to Chandrayan Project director Mylsamy Annadurai.\"This should be taken as a wake up call to improve the standard and quality of education. Distance education also should become a platform for innovation,\" he said, addressing the Madurai Kamaraj University convocation here yesterday.Edcuation Minister P Palaniappan said efforts are on to increase the gross enrolment ratio from 18 to 25 per cent by 2025. Government was taking efforts to improve higher education , he said, adding Rs 100 crore has been allocated for infrastructure development in government colleges.Government was also supporting initiatives to support automomy in educational institutions and has allocated Rs 16.5core to 10 universities to set up curriculum development centre and smart classrooms. This year 35 institutions, including arts colleges, polytechnic and engineering colleges had been started.A total of 138 students were awarded P.hd and 72 given prizes and medals for their academic achievements by Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16897934", "title": "Dahisar police\u2019s unique Navratri greeting cards advise caution", "text": "MUMBAI: Mixing a dash of awareness with festive fervour, the Dahisar police have distributed unique Navratri cards in housing societies, offering tips on preventing chain-snatchings and staying wary of bogus policemen. More than 500 greeting cards have been sent across to chairpersons of various societies in Dahisar East.\"We have appealed to these chairpersons to pass the card around during society meetings and discuss with residents how street crime can be prevented . Women usually step out with a lot of jewellery during festivals. Certain ornaments such as mangalsutras hold immense emotional value for women, apart from its monetary worth. The numerous tips listed on the cards can help them stay alert,\" said Ansar Pirzade, senior inspector, Dahisar police station.Another issue which the cops aim to create awareness about is the menace of bogus policemen. \"This type of offenders usually target senior citizens as they are vulnerable. The modus operandi used is almost always the same. The accused convinces the elderly woman that the neighbourhood is crimeprone and she needs to put away her ornaments safely in her purse, instead of wearing them. While the woman attempts to put her valuables away, the accused steals them. Our cards also carry illustrations of such instances,\" an official said.The cards have been in circulation since Navratri began and the response is already overwhelming, officials said. \"Some of the residents told us that Diwali cards are common but the concept of a Navratri card is unique. At a later stage, we intend to plaster similar cards at railway stations, schools, financial institutions etc to drive the point home,\" said Pirzade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900855", "title": "Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel splash 4m pounds on Italian wedding", "text": "Justin Timberlake and his fiancee Jessica Biel's super secret wedding in Italy cost more than 4 million pounds, according to reports.The 31-year-old singer wanted to keep his marriage to Biel such a hush-hush affair that he had blinding spotlights turned on people, who were hanging around Jthe church.\"Powerful lights were focused away from the church to keep prying eyes away. There were also masses of security guards outside the venue,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.The celebrity couple got hitched in a moonlit ceremony on the grounds of the Borgo Egnazia resort in Puglia, southern Italy, in front of 80 guests.The couple even had a special staircase built next to the ancient church, so that the 30-year-old actress could make a grand entrance.At a lavish pre-wedding bash the guests dined at a beachfront resort, listened to classic tracks including Marvin Gaye's 'Let's Get It On' and were treated to a dazzling ten-minute firework display.Wedding guests included rapper Timbaland , funnyman Andy Samberg , and Justin's old 'N SYNC pals Chris Kirkpatrick , Lance Bass , Joey Fatone and JC Chasez.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897360", "title": "Prakash Pohare, accused in other crimes still elusive", "text": "NAGPUR: Cops from both city and rural wing have been kept on their toes as several accused, including owner and editor-in-chief of Marathi daily 'Deshonnati' Prakash Pohare, wanted in different cases are still at large despite desperate search operations. Failure to nab these accused has left many crucial cases undetected.Kalmeshwar police had booked Pohare and others for the alleged murder of security guard Rajendra Dupare on October 13. Six arrests were made in the case but Pohare has so far managed to remain elusive.Cops have intensified search for Pohare after the sessions court rejected his anticipatory bail plea earlier this week. Media bodies like Nagpur Union of Working Journalists, which took out a morcha on Saturday, are demanding immediate arrest of Pohare. Meanwhile, Bharatiya Republican Party Bahujan Mahasangh (BRP-BMS) chief and Ambedkarite leader Prakash Ambedkar on Saturday visited the residence of Dupare at Sonba Nagar and consoled the family members and also assured help.Much like their city counterparts, rural police, too, is clueless in the murder case of a bank manager which was registered last year at Hingna police station. The murder case of an official of Khaparkheda Thermal Power Station earlier this year has also kept the cops guessing.City police also has no whereabouts of mastermind Sanjay Avtare who allegedly played the key role in the elimination of BJP worker and civic body member Akash Panchbhai on September 27. Hudkeshwar police have nabbed seven people, including two on Saturday, in this case but Avtare continued to hoodwink cops. Sanjay Sahu, an externee, has been nabbed along with Avtare's brother-in-law Damodar Raut for their alleged role in killing Panchbhai.Though Hudkeshwar police have nabbed the masterminds behind murder of Sarafa trader Vijay Thaokar earlier this month at Kankhoje Nagar, the Andhra Pradesh-based shooters are still absconding.Similarly, Ganeshpeth police are clueless about Balya Mane who had jumped parole after coming out of jail on the pretext of attending his mother's cardiac surgery. Mane was convicted in a murder case and had been serving a life imprisonment in the central jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16897550", "title": "Sullia gets good spell of rain", "text": "MANGALORE: Ajjavara in Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded the maximum rainfall of 51mm in the last 24 hours in Karnataka up to 8.30am on Saturday.Rainfall over the state during this period is considered as isolated since 23% of the hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Rainfall was widespread in three districts, fairly widespread in four, scattered in six, isolated in three, and negligible in 14. South-west monsoon was normal in 11 districts, and weak in 19 districts. Rather heavy rain was recorded in one district; moderate rain in 14, light rain in one, very light rain in nine and no rain in five. Widespread, moderate rain was received in Bangalore Rural/Urban and Kolar districts; fairly widespread, moderate rain in Kodagu, Ramanagaram, Hassan and Mandya.Scattered, moderate to rather rain received in Chikkaballapura, Dakshina Kannada, Chamarajanagar, Chikmagalur, Tumkur and Mysore; isolated, light to moderate rain received in Gulbarga, Belgaum and Chitradurga. Dry weather condition prevailed in the remaining parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901114", "title": "Shooting of childbirth wasn't for money: Swetha Menon", "text": "Southern babe Swetha Menon , who allowed the crew members of her upcoming Malayalam movie Kalimannu to shoot the delivery of her baby in a Mumbai hospital recently, says there was no commercial motive behind the decision.\"The story is about the difficulties a woman undergoes in the various phases of her life. Since childbirth is an important and inevitable part of a woman's life, I gave permission to record the process,\" she says.Shwetha, who's acted in Tamil films including Nan Avan Illai 2, says that director Blessy shot in the labour ward using three cameras. \"My husband Srivalsan was with me throughout the process, His presence gave me a lot of energy. I would like to say that the pain a woman undergoes at delivery time is the hardest she faces in life,\" she adds.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895601", "title": "Bihar Human Rights Commission summons Katihar DM", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Human Rights Commission (BHRC) has summoned DM, Katihar, in the case of a Class VII student of Kasturba Gandhi Kanya Vidyalaya, Katihar, Pooja Kumari, who was externed from the school because her father allegedly did not pay Rs 3,000 bribe to the school headmaster and teacher for enrolment of his second daughter, Arti Kumari, in Class V.Shankar Sah of village Chakman under Mansahi police station in Katihar district brought the matter to the state human rights commission. Sah, in his complaint to the commission, said not only his elder daughter Pooja was externed from the school but the uniform provided to her by the state government was also taken away. The headmaster and teacher even withdrew money from Pooja's account and misappropriated it, Sah alleged.Sah alleged that Pooja was externed from the school without giving any reason. She was not given even the school leaving certificate (SLC). The teacher concerned has been harassing Pooja's mother by calling her at different places, Sah told the commission. Member, BHRC, Neelmani said, \"The commission, in view of the gravity of the allegations, directed DM, Katihar, on February 16 this year to get the allegations inquired into by an officer not below the rank of subdivisional magistrate and send the report to the commission within four weeks. However, the DM did not respond.\"Neelmani said the DM was sent reminders four times thereafter in April, May, July and September but in vain. In the last reminder on September 9, the commission directed the DM that if he failed to send the report by September 30, the commission would direct him for personal appearance. Neelmani said as communications from the commission failed to evoke any response from the DM side, he has been directed to appear before the commission on November 16. However, if the DM concerned sends the report by November 14, personal appearance of the DM would not be necessary.The commission directed DM,on February 16 this year to get the allegations inquired into by an officer not below the rank of subdivisional magistrate and send the report within four weeks. However, the DM did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895824", "title": "Water Board holds survey to save lakes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has taken up a survey to identify encroachments at the full tank level (FTL) of the Osmansagar and Himyathsagar lakes.In what is a maiden exercise, Water Board has taken up the survey in collaboration with the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA)'s urban forestry wing and the revenue department to identify encroachments which are hindering inflows into the two reservoirs, which have been the primary drinking water sources for the twin cities for decades.\"We have taken up a topography survey to identify boundaries. Although FTL markers (stones) were put in place in the two reservoirs, these were violated as a consequence of the rapid construction activity. In fact, there is prohibition on construction of buildings within 10km radius of the FTL,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told STOI.The HMWS&SB; has decided to put in place fresh FTL boundary stones and will also put together a surveillance squad comprising staff from the Water Board, HMDA, revenue department and police, to protect the reservoirs from encroachment and pollution. The Water Board has listed 84 villages which lie on the shore area of these reservoirs. \"Our aim is to protect and preserve the twin lakes,\" the Water Board official said.The survey, it is learnt, would take about two months to complete. \"Once the survey is completed, we will link it to the geographical information system (GIS) and then fix FTL stones again after identifying encroachments,\" he added.\"In case encroachments are found within FTL boundaries, we will demolish the same after issuing notices to the occupants. Also, field officers have been instructed to issue notices to individuals/ farms/ companies to pull down any illegal structures which they might have constructed on the raw water channels,\" the official said. Of the 84 villages surrounding the reservoirs, Water Board officials have found 17 such standing on the shore area which, they said, were the prime factor behind the pollution of these water bodies. \"We found that these villages were releasing 500 to 1,000 kilo litres per day (KLD) of polluted water into the lakes,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16897960", "title": "Fund crunch may hit cleaning drive", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: The city corporation's move to tie up with the district administration in curbing the spread of epidemics might land the civic body in deep financial crisis. Two days back the corporation had decided to deploy 5,000 volunteers in all the wards in the wake of dengue outbreak. However, senior officials of the corporation are wondering as to how the civic body is going to source the funds. The corporation is already drained off funds after it completed the pre-monsoon cleaning drive. \"Even that drive was conducted on a small budget. We got Rs 15,000 from NRHM and another Rs 10,000 was raised by corporation for each ward. All that money is already spent. Now, considering the present situation, the cleaning drive would need a huge budget,\" said a corporation official.Health standing committe chairperson S Pushpalatha also admitted that the corporation was embarking on the project with a zero budget. \"The volunteers need to be paid daily. We have only three JCBs and that wouldn't cater to all the wards. We would need to rent more JCBs which would mean more money. The estimated garbage in the city is 1 lakh tonne. Cleaning up this mess would certainly require huge money,\" said Pushpalatha.As part of the scheme, all major drainages will have to be cleared. The colonies which often function as breeding ground for many diseases have to be cleaned. \"We thought that the government would sponsor the corporation in the cleaning drive. But, all of a sudden it has become the sole responsibility of the corporation. Now, we are planning to prepare a project proposal citing the budget requirements to the government without which the drive cannot be commenced,\" she added.Finding the volunteers will be the next challenge. Even during the pre-monsoon cleaning drive, the corporation had to hunt for workers as many of them left the work midway after the civic body failed to pay them regularly. \"We have to pay them and also we have to procure the necessary equipment. Every ward would need a minimum of Rs 50,000 for the cleaning drive. We will prioritize certain wards where urgent care is required. But as of now, the project cannot take off till it is backed by enough funds,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16897361", "title": "Builder's bid to usurp public road land foiled", "text": "YAVATMAL: Sub-divisional officer Milind Shegaonkar on Friday ordered the tehsildar to immediately demolish the illegally erected permanent decorative arch, gate and wall fence from the DP Road passing along the boundary of Samadhan Nagar layout at village Bhosa. The work was approved by the additional collector in 2000.Satish Narharshettiwar of Wardha, said to be the proprietor of Narharshettiwar Builder and Land Developers, had given advertisements in print and electronic media in the region which attracted many investors. He reportedly got the plots booked in fake layout 'Gajanan Nagari'. He had deployed unemployed youths for marketing and amassed crores of rupees as booking amount in the non-existing layout.Narharshettiwar had submitted an application to Yavatmal SDO through four persons, perhaps the real owners of the land admeasuring 5.89 hectares, for getting non-agriculture permission. But the SDO rejected the application on June 11 vide order number 52/N.A.P./34/2011-12. Despite this, the investors were cheated.The builder had encroached on a DP road of 15 metres left out by the owner of an adjoining layout owner. He even put up a fabulous entrance arch, a gate and compound fence. He had also laid out pavement tiles on the encroached public road and converted a part of it into a garden.Acting on a complaint received from an alert plot owner, the SDO ordered deputy superintendent of land records to conduct spot investigation and report back to him. A K Chavan of the department visited the spot and submitted in his report that the builder had encroached on the DP Road. He also confirmed the illegal constructions.Shegaonkar said he had directed tehsildar Arvind Bhagat to get the illegal structures demolished and clear the road of the possession of the builder for public utility.District collector Ashwin Mudgal said a probe would be ordered into illegal activities of the real estate mafias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16897088", "title": "Court complex work at slow pace", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Following complaints about the slow pace at which the work of the multi storey bicentenary memorial court complex at the district court is progressing, the public works department officials have held a meeting with the contractor who is in charge. The work, which had begun in 2011, is supposed to be completed in 2013.\"We don't think the work will be completed even in 2014 if construction works are progressing at the present speed,\" said secretary of the Calicut Bar Association A E Mathew.An assistant engineer with the building special wing of the PWD said the delay was due to the space constraints to store construction materials. \"We have already held a discussion with the contractor. He has agreed to speed up the work and complete it at the earliest,\" said the official.The multistorey building at the district court complex was planned to mark the occasion of the bicentenary of the Kozhikode bar in 2004. Though the proposal prepared by the PWD had received the approval of the high court, it took more than seven years to begin the construction work.With the completion of the complex, all the courts scattered in various parts of the city will come under one roof. At present, the court of the vigilance and inquiry commissioner and special judge, family court and Marad special court are functioning in rented buildings at various parts of the city.The Rs 15-crore five-storey building can accommodate half dozen of courts. Besides, the 8,404 square metre building will have record rooms, visitors' room, judges' chambers and parking area in the basement. 'There is also a parking space where 25 four wheelers can be parked simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16897820", "title": "Korgao mining probe begins", "text": "MAPUSA: DySP Sammy Tavares on Friday commenced the probe in the alleged Korgao illegal mining case, by visiting the mine in Bhiadwada, Korgao, and conducting a panchanama there. He was assisted by officials of the mines department, talathi from the survey department, and officials from the panchayat.The crime branch had a few days ago registered an FIR against former Congress MLA Jitendra Deshprabhu and other mines department officials in the case. Sources told STOI that the mines department submitted all the confidential documents and photographic evidence to Tavares for the probe.According to sources, Tavares raised questions about officers from the mining department who had inspected the site with former mines director Arvind Lolienkar. He questioned why a complaint was not filed after the inspection. TOI was also told that the file pertaining to the Jitendra Desprabhu mining case is still missing from the department.The hearing in the anticipatory bail application by Jitendra Deshprabhu and former mines director Arvind Lolienkar, has been scheduled on October 23 by the district and sessions court at Panaji. Tavares was landed with the probe after director general of police (DGP) Kishen Kumar questioned how DySP Nilu Raut Dessai could investigate the alleged illegal mining when his batchmate is one of the accused.Dessai has registered the FIR against Jitendra Deshprabhu, former crime branch DySP Chandrakant Salgaonkar, former director of mines Arvind Loliyekar, and senior assistant geologist Hector Fernandes, for the alleged illegal mining case at Korgao. Deshprabhu is alleged to have illegally extracted, transported, stored and exported ore from his property at Korgao in Pernem taluka, causing an estimated loss of 50 crore to the state exchequer.Then, acting on a complaint by director of mines Prasanna Acharya , the crime branch registered a case against Shripad Korgaonkar for attempting to cheat the state and central governments by providing forged documents to renew the mining lease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "the news report, \"raheja versus raheja", "code": "16896072", "title": "Clarification: \u2018Report based on affidavit\u2019", "text": "The news report, \"Raheja versus Raheja: Son says father swayed by Brahma Kumari\", contains serious allegations concerning one of our teachers which I would like to refute. The claim that Gopal Raheja planned to \"marry a Brahma Kumari half his age\" is completely untrue. It is also untrue that Mr Raheja donated a house either to the sister or to the organization. The relationship between the sister, who has in any case lived in Mt Abu during the past one year, and Mr Raheja was always entirely proper, as one between a person giving spiritual guidance and another receiving it. It seems that the sister's name and the Brahma Kumaris' work have been dragged into a family dispute for commercial reasons.Rajyogi Brahmakumar Nikunj | Brahmakumaris Media &amp; Public Relations Services (Mumbai)Reporter's reply:The report was based only on the contents of an affidavit submitted in the Bombay high court in the legal case between Gopal Raheja and his son, Sandeep. TOI refrained from naming the particular sister although she was named in the court documents. Raheja Sr, too, has been quoted, where he makes it clear that the connection with the Brahma Kumari was only for spiritual guidance and that she went back to Mt Abu last year itself.The news was about a legal battle being fought between members of a prominent city family and there was no intention of hurting the sentiments of Brahma Kumaris in general or of any individual in particular. We are aware of the organization's social &amp; charitable work and its bearing on larger public good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16899335", "title": "Himachal poll: EC to keep strict vigil to check flow of money", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the wake of confiscation of over Rs 40 lakh of ill-gotten money from various parts of election-bound Himachal Pradesh, the Election Commission is keeping a strict vigil across the inter-state borders, especially with Punjab, during the November 4 assembly polls.To curb misuse of money power during elections, the EC has identified at least five assembly constituencies, including Una, Haroli, Solan, out of a total of 68 where expenditure observers will monitor if money power is used.The EC has appointed as many as 28 expenditure observers in the hill state, where electioneering will peak after the last date for withdrawal of nominations on October 20.Incidentally, the expenditure observers are more than the 26 general observers and one police observer appointed by the Commission to ensure smooth, free and fair elections and to monitor the law and order situation during the polls.\"Fearing the flow of money into Himachal Pradesh from Punjab, we will keep a strict vigil in areas bordering Punjab and will monitor the situation,\" a top EC official said.Sources said the commission has confiscated Rs 24 lakh from Kangra district alone and a total of Rs 40 lakh from across the state in the last few days, with people carrying the money failing to provide evidence on the source of money.The commission has also appointed two expenditure observers in Bharmour assembly constituency of Chamba district and one each in Lahaul and Spiti and Kinnaur constituencies due to geographical reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16900772", "title": "A pair of jeans now to help save the environment", "text": "LONDON: Eureka! You could do your bit to save the environment by simply wearing a pair of jeans.Researchers have come up with 'super cleaner' denims that work the same way as catalytic converters in cars.The catalytic jeans were conceived by Professor Tony Ryan and fashion designer Helen Storey, who discovered that when denim is covered with tiny particles of a mineral called titanium dioxide, it reacts with air and light to break down harmful emissions in the air.The pollutants - produced by traffic and factories - are then neutralised and simply washed away when the garment is laundered.So in theory , jeans wearers of the future could help to clean the dirty air around them simply by walking about in their favourite pair.With toxic emissions killing an estimated 1.3 million people a year worldwide, the resulting improvement in air quality could significantly reduce deaths and respiratory illnesses such as asthma.Storey, of the London College of Fashion, renowned for dressing stars such as Madonna and Cher , \"re-discovered science\" after meeting Ryan, from Sheffield University.The pair started working on a green science and fashion collaboration called Wonderland, which developed into Catalytic Clothing.Their eureka moment came when they realised that microscopic particles of titanium oxide, which is contained in glass, paving stones and sun cream, worked as a pollution-buster when sprayed on clothes.They found that the particles were able to grip on to the millions of fibres in the material and had a greater effect due to the constant movement of the fabric while being worn.This is because titanium oxide needs light and airflow to catalyse and turn noxious gases into harmless, water-soluble nitrates.\"It seemed to be particularly effective on denim jeans and then we realised there were more denim jeans on the planet than people, the Independent quoted Storey as saying.\"So even if we could only get it to work on denim we could achieve quite a lot in terms of what the technology could do for the world,\" Storey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "st simons island", "code": "16900645", "title": "Arjun Atwal drops to third at McGladrey Classic on PGA Tour", "text": "ST SIMONS ISLAND: After dropping just one bogey in 36 holes, Arjun Atwal gave away no less than three in the third round to slip to tied third position from top at the McGladrey Classic golf tournament.He finished with a card of one-under 69 with one more day to go in the event.Atwal, who needs to win or finish second to get back his PGA Tour card for 2013, is now 11-under and two shots behind joint leaders, Jim Furyk and Davis Love III . Atwal shot 67 and 63 in the first two rounds.Daniel Chopra , who also made the cut, shot 66 in the third round. He had 68 and 69 on the first two days. Now at seven-under he is tied 19th up from 40th overnight.Atwal bogeyed the fourth but quickly got back the dropped shot with a birdie on fifth. He went into red figures with a birdie on ninth but then bogeys on 10th and 14th saw him go over par.Birdies on 15th and 16th brought Atwal under par once again but he was down to tied third after being in lead overnight.Chopra birdied at sixth, seventh and eighth and then again the 16th and 17th. He bogeyed the 15th.Furyk put together three solid days in the McGladrey Classic and ran off four early birdies yesterday to shoot four-under 66 and take a share of the lead with his Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III.Love has played every week since the Ryder Cup, and the 48-year-old tournament host was at his best on a gorgeous afternoon at Sea Island.With birdies on both the par 5s and a 15-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole, he matched Furyk with a 66 and joined him in the lead at 13-under 197.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897930", "title": "Govt clears Rs 6cr Haj House at Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has accorded administrative sanction worth Rs 6.11 crore for construction of a Haj House at Bhopal. Capital project administration (CPA) has been appointed the nodal agency for carrying out constructions.The Haj House will be constructed on 1.50 acre land at Singarcholi village on Airport Road. The first installment of Rs 1 crore for the project has already been released. The design has been finalised after selection of architect said an official release.The state government has also demanded central share worth Rs 1.50 crore from the Central Haj Committee.On the instructions of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , land for construction of Haj House at Indore has been selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896342", "title": "Aphro Trust MD was planning new business", "text": "CHENNAI: Aphro Trust managing director I P Yesudoss, who is in police custody, has told his interrogators that he had bought several pieces of land in the city suburbs and was planning to start a business with the money he had collected from prospective investors.Central crime branch sleuths on Friday got custody of Yesudoss for seven days and took them to an undisclosed location for grilling. The investigators have to produce him before a court on October 25.A police officer, who is part of the investigation team, said, \"Yesudoss had planned to venture into a new business soon with the money he had cheated off several people. His plans were foiled as we froze his bank accounts which has more than 6 crore.\"A police team led by the inspector S Kumaran nabbed Yesudoss and his accomplice S Devi from a hideout at a hotel in Bangalore on October 12.Investigating officers also plan to arrest Yesudoss and his accomplices in three fresh cases based on the complaints lodged by thousands of people.According to police, Yesudoss, managing director of the Aphro Trust, had cheated several people promising to get them education loans and business loans of about 2.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16897119", "title": "Students make Chennai temple replica at Tokobari", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a time when Durga Puja committees are hiring renowned sculptors to construct puja pandals, the Tokobari Barowari Durga Puja organizing committee of Guwahati has engaged students of the Government College of Art &amp; Craft to construct a replica of the Mahishasura Mardini Temple of Chennai.The organizers of Tokobari Barowari Durga Puja have given an opportunity to the students of the college to use their craftsmanship this year. \"We feel happy and proud to inspire young students. The students have the chance to showcase their talent this Durga Puja to the thousands of visitors and devotees, who throng the Tokobari Barowari Durga Puja every year. We have engaged students of the college rather than renowned craftsmen as students need exposure to excel in their career,\" said Sanjib Kalita, an organizer of the committee. With 90 feet width and 32 feet height, the replica of the famous Mahishasura Mardini Temple here in the city has become a great attraction for the visitors. Kalita said the organizers have decided to promote local craftsmen and products in the ongoing Durga Puja.\"Apart from promoting the students as craftsmen, we have installed bamboo baskets with lights in it in the puja pandal to draw attention of the viewers towards bamboo, which is produced in plenty in Assam ,\" Kalita added.The organizing committee will pay the students in cash for their work. Out of the Rs8 lakh budget, the replica of the temple made of bamboo, jute sack and plaster-of-Paris cost Rs3.5 lakh.\"We have done our best to construct the replica. We started the construction of the Mahishasura Mardini Temple three months back. We are grateful to the organizers for giving us the opportunity to construct the replica,\" said a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897750", "title": "That unhealthy feeling", "text": "The 25-bedded primary health centre (PHC) at Sanguem caters to a population of over 40,000 spread across remote villages of the taluka; but, the public healthcare facilities provided are largely underutilized.Reason: The services provided have failed to inspire confidence, resulting in people flocking to private practitioners, despite the area being dominated by rural poor.Analyzing the causes for PHC's underutilization, Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai pointed out the growing sense of distrust between the PHC and the public and underscored the need to bridge the chasm with an \"attitudinal shift\" by both.\"There is no doubt that there needs to be improvement in the healthcare services provided at the PHC. There's also a demand for a new building to house the health centre. But, people should realize that they should first place their faith and trust in the doctors and staff at the PHC and utilize the existing facilities well, so that the demand for a new building can be justified. While the people need to change their outlook towards the PHC, the doctors and nurses should also be more considerate while dealing with patients,\" Phaldesai told TOI.The reason for the lack of mutual trust is not hard to find. The Sanguem PHC has been in the news on and off for all the wrong reasons. Protests and agitations by locals alleging negligence by the doctors or the nurses have been quite common. Faced with such an aggressive attitude by locals, the doctors, at times, tend to be extra cautious while dealing with certain cases and refer them to the referral hospitals. Locals complain that even patients suffering from minor ailments are referred to either the community health centre (CHC) at Curchorem or the Hospicio hospital in Margao.Dr Uday Kakodkar, in-charge of the PHC, refuted the allegations. \"It's not true. Whatever primary treatment is necessary for patients is provided at the PHC. If we think the patient needs advanced treatment, for which the PHC doesn't have the facilities, we send them to the first referral, the CHC, or to the district hospital,\" Kakodkar explained.Housed in an imposing heritage structure dating back to the Portuguese period, the PHC needs to undergo periodic repairs which are duly carried out by the PWD. A new wing was recently added which now houses the administrative block. But complaints of leaking roofs and damp walls during the monsoon are a regular feature, thus subjecting the patients to discomfort, sources said.Health minister, Laxmikant Parsekar, during his visit to the PHC recently, was apprised by Phaldesai of the need for appointment of more doctors, particularly a full-time gynaecologist, at the centre. Currently, a visiting gynaecologist attached to the Hospicio hospital, Margao, attends to patients, twice a week. The post of the health officer has been lying vacant too for the last three months-Kakodkar, a medical officer, has been holding charge of the post since.Though an X-ray machine was installed at the PHC recently, the technician attached to the Curchorem CHC is available here only twice a week. And as the X-rays are sent to the radiologist at the Hospicio hospital at Margao for his diagnostic observations, it takes over a week for patients to get their reports.Sources said the PHC sees cases of snake bite victims often along with road accident victims and those who attempt to commit suicide.\"As such cases require emergency treatment, and considering that this PHC caters to remote and far flung areas of Sanguem taluka, it is imperative that the diagnostic and treatment facilities at this primary healthcare unit are adequately upgraded,\" Manohar Naik, a businessman from Sanguem said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "16898169", "title": "Class 8 girl blackmailed, gang-raped in Bathinda", "text": "BATHINDA: A 14-year-old girl was allegedly blackmailed, abducted and gang-raped repeatedly by six persons for the past one week at Bhakta Bhaika village in Bathinda.The girl's ordeal came to light on Saturday when she revealed the matter to her parents, who approached the police with a complaint. The girl has been admitted to Bathinda civil hospital.Police registered a case and booked the six accused - Manjeet Singh, Harbans Singh, Mithu Singh, Gurpreet Singh, Gurtej Singh and Kala Singh - for rape, blackmailing and other sections of IPC. All the suspects are on the run. According to the complaint, the girl, a class VIII student, was on her way to deliver milk to the houses in the village on October 9 when Manjeet Singh and Harbans Singh allegedly abducted her and took her nude pictures at an isolated place and let her go.The next day, the duo threatened her that they would circulate the pictures in the village if she did not follow their orders. On October 14, the duo and their four other friends again called her to a room in an isolated building where she was gang-raped.After that, the girl told the police, she was called by the gang several times and she suffered the same ordeal at their hands. Finally, on Saturday, the girl revealed the matter to her parents.Investigation officer Kulwant Singh said a case has been registered against six persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897631", "title": "Prog at Kala Academy in honour of Mathany Saldanha", "text": "To commemorate the 64th birthday of the late Mathany Saldanha, a programme titled 'Remembering Mathany' has been organized by his friends on October 24 at Kala Academy's Dinanath Mangueshkar auditorium, Panaji. The tribute will host a debate on the topic 'Development at what cost?' and will see participation from new Goan MLAs, including Vishnu Wagh, Subhash Phaldessai, Rohan Khaunte, and prominent citizens including Nirmala Sawant, Oscar Rebello, Thalman Pereira. Journalist Sandesh Prabhudesai will host the debate. Saldanha was a crusader for various causes and hence associated with a number of organizations and people. As part of this programme, the various people he interacted with will be paying their tribute to him and elucidating what he meant to the people of Goa, including Fr Savio Gomes, Kamini Kundaikar, Prajal Sakhardande and Agnelo Rodrigues, while his associate Shalini Saxena will speak about the work and dreams he had for Goa and Dilip Cotta will speak on behalf of his students. The programme will also include a poem recital specially composed by Wagh. A Konkani musical dedication to Mathany, titled 'Mathanybab' will also be held.W'shop on transparency in sports admin: The Right to Information Forum, Goa, in collaboration with International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula will organize a workshop on October 21, from 10am to 1pm, the ICG premises at Dona Paula. It is aimed at all stakeholders involved in sports, including parents and children, sportspersons, coaches, referees, educational institutions; clubs and sports associations and the government education and sports departments. This workshop will provide information about how transparency in sports can be achieved. It will also provide a platform for all the stakeholders to present their case for improving sports administration in Goa. Nandini Sahai, Satish Sonak and Shrikant Barve will be the resource persons. There is no registration fee for the workshop and it is open to all.Oral coaching classes at Assagao college: The DM's College of Arts has started oral coaching classes for the company secretaryship course. Oral coaching classes are imparted to students of the executive programme Module I. The last date for registration is October 23. For details call on 2268488 or 9423813403.Course in naturopathy:Council for Social Justice &amp; Peace (CSJP), Panaji, will organize a course in naturopathy on November 3. For details and registration contact the CSJP office (Ph: 2422821) at Institute Piedade, Panaji, or log on to www.csjpgoa.org.Ashok Dande's workshop on gardening: Ashok Dande, a veteran in landscape gardening, will conduct a two-day workshop on gardening at his gardens in Nagali, Taleigao. The workshop will cover indoor/outdoor plants, kitchen garden, composting, soil enrichment, coconuts, orchards and plant propogation. For details call on 2464839 or 9822589738, or email at dandeashok.30@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897005", "title": "Campus recruitment drive at Ambedkar institute of technology for handicapped", "text": "KANPUR: Campus recruitment drive was held at Ambedkar Institute of Technology for Handicapped (AITH) on October 18 and 19.The Indian Navy pool campus recruitment drive for final and pre-final year engineering students was held at the institute. A three-member Indian Navy team, under the leadership of Commander RK Yadav visited the institute on November 4, 2011.Nearly 1,000 students from Kanpur (belonging to HBTI, UIET, MPEC, PSIT, KIT, KIOT, Narayana, Rama, BIT), Unnao, Etawah took part in the placement drive. Several students were declared passed for the next stage. The selection of students for SSB (next round) has been done through group discussion and personal interview. The final result is expected by the first week of November.The AITH director said that in current session, students had also got chance to participate in the recruitment drive of Smart Chip and Jayshree Polyplast. Soon Indian Army and other groups like Aditya Birla, Godrej and HCL will visit the campus. AITH is offering diploma and degree courses to disabled students also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16891806", "title": "Fasting and feasting during Navratri", "text": "So, we bring you ways to stay fitNavratri extravaganza comes with its share of dancing for nine nights coupled with a variety of food items on the platter. Whether you are fasting or feasting during those wee hours of the morning at a five-star buffet or gorging on junk food on the busy streets of the city, indulgence comes easy during this festive season. With young girls, women and even men observing fast during the festival, there is a huge variety of starchy foods like buff vadas, sabudana khichdi, mithais while the rest are happily gorging on junk food, aerated water, ice-creams, snacks and high calorie food to keep the 'show' going. As you sleep at odd hours, your bodyclock goes for a toss that often results in drowsiness, bodyaches, indigestion and sleep cycle going all haywire. So, it's necessary to keep a check on your food and see that your energy levels are maintained well.Rucha Majmudar Mehta, a nutritionist says, \"Many girls practice nine days' fast and they don't consume salt during this period resulting in low energy levels. And people give into hunger cravings at late nights after they finish the garba. They fall into the habit of not eating anything during the day in order to save on calories and then indulge in junk food at midnight. It leads to problems like acidity, diarrhea and it results in weight problems.\"Rucha suggests a high protein and healthy diet to build up good stamina and think twice before indulging in junk food at late night.There are not only cases of eating disorders but people also go through common problems like body pain and viral infection. Physician Bhupendra Dave says, \"I come across cases of common cold, cough, viral infections, bodyaches. It is essential to take care.'But garba enthusiasts are ready to face the odds when it comes to celebrating Navratri.Deepal Shah, a homemaker says, \"My routine is disturbed, but I can't help it during Navratri. I feel sleepy the whole day and I try to sleep during afternoon so that I can stay awake during the nights.\" There are some professionals who know how to strike a balance.While a professional Amit Shah says, \"It's definitely exhausting. But I try to wrap up my work early. I prefer having my meals early than usual timings and I rest a bit whenever I get time. A small nap before going for garba keeps me refreshed.\"While everybody knows that Navratri is the time when people let themselves soak in the spirit of celebrations and festive fervour, it is also important to realize that only if you are healthy and fit, you can enjoy.Fitness tips - A balanced diet and small meals at regular intervals will help a lot - Before heading for garba, have light dinner that is high on fibre, carbohydrates and proteins - Avoid eating junk-food or deep fried food (after garba) late in the night. Opt for fruits, salads, sprouts, coconut water, vegetable and fruit juice or home-made snacks - Green tea too is a good option as it will help you to avoid hunger-pangs. Keep drinking lots of water throughout the day to avoid dehydration - Do not drink chilled water during or immediately after garba as it might lead to throat infections - Keep doing basic stretching exercises at regular intervals to avoid bodyaches - Take bath with luke warm water and add some bath salts to it. This will take care of the minor body pains", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16897166", "title": "Writers urge Umesh Katti to withdraw statement", "text": "BELGAUM: Members of Belgaum Zilla Kannada Sahitya Parishad (BZKSP) and pro-Kannada leaders held a meeting in Belgaum on Saturday, condemning agriculture minister Umesh Katti's alleged statement over separate statehood for north Karnataka.A resolution copy signed by BZKSP president Y R Patil, former president Basavaraj Jagajampi, former mayor Siddanagouda Patil, senior journalist/ writer Sarjoo Katkar, pro-Kannada activists Ashok Chandaragi and Ramesh Sontakki stated that, Katti's statement is controversial and unacceptable and that the statement be withdrawn.Siddanagouda Patil said it was not the first time that Katti brothers spoke about a separate north Karnataka state. Chikkodi MP Ramesh Katti had openly given the statement in this regard on the day of inaugurating Suvarna Vidhana Soudha (SVS) on October 11.\"I think it's a political statement and condemnable,\" said patil.Sarjoo Katkar said being a minister of the state and a part of the government he shouldn't have made such statements about separating the state. Litterateur Basavaraj Jagajampi suggested calling a general meeting to collect public opinion", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897243", "title": "Durga Puja festivities roll", "text": "LUDHIANA: The members of Bengali community in the city who have got together under the Bangiya Samsad have been busy making preparations for the much-awaited Durga Puja.On Saturday, which marked \"aavahan\" (welcome) of Goddess Durga, the Samsad members took part in poetry recitation competition at Institution of Engineers, Dugri Road.The next three days would witness a slew of cultural and literary events being organized for the Bengalis residing in Ludhiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896343", "title": "Popular restaurateur\u2019s assistant questioned", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Saturday summoned A Marshall, 40, who works as a personal assistant to Saravana Bhavan owner Rajagopal's son R Shivakumar, on charges of threatening an employee's relative.Police officials said, Sakthivelu,22, from Trichy had approached Marshall to help bring his brother, T Thaivamani 's, body back from Dubai. His brother who was working as a waiter at a Saravana Bhavan restaurant in Dubai, was said to have fallen from a building in Al Nahda and died.Thaivamani had been working at the Anna Nagar branch of the restaurant for seven years before being transferred to Dubai 18 months ago. Thaivamani had earlier this year wanted to return to India, and had requested his manager on September 30 for a transfer. On October, a person from the Dubai restaurant informed the family that Thaivamani was dead.Suspecting foul play, Sakthivelu lodged a complaint with the Vadapalani police on October 2, and said that people associated with the restaurant had threatened his cousin. The assistant commissioner of the Vadapalani station G Shankaralingam, summoned Marshall on Saturday and made inquiries about Shivakumar. On checking his passport, they found that Shivakumar, who was abroad for a long time, had returned a day before the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16895890", "title": "Destiny made me IIM-A director: Samir Barua", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Samir Barua, who is spending the last few days of his five-year term as the director of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A), took a trip down memory lane with the alumni of the premier institute on Saturday.The mood was nostalgic as Barua, himself an alumnus of the business school, shared moments that became memories- right from the day he joined as the director to his personal and professional achievements. Barua was speaking at a special interaction session held by the IIM-A alumni association, Ahmedabad chapter.\"I had no intention of applying for the post of director and it was only during the days before the last date of applying to the post that I was convinced I should take this up. Even my wife was not convinced. If I look back, I am what I am because I passed out from IIM-A. It was destiny that I became the director of IIM-A,\" said Barua, who will complete five years in the post on November 7, 2012.Among the milestones that were achieved by IIM-A during Barua's tenure are substantial autonomy, operating surplus and global recognition in terms of rankings.\"Finances of the institute were very stressed when I joined. We had the option of seeking funds from the government but we continued with the policy of being independent and started looking at innovative ways to generate funds,\" said Barua.Among other measures, Barua had suggested a fee hike to raise funds. \"Selling fee hike to board and faculty members was an issue that was faced with a lot of opposition. But I also proposed fee waivers. We managed revenues from executive training to balance out by charging those who can afford to pay and not charging those who cannot,\" said Barua.Till date, the institute has offered fee waivers worth Rs 30 crore to students with a low family income. Barua also said that the institute sets aside six percent of its revenues from management development programmes and consulting projects for the staff working at IIM-A.Barua urged the alumni to become members of the IIM-A society. \"Only the alumni are the true stakeholders of the affairs at IIM-A. We need to ensure the institute functions properly and are responsible for any change needed,\" said Barua, who also hoped that whoever takes over the charge of the director continues the several processes that he has set in motion.When asked by the alumni whether he would like to continue as the director for the second term, Barua replied, \"I will step down as per tradition and continue with the institute. I am not interested in a second term as the director but if the board decides and wants me to continue, I may consider it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16901460", "title": "Missing Arunachal IPS officer probing PDS scam traced in Delhi", "text": "ITANAGAR: IPS officer M S Chauhan, who probed the high-profile PDS scam and mysteriously went missing in Arunchal Pradesh's West Kameng district on October 16, has been traced in New Delhi on Sunday.\"Chauhan was traced in New Delhi this morning and the Investigating officer will rush there to investigate,\" IGP (Crime) Arvind Deep said.He declined to give further details. Chauhan, SP of the Special Investigation Cell, who was appointed by the Gauhati high court to probe the multi-crore PDS scam in the state in 2008, went missing from Tippi when he along with inspector Mohan Kaye and constable Vikram Singh , were on their way to Tawang.Chauhan had handed over his cellphones to his driver while leaving the vehicle at Tippi market and asked them to wait for him at a nearby river where he was supposed to join them for lunch, but did not turn up.Police had no information about his Tawang trip as he had not reported his movements to them.Chauhan, who was transferred to Delhi on October 8 and released from his responsibilities on October 10, had not left the state.An IPS officer of 1998 batch of the Union Territory cadre, he had charge-sheeted 56 persons including former chief minister Gegong Apang , five Congress MLAs, two ministers besides several IAS officer and contractors in the PDS scam.He was waiting for sanction of prosecution from the Arunachal Pradesh government against another 36 accused in the Rs 1000 crore scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16899063", "title": "Militants hurl grenade at municipal councillor's residence in Imphal", "text": "IMPHAL: Suspected militants hurled a powerful grenade at the residence of a municipality commissioner in Imphal West district of Manipur but it failed to explode, official sources said today.The militants lobbed the grenade at the residence of Imphal municipal commissioner ward number one Soiraisam Binarani at Thangmeiband area here yesterday.Police later defused it. No individual or group has claimed responsibility, the sources saidThe police would investigate whether militants had made monetary demands on Binarani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16897691", "title": "Professional colleges have to reimburse extra fees", "text": "BANGALORE: In the wake of complaints from college students and parents, the higher education department has decided to take action against colleges charging fees in excess of the amount stated in the fee structure.It said colleges that have charged extra fees will have to reimburse the amount. Complaints regarding colleges demanding extra fees flooded Karnataka Examination Authority while counselling process was on.Similar complaints were also received by Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences. Colleges demanded extra fees for providing hostel and other facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16898079", "title": "A touch of art in times of devotion", "text": "COIMBATORE: At the centre of the decorated room stand three life size wooden figures of Ulagalandha Perumal, the Vamana avtar of Vishnu, with his feet on the head of King Mahabali, and Kanyakumari Amman , arranged as per the Navaratri tradition. But the main attraction of the elaborate golu arrangement at the residence of S Venkataraman near Sivananda Colony are these four dolls, which are more than a century old, and have been passed down the generations in his wife Rama Venkat's family. The wooden statues made of detachable pieces made out of wood pulp are the famous Nala Gowri dolls from Mysore, which have become very rare as the art form and the artisans have succumbed to the onslaught of time.The wooden dolls comprise of the upper body with detachable limbs and could be used to represent both female and male figures depending on the make up, attire and decorations. After the Navaratri festival, the dolls are dismantled, safely rolled up in clothes and kept in an air tight trunk inside a room along with other golu dolls. The family has an entire room, fondly called the 'Chandramukhi room,' to store these dolls. Venkataraman aka Cinema Venkat, hails from a family with a movie production background, and was one of the most active film distributors in the city.\"Arranging the dolls and decorating the room takes about two to three days. It's a great time to bond with the family as all four of us, including our two sons, Arun and Aravind also chip in to help us,\" says Venkataraman. The family is a regular winner of the local golu doll arrangement competitions that are conducted every year here in the city.Every five years, the Nala Gowri doll pieces are taken out and minor painting is done to ensure that they last for a few more years. The Nala Gowri dolls are an integral part of Dussehra celebrations in Mysore. These life sized dolls are made out of wood pulp and dressed up in various attires. \"It is part of the tradition and some families still own these dolls. The doll used to be kept decorated during Dussehra. People used to go from one house to another to seem. The Nala Gowri dolls go back a long time and could be hundreds of years old,\" said Usha Narendra, a Bangalore-based art expert.As far as Rama Venkat and her family here in the city is concerned the dolls were part of the family ever since she could remember. The word within the family is that their great grandfather Hosur Subbu Iyyer who was based in Hosur close to Karnataka border bought the dolls and adapted the Karnataka tradition in the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896590", "title": "Central Zone take on East Zone in Duleep Trophy final", "text": "CHENNAI: Two relatively unfancied teams will meet in the five-day final of the Duleep Trophy to be staged in rain-swept Chennai starting on Sunday.Although it is a repeat of last year's title clash in the prestigious inter-zonal competition, both defending champions East Zone and Central Zone were certainly not the favourites to make it to the summit clash going into the semifinals.However, Central pulled off a stunner against North Zone in Hyderabad - No. 8 Bhuvneshwar Kumar scored a century and put on 127 for the last wicket with Rituraj Singh to help the team advance on first innings - and East got the better of a star-studded South in a thrilling low-scorer on a two-paced pitch in Visakhapatnam.\"East are always considered the weakest, but we have proved by making it to two successive finals that we cannot be taken lightly anymore,\" East Zone coach Subhrajit Saikia said on the eve of the match.\"It was a tricky pitch at Vizag and batsmen on which batsmen from both teams struggled. We pulled it off and are well-prepared for the final,\" he added. Pace bowler Ashok Dinda took 7-27 in the second innings to almost hand East a sensational outright victory.It has been raining in the southern metropolis the past few days following the onset of the Northeast monsoon and more rain is forecast, also leading to concerns on how the MA Chidambaram Stadium pitch would play.\"You cannot be sure, because you don't know with Chennai weather,\" said Central skipper Md Kaif, when asked if the pitch would help bowlers.\"Tomorrow you might get up in the morning and see bright sunshine and conditions will start to favour the batsmen.\" Central is looking to avenge their previous year's defeat. \"If weather permits, hopefully we'll have a five-day game. But yes, it's good to be in the final. Last time we lost to East Zone, so we have a chance to correct the mistakes we made last time,\" Kaif said.India pacer Praveen Kumar is a doubtful starter, further weakening the side's bowling resources with leg-spinner Piyush Chawla already sidelined with a thumb injury. Kaif said the presence of Bhuvneshwar lends solidity to the lower order.\"Oh yes. He plays for UP and always contributes - if not big hundreds, he always makes fifties and important forties,\" Kaif said. \"This time was the biggest stage for him and he really showed character. I was not surprised at all by his batting. All the players knew he could bat. Winning the game like that, showing lots of smartness, staying at the crease was very good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895874", "title": "Rain brings down temperature in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Denizens were bemused on Saturday as they woke up to an overcast sky. While the maximum temperature dipped to 27.5 degrees Celsius, drizzle during the day and heavy showers in the late evening left people wondering if the southwest monsoon has actually bid goodbye or not, as announced by the Met department on Friday.Met officials on Saturday said the northeast monsoon, which follows the southeast monsoon, has set in over Andhra Pradesh a day ago and turned vigorous over the southern parts on Saturday. Parts of coastal AP and Rayalaseema received heavy rainfall over the last two days and more showers are expected during the next 48 hours.\"Rain would occur at many places over south coastal AP and Rayalaseema during the next 48 hours. Isolated rain or thundershowers may occur over Telangana,\" said M Narasimha Rao, assistant meteorologist, Met department. He added that the cloud cover and rain would have the maximum temperatures dipping during the next couple of days.Meanwhile, the sudden showers threw traffic out of gear, which moved at a snail's pace at Telugu Talli junction, Ameerpet towards Dharam Karam road among other busy stretches in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16895622", "title": "Devotees throng Indrakeeladri amidst heavy rain", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Braving heavy rain, devotees thronged the Kanakadurga temple atop Indrakeeladri on Saturday, as it was considered to bethe most auspicious day of the nine-day long festival. Pilgrims started queuing up since early morning despite the downpour in the city. It was expected that Saturday would be a crowded day at the temple as it was Mulanakshatram day. But the temple authorities were surprised when the huge number of devotees waited patiently from 2 am in the queue.While hundreds of pilgrims used umbrellas to protect themselves from the heavy rain, many others reached the hill top temple drenched in the rain. \"It is the shower of the goddess. Why should we keep away from her blessings,\" asked a pilgrim in the queue line.Paying little attention to the pilgrims' ordeal who were waiting in the lines with their children, daring the lashing rain and biting cold weather, ministers and VIPs took their own time offering prayers in the temple in the first hour. In fact, the ministers competed with each other showing their might on the templeand delayed the darshan for the ordinary pilgrims.According to sources, minister K Parthasarathy was among the first to reach Indrakeeladri at around 2 am where the EO and other officials escorted him to the temple. Even as he was offering prayers, in-charge minister Thota Narasimham reached the hilltop giving the authorities a few tense moments. He was forced to wait for about 10 minutes at the main entrance for the official welcome.Upon information, the festival officer and EO rushed to welcome Narasimham leaving Parthasarathy inside. While Narasimhan expressed his displeasure with the officials for not receiving him properly, the other minister is said to have fumed at the officials for leaving him inside without following the protocol.The officials walked on a tight rope in managing the issue and pacified the ministers. In the process, the temple authorities opened the gates for ordinary pilgrims only at 2.45 am, nearly 45 minutes behind schedule. Late in the evening, endowments minister C Ramachandraiah presented silk clothes to the deity on behalf of the state government. With rain continuing till late in the night on Saturday, the pilgrims' rush slowly came down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16900368", "title": "Congress's dalit card turning against established dalit leaders of Doaba region", "text": "JALANDHAR: After Rahul Gandhi's visit to Jalandhar on Friday and interaction with dalit leaders of Doaba region, the dalit card they have been using within the party to ensure their own political growth now appears to be turning against them. Now they are most worried about Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president Captain Amarinder Singh's coterie as their complete hegemony was blamed for alienation of Dalits from the party and non-emergence of second line leadership in the region.According to sources in the party, established leaders are now feeling insecure about their future prospects. Former local bodies minister Chaudhary Jagjit Singh and Congress MP Mohinder Singh Kaypee were the most blamed leaders for this hegemony over leadership in the meeting with Rahul.In fact, the allegation of the local leaders about the hegemony of a few families over dalit leadership is backed by the fact the dalit leadership in Doaba could not get out of the control of four families in the region and most benefited was Chaudhary Jagjit Singh's family whose father Master Gurbanta Singh remained minister.Chaudhary himself and his younger brother Santokh Singh remained ministers and both of them contested the last assembly election also, but lost in the fray. However Jagjit has remained the most influential leader in the party in Doaba and he would interfere at other seats also. While he is facing a corruption case, the issue of his integrity was also raised by the local leaders in the meeting.While Jagjit's son Surinder Singh remained chairman of Zila Parishad Jalandhar and was a ticket-seeker this time also, Santokh's son Vikramjit Singh is Punjab Youth Congress President and he was also a ticket aspirant. However, Vikramjit got the post after winning election. In fact, Chaudhary Jagjit has even managed to dislodge other dalit leaders also as in place of three time MLA and former minister Joginder Singh Mann, who happened to the only candidate from Mazhabi/Valmiki community in Doaba, Chaudhary projected his protege Balbir Raja Sodhi and later got ticket from Phagwara replacing Mann and party lost the seat.Kaypee could be a MLA and then minister as his father Darshan Singh Kaypee was also a senior leader and also remained minister. In the last assembly election, Kaypee managed ticket for his wife Suman Kaypee, a former Bank officer, from Jalandhar West even as she was a novice in the politics. She lost the election.Chaudhary Sunder Singh remained MP from Phillaur quite a few times and after his death his daughter in law Santosh Chaudhary was given the ticket of parliament election in eighties. After representing Phaillaur quite a few times, she is now MP from Hoshiarour and her husband Ram Lubhaya remained MLA from Sham Chaurasi, but this time he lost election. She was also lobbying for a ticket for her daughter from Phagwara.Banga Tarlochan Singh Soondh was directly pushed into politics without much ground level work, as he was an IFS officer, after death of his father Chaudhary Jagat Ram Soondh in late eighties. But Tarlochan has remained confined to his seat and rather other the shadow of Jagjit and Kaypee.Though there are total eight reserve seats of assembly and two seats of Parliament in Doaba region, on all these seats only Adi-dharmi leaders were given tickets by Congress even as second largest dalit community- Valmikis/Mazhabis are almost equal in their population in Punjab.Aapne party kyon nahi chhodi: Rahul GandhiWhen former minister Joginder Singh Mann, who remained MLA thrice and this time lost ticket to Balbir Raja Sodhi, when narrated his story that what was done to him by PPCC leadership, Rahul repeatedly asked him, \"Aapne party kyon nahi chhodi (why did you not leave the party) after facing such a hostile treatment.\" Mann then said that he always remained loyal to the party. Mann was supported by other leaders also in his contention that Valmiki/Mazahbis have been marginalized in the party even as it remained a strong vote bank of the party even as SAD had increased their representation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16898057", "title": "Two students drown in Ayiroor lake", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two schoolboys were drowned at Ayiroor lake near Varkala on Saturday. The deceased have been identified as Riyas (14) and Faisal (14) both class nine students of Nadayara Muslim Government High School.According to police, Faisal and Riyas along with their three friends reached the lake around 5pm after witnessing a music concert at Nadayara junction. Faisal settled himself on a rock in the middle of the lake. The rock had turned slippery due to rain and he lost grip when he stood up and fell into the lake.Seeing him drown, Riyas also jumped into the water. Local people said that strong undercurrents washed them away. Their friends were terrified and they ran up to Ayiroor bridge pleading help. By the time people reached the spot, both the boys had drowned. Locals said that the water level in the lake had risen alarmingly due to heavy rain in the last few days.Fire force and life guards rushed to the spot and conducted a search operation. Both their bodies were recovered by 6pm. The news about the unexpected death of two students left the students and teachers of Nadayara school shocked. The bodies were taken to Varkala taluk hospital and later to their homes at Nadayara.Both Riyas and Faisal were neighbours and had been close buddies since their childhood, said the locals. The bodies would be taken to their school on Sunday at 9.30am for the teachers and students to pay tribute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16900095", "title": "No Pakistani judicial panel to be allowed unless National Investigation Agency team visits Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is unlikely to permit a Pakistani judicial commission to visit here again to cross examine the Mumbai terror attack witnesses unless an NIA team is allowed to go to that country first and determines the necessity of such an exercise.India wants to send a team of National Investigation Agency (NIA) to Pakistan to examine the material evidence collected against arrested 26/11 terror attack prime accused including LeT commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi and six others against whom the trial is going on in a court in Rawalipindi.New Delhi also wants to understand why the Pakistani court was not ready to acknowledge the international convention of accepting a bilateral treaty between two sovereign nations, Home Ministry officials said.The eight-member Pakistani judicial commission had visited India following a bilateral agreement which said the commission would not quiz the magistrate, who had recorded the statement of Kasab, the Investigating Officer of the case and two doctors who conducted the postmortem of slain terrorists.However, after the Pakistani court dealing with the 26/11 case had said that evidence collected by the commission during its first visit to India in March had no \"evidential value\" to punish those involved in the Mumbai terror attack, Islamabad had asked New Delhi to allow its panel to visit Mumbai again.The Pakistani judicial commission, which had included prosecutors and defence lawyers, visited Mumbai in March.\"Unless the NIA team is allowed to visit Pakistan and understand the necessity of the second visit of the Pakistani judicial commission to India, it is difficult for us to say anything now,\" an official said on the possibility of allowing the second visit of the Pakistani judicial commission to India.When Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde had met his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik on the sidelines of the SAARC ministerial meeting in Maldives last month, he conveyed India's desire to send the NIA team to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16897127", "title": "Foundation day keeps varsity busy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University celebrated its foundation day on Saturday with a lecture by Romila Thapar, eminent historian and professor emeritus, Jawaharlal Nehru University. A magnificent picture gallery was an attraction for students and faculty members at law auditorium lobby, with rare photographs of Pierre Jeanerette, PU's chief architect, with his team outside Gandhi Bhawan.A panel discussion followed on PU's vision 2020 and a cultural evening marked end of the day. Unveiling of the phoenix-structured monument was also done. Thapar also released the recent issue of Panjab University Research Journal (Arts) at the fine arts Museum of PU.Romila Thapar underlined the urgent need to focus on the pursuit of excellence in teaching and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16897232", "title": "Karnatak University will have a new building for life sciences", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnatak University will soon have a separate annexure for Integrated Programme on Life Sciences (IPLS). The new building is coming up with an estimated cost of Rs 3.35 crore. A total of Rs 10 crore has been allotted by the Department of Bio-Technology for the IPLS and the remaining funds will be utilized for strengthening academics and scholarships to researchers.Karnatak University VC HB Walikar said four departments namely bio-chemistry, botany, zoology and bio-technology will conduct inter-disciplinary research work. A well-equipped laboratory, instrumentation room, conference hall, waiting room, library and two lecture halls would be housed in the new building.Minister for higher education CT Ravi laid the foundation stone for the new building on Saturday.Speaking on the occasion, Ravi stated that bio-technology has popped out as a challenging field and has thrown open abundant opportunities for the young researches.Considering the potential of this field, the government is sanctioning funds to create infrastructures in the State varsities. \"Today, the development of the country is judged on the research activities taken up. The World Monitoring System is conducting survey of the research talents available in particular country or State. Unfortunately, research departments in several universities in the State have failed to attract research scholars,\" he regretted.The professionals are attracted towards getting lucrative job and do not want to move out of the comfort zone, he lamented.On too many Chairs mushrooming in the Universities Ravi said it had become a matter of prestige for some to set up Chairs in the varsities.Most of these Chairs are defunct. The government will take up survey of the research Chairs which are not utilized to their potential and help to rejuvenate them, the minister said.286 LECTURERS TO BE RECRUITEDRavi informed that 286 teachers for degree colleges would be appointed soon.A total of 800 candidates had entered the last round of interview out of which 286 have been selected and will be deployed to the degree colleges needing them, the minister stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896684", "title": "'Lavasa developed as per rules'", "text": "PUNE: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Saturday refuted allegations of violations in the construction of hill township Lavasa near the city.Addressing the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) convention in the city, Pawar said, \"The same allegations are being made once again. When I was chief minister, I wanted hill stations to be developed in Maharashtra. Not a single hill station has been developed in India after independence. All we have are gifts from the British. After my term as CM, the the government under then chief minister Manohar Joshi formulated the hill station policy and Lavasa was developed as per the government's rules.\"\"The Hindustan Construction Company has purchased the land; the government has not acquired it for them. The government has given them the land on lease as per regulations. Of the total land leased to them by the government, 91% is under water and 9% is available for development,\" Pawar said.\"There is always opposition while developing projects. One should check how much of the land where Lavasa is developed was cultivable earlier. The city has attracted tourists and it has also given boost to the economy.\" he said.Later, speaking to reporters, Pawar said, \"No land was purchased forcibly for the project. This project is not exclusively for the rich; it also accommodates people from the middle and lower middle class. Anyone can reside here.\"Earlier this week, IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh had accused India Against Corruption chief Arvind Kejriwal of sitting on information on alleged violations and arbitrary land concessions granted during the construction of Lavasa by Sharad and Ajit Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16897071", "title": "Book by prisoners to be released on Mahanavami day", "text": "KANNUR: Sathyam Nilavilikunnu (Truth Cries Out) a compilation of writings by prisoners lodged in various jails in the state will be released on October 23 by Kannur District Library Council. \"Written by 56 prisoners, the book provides a different literary experience, as these are the unrefined expressions of reality by a group of people who are isolated from the society,\" said P K Biju, Secretary of Library Council, who edited the book along with poet Pavithran Theekuni, Prasad Koodali and Anitha Palakkad.\"We always see the prisoners as an ostracized community, but we should understand that they too have a creative self, though their criminal deeds could not be justified,\" he said. \"Though many people have written about their experiences in the jail after they were released, it is for the first time that such a compilation is being published,\" he said.The very idea of this book evolved from the frequent reading of the letters written by the prisoners to their family members, said K V Mukesh, Welfare Officer at Kannur Central Prison. \"Since it is my duty to read the letters, as per the rules in the jail, quite often I felt that many of them have a creative bend of mind and that could be nurtured,\" he said.Though the work on the book was started one year back, its publication got delayed due to many reasons, and finally the book is ready now and it would be released in a function organized by the council on October 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896819", "title": "A first since 1981, no low pressure areas in June", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon season this year provided the first instance since 1981 when there was no formation of a low pressure area in the month of June.A low pressure area is a synoptic condition associated with rainfall and when it intensifies into a depression or a deep depression, it results in increased rainfall activity. \"Normally, four to six depressions form in a monsoon season,\" the India Meteorological Department (IMD) states in its end of the season report.In all, 10 low pressure areas were formed during monsoon 2012, all in the Bay of Bengal, but none of these intensified into a depression, the report says. \"This, coupled with the lack of support from the Arabian sea, where no low pressure area was formed throughout the season, could be among the factors behind the rainfall deficiency for the country as a whole,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole told TOI on Friday.A similar situation had occurred in 2002 and 2010, when none of the low pressure areas had intensified into depression, the IMD said.Unlike the last two seasons, the country ended with an 8% rainfall deficiency this season with a total rainfall of 819.8 mm, against the long period average (LPA) of 887.5 mm. \"The pre-mid season (that is, June and July) was deficient while the rainfall activity picked up during the post-mid season (August and September), mainly due to frequent formation of low pressure areas over the Bay of Bengal with long tracts running mostly in the westerly and northwesterly direction,\" Khole said.\"The intensity and distribution of rain are the two key criteria in the assessment of the seasonal rainfall. Usually, the low pressure areas result in rainfall with lesser intensity, but with distribution over a broader geographical area. In contrast, the depressions are associated with high-intensity rainfall, particularly at the southwest sector of the system, Khole added.\"\"When a low pressure area intensifies into the more intense system of depression, we expect increased rainfall,\" Khole said. \"The fact that none of the 10 low pressure areas intensified into depression can be one of the reasons and not the only reason, for deficient rain... What prevented these systems from intensifying into depression needs a more elaborate diagnostic study.\"Khole said, \"The offshore troughs in the Arabian sea were also not well marked and there was very less convection. All the low pressure areas were formed either over the land or over the Bay of Bengal while there were no such systems in the Arabian sea.\"The IMD report states that, though there had been extended periods of subdued rainfall activity during the season in different spatial scales, rather unorganized convective activity, characteristic of weak monsoon phases, contributed significantly to the seasonal rainfall.Of the 10 low pressure areas, two were formed in July, five in August and three in September. In all these three months, one low pressure area each formed over land and the remaining systems formed over the Bay of Bengal, the report states.The first low pressure area that formed over northeast Madhya Pradesh and adjoining south Uttar Pradesh between July 7 and 11 facilitated the advance of monsoon to cover the entire country, while the second system over the Bay of Bengal was rather short-lived between July 20 and 22 and merged with the monsoon trough on July 23.\"Under the influence of five low pressure areas that formed in successive weeks of August, the rainfall activity over the monsoon trough zone got enhanced,\" the report stats. \"Towards the end of August, the systems and their remnants caused active to vigorous monsoon conditions over major parts of the country,\" the report adds.Referring to the long range forecast, the IMD has conceded that its forecast for July rainfall at 98% of the long period average (LPA) for the country as a whole was an overestimate, considering that the actual rainfall in July was 87% of the LPA. Also, the 91% forecast for rainfall during the second half of the season (that is, August-September) was an underestimate as the actual rainfall for the second half was 104% of the LPA, the report states.\"The main reasons for underestimation in the second half forecast were the delay in the establishment of El Nino conditions in the Pacific ocean and the sudden emergence of positive phase of Indian Ocean Dipole during the later part of the monsoon season... Both of these large scale features may have contributed to increased rainfall activity during the second half of the season,\" the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16898303", "title": "Attari truckers union accuse CWC, BSF men of corruption", "text": "ATTARI: The claims of smooth running of Indo-Pak trade at India's first Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Attari were exposed on Saturday after Attari Truck Operators' Union levelled serious allegations of corruption against certain officials of the Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) and Border Security Force (BSF). The union held a demonstration in front of the main gate of ICP and disrupted trade with Pakistan . Both the CWC and BSF have vehemently denied the allegations and instead blamed the truck operators for creating obstacles in the trade to maintain their monopoly over truck movement.Union president Daljit Singh alleged that on Friday night a delegation of traders met the officials of CWC and BSF following which more than 400 selective trucks especially those loaded with tomatoes were allowed to entre ICP for clearance of their export commodities.Hundreds of trucks from Punjab, Rajasthan and Maharashtra are stranded outside ICP waiting their turn for clearance of goods. Kulwinder Singh, one of the members of union, said there was a long queue of trucks outside ICP. \"With the help of police, we regulated the traffic and things were going smooth until last night when suddenly around 450 trucks were taken inside without security check\".BSF Commandant K S Rana said, \"All allegations are baseless and there is no truth.\" However, he agreed that on Friday night hundreds of trucks were allowed to enter in ICP, but only after they created holding area for about 500 trucks. \"Earlier, there was no holding area so the trucks had to wait outside ICP, the Unions should appreciate us for helping them,\" he said.CWC manager Rameshwar said when they allowed trucks to enter ICP on late Friday evening, the union created obstacles and forcibly stopped the entry of trucks following which they had to take help of local administration. \"With organized running of trade, the union is scared to lose out on money they receive from trucks arriving from other states,\" he saidA truck driver, Kulwinder Singh said they were lathi charged at the ICP. \"We have to wait here for several days for offloading of trucks and it hurts us when a truck enters in ICP out of turn,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16900517", "title": "Now, a device to help stutterers speak fluently", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have developed a cellphone-sized, portable device that could help people who stutter speak more fluently.The device created by researchers from the University of Mississippi is battery-powered and easy to use.The team began working on the device after Greg Snyder, associate professor of communications sciences and disorders, and himself a lifelong stutterer, demonstrated how he could speak much more fluently simply by feeling his throat.\"By feeling my throat vibrate when I speak, I get tactile speech feedback , which significantly reduces my stuttering,\" Snyder said.While the device does not cure stuttering, it helps the user reduce his or her stuttering frequency and can improve the user's quality of life, Snyder added.\"Our device is portable, battery-powered and easy to use,\" said Paul Goggans, lead partner in the instrument's design and fabrication.\"These are important attributes because other behavioural treatments for stuttering are more intense; they require too much concentration and are exhausting,\" Goggans said.Even after a long day of speech therapy, a stutterer might have no progress to show the next day, but the patient is tired because he or she worked so hard, Goggans said.\"This creation is offering a promising alternative that can be discreetly and easily used every day by adults,\" he said in a statement.The patent rights to the device have been licensed to Hyperion Technology Group Inc of Tupelo.\"The stigma surrounding stuttering is overwhelming and cruel,\" Snyder said.\"For any number of reasons, I was able to successfully emerge from the challenges of stuttering and have stayed focused on finding a new and better treatment for others. It just makes sense to me that if we can wear prosthetics like eyeglasses to help with our vision and hearing aids to enhance our hearing, then why not a prosthetic to help with speech?\" Snyder added.A prototype of the device was presented at the 2012 Society of Neuroscience conference in New Orleans .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900119", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s CGTR roars at the US box office", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's latest release Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu (CGTR) fever has not only gripped AP but also USA as the film does a power packed business in overseas too. The latest trade reports say that Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu has collected around $ 345,357 (1.86 cr) in reported screens so far and the collections could be even higher for all the screens.After making waves for its pre-release buzz, Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu has finally swept the USA audience off their feet. Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu has created a new record in USA for its huge release and now with the film receiving positive feedback, the exhibitors are raking in the moolah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897366", "title": "Court orders probe against ex-minister Shingne", "text": "NAGPUR: The Buldhana judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) has ordered an inquiry against former NCP minister Rajendra Shingne for his alleged involvement in Rs550 crore District Cooperative Bank scam. Buldhana police inspector, M Suryakant confirmed the development and told TOI that they had already started an enquiry as per court's orders. \"The enquiry is being conducted under Section 156 of CrPC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897070", "title": "Eat healthy for robust bones: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: Breaking of a bone is not \"just\" an accident but it can lead to more fractures and ultimately, osteoporosis, said local orthopedic experts on the Osteoporosis Day here on Saturday.The high number of accidents and fracture globally has forced the International Osteoporosis Foundation to make it as the theme of World Osteoporosis Day (celebrated on October 20). As per the IOF website, the theme of Osteoporosis Day-2012 is \"Stop at One: Make Your First Break Your Last.\"Keeping this theme in mind, renowned orthopedic experts of the industrial city advised the people not to give a miss to their calcium intake. Moreover, health diet with appropriate sunlight is also considered very important by the experts.\"Milk and milk products, finger millet, tofu and sesame seeds provide continuous and harmless levels of calcium to the bones, compared to calcium supplements. The absorption of calcium from the gut is best when it is taken with meals,\" said Dr Sanjay Srivastava of the Railway hospital.The doctors also laid stress on workout by women and outdoor physical activities, as they are more prone to osteoporosis. The experts advised that both girls and boys should exercise more and eat healthy during adolescence because that is the time when bones develop. Decline in bone strength starts after age 30.\"Sunshine is a major source of Vitamin D. As girls do not workout regularly and even their dietary intake is poor, they are more prone to developing osteoporosis,\" informed Dr Sachin Awasthi, orthopedic expert at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital.He added that fish and fish oil are best supplement of vitamin D besides fortified food in the case of inadequate exposure to the sun.\"Inadequate dietary calcium intake during infancy, childhood and adolescence leads to low calcium storage in bones. Junk food aggravates the problem. Calcium content in bone depletes with age and weak bones can easily fracture. Bone strength in old age depends on how strong our bones were in our 20s and 30s. A higher calcium intake while young also lowers chances of non-trauma related bone fractures,\" informed Dr K Swaroop of Ursala Horseman Hospital.Interestingly, the patients who have suffered fractures at any stage of life can have a bone scan that will tell them their risk percentage for osteoporosis.\"There are medicines that can reduce osteoporosis risk by 30 to 70 percent, and patients can make lifestyle changes of their own, including quitting smoking, exercising and taking calcium and vitamin D supplements,\" added Dr Swaroop further.The high number of accidents and fracture globally has forced the International Osteoporosis Foundation to make it as the theme of World Osteoporosis Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896642", "title": "NewDevelopment Plan proposes extra Floor Space Index for hotels", "text": "PUNE: The new Development Plan (DP) for the old city area has proposed additional Floor Space Index (FSI) to all types of hotels.The supplementary, approved by the City Improvement Committee (CIC), states that FSI benefits should be given to all types of hotels. The civic administration had proposed to keep the benefit limited to hotels graded four starts or above.\"The extra FSI has been allowed to hotels with a grade of a four star or more. This should be changed and all hotels should be allowed to take an extra FSI. The rules should be changed accordingly. Those who wish to take the benefit of this extra FSI, should be charged rates according to the ready reckoner,\" states the supplementary.Hotel owners in the city have welcomed the move and said they will divert the benefit to the customers. \"If more space is made available, more rooms will be available to consumers and the cost of rooms that are available right now will go down, as the more rooms will be available in the city after increasing the space,\" said Ganesh Shetty, president, Pune Restaurants and Hoteliers Association, while speaking to TOI.Shetty said there are around 50 hotels in the city, which have four star grade or above. Hotels that have less than four star are nearly 300.Meanwhile, Congress corporator Aba Bagul alleged that the CIC also approved the provision to provide smaller houses to tenants in old wadas.\"Wada tenants will get smaller accommodation in the cluster development proposed in the DP. Earlier, tenants were supposed to get bigger accommodation,\" he said.Former corporator Ujwal Keskar has demanded that the elected members should include \"flood line details\" in the development plan. \"The irrigation department has the authority to mark a flood line. They have marked it, but the DP has not shown it. The elected members should add it in DP during the discussions in GB,\" he said while speaking to reporters.The DP will be tabled at a special GB meeting on October 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "miriti (birbhum)", "code": "16896713", "title": "No pictures of President in priest's garb", "text": "MIRITI (BIRBHUM): The people of the otherwise quaint village soaked in the true Puja spirit after President Pranab Mukherjee landed at Kirnahar around 3.55pm - a hour and a half after he was received by chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Kolkata airport.Soon as he stepped down from the helicopter, hundreds of people gathered at the spot to catch a glimpse of the President broke out in cheer and applause. An overwhelmed Mukherjee waved back to them with a benign smile. This is the first time after being elected President that Mukherjee is visiting his native village.On Saturday, Pranab Mukherjee was welcomed at the helipad by the state statistic and programme implementation minister Chandranath Sinha and other senior officers of the state government.The President accompanied by wife Subhra Mukherjee first visited his elder sister Annapurna Devi. The convoy led him to the house which is a kilometre away from the helipad. After 35 minutes of sibling talk, he along with his wife and son Abhijeet Mukherjee went to his ancestral house in Miriti, where he later addressed the media.Mukherjee began the press meet, organized in the courtyard in front of the Durga temple, by wishing everybody on the auspicious occasion of Durga Puja. \"I wish peace and enrichment to one and all,\" said the President, dispelling doubts that he would not be performing the rituals.Contrary to rumours doing the rounds that certain alterations were to be brought in the schedule since Mukherjee will not be able to perform all of it due to security concerns, he said: \"All rituals will be followed and there will be no exception to the family tradition. I will perform the rites and chant out from the Chandi for three days, like I do every year.\"When asked about his schedule and the security restrictions imposed regarding his Puja visit this time, the President said, \"There is no schedule as such, but there will be some restrictions though. These are self-imposed restrictions. Earlier I had been photographed in the costume of a priest, but this time I can not do that. Thus we have requested everyone not to click photos either on cameras or mobile phones.\"He also said that his son has shouldered substantial responsibility of this Durga Puja.Despite stringent security measures, the villagers and their family members will be allowed to take part in the mid-day lunch and other Puja programmes. This apart, a number of MLAs, MPs and a host of VIPs from different sectors have been invited for the Puja.\"Durga Puja is usually performed by many families as a tradition. Though our family puja isn't as old as some of these pujas, we have been celebrating it religiously for the past 118 years. It has become a family practice and the tradition is that at least one family member has to actively partake in it. So, I come here every year. But there are instances when I have not been able to make it due to the UN delegation,\" Mukherjee said. The President will stay in Miriti till October 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16899664", "title": "Sudhir Mishra re-launches Rehana Sultan", "text": "It's a triumphant home-coming for the National award winning actress of Dastak. Rehana Sultan , the trailblazer who ushered in a sexual revolution with her boldly-defined portrayal of the assertive woman in many films directed by her late husband B R Ishaara, is back in the limelight.She plays Chitrangda Singh's feisty mother in Sudhir Mishra's Inkaar. So impressed is the director by the actress' command of the medium after so many years that that he has decided to cast her in a much meatier role in his next.Speaking of her comeback which is around the corner\u2014the film opens in January-- Rehana who was last seen in Vijay Anand's Hum Rahen Na Hum in 1984 says, \"I never thought about a comeback . I was content in my domestic world. Then things changed(Ishaara passed away). Now I again feel the urge to work. Sudhirji offer me a role when Ishaara Saab was critically ill.A mutual friend Ashoke Pandit was instrumental in putting me in touch with Sudhirji.Maybe Sudhirji felt I needed the work because it was reported that my husband and I were not doing too well financially.\"What made up Rehana's mind at that point of time was the fact Sudhir Mishra didn't try to hardsell the role to the actress. \"He didn't say he wrote the role for me, or anything like that. He was very honest. He said it was a small role of the heroine's mother. But an important one nevertheless. I was happy to accept. At my age who will offer me central roles? Yes , a Sridevi gets to do an English Vinglish. But she has her producer-husband to manoeuvre her career. Otherwise actresses beyond a certain age still don't get roles that do justice to them.\"Rehana who now lives with her surrogate-son,nephew Shoaib, says she is open to more offers. \"I'd love to do more roles after Inkaar.In fact I am hungry for roles now.I enjoyed doing Inkaar. But I can't just stand in a frame. Kuch to honi chahiye(there has to be something).\"Sudhir Mishra in fact wrote in a scene specially for Rehana after she stepped into Chitrangda's mother's role.He expresses anguished regret at the limited footage offered to Rehana. \"I've admired her work in Chetna, Dastak, Savera, Maan Jayiye and Sajjo Rani.She was an actress way ahead of her times. I think it's a privilege to have her in my film.I wish there was more of her in Inkaar. But there is a sequence where she confronts her daughter. I think there audiences will be reacquainted with Rehana's brilliance.\"Sudhir is now working on a script with a role specially written for Rehana. \"It's a sad that an actress of her calibre has not been seen in a film for so long.We need to write more roles for 40-plus actresses like what Srudevi has done in English Vinglish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16896047", "title": "Film under scanner over communal angle", "text": "The Versova police recently registered a case against an unknown person for putting up posters of an upcoming Marathi film, Punha Radhabai Chawl. Radhabai chawl in Jogeshwari had witnessed communal riots in 1993. \"We are inquiring whether the censor board has given clearance to the movie,\" said an IPS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897819", "title": "'Calvim tender stinks of graft'", "text": "PANAJI: Welcoming the state government's decision to allot the tender for the construction of the Calvim bridge, the Congress party said it suspects corruption in allotment of the tender to M Venkata Rao Infra Projects Pvt Ltd for the construction.Speaking to reporters, Congress spokesperson Sudip Tamankar alleged that despite the company quoting a higher bid of 1,30,000 for soil investigation as against 72,500 quoted by S P Singla Constructions Private Limited, the contract was allotted to Venkata Rao.The same company was allotted various contracts during chief minister Manohar Parrikar's previous regime, he alleged.\"If there is corruption in the tendering process, then government should investigate the matter,\" Tamankar said. \"As Parrikar announced that his government is for zero tolerance to corruption, we urge him to allot this tender in a transparent way,\" he added.M Venkata Rao Infra Projects Pvt Ltd, Porvorim; S P Singla Construction Pvt Ltd, Delhi; NCC limited, Mumbai; R S S CVCC, Cochin; and R K E C Project Pvt Ltd, Andra Pradesh; had bid for the tender.On the mining issue, the Congress party condemned the propaganda being allegedly spread in the mining belt by the BJP MLA, Subhash Phaldessai, that the Congress party should be blamed for the mining issue in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895861", "title": "Rs 30 thousand worth cocaine seized from Goan bus driver in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Saturday arrested the driver of a Goa-Hyderabad bus entering the city and seized five grams of cocaine from his possession on Saturday.At 9.30 am, the special team of West Zone police led by inspector Mohammed Khaleel Pasha conducted a raid on the Paulo Travels' Goa-Hyderabad bus as it reached Nanal Nagar. Police scoured the entire bus and found five grams of cocaine meticulously concealed in a film magazine in possession of the vehicle's driver, Suren, from Goa.\"The magazine was packed in an envelope and the driver placed it right under the steering wheel. We opened the envelope, flipped through the magazine and did not find anything. When we carefully checked the magazine again, we noticed that some pages were stuck to one another. When the pages were separated, small pouches of cocaine were found in the middle,\" the inspector said.The market value of the seized material could be about Rs 30,000. During the interrogation, Suren said that a Nigerian national had handed over the narcotic substance to him in Goa and he was supposed to hand it over to a customer in Nanal Nagar. Suren has been working with Paulo travels since past 16 years. \"The driver claimed that he did not know the name or phone number of the customer. We are trying to find out more details about the Nigerian who gave him the drugs,\" the inspector added.A case was booked against Suren under the Narcotic Drugs and Pschotropic Substances (NDPS) Act by the Golconda police. He was produced in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16897153", "title": "'NSCN's emotional integrity plea natural'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Anticipating a solution for the NSCN (IM) soon, chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday said the state would continue to oppose the Naga outfit's primary demand for territorial integration of Naga inhabited areas in Assam. Gogoi, however, is sympathetic to his Nagaland counterpart Nephiu Rio's expectation of Centre's nod to at least the 'emotional integrity' of the Naga people living outside Nagaland in its neighbouring states.The NSCN (IM) wants to carve out a greater Nagaland by including all Naga inhabited areas of Manipur, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh to the present state of Nagaland.\"I am aware of the Naga peace talks and that a solution is nearing soon. This is a positive development but we cannot give our land. We have been saying this before and we will continue to resist this in future,\" Gogoi said.In reaction to Rio's hopes of emotional integration, Gogoi said, \"I am not opposed to emotional integration of the people. There is no harm and in fact this is quite natural. People of Assam also live in other parts of country and the world and there is always the emotional bonding.\"The Naga peace talks has recently activated both Assam and Manipur following reports of a solution being finalized very soon.Manipur on Friday formed a cabinet sub-committee headed by chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh to monitor the final stages of the Naga peace talks.Singh is now camping in New Delhi and will meet Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , to have an insight into what is happening in the Naga issue.Amidst reports of Gogoi and Singh making a joint effort to block any move for the territorial integration, Gogoi said he is not in touch with his Manipur counterpart. \"I do not know about any steps being taken by Manipur,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16897308", "title": "Willpower helped me win battle against cancer: Sharad Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Checkmating opponents has been Sharad Pawar's favourite political game. But there came a moment in his life when he was stymied by \"imminent death\" after he was diagnosed with cancer. And according to him, willpower and inspiration from his mother helped him win the battle against the deadly disease.\"I was asked by the doctor to complete the legal formalities (like making the will etc) as I was told that I would live for only six months. However, I believed in my willpower and fought cancer. It is possible to defy death,\" said Pawar, who for the first time spoke in detail on his cancer, its impact on the family and political career.The NCP honcho was first diagnosed with cancer in the left cheek in 1999.He was suffering from submucous fibrosis in which the inner lining of the mouth is damaged, causing a fibrous tissues to form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897999", "title": "Celebrating Navratri, the South Indian style", "text": "INDORE: Indore is indeed coming of age. Embracing rich and vivid cultures of different corners of the country, the city is turning out into a mini-India vibrant with festive spirit. The latest addition is the celebrations of Navratri, the South Indian style. And it is catching up with Indoreans and how.\"In this fast changing world, it has become a necessity to go an extra mile to keep our cultures and traditions alive. It is with this intention that we are organizing programmes especially for the people from the South. It also helps others to know about the rich culture and traditions,\" said Ranganath SM, trustee of South India Cultural Association (SICA) who has been celebrating Navratri in the traditional south Indian custom at his place.Ranganath's family has been setting up Golu Padi since past 25 years in his house. The tradition of decorating 'Golu Padi' at home is a South Indian way of celebrating Navratri. Golu Padi is a step-like makeshift structure made inside a house. Idols of gods are placed on the top while the other steps are decorated with a variety of exquisite show pieces and handicraft items as well as sweets. No Golu Padi is complete without wooden dolls called Marapacchi (Raja-Rani) that depict a couple.\"Marapacchi is considered very auspicious in our culture. We gift our daughters with these dolls as a blessing when they get married,\" said Padmini Khajanchi.'Haldi-Kumkum' is another important aspect of Golu Padi wherein women get-together and also visit each other's house. The hosts gift the visitors with 'Tambulam,' a set of item that comprises coconuts, fruits and a utility article.Swarnlata Mahadevan, a resident of Anup Nagar, had a nine-stepped 'Golu Padi' at her house this year. \"It's been 30 years since I have been setting up these steps at my house,\" said Mahadevan. The steps at her house had a unique collection of idols of gods including Dashavatara, the ten incarnations of lord Vishnu, Ashtalaxmi, Chamundi and goddess Minaxi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16897758", "title": "Aldona woman held for harassing minors", "text": "MAPUSA: A woman from Aldona was arrested on charges of subjecting five minor girls to harassment, torture and abuse after employing them as domestic help under various sections of the IPC and the Goa Children's Act. The rescued victims have been sent to the state protective home, Apna Ghar. An offence was registered following a complaint by an NGO, Child Line, Caritas, Panaji. According to the complaint, the accused, Agnes Lobo, a resident of Cottarbhat in Aldona kept in her custody five children and a girl aged between 15 and 21 years, all natives of Jharkhand , and employed them at different places for domestic work and assaulted them physically and emotionally, thereby subjecting them to cruelty.Police said that the girls were employed for household work by Lobo and she used to collect their pay and then refuse to pay them their salaries. The children were also physically tortured when they use to demand their salaries or freedom from her clutches, the complaint reads. Acting on the complaint, the Mapusa police registered the case under Section 323 of the IPC and Sections 8(1), 8(4) read with 2 (m) (1) of the Goa Children's Act, 2003. Further investigations are in progress.The complainant has demanded that the police department should be more serious in nabbing agents who traffic minors to Goa and then initiate proactive action in dealing with the families who employ them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900767", "title": "Saxy, and I know it", "text": "Twenty four-year-old saxophone whiz Rhys Sebastian, Mumbai's only musician at the 5th Rajasthan International Folk Festival, is being touted as the guy to watch out for.Learning on the job sounds barely convincing if that's how a free-spirited 24-year-old says he mastered filtering out deep, lovesick notes from his weatherworn saxophone. But give the kid his brass and a few, mellow toots later, you know that Rhys Sebastian D'Souza hasn't let his prioritising of performing live over regular practice, come in the way of chasing excellence.Like all children raised in a home reverberating with sweet, live music, Rhys grew up soaking the music that top names in Mumbai's live music scene would create while jamming with his parents at their Bandra home. The only son of accomplished pianists Merlin and Bosco, Rhys began singing at three, trained in western classical piano at five, and left both at 13 to learn the clarinet. His wandering mind hadn't found its muse. At 16, his grandmother gifted him a rugged, second-hand alto saxophone. \"I'm sure my parents decided I should play the sax, discussed it with granny, and coaxed me in to learning a new instrument without my consent,\" he jokes.To master the sax, which inherently pines for Jazz music, Rhys turned to one of India's top saxophonists, Joe Pereira. \"I learnt theory for three months, but I felt so comfortable with it, I didn't feel like 'learning' it anymore. So I played live, learning on the go.\"His first live performance was on the clarinet at 13 at Marine Drive's Not Just Jazz By The Bay with Jazzy Joe and the Jazz Junkeys \u2014 Joe Pereira and his students who were musicians trapped in the bodies of doctors and merchant navy captains. \"My only motivation was the awesome, free food I got to polish off after the show,\" he chuckles.While studying at St Andrews, and later St Xavier's (mass media), Rhys meandered into the band space, playing for an ensemble group called Untitled. But on evenings when Pereira couldn't play with his three-piece act at Taj Mahal hotel's Sea Lounge, Rhys would stand in for him. \"I'd rush home from college, and jump onto the next train that took me to town. Wearing that crisp black jacket, playing standard jazz pieces for four hours, a free five-star treat and getting paid 700 bucks was a kick,\" he remembers.It was then time for Rhys to go pro. He joined his mother at her jazz group, Merlin and The All Stars Big Band, and played gigs with all the old hands he had grown up hearing in his Bandra drawing room.For the last two years, Rhys has juggled a range of freelance assignments \u2014 gigs, television commercials and corporate shows. \"This year alone, I have been to Auckland , Sydney , Singapore , Jakarta , Bangkok and Tokyo; I only had to play light, ambient music at corporate cocktail parties. And the money is good,\" he says, unapologetically.But for a high, it's the stage he has to hit. \"The adrenaline rush is so good, it's like working out on stage. With time, I've developed a slight ego. I couldn't accept applause earlier, but not anymore. I can't imagine what performing at RIFF, in the grand ambience of a large fort, will be like.\"Being swamped with shows or projects \u2014 like teaming up with Australian beatboxing sensation Dub FX and Sarangi player Sabir Khan for an episode on The Dewarists or performing with Lionel Richie for IPL 3 \u2014 leaves him no more than an hour a week to practice, which he says is \"horrible\". But given his regular experimenting with two guitars, bass guitar and piano, it's obvious that he is plotting the long journey. \"I learn music by listening to it intently, repeatedly, breaking down the instrument sounds in my head. Stray notes filed away in my memory come rushing back when I'm recording or playing live. I try them out, and improvise. If it doesn't sound good, I don't play it again.\"His take on sax is similar to that of legend Charlie Parker's, who said, \"Don't play the saxophone...Let it play you.\" Rhys considers the sax his voice. \"Sax, like the human voice, is monophonic. It produces only one note at a time. It's my voice now, the only instrument I can emote with.\"Anand.Holla @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896392", "title": "Severed head on Chennai road shocks passersby", "text": "CHENNAI: People on Wall Tax Road on Saturday noon got the shock of their life when they found the severed head of a man on the road. It turned out that a sub-inspector was taking the head of an accident victim, wrapped in a plastic cover and kept in a bucket, after a forensic analysis to the Moolakothalam burial ground, on his bike. It slipped off the bike's carrier as the policeman tried to avoid a pothole.Panic-stricken people called police. Elephant Gate police said the head had sutures and appeared to have been preserved in a chemical. \"The eyes were decomposed, but there was flesh on the forehead. The head was shrunk as it was kept in the chemical for more than a month,\" said inspector S Ramesh Babu. Things became clear when traffic police sub-inspector Agoramurthy came searching for the head he had accidentally dropped on the road.P Balavesham, a tricycle rider, said around noon he found people gathered on the road, looking at something closely. \"I thought it was an accident. Going closer, I found this head wrapped in a plastic cover,\" he said. Some like Murugaiah and Padmanaban said they feared it was a murder. \"A gold merchant from Kodungaiyur was murders two years ago. His body parts were scattered on the road side in Elephant Gate and Choolai areas,\" Murugaiah said.As soon as the Elephant Gate police took away the head, sub-inspector Agoramurthy went their claiming for the 'specimen.' He showed the postmortem records and the forensic department delivery receipt of the head which was to be taken from the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital to a burial ground.The reports showed that man - who is still unidentified - was killed in a road accident reported on 200 Feet Road near Thathangkuppam in Villivakkam on August 30. According to witnesses, a van bearing an Andhra Pradesh registration number hit the pedestrian and sped away.The Thirumangalam traffic investigation police sent his body to the Government General Hospital for autopsy which was done on September 19. Since the body was decomposed, they could not use any of the body parts for DNA mapping. Forensic experts hence removed the skull so that they could use it for superimposition of images, a known method of identifying faces with skulls.The head was handed over to police on Saturday for disposal. Agoramurthy said he bought a new plastic bucket and some plastic cover from a shop for disposing of the head. On Wall Tax Road, the head fell off the bucket when he tried to avoid a pothole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16896196", "title": "Post-poll tension at Ravenshaw", "text": "CUTTACK: A day after student union polls passed off peacefully in the city, tension prevailed on the Ravenshaw University campus on Saturday as defeated candidates demanded recounting of the votes.Chinmay Das, a losing candidate contesting for the post of general secretary, and two other losing candidates contesting for the post of dramatic secretary, have demanded recounting of votes alleging that the university authorities had manipulated the results. Students locked the main gate of the varsity and gheraoed teachers.\"We will not leave the campus until the authorities declare recounting of votes for the post dramatic secretary,\" said Sagar Jena, one of the losing candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jakarta", "code": "16900768", "title": "Smriti falters on final day of Ladies Indonesia Open", "text": "JAKARTA: Four dropped shots on the last four holes saw Smriti Mehra drop from tied second to tied eighth at the end of the $200,000 Ladies Indonesia Open.Smriti, who led at the end of the first day, dropped to second after second round and finally finished tied eighth after a third round of 76 on Saturday.Diminutive Thai golfer Patcharachuta Kongkapan, who was tied with Smriti after second round, showed she has a big future by cruising to a three-shot victory with a four-under-par 68, which saw her dominate the final round at Palm Hill Golf Club with no one able to get close.Neha Tripathi, one of the rising stars of Indian women's golf, carded an even par 72 in the final round to finish at tied 14th, up from tied 21st overnight. Neha had rounds of 75 and 73 on first two days.Vani Kapoor, who was as high as tied 11th after second round plummeted to tied 32nd with a final round 79 after round of 76 and 70 on first two days.Saaniya Sharma (78, 75, 77) was tied 49th. Smriti, the first round leader, had a poor finish carding a bogey on 15, a double on 17 and a bogey on the last to fall back into a tie for eighth.Taiwan's Hsieh Yu-ling claimed second place after shooting a 68, while Malaysian amateur Kelly Tan finished in third position two shots further back. She closed with a 74.Tan led by one stroke at the start of the third and final round from Patcharachuta and veteran Smriti.However, the Thai golfer swiftly pulled ahead with birdies on the first, third, fourth and seventh. She led by four shots at the turn and cruised home with her only bogey of the day coming on the last.It is Patcharachuta's first win on the Ladies Asian Golf Tour and the third win of the season by a Thai player.Nontaya Srisawang claimed the Ladies Thailand Open in February, while Tiranan Yoopan triumphed in last month's Technology Cup in Taiwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896707", "title": "MSEDCL junior engineer held for corruption", "text": "PUNE: The State Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), Pune, on Saturday arrested Sachin Kale (38), a junior engineer working with the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL), for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 2,000 from a contractor for granting permission to install electricity meters.ACB assistant commissioner of police Hemant Bhat, in a statement, said Sanjay Irle (28) from Mundhwa, a contractor with the power distribution company, had completed all the necessary formalities and sought permissions for installing electricitymeters of seven consumers from the MSEDCL office at Handewadi between May 2 and August 12.The ACB said Kale had allegedly demanded bribe of Rs 7,000 - Rs 1,000 per meter - from Irle, for clearing the file.The statement reads that Irle , after making rounds of Kale's office,had paid a bribe of Rs 5,000 and had promised to pay the balance of Rs 2,000 at a later stage. Kale later asked Irle to pay the remaining amount on Saturday.ACB officials arrested Kale while accepting bribe after Irle registered a complaint under the relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897588", "title": "'Over 10,000 delegates expected for Iffi'", "text": "PANAJI: The venue of the Iffi opening and closing ceremonies has been shifted. The ceremonies which were earlier slated to be held at Darya Sangam near Kala Academy, will now be held on the SAG football ground.ESG vice chairman Vishnu Surya Wagh said the shift of venues was done to accommodate more people. He said the new venue would accommodate 3,500 people. Provision for parking arrangements will be made at the Campal parade ground and the SAG ground opposite it. Wagh said, this year the number of festival delegates is expected to cross 10,000 as against 8,000 the previous year.He also disclosed plans for holding open air movie screenings and cultural programmes in various parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896611", "title": "Schoolboy mission turns into life-saver", "text": "KOLKATA: A schoolboy dream that started in 1980 has turned into a unique medicine bank for the poor - possibly the first in the country.Moved by the plight of the needy, a group of Class X boys started going door to door to collect unused medicines. \"Thousands of pills go waste every day because people do not complete a course. But there are people who are dying in want of them. We are working to make people aware of the need to bridge the gap,\" said D Ashis, general secretary of the Medical Bank and one of those boys who started it 32 years back.The medicine bank has tied up with 500-odd clubs and other organizations that collect unused medicines from people. A dedicated team sorts them and painstakingly keeps accounts of stock. The bank has roped in around 200 doctors as well.\"Around 1 lakh people come to us every year. We also run a free clinic ,\" said Ashis. \"It's proved to be a life-saver for lakhs of people. It's a privilege to treat 15-20 patients referred by the Medical Bank per month,\" said renowned chest specialist Manish Chandra Pradhan.What if a medicine is rare or not in store? \"We give a date to the patient and make it a point to arrange for it. If we can't, we buy it for him. We spend around Rs 15,000-20,000 every month on such cases,\" said a member of the organization, at the Sovabazar Hatkhola counter.People from far-off places for the free pills. Avilash Das, a 55-year-old labourer and heart patient, has been taking medicines from the bank for five months. \"I owe my life to the medicine bank. I've also requested for a pacemaker,\" he said. The medical bank has donated 300 pacemakers over the last decade.Prostrate patient Amulyadhan Dutta's association with the bank goes back to 2008. A retired person, abandoned by his two sons, the 64-year-old has been coming to the bank for the last four years for free medicine. \"I have to be on medication throughout my life. Each pill costs Rs 12. I will die the day the bank stops giving me medicine since I can't afford to buy them,\" he said.But has the organization achieved the goal they aimed at 32 years back? \"We've managed to approach around 40% of the citizens. It's not that all of them contribute, but now they at least know what can be done with the unused strips. When we started, they were absolutely clueless. We could've done much more with a little government support,\" Ashis repented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896433", "title": "Prime time TV shows no match for Ramlila", "text": "JAIPUR: It's just the time of the year when people prefer to watch live scenes of the fight of good over evil aka 'Ramlia' rather than stick to the idiot box.A sea of humanity thronging most Ramlila grounds in the city is an ample proof of this. Neither Amitabh Bachchan giving away lakhs in 'Kaun Banega Crorepati' nor Salman Khan's big talk in 'Bigg Boss' is deterring residents from coming out of their homes to share moments of laughter and devotion of the Ramlila.Even inflation could not dampen the spirits of spectators or discourage the organizers of the Ramlila in at least 12 places in the city on a lavish scale.Gokulesh Chaturvedi, who is playing the role of Ravana at Adarsh Nagar's Ramlia for the past 15 years, believes that no TV show can ever hit the popularity of Ramlila.While getting dressed for the Ramlila on Saturday, he said \"Amitabh ji aur Salman ji ka repeat show aayega (Amitabh's and Salman's shows have repeat telecast).\"I don't think TV shows or budgetary problems can affect the Ramlila. None of the Ramlila grounds in the city are witnessing any decline in the number of spectators,\" he added.Artists, who are essaying different roles in the Ramlila, say they are being paid handsomely for the 10-day event, thus, denying that organizers are trying to cut costs. \"For our performances for 10 days, we used to charge Rs 1.5 lakh for around 25 artistes. This year we are getting Rs 2.5 lakh. Evidently, the organizing committees are not trying to be frugal,\" said Pawan Chaturvedi, who recites various Chaupaiyan of Ramanyana at a Ramlila.Though the audience response was lukewarm for the first two days but their numbers are only increasing.For the attendees the Ramlila is a 10-day affair but for the artistes involved the preparations take the whole year.\"After Dussehra, we will head to Mathura as we've been booked by a committee to enact the Ramayana for 10 days. Likewise, in January we have been invited to Nepal and Kathmandu to stage the Ramlila at the festivals organized by temple committees,\" said Pawan.Many artists are also trying to take up alternative careers to sustain themselves for the rest of the year when there is no Ramlila. But still they wish to continue working in the Ramlila.\"I am a second year BCom student and preparing for the CA exam. Even if I become a chartered accountant, I will continue to enact various roles be it Lord Rama or others,\" said Anmol Chaturvedi.Artists from Mathura and Vrindavan have been participating in the city Ramlilas and say Jaipur plays a perfect host to them. \"Be the organizing committees or the audiences, they all give us so much support, respect and love,\" said Bal Krishna Chaturvedi from Mathura, who essays the role of Vishwamitra.EomJaipur: Despite the fact that Ramleelas in the city start at the prime time when the television channels air shows including Amitabh Bachchan's 'Kaun Banega Crorepati' and Salman Khan's 'Big Boss', it has not affected the audiences to witness this ancient art of mythological drama. Even the factors like inflation did not demoralized the organisers as at least 12 places in the city are organizing Ramleela on lavish scale across the city.Gokulesh Chaturvedi who is playing the role of Ravana at Aadarsh Nagar's Ramleea for the past 15 years believed that craze for Ramleela was never been affected by the television shows.Using his baritone voice while getting ready for the Ramleela on Saturday, he said \"Amitabh ji aur Salman ji ka repeat show aayega (Amitabh's and Salman's shows will have repeat telecast).\"I don't think there has been any influence of television or budget in the Ramleela functions. All the Ramleela grounds in the city are packed and we are getting good number of audiences,\" he added.Artiste working in Ramleelas getting handsome remuneration for their 10-days act and they claimed that factors like inflation has not demoralized the organizers.\"For our 10-days act we used to charge Rs 1.5 for at least 25 artistes. This year it has gone up to to Rs 2.5 lakh. Irrespective of the factors including television or inflation various organizing committees are lavishly organizing these shows,\" said Pawan Chaturvedi who recites various Chaupaiyan of Ramanyana epic at a Ramleela said.He added that audiences are less in numbers during the initial two days but thereafter a sharp rise is been witnessed.Ramleela could be a fortnightly affair for some people, but for these artistes it is an affair which continues round the year.\"After the completion of Dusserra we will head for Mathura where we are booked by some committee to play the epic Ramayana for 10 days. Likewise in the month of January we are invited at Nepal and Kathmandu where temple committees organise such festivals,\" said Pawan.There are many artiste who are preparing hard for other careers but they wish to continue to work in the Ramleelas.\"I am a second year B.com student and pursuing for Chartered Account exam. Even if I become chartered accountant I will continue to enact various roles varying from Lord Rama and others,\" said Anmol Chaturvedi.Artistes from Mathura and Vrindavan have been participating in the city Ramleelas and they believe Jaipur as a perfect host to them. \"Be the organizing committees or the audiences, they all give us ample support, respect and love,\" said Bal Krishna Chaturvedi who plays Vishwamitras in city Ramleelas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896418", "title": "36 children fell ill after DPT injection", "text": "JAIPUR: Thirty-six children of a government school fell ill after an auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) administered DPT vaccine in Sirohi district on Saturday.Following the incident, the medical health and family welfare department sent samples of the vaccine for testing. The department claimed that it was because of the fault of ANM that the children fell ill as the nurse had administered the vaccine to the government's school children who are more than five years of age. The vaccine was made to be administered to children of than five years.Soon after the injections of DPT were administered to the children, they developed redness in the area of the body where the vaccine was administered. The children also complaint of fever and found it difficult to walk.The department has now kept the children under its observation. Sirohi chief medical health officer S K Tak said, \"The condition of the children is not alarming. All of them are fine. As a precaution, we have deployed ANMs to look after them. Each ANM has been directed to do cold sponging on the affected part of the children.\"Doctors have also administered antibiotics to the children.\"After the initial investigation, the department has decided to take action against the ANM who administered vaccine to overage (above 5 years) children and also the nurse had administered the injections on the wrong side of the body,\" Tak said.Tak claimed that there was nothing wrong with the vaccines as vaccines from the same batch vaccine were administered to other children earlier. \"But we are also sending a sample of the vaccine for testing,\" he said.The DPT vaccine is administered to children so that they develop immunity against diseases like diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus.Health department officials said all the affected children have been sent to their homes and the ANMs are asked to take care of them to treat redness at the injection site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897369", "title": "Crime digest Varsha Jhamre granted bail, still in jail", "text": "NAGPUR: The district and session court granted bail to Varsha Jhamre, who was arrested for alleged involvement in a scam worth around Rs25 crore. But, despite of her bail being granted on the cash security of Rs50,000 three days ago, she still has to stay in Nagpur central jail as no one from her family or any relative is willing to pay the bail amount. It has been learnt that due to her involvement in the fraud, her parents and relatives have refused to give the bail amount.Woman hangs self over delay in divorceDepressed over delay getting divorced from her husband, a 31-year-old woman hanged herself at her brother's residence in Gayatri Nagar. Neelima Mishra had separated from her husband Amit from last one year and was staying with her five-year-old son at her brother's house. Amit works in a private firm in Jharkhand. On Saturday, Neelima took the extreme step after her brother left for office and her son had gone to the school. The incident came to light when Neelima's brother returned home in the afternoon. No suicide note was found. On checking her call details, police said that the last calls were not made to Amit.NMC teacher heldA NMC teacher was caught red-handed by detection branch while transporting mid-day meal material illegally at Nari in Jairpatka area on Saturday evening. While some cops admitted that such a crime had taken place in their jurisdiction, others denied. Speaking to TOI, a police sub-inspector said that the DB squad had nabbed one teacher in the case while PSI MU Barsakde at the police station denied it. Sources informed that cops settled the matter. Senior police officer BJ Hanpude-Patil did not attend to the calls made to him. At the time of going to press, no offence was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896687", "title": "Special trains to Patna", "text": "PUNE: The railways will run two special trains between Pune and Patna for the festival season. The train (01001) will leave Pune at 10. 45 pm on October 22 and will reach Patna at 8 am on October 24. On the return, the train (01002) will leave Patna at 12.20 pm the same day and reach Pune at 4.05 am on October 26. The trains will have one AC 2-tier coach, two AC 3-tier coaches, 12 sleeper class coaches, five general second class coaches and two general second-class-cum guard's brake vans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16900764", "title": "Arrangements for Durga idols immersion made: Delhi govt to high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government has assured the Delhi high court that arrangements have been made for idol immersion in Yamuna during Durga puja after it was alleged that civic authorities have failed to comply with a 2009 undertaking on building enclosures and were passing the buck.Filing an affidavit before Justice Rajiv Shakdher, the Delhi government told the court that \"a meeting was held on October 12 at the level of Secretary (Environment) regarding construction of designated enclosures for immersion of idols in the river Yamuna.\"The affidavit said the irrigation and flood control department has made enclosures at Ram Ghat, Kudesai Ghat, Geeta Ghat and Kalindi Kunj for the immersion of idols and proper signages have been put up indicating \"Danger, deep water ahead, entry prohibited\" in Hindi and English.DDA would make arrangements of lighting and provide other infrastructures, while the trifurcated MCDs would provide civic amenities including toilets for general public , besides cleaning up the river banks after idol immersion, as per the affidavit.The Delhi Police would take care of traffic management and maintain law and order situation at the sites during the idol immersion, the affidavit also said.After the government assured the court to comply with the court's earlier directions, Justice Shakdher has sought compliance report from the authorities.The court was hearing a contempt petition filed by Tapas, an NGO through its convener Vinod Jain, alleging that the authorities have failed to construct permanent enclosures on Yamuna bank for immersion of idols and other items during festivals in compliance with its 2006 order and also MCD's undertaking to the court in 2009 to build 13 special enclosures.In 2006, the court had directed the MCD to make special permanent enclosures on a PIL seeking direction to maintain the river Yamuna clean and pollution free.In 2009, the agency had given an undertaking to the court to complete the project by 2011 but the agency failed to comply with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "16896699", "title": "Political quagmire and a choked channel", "text": "HALDIA: The Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) of Kolkata Port Trust was born in 1977, the same year the Left Front swept into power in Bengal. Today, 35 years down the line, the problems suffered by industry in Haldia are as much to do with the port as with the change of guard at the state secretariat.\"CPM's Lakshman Seth may claim that he developed Haldia but it is only partly correct.An industrial boom naturally followed the development of the port. The government did help in setting up industry and Lakshman Seth played his part for personal and political interests. He wanted to work out of Haldia and used strong arm tactics to get votes from elsewhere in his constituency.Haldia also generated funds for Seth and CPM to maintain their grip over the region. He was smart enough to take control of the thousands of workers but Nandigram changed everything,\" said a political observer.HDC's troubles began when the administration stopped bothering about dredged silt being dumped back in the water. The CPM blames the Centre and the Nandigram movement for this but they cannot explain why they did not lobby with Delhi for a clean-up when the Left was part of UPA-I.Things turned worse at HDC in 2008 when draught fell to an all-time low. Then, IOC set up a pipeline from Paradip to Haldia, hitting HDC's revenue. KoPT decided to go for mechanized handling of cargo and Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd was given Berths 2 and 8. \"In 2009, when HBT tried to get equipment, it faced stiff resistance from the INTTUC. The Trinamool union wasn't concerned about the port. KoPT started earning Rs 152.60 per tonne as royalty from these two berths.Another company sacked 380 workers but Seth got them reinstated in HBT. The company retrenched 275 more workers and HBT was forced to absorb them as well by MP Subhendu Adhikary,\" said Bimal Mistry of the Citu-affiliated Calcutta Port and Shore Mazdoor Union.The INTTUC, however, maintains that HBT got the contract by quoting abnormally low rates. \"At that time, the company wasn't aware of the ground realities. Their move was instigated by Lakshman Seth who wanted to exert pressure on the other shore handlers.\"It is only fair that HBT reinstated the workers who lost their jobs due to mechanized handling. Today, we find that the 275 workers who were reinstated by Dada (Subhendu Adhikari) have been sacked by HBT. There is bound to be resistance. The fact is that the port management wants HBT to remain but the company wants to be thrown out.Our party wants HBT to leave by itself as it is causing a lot of trouble. There are other agencies that can take over mechanized handling at Haldia,\" a leader said.Adhikary maintains that \"everything is fine\" with the port. \"You can speak to the port users. Not a single ship has been turned away. The trouble is that HBT expects me to get them more cargo, assist them in retrenching workers and earn them profits. Why should I bother? My responsibility lies with the people,\" he said.Several months ago, KoPT had asked the government for some land on lease to dump silt dredged from the navigation channel. The landowners would not only receive monthly payments, their plots would be returned after some time, made more fertile by the silt. The port is yet to get a favourable response from the administration.CPM's Haldia zonal committee secretary Sudarshan Manna says that 2,500 acres land had been earmarked at Nandigram not only for a chemical hub but also to dump silt. The port has a series of new projects lined up, including the mechanization of all general cargo berths at HDC. If the present situation is any indication, the projects may not see the light the day.Seth and others continue to demand that HDC be carved out as a separate entity from KoPT. \"It is HDC that makes the profits that go to pay salary and other benefits for Kolkata Dock staff,\" said Seth's wife, Haldia Municipality chairperson Tamalika Panda Seth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896807", "title": "CBI books Tejinder Singh for bribe offer to ex-Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: After six months of elaborate investigation, the CBI on Saturday filed a case against Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh for allegedly offering a bribe of Rs 14 crore to former Army chief General VK Singh to clear the purchase of 1,676 high-mobility Tatra trucks for the Indian Army.The agency carried raids at seven places in Delhi, Mumbai and Noida on the premises of Vectra Group chairman Ravi Rishi and Tejinder Singh's residence at Safdarjung Enclave here, and recovered Rs 98 lakh in cash and also questioned the retired Lt Gen.Sources say that Tejinder Singh even had links with alleged arms-dealer Abhishek Verma, which is being probed.Although there was a two-year lag between when the ex-Army chief reported the alleged bribe offer to defence minister AK Antony and CBI registering a Preliminary Enquiry (PE), the agency has decided to launch a formal investigation since the evidence seemed to corroborate Gen VK Singh's version of what transpired between the two.CBI is conducting a parallel inquiry into the complaint regarding the monopoly Tatra has enjoyed for two decades in supplying all-terrain trucks to defence forces. Sources said the charge sheet in the case is in final stages, and could be filed in a Delhi court shortly. The agency is expected to charge officials of Tatra and the public sector, Bharat Earth Movers Limited.Sources in the CBI said that preliminary investigation has established retired Tejinder Singh's meeting with the then Army chief as well as that the latter was unhappy with what had transpired. During its probe, CBI has established that cause of action of Tejinder Singh's visit to General VK Singh on September 22, 2010, was because \"the file related to procurement of Tatra trucks was lying on the table of army chief that day\" and that \"Tejinder Singh offered bribe on behalf of Ravi Rishi as he is closely associated with the latter\".Antony's confirmation of General VK Singh's \"oral complaint\" was found to be strong corroborative evidence.But strengthened the case for a formal investigation was evidence of Tejinder Singh's alleged dealings with lobbyists for arms manufacturers, including a Korean company. Tejinder Singh has been booked under section 12 of the Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act. Under Section 12 of the PC Act, a person who abets the offence of making a public servant accept illegal gratification, whether or not that offence is committed in consequence of that abetment, can be punished with the minimum punishment of six months which may extend to five years.\"We have evidence of his links with a shadowy set of former defence officers who were on the payroll of arms manufacturers and suppliers\", said a senior CBI source.In addition, the ex-Army chief had recommended Tejinder Singh for heading the National Technical Research Organization (NTRO) a few days before the alleged bribe proposal was made. This led the CBI to believe that General VK Singh was not biased against Tejinder Singh.Gen VK Singh created a sensation when he made public his allegation against Tejinder Singh, leading the Opposition to protest against inaction by Antony. In interviews, the ex-Army chief quoted Tejinder Singh saying that he should not refuse the offer since everyone else had also been on the take.In his statement to Parliament, Antony confirmed the allegation of the former Army chief, but defended himself against the charge of inaction by saying that he had asked Gen VK Singh to put the complaint in writing.The agency investigations corroborated claims made by VK Singh that On September 22, 2010, 'he had asked his staff to take Tejinder Singh out from his office' and \"register entry of Tejinder Singh's visit to VK Singh's office\".Subsequently, scrutiny of \"record of discussion' (RD), in which Lt General (Retd) Tejinder Singh alleged meeting with the then Army chief and their conversation was recorded, also established that the accused had made an offer of Rs 14 crore to Gen VK Singh, sources said. The RD, regarding the bribe-offer made on September 22, 2010, was provided by Gen VK Singh to the CBI, and it was corroborated by Antony as well, said a source.\"During probe, Tejinder Singh's nexus with Ravi Rishi also came to light apart from other arms dealer, which we are looking at,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896639", "title": "The goddess behind bars", "text": "KOLKATA: The only place where Goddess Durga will be locked up for the four puja days is Alipore Central jail.\"For security reasons, we need to keep the idol inside a cell where a purohit, a dhaki and 20 other convicts will conduct the rituals. They will be also sleep inside the cell for the four days,\" said jail superintendent Chittaranjan Ghorui. Inmates have pooled in their wages to hold the puja. The government will pay for the sweets.This year's idol has been modeled by lifer Chandan Chanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16898016", "title": "Two churches in city to organize 'Vidyarambham'", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: For the first time in its history, St Joseph's Cathedral at Palayam in the city will organize 'Vidyarambham' on Vijayadasami Day on October 24. With that, two churches in the city will be initiating children into the world of knowledge this year. The Madre De Deus Church at Vettucaud has been holding the event for the last few years.\"The Vidyarambham programme is being organized following for the first time on this Oct 24, in view offollethe request of devotees. Two children have already registered and a few more are expected to register in the next couple of days,\" said Father John D Bosco. The event will begin with a short prayer, he added.While, at the popular pilgrimage centre, the Madre De Deus Church at Vettucaud, where Vidyarambham has been organizing for the last eight years, arrangements are in full swing. \"Devotees belonging to various communities and from far off places visit the church and based on their interest, the Vidyarambham programme is organized here to introduce the children into the world of formal education,\" said Rosamma Fredy, education convener of the parish council.The church priest will initiate the children into the world of letters after a small prayer and will offer their blessings, the parish council members said.\"By now, over 300 children have registered for Vidyarambham at Madre De Deus Church, Vettucaud to be held at 8am on October 24. More children are expected to register in the coming few days. Last year, over 500 children took part in the Vidyarambham held here,\" said Rosamma. Parents should be present interested to participate in the event are expected to beat the church with their children half an hour before the scheduled time, she said.The devotees interested in initiating their children to the world of knowledge in the presence of Lord Jesus Christ can register at one of these two churches. For registering names for Vidyarambham at Madre De Deus Church, Vettucaud contact: 0471-2500143 and for St Joseph's Cathedral, Palayam, contact: 0471-2320132.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895944", "title": "Inspection of enggineering colleges to continue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inspection of engineering colleges by the government constituted task force will continue as per schedule. The inspections, which started on October 17, are expected to continue till the end of November. Quashing rumours that the inspections would be stalled indefinitely what with engineering colleges lobbying against the same, technical education department officials said that a total of 348 engineering colleges will be assessed for various facilities.A majority of the engineering colleges in the state have refused to comply with the task force inspection norms and officials said that these institutions would be penalised. However, they remained noncommittal on what the penalty would be.On Friday evening, college managements stated that they have requested chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to exempt them from inspections. \"The fee structure for most of the colleges has been fixed at just Rs 35,000. The government had promised to exempt the tier-two colleges from task force inspections. We want the government to stop inspections with immediate effect,\" said KVK Rao, a college management representative.Officials added that the state government had given colleges time to rectify the deficiencies in their facilities.The department of technical education had asked all 689 private engineering colleges in the state to make available e-versions of the details regarding their staff strength, quality of infrastructure and pay scales of teaching and non-teaching staff by the first week of October. The task force units were supposed to verify these claims through inspections spread over a period of two-to-three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897590", "title": "'Entertainment can be new industry'", "text": "PANAJI: With the state seeking alternatives to the mining industry, Entertainment Society of Goa vice chairman Vishnu Surya Wagh has said the entertainment sector can be a viable revenue generating alternative to Goa's mining industry which has come to a halt following the Supreme Court-imposed ban.\"We believe that the entertainment sector has the full capacity to make up for mining revenue,\" the vice chairman said.Citing examples of Ekta Kapoor's Balaji telefilms and the Ramoji film city in Hyderabad as profitable entertainment ventures, Wagh said the entertainment sector is the industry of today and tomorrow. \"What is there in Mumbai? Is there mining in Mumbai? Is there tourism?\" questioned Wagh, emphasizing his point.\"We have never thought in this direction (seeing entertainment as a revenue generating industry),\" he said. Wagh said that every year, while at least 20 full length films are shot in Goa, around 30 NRI weddings each costing Rs 30 crore, as well as a number of fashion shows are held in the state.\"What revenue does the state get? Nothing,\" said Wagh, while adding, \"Imagine if we charged even 5% tax on these, how much revenue would the state earn?\"He sought bringing of such events and other like advertisement shoots under the tax net.\"We will have a separate act for this. It can be the Goa State Entertainment and Events Act,\" he said.Though plans for such an act are under consideration, Wagh said the government has to think over it and it will take a while to implement this. \"People think entertainment means film city,\" he said, when asked how he planned to develop an entertainment industry in the state. \"We need a broad vision. Anything that entertains can be a part of the industry,\" he observed.Wagh, said that while the state witnesses a number of film shoots each year, most of the camera and other equipment has to be bought from outside as it is unavailable in the state.\"My aim is that any expenditure henceforth should be investment for the future entertainment industry,\" stated Wagh, who is also the chairman of Kala Academy, Campal, Panaji.He said he had plans for two film cities in the state, one in North Goa and South Goa, each.\"Goa has that scenic splendour and variety (for a film city),\" Wagh said.He felt that it would take a minimum of two years for the film cities to materialize.\"I have got the plans ready in my mind and only need the government's nod,\" Wagh added. The St Andre MLA also said there are plans for two entertainment theme parks in the state.\"People come to Goa for a holiday with their families. There needs to be some family entertainment facilities,\" he pointed out.He felt such entertainment parks which are usually found in tourist destinations such as Malaysia and Singapore , will generate employment for thousands as well as earn revenue for the state.\"Goa is much bigger than Malaysia or Singapore. We need to develop Goa as an entertainment destination and this can be easily done,\" the St Andre MLA told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16897748", "title": "Slice of Mysore in Bangalore home", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a mini Mysore in Bangalore. There's the Mysore Palace, Mysore Zoo, KRS Dam, Chamundi Hills, Lalit Mahal Palace and the Janapada Loka (recreations of village life) - all recreated in miniature form in this Bangalore house.The person behind this painstaking effort is Bangalore-based Carnatic vocalist Rama Jagadish, who has created a niche for herself in doll display during Dasara. It is not one room but an entire floor at her Jayanagar residence that accommodates her varied doll collection.A tradition passed down from her mother and mother-in-law, Rama developed a liking for this art form ever since she was a child. Arranging dolls of various shapes and sizes in the entire floor takes 20-25 days.This year too she has depicted her chosen theme of Mysore. It is the grand Mysore Palace and the procession in front of the gate that immediately catch one's attention. Placed in front of it is a little variety that she has introduced in the form of the busy temple town of Tirupati.A replica of the Mysore Zoo, elaborately done, occupies one entire room.Add to it the traditional seven steps of dolls that have been put in a separate room. While the first five steps are devoted entirely to different gods - eight avatars of Lakshmi, goddess of Navaratri among others, the sixth and seventh steps (in descending order) depict episodes from the Ramayana.Dolls are dear\"This year, I have spent an approximate Rs 45,000 on adding to my collection. Since 2004, I have been buying dolls each year and therefore I don't have to invest majorly annually,\" said Rama. Last year, she had spent close to Rs 2 lakh in buying specific dolls to keep in line with her theme. She sources her dolls from a couple of shops in Gandhi Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900596", "title": "The common man's double role", "text": "How does one man get to be a SoBo college lab attendant, Manthara, Surpanakaha and Bhagwan Shankar all at once? The answer to that sits in Mumbai's Ramlila mandals.'Playing Ravan has helped me keep my ego in check'Subhash Chaturvedi, 58, is RavanDay job: Assistant account officer, Govind Ballabh Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, UttarakhandSubhash Chaturvedi's passion demands he take a 10-day leave every October and buy a train ticket from Pantnagar in Uttarkhand to Mumbai Central, covering a journey spanning 1,714 km. This routine is 26 years old.The accounts officer with a university in Uttarakhand is part of Sarveshwar Ramkrishnaleela Manch, Mathura, that pitches its tent at Azad Maidan each year to perform the Ramlila, a dramatic folk enactment of the Ramayana held over 10 days. The revelry wraps up on Vijaydashmi to commemorate the victory of Lord Ram over demon king Ravan.It's noon on a Monday afternoon. While mandal members have broken for lunch, Chaturvedi settles himself in a corner reading the Ramcharitmanas, an epic Awadhi poem by Tulisdas, which is the basis of all Ramlila performances.He is acquainting himself with Ravan, the character he has been assigned to play for that evening. \"It's a complex character with shades of gray. He's not all black ,\" says Chaturvedi about the 'disgraceful' character that his colleagues at the university chide him for playing. \"Arre, aur koi kirdaar nahin mila? (Couldn't you find another character to play?) they ask me. That's because most people know him for the evil deed of kidnapping Sita. But isn't it an honour to die many deaths at the hands of Lord Ram?\"Chaturvedi calls Ravan the most misunderstood character in the Ramayana. \"It was because of Ravan that Ram took birth. Ram became what he did because of Ravan. Ravan completes Ram,\" he philosophises, about the king who had a mind sharp enough to have built an aircraft. \"Lanka was made of gold. The subjects were happy. In fact, Hanuman was shocked to see its grandeur when he landed there to rescue Sita,\" he explains.For Chaturvedi, what makes the story relevant today are modern go-to references. \"They seem to get it when I discuss modern-day Ravans. These days, my favourite instance is Robert Vadra,\" Chaturvedi laughs.On the personal front, Ravan has helped keep his ego in check. \"He was arrogant, scoffed at his wife's advice. He'd also procrastrinate, and postpone duties. I've learnt to wrap up my work on time, and I think I'm more receptive to my wife now.\"Ankit.Ajmera@timesgroup.com'I'd pick a sari over a lab coat'Ramchandra Sitaprasad Sharma, 42, is MantharaDay job: K C College lab attendantAs a lab attendant in the Physics department of K C College, Churchgate, Ramchandra Sitaprasad Sharma spends his 7 am to 3 pm work day helping students figure mass, gravity and matter. Maintaining microscopes and battery eliminators is all in a day's work.But during the nine days of Navratri, the Nalasopara resident gets to college two hours later. As actor at Shree Ramleela Mandal, he's up most nights till 1 am. Sharma, who earns Rs 20,000 a month, has this other non-paying job to attend to \u2014 several, actually.Since 1991, he has played sundry characters including Bhagwan Shankar, Sumitra, Ravan wife Mandodari, and Jatayu. This time, he has slipped into the shoes of Manthara, queen Kaikeyi's infamously evil maid, and Surpanakha, Ravan's sister.Father to three teenage sons, Sharma drapes a sari in five minutes flat, saying, \"Our principal, Manju Nichani has been supportive of my work. She allows me to adjust my schedule each Navratri.\"Playing a variety of female characters means he must have a grip on emotion, and work at softening his baritone. \"It's almost mechanical.. simply because I have been doing this for most of my life,\" says Sharma, who first acted in a Ramlila at his village in Shikharpur, when he was 15.After playing Sita for six years, he switched to being Hanuman for a year before arriving in Mumbai in search of a job. \"But I couldn't let go of being part of a Ramlila mandal. My wife and I see this as a service to God.\" It was his brother-in-law, a bus driver with the GPO, who introduced him to the mandal. \"No role is big or small. I know the characters I play as intimately as I know myself. I'm happy just being part of this auspicious event. If given a choice, I'd pick a sari over a lab coat all year round.\"Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com'I can't be like Indra; I have a wife and three kids'S L Singh, 45, is Lord IndraDay job: AdvocateThe Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has ordered the demolition of sections of a residential building in Kurla. Advocate SL Singh hurries through the corridors of Bombay High Court to get a stay order in place before 6 pm. It is taking longer than he imagined, and it looks like he will miss his 6.30 pm deadline to get to the mandal at Cross Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896893", "title": "Imam Eidgah to be Maulana Khalid Rasheed royal guest on Haj", "text": "LUCKNOW: On invitation of the King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz al Saud of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) to perform Haj, the Imam of Eidgah Lucknow Maulana Khalid Rasheed Farangi Mahli left for Mecca from Lucknow via New Delhi on Saturday.The King of Saudi Arabia has invited Islamic scholars and leaders from all over the world and from India, Maulana Khalid Rasheed, who is also the general secretary of the Islamic Centre of India, the head of Darul Uloom Farangi Mahl and Principal Madrasa e Nizamia, has been invited to be the royal guest at the annual pilgrimage of Muslims.Representatives of the Eidgah Committee, Markazi Chand Committee, Islamic Centre of India, All India Sunni Board, All India Sufi Movement, Sheikh Abdul Qadri Foundation and Muslim Youth Federation wished a successful journey to Maulana Khalid Rasheed who would be praying for peace and prosperity in India and welcomed the move of the KSA royalty to invite representative from India for Haj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16897371", "title": "Be prepared for mid-term polls, Pawar tells cadre", "text": "PUNE: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar on Saturday exhorted his partymen to be prepared for mid-term Lok Sabha polls in view of the \"unstable situation\" at the Centre and \"chances of political accidents\".\"Considering the unstable situation, anything is possible. Lok Sabha elections will not have to wait till 2014. There is always a chance of political accidents,\" the Union agriculture minister said.Asked if the central government faces a threat and \"political accident\" imminent, Pawar said, \"I don't see it immediately\", adding that the NCP would not take any step to destabilize the central government.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the two-day state-level party convention here, Pawar said, \"We are a small party with limited numbers. We are not going to stake claim to more cabinet berths than what we have. As of now, we have one vacant seat from our quota and I have recommended Tariq Anwar for this post.\"Asked about the future of Arvind Kejriwal's party, Pawar said, \"They have a bright future\". However, in the same breath, he said, \"Wild allegations are being made without authentic information or concrete evidence. People will listen to this for a while, but ignore it later. I have seen this happening. Allegations were made against me by G R Khairnar. He is still there, but gone into oblivion. If the flurry of baseless allegations continues this way, it will harm the basic fabric of democracy\".Pawar said that the Right to Information (RTI) Act has affected quality of administration. \"Earlier, secretaries wrote their clear opinion on files. But today, they are scared. They write ambiguously, give options and leave the decision to the minister. This has not helped,\" he said.Asked about Sonia Gandhi's performance as UPA chief, Pawar said, \"In the last 11 years, her political assessment has substantially improved and she understands all issues very well. Before parliamentary sessions, she holds meetings with leaders of all the allies\".Pawar said that as per his assessment, Rahul Gandhi would not join the cabinet. Pranab Mukherjee's absence is being felt in Parliament as there is no leader of his stature, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16897009", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation meet: Uneasy start for Lucknow Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: The house proceedings of Lucknow Municipal Corporation witnessed drama and a series of accusations against the \"careless attitude\" of the administration on Saturday. While mayor Dinesh Sharma was seen maintaining his cool throughout the session, listening patiently to the unending complaints of the corporators, the newly appointed municipal commissioner, RK Singh seemed relatively uneasy after facing a barrage of questions one after the other.Several proposals, for obvious reasons, faced stiff opposition like increase in water tariff and making rainwater harvesting project mandatory for housing projects. Corporators were not ready for the two proposals claiming they would be yet another burden on common man.When the house argued that tariffs were last revised in 2001 and since then, the cost of producing water had increased over three times, a corporator was quick to question: \"What increase are you talking about? Normally, water should be supplied two hours daily, in the morning as well as evening. But residents get water for less than one hour both times of the day, so how can you say that the administration is pumping extra money to procure water? The supply is still scarce.\"The mayor instructed all bureaucrats in the house to keep mobile phone numbers of all corporators and also that officials should answer their calls any time, failing which they would be liable for punishment.While the administration officials defended delays and denials in various works falling in their purview, a corporator stood up in the mid of the session and argued, \"What development are we discussing? The LMC website carries all old phone numbers, addresses and details. The tariffs that you show on the website are about 10 years old. The corporation's website is as tired as the corporation itself.\"It was an embarrassing day for the officials, who took turns on the dais, refuting charges and levelling charges against them. There was an official present and when his name was called, the mayor and others failed to recognise him as he never visited the house or met his superiors. This was embarrassing as he was scolded publicly by the mayor for his reckless attitude.While male corporators were busy hijacking each others ideas and proposals, their female counterparts found it difficult to even speak amid all this drama. Some had to stand up and grab the mike to state their grievances. They seemed docile and most of the time pleaded to get a fair chance to speak. Some accompanied their husbands and raised voice only on getting the cue from their spouse.There were some ministers present who vowed that they would try their level best to bring the 74th amendment to give complete economic and administrative power to the LMC and make sure that their funds for the development work were spent on the right cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901406", "title": "Mahesh Babu's new look", "text": "This could well be superstar Mahesh Babu's new look for his forthcoming untitled film, directed by Sukumar. Recently the film's music director Devi Sri Prasad dropped in on the sets of the film and spent some quality time with the actor and director. Devi shared this picture on his micro blogging site.Anil Sunkara, Gopichand and Ram Achanta, who earlier produced Dookudu under 14 Reels Entertainments banner, are once again teaming up with the actor. Kriti Sanon will be making her Tollywood debut with this film, which is currently being shot in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16896770", "title": "Kochi Metro still waits at crossroads for green signal", "text": "KOCHI: The morning after, the attempt was to prevent an abortion of the Metro deal.The confusion over DMRC's role in the implementation of the Kochi Metro project saw almost everyone coming out with compromise formulae, recommendations and accusations, submitting new letters of consensus and unearthing old ones of questioning content.Across the state, the Rs 5,181-crore project's future hung heavily on everyone's talks. The state government on Saturday ignored the confusion and stuck to its earlier stance.While chief minister Oommen Chandy said that Kochi Metro project should be given to DMRC, minister Aryadan Muhammed went a step further saying that the government is going ahead with the procedures to hand over Kochi's dream venture to the DMRC with Metro man E Sreedharan driving it to completion. Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan claimed that it is a ploy of the central and state governments to exclude DMRC and Sreedharan from the project.Amidst all this chaos, work was going on as usual at the site of the North ROB's reconstruction as the side bays would be opened to the public on November 15. Sensing the pulse of the people, Kochi mayor Tony Chammany submitted a letter to Sudhir Krishna, secretary of the ministry of urban development, and the chairman of DMRC, saying that the people of Kochi, and also Kerala, would want the DMRC to take over this work.And the coup d'etat came from P Rajeeve, MP, who produced a letter written by former KMRL managing director Tom Jose to Sudhir Krishna on Sepetmber 26 to check whether E Sreedharan has been given the power to enter an agreement with Kerala government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16896586", "title": "Officer shot dead in police station, cop arrested", "text": "HOWRAH: A 30-year-old police officer, who had joined service barely 13 days ago, was killed inside Shyampur police station on Friday night when a colleague fired a shot from his service revolver.Sub-inspector Amar Sarkar was sitting at his duty desk when the .38 bullet pierced his shoulder and tore into his chest cavity. ASI Prabir Ghosh, who is 20 years his senior but junior in rank, was arrested and charged with murder after Sarkar's brother filed an FIR. A few hours before his death, Sarkar had spoken to one of his sisters and made plans for Puja.In his defence, Ghosh says the revolver went off when he was checking it after loading it in front of the duty officer, as is the rule. But veterans say that the revolver could not have gone off unless the safety catch had been flicked to the 'off' position and the hammer cocked back. Even if the gun was faulty, as Ghosh claims, an experienced policeman should have known not to point it at anyone.Why an officer with decades on the job would check his loaded weapon while aiming it at somebody is something that has foxed investigators.According to sources, the shooting happened at 11.30pm when a night patrol party led by Ghosh was preparing to leave the police station. Amar, a resident of Ishapore in North 24-Parganas, had joined Shyampur police station as a probationary SI on October 7 and was the duty officer. Sarkar's brother has accused Ghosh of pre-meditated murder.The SI was first taken to the local primary health centre and then to a private hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. \"It is a sad incident. The ASI has been arrested and will be interrogated further. The weapon has been seized and sent for examination. We are probing all possible angles,\" said Howrah SP Bharat Lal Meena. Ghosh has been charged under the Arms Act as well.The dead officer was accorded a guard of honour at Uluberia on Saturday. Sarkar had gained the confidence of his seniors less than a fortnight into service. According to one of his superiors, Sarkar was upright and had apparently warned his juniors against getting involved in corrupt activities. \"He had told me a few days ago that he wants to rise in his career and portray himself as an honest police officer. He was also exploring the possibility of joining the excise department. In the few days that he was at Shyampur, he had gained the confidence of locals and was quite popular,\" the officer said.Sarkar is survived by his siblings and elderly parents., both of whom are over 80 years old . His mother is a heart patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16895808", "title": "US wants India to sway Iran to join nuclear talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US wants India to persuade Iran to return to the negotiating table on its nuclear programme, the first time it has openly asked New Delhi to intercede with Tehran.Speaking to TOI ahead of his meetings with national security advisor (NSA) Shivshankar Menon and foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai in the US-India strategic security dialogue here, deputy secretary in the US State Department , William Burns , said, \"We feel a great sense of urgency, an urgency widely shared in the international community. There is a great deal at stake here, given Iran's failure thus far to comply with its international obligations \u2014 the danger of increased tension, nuclear arms race in a region that already has more than its share of instability and which plays a very important role in the health of the global economy.\" He said the US hopes India would reinforce this message to the Iranian leadership.Despite almost crippling sanctions against Iran's energy and finance sectors, all indications are that Tehran's nuclear programme continues apace. Burns said the tough sanctions were necessary to bring Iran back to talks, insisting that diplomacy remained the US' preferred option. Unspoken is the fact that sanctions also serve to keep Israel's military option from taking off, which could trigger something far bigger than a regional conflict.Burns said, \"US and India share an important strategic goal and that is to ensure that Iran does not acquire a nuclear weapon and does not create those risks. We believe it's absolutely essential that Iran meet its international obligations and engage seriously in the diplomatic process of the 5+1 mechanism.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, in his conversation with the Iranian Supreme Leader on the sidelines of the recent NAM summit, had officially said India expected Iran to comply with its NPT obligations. The US believes India carries a lot of clout with the Iranian leadership, and wants to help to get Tehran back on the negotiating table. Unfortunately, that's not what Indians believe, and that is a significant gap between India and the US.In private conversations, the US has told India they believe there is a real risk of military confrontation over this issue. The dual track of pressure and engagement has hurt Iranian economy, while its currency was in free fall last week, triggering the first protests against the government. Burns said, \"We will work with our international partners to step up economic pressure, political isolation, not as an end in itself but as a means to ensure Iran engages seriously and meets its international obligations. Already, those sanctions have had a considerable impact. Iranian economy is down nearly 50% and there is a 50% drop in Iran's currency and oil sales. We are very serious about our concerns on this issue, and America is not alone in those concerns. I think they are widely shared in the international community. The sooner Iran engages seriously better for all of us.\"But this is easier said than done. Iran last met the P5+1 in July: their demand that Tehran should stop production of fissile material, close Fordow nuclear site and ship nuclear material out of the country found no takers at home. In return, Iran offered to temporarily halt enrichment in lieu of full lifting of sanctions. This was a non-starter.Meanwhile, Iran is completing the facility in Fordow, stockpiling higher enriched uranium, which international inspectors found the 16th cascade of centrifuges in the Natanz facility is in place. A negotiated set of \"modalities\" between Iran and IAEA is still elusive. A first bilateral meeting between the US and Iran held in Geneva also came a cropper.On the other hand, Iran says they could get to a settlement with the West, if there was a recognition of Iran's right to a peaceful nuclear programme under the NPT. Western officials say Iran is already in violation of its commitments under the NPT. During a visit here this week, the Iranian deputy foreign minister Seyyed Abbas Araghchi told journalists the longer the delay the more advanced their nuclear programme would be.In this game of chicken, Israel is the wild card entry. The Israeli PM Binyamin Netanyahu dramatically displayed the red lines that Iran could not cross at the UN General Assembly a couple of weeks ago, setting off alarm bells that a military strike may yet happen. This would be bad news for everybody but mostly for the US which would have to assist Israel, in which case it would be another Islamic nation versus US.In the region, Gulf Arab states from Saudi Arabia to Qatar, Bahrain etc have all expressed apprehension about Iran's nuclear ambitions, which theoretically puts them on the same page as the Israelis. But if Israel attacks Iran, this could make Shia majority nation a target of support by the Islamic world against Israel since Tehran's nuclear programme is intricately woven with its geopolitical ambitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "16896678", "title": "A sinking feeling in Haldia", "text": "HALDIA: What makes cargo operator Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) feel insecure when the East Midnapore administration tells high court that all is well? The answer lies in the \"post-poribartan\" equations that have unsettled two decades of status quo in the industrial township under CPM strongman Lakshman Seth during the Left regime.The \"poritbartan\" wave that started in Nandigram and swept across Talpati canal to Haldia on the other bank demolished the sway of CPM's Shramik Bhavan on contract labourers that political parties had exploited to extract their pound of flesh.Haldia Bhavan is the new power centre, with Trinamool strongman Subhendu Adhikari calling the shots. While Seth had tried to spread his influence in neighbouring areas with his strong labour base in Haldia, Subhendu is trying to make inroads in the labour unions with the support he enjoys in Nandigram. In this structural shift of labour management, the first victims are the contract labourers many of whom have switched loyalties to save their jobs. The uncertainty has crept into this port town with political rivals trying to outpace each other in militant labour movement.In this bizarre equation, Haldia municipality chief Tamalika Ponda Seth sees reason in HBT's decision to sack 275 contract labourers, while her husband, Lakshman Seth, had bargained hard with HBT to absorb 380 in 2009. \"Trinamool is fighting to save the jobs of the 275 workers. We don't support retrenchment but if the livelihood of thousands of other workers is at stake, we have to accept HBT's decision,\" Tamalika said.Seth's gameplan seems to be to wait for Subhendu to swallow the bitter pill before playing saviour and regaining his lost support base among workers. Seth had made a last minute decision to negotiate with Kolkata Port Trust over the port imbroglio.The challenge for Subhendu is manifold. He is already having a tough time with former Union minister Mukul Roy and MLA Siuli Saha keeping an eye on him, denying him the hegemony that Seth once enjoyed.The strife within Trinamool was manifest in the Haldia municipal poll results - Tamalika won a surprise victory. This made things more difficult for Subhendu. Caught between the rising expectations of his loyalists in Nandigram and the demands of the industry, Subhendu chose the militant route, much to the dismay of Haldia industrialists.With panchayat elections looming, Trinamool can't risk being seen as anti-worker, especially since many dock labourers are from the rural parts of East Midnapore.Subhendu, in fact, has been blamed for trying to push in workers from places like Nandigram, which proved to be CPM's waterloo. That explains why an over-staffed Haldia unit was forced to absorb nearly 250 workers from Nandigram recently. The CPM harps on the cause of the \"sons of the soil\" who gave land for industry though very few of the landlosers got a job when the Left Front was in government.The confused command structure has also put Haldia administration in a dilemma. It can't ignore the higher-ups in Writers' Buildings, nor can it deny the Adhikari family.\"Local industry is under a lot of pressure. We are going through a recessionary period. There is overstaffing at many units and expansion plans have faced hurdles. New downstream industries don't seem too interested in investing in Haldia. As it is, there were problems in procuring material due to insufficient draught in the port's navigation channel. The present crisis is making things worse. We are not receiving the kind of support we desire from the local administration or the government,\" a senior executive of a Haldia industrial unit said.Trinamool leaders don't agree. While Subhendu insists that everything is fine at Haldia, another leader said that CPM is trying to claw back to power by portraying Trinamool in bad light. \"From the start, we have made it clear that retrenchment won't be allowed. Most of the workers being sacked belonged to Citu, who have now been abandoned. CPM wants us to agree to the retrenchment so they can blame it on us later on. The mess at the port and industrial units is not due to any fault of ours. If CPM claims that Seth did a lot for Haldia, why didn't he insist that the Centre improve the navigation channel of the port? The root of all troubles is the problems being faced by large ships in entering the port,\" he said.So when Subhendu will be shooting fire arrows at a 55-foot-high Ravana effigy during Dussehera to celebrate the victory of good over evil, Adhikary will be shooting at his detractors in the party and the CPM as well. For Haldia residents, however, the 'sinking feeling' persists, with the fear of losing jobs and livelihoods spreading fast. The ongoing trouble at the Haldia port - the nerve centre of all industry - has accentuated the crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16895939", "title": "Kalyan boy injured in demolition drive", "text": "KALYAN: A 12-year-old boy suffered serious head injuries during a demolition drive carried out by the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC) at Sanglewadi in Kalyan (W).While civic officials were trying to raze the illegal structure, a portion of the building came crashing down on Nadeem Khan (12), who was crossing the road. Khan sustained serious injuries to his head.KDMC officials took the boy to a local hospital in Kalyan. After the incident, local residents protested against civic officials and demanded action against them for not following safety norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895872", "title": "Soon, all Trans-harbour services to be 12 car", "text": "MUMBAI: All trains on Trans-harbour line will be 12-car rakes by the year-end. CR general manager Subodh Jain said the number of daily passengers on the route that links Thane to Vashi was increasing at a fast pace.\"We want to convert all existing nine-car rakes into 12-car trains so that there are more coaches to accommodate the growing number of daily commuters,\" he said.Currently, 128 twelve-car and 80 nine-car services ply the Thane-Vashi route. According to railway officials, the 12-car rakes will be able to ferry 33% more passengers.The route is popular among commuters staying in the eastern suburbs who want to travel to Navi Mumbai (via Vashi).\"There are four fast services plying the Trans-harbour route,\" CR public relations officer A K Singh said. \"We also run four women's specials that are popular with passengers. Of these, three are nine-car services and these will soon be converted to 12-car coaches. Hence, more women passengers can be accommodated in the special trains,\" he added.CR's 15-coach services to run beyond KalyanCentral Railway (CR) officials are planning to extend the 15-car train services beyond Kalyan. \"We will run the trains up to Karjat and Kasara with three halts in between,\" said CR general manager Subodh Jain.\"Between Kalyan and Karjat, trains will stop at Ambernath, Badlapur and Neral stations and from Kalyan to Kasara the halts will be Titwala and Asangaon stations\" he added. A delegation of parliamentarians had recently met the Jain and requested him to conduct a feasibility study to introduce a third track between Kalyan and Karjat. \"A third track will help in diverting long-distance trains. We can then introduce more suburban services for passengers,\" said Thane MP Anand Paranjpe. \"Those who live beyond Kalyan depend on trains and there is need to improve the frequency of services,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16897530", "title": "I am proud of my boys, says Mumbai skipper Harbhajan", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Despite suffering a narrow six-run loss to Chennai Super Kings, Mumbai Indians skipper Harbhajan Singh appreciated the efforts of his boys and said he was proud of his team for putting up a fight in their Champions League Twenty20 match.Chennai were off to a blistering start as they notched up 86 in 8.1 overs initially but Mumbai did well to restrict them to 173-8 in 20 overs from there on.In reply, Dinesh Karthik notched up a 45-ball 74 to ignite hopes of a successful chase for Mumbai and Harbhajan said he was happy with the performance of his boys.\"We bowled well after the first ten overs. Treat to watch Pollard and Karthik. Great fight shown. A kind of pitch you can hit shots off good length balls. Proud of the boys. Whenever we play CSK it's always a good game,\" he said.His Chennai counterpart, Mahendra Singh Dhoni felt they were around 15 runs short but he praised Ben Hilfenhaus (2/14) and Ravindra Jadeja (2/47) for their effort.\"It was important to guide Jadeja. Matches like these really groom a cricketer. Hilfenhaus was right on the money. We took the gamble of giving the later overs to the spinners. We could have got another 15 runs. 170 plus two runs makes a difference,\" Dhoni said.Hilfenhaus, who was awarded the Man of the Match for claiming 2 for 14 in a high-scoring game, said: \"After watching the way their seamers finished off the innings it gave us an idea of where to bowl. Variable bounce tonight. It's quite hard to defend on this ground.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896740", "title": "Opposition leader Khadse takes on Congress, NCP", "text": "PUNE: Leader of Opposition in Assembly Eknath Khadse on Saturday tried to widen the rift between the Congress and its ally NCP by asking the state government to admit that its statistics about irrigation given in the Assembly were wrong and that Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar was indeed speaking the truth.\"The state government gives statistics of growth to the assembly before the budget presentation. Such data has provided to be true till now. It also tells the house that the growth in irrigation has been 0.01% only. Sharad Pawar, on the other hand, says that irrigated land has been much more than that. If the figures provided to the state legislative assembly are false then you are misleading the legislative assembly. The state government must accept that it has given false information to the Assembly.\"On the controversy over release of white paper on irrigation department's functioning, Khadse said, \"Irregularities have occurred in the irrigation department and an inquiry must be conducted into it. We demand that a judge or a special investigation team (SIT) appointed by the High Court should look into the case.\"Khadse said that it was not the BJP but the state-appointed committees that said that irregularities have occurred. The NCP leaders when in opposition had demanded an inquiry against the ministers of Shiv Sena- BJP government- Shashikant Sutar, Shivankar and Phadnavis. \"We had conducted an inquiry through a three-judge committee which found that these allegations were baseless. We demand that an inquiry into the irregularities in the irrigation department be conducted through High Court judges.\"\"The NCP does not want an inquiry into the irregularities of the irrigation department. If they want to conduct an inquiry into the irrigation department right from its inception then they must do it. If corruption had occurred during the tenure of our government then why was the United Front government sleeping for the past 12 years and did not conduct an inquiry against us.\"About the allegations over Lavasa project irregularities, Khadse said, \"We are not opposed to the project. If work has been done by breaking rules then action must be taken as per the Supreme Court directives.\"Making a scathing attack on the Congress-led state government on the subsidized LPG issue, Khadse said, \"The Union government has reduced the number of domestic LPG cylinders allotted to a family to six per year. But Sonia Gandhi , chairperson of Congress, gave directives to the Congress led state governments to provide three more domestic LPG cylinders per year per family and bear the subsidy burden of these three cylinders. But the state has not taken a decision and is purposely trying to avoid giving subsidy to the common man.\"This government has become bankrupt and has debt of Rs 2.6 lakh crore. We demand that the state government take a loan of Rs 1,000 crore to foot the subsidy bill of providing these extra cylinders to the middle class people. Congress says 'Congress ka haath Aam Admi ke saath' but in reality it is not soState public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal has opposed giving water from dams in Nashik district to Marathwada region. Poor rains in various parts of the state have increased the demand for water and it may give rise to disputes between different regions of the state over water. Khadse said, \"Various tribunals have given their decisions about sharing of river waters and each region must get its share of water as per the decisions of these tribunals. If the state government wants to make changes in it then it must be done through tribunals only. The Marathwada region must get its rightful share of water. Beed and Osmanabad districts in Marathwada region must get water as per the Krishna river water tribunal award. The BJP's stand is that the water must be distributed to each region as per the awards of tribunals which have been accepted by the state assembly and the government.\"Khadse refuted the allegations of NCP leaders of Pimpri Chinchwad that the BJP MLAs did not support the demand for regularization of unauthorized constructions. But he said that new constructions must not come in villages without the approval of the town planning (TP) department.Elaborating on it, Khadse said, \"In Pimpri Chinchwad city the people have bought plots and constructed houses before Pimpri Chinchwad New Town Development Authority(PCNTDA) was formed. They have registered them too. People have built houses on their land. We are providing free houses under Slum Rehabilitation Authority(SRA) to slumdwellers who have encroached on government land in Mumbai. But here in Pimpri Chinchwad people have built houses on their own land. If the new constructions come up without the approval of TP department then they create burden on civic amenities. Gram Panchayats do not have qualified people to give building permissions. They give permissions to two to six storied buildings without considering the effect it will have on civic amenities. Dilip Walse Patil had held a meeting in Mumbai in which we supported his stand that no new constructions must come up without the approval of town planning(TP) department in villages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16897751", "title": "Gradual increase in suicides in Sattari taluka", "text": "KERI: Suicidal deaths are gradually increasing in Sattari, the remotest taluka of Goa, according to trends from the last two years.In the last 9 months itself there have been 12 cases recorded at the Valpoi police station. Sources said mental stress, frustration, personal grief, failure to cope with situations, unexpected problems are some of the reasons for the spurt in suicide cases.Valpoi PI Ramesh Gaonkar said, \"In 2010, there were 11 cases, while 2011 saw 12 cases of suicidal deaths in the taluka. From January 2012 to date already 12 cases of suicidal deaths have been recorded.\"He pointed out that with alcoholism a serious issue in the taluka, there were also cases of men committing suicide because they couldn't satisfy their wives sexual desire.Youth too are resorting to ending their lives. On April 21, Shweta Joshi from Hedode and on August 5, Arjun Mainkar from Bagwada, Morlem, allegedly committed suicide.Both were students of the government college at Sanquelim and in both cases personal grief caused them to take the drastic step, said sources.Sonam Gondlekar, a psychologist from Mapusa, said, \"Relationship break-ups and academic pressure from parents and teachers are often the reasons why youngsters commit suicide. They appear to want quick solutions to their problems.\"Recently Uttam Deu Gawde, a youngster from Padeli in Bhironda, who was suffering from an illness, allegedly committed suicide.Kalidas Ghatwal, the North Goa district coordinator for Nehru Yuva Kendra, Panaji, involved in organizing youth camps for over a decade in various villages of Sattari, told STOI, \"There is an urgent need to conduct counselling workshops for youth in schools and colleges to build their confidence and discourage them from resorting to such extreme measures. Suicide is a mental illness and needs to be dealt with on priority basis.\"Sattari-based Chandrakant Shinde, a volunteer with a social organization and a teacher by profession, said, \"There is a need to have counselling sessions for youth in Sattari who are in distress and in need of emotional support. Schools and youth organizations should spread awareness to discourage youngsters from taking the drastic step of ending their lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16897347", "title": "Dasara a hit despite drought, Cauvery", "text": "MYSORE: The drought, followed by a fortnight-long Cauvery agitation, threatened to dampen the tourist inflow to Mysore this Dasara season.But, the heritage city is abuzz with tourism-related activities for the past few days and hotel bookings have seen a marked increase. Though the inflow is less compared to the previous year, the number is picking up slowly. The hospitality industry is expecting a crowd by the weekend and during the final days of the celebrations.Hotelier M Rajendra, who owns three hotels, told STOI that till Thursday the situation looked grim, but the bookings had increased slowly.\"About 50 per cent of the rooms in my hotels are booked and I am expecting the floating crowd to occupy another 20 per cent of the rooms. Last year, the occupancy rate in the hotels was nearly 90 per cent,\" he claimed.Rajendra, who is president of Hotel Owners' Association, added the situation was better in low-budget hotels by 10-15 pc when compared to medium budget hotels.Mysore Zoo too has been receiving more number of tourists than previous year since Dasara festivities commenced on Tuesday. The zoo received 4,694 tourists on the first day of Dasara, 5,713 on Wednesday and 6,404 on Thursday.The visitor inflow is increasing and authorities are expecting further rise by the last day of the Dasara season. Last year, the zoo got 29,352 visitors on Vijayadashami day and 16,933 on the previous day.The crowd at Dasara programmes like Aahara mela and cultural programme at Mysore Palace campus is also swelling slowly. The food festival mela alone had nearly 10,000 visitors on a single day on Thursday. Vehicle movement too has increased and city traffic cops are expecting a rush this weekend. They are gearing up to enforce one-way traffic rule for smooth flow of traffic for the next four days of Dasara season in CBD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16897826", "title": "Spa, parlour raided, two girls detained", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa police on Saturday raided a spa and a massage parlour in Mapusa and detained two girls after complaints of an alleged sex racket on Saturday. The parlour owners, however, refuting the accusations, alleged that two persons along with 40-50 others planted items used in sex rackets and damaged their property.Upon receiving complaints of suspicious activities at these two places, a Mapusa police team searched Beauty World Massage, and Beauty World Spa located at Morod-Mapusa. Police detained two girls and sent them for a medical examination.Mapusa municipal council chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said that there were suspicions raised about the massage parlour around 3-4 months ago that illegal activities were being carried out there. There were also complaints that many non-Goan registration vehicles were seen parked at the spa and massage centre. Accordingly, police were also informed, he said.\"Acting on the complaint, MMC officials had checked and verified the documents and the owners were in possession of all NOCs required to run the spa,\" Kandolkar said. He said that police were also told to keep a watch. After a complaint was lodged, the police searched the parlours and are investigating further.In the counter complaint, the spa and parlour owners Debora Rodrigues and Savio D'Souza have lodged complaints against Sidhu Virdikar and Deepak Gadekar stating that almost 50 others made an unlawful assembly at their shops and vandalized and damaged the furniture, cosmetics and assaulted their staff at the Mapusa police station.\"There is no illegal activity going on at the parlour. I had all the required permissions to run the parlour,\" said D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897327", "title": "Plan to boost visibility of PCR cops", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police started an integrated patrolling scheme on Saturday, in view of the residents' complaint of less visibility of PCR cops. Under the scheme, specific points have been fixed for halting of PCR vehicles. The PCR cops have also been given special slip pads for providing information to residents regarding any queries about police stations and officers (along with their numbers) posted in their areas, for grievance redressal.\"Integrated patrolling scheme has been implemented to enhance visibility of PCR vehicles as this would not only instill fear in the minds of miscreants but would also be a reassurance for residents. Under the scheme, PCR cops would also be asked to have better coordination with residents and make them aware about things like information of police stations in their area,\" said ADCP Swapan Sharma.He further said led lights have been affixed on all PCR vehicles in the city and cops have been directed to keep these flickering lights on at night. The led lights are visible from a distance. \"The halting points of these vehicles have been fixed so that cops don't sit here and there but are more visible. These spots have been so well specified that they cannot change even the side on the same road, \" Sharma said.Talking about the problem people face in getting their complaints looked into due to lack of awareness regarding police stations and officers in their areas, Sharma said that special slip pads have been given to PCR cops and these would have counterfoils. These slips would be used by cops while giving the information sought and on these slips they mention a serial number, their own name, besides the name, phone number and address of the person seeking information together with the information provided. The slip would be given to the person seeking information and the counterfoil would be deposited at the PCR office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897948", "title": "Healthy diet, exercise is key", "text": "Dr Rajendra A BadweEven though the cases of cancer in Indian women are one-third of what developed countries record, we have the potential to wipe out 70 per cent of different types of cancers in Indian women. Read on to know more about cancer cases in India.The number of new cancer cases in India are 50-95 per 1,00,000 population per year, as compared to 200-300 in the US. This difference is essentially due to near absence of some cancers and lesser incidence of others. Lung cancer is rare in Indian women due to absence of smoking. Cases of large intestinal cancers are less common in both men and women in India due to intake of leafy and non-leafy vegetables in our diet , which adds to fair amount of roughage and less consumption of red meat.Cases of breast, ovary and uterine cancers are far higher in the West at present. But, we are following their footsteps due to a variety of factors . We can reduce the numbers by doing some healthy changes in our lifestyles. However, India is one of the countries to have highest number of oral cancer cases in women due to widespread consumption of tobacco.Indian women can prevent two-thirds of the one-third cases if they can say no to the tobacco and follow healthy diet and do regular exercise to prevent obesity, and men can follow good genital hygiene or undergo circumcision.(The writer is Director of Tata Memorial Centre)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896796", "title": "MSRTC starts Pune-ShirdiShivneri ACbus service", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has introduced the air-conditioned Shivneri AC bus service to Shirdi. The buses will run on Wednesday and Thursday from the Shivajinagar terminus.Officials said the transport body plans to introduce a daily bus service to the pilgrimage centre depending on commuters' response to the twice-a-week service.Till now, the MSRTC was operating ordinary and semi-luxury buses on the Pune-Shirdi route. There was a long-pending demand from commuters for an air-conditioned bus service. A few months ago, MSRTC's Pune division sent a proposal for the same to the central office. An MSRTC official said on Saturday they received the central office's approval on Tuesday. The first trip was flagged off on Thursday.He said the buses will leave the Shivajinagar terminus at 8.30am every Wednesday and Thursday. It will reach Shirdi via Ahmednagar at 12.30pm. The return bus will leave Shirdi at 3pm and reach Shivajinagar at 7pm. The fare will be Rs 477.Sources in the travel industry said hundreds of commuters travel to Shirdi from Pune every week.Most people who travel to Shirdi prefer road travel as rail connectivity is poor. A significant number of commuters who prefer AC buses opt for private buses and tourist cabs.MSRTC officials said, \"We wanted to offer commuters a more comfortable option. Our ordinary and semi-luxury buses have got good response, we expect similar response for the Shivneri buses, too. Advance reservation for the service will be made available through the online booking facility in the next few days.Earlier, the MSRTC had announced Shivneri service between Swargate and Dadar from November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897437", "title": "Italian-US national\u2019s arrest in Switzerland raises fresh questions over IAF chopper deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The arrest of a man in Switzerland on Friday in connection with payment of kickbacks in defence deals by Italian group Finmeccanica has raised fresh questions over the Indian deal for acquiring helicopters for VVIPs.The government had in 2010 signed a deal worth over Rs 3,800 crore to buy 12 helicopters for use by VVIPs, including the President and the Prime Minister. The purchase was from AugustaWestland, an arm of Finmeccanica, and was to join the VVIP squadron of the Indian Air Force (IAF).According to news agencies, an Italian-US citizen was arrested on Friday in connection with the ongoing probe into allegations of kickbacks paid by Finmeccanica as well as for money laundering.One report quoted sources as saying that the arrested person was suspected to be an intermediary in a bribe paid to secure the 560-million-euro Indian contract won by Finmeccanica unit of AgustaWestland in 2010. About 30% of Finmeccanica is owned by the Italian government.Sources in New Delhi said they would wait for official details from the Indian embassy in Rome before a decision is taken. \"We have been in touch with the embassy for the past few months. Let us see what they say now,\" he said.When allegations emerged earlier this year that Finmeccanica had paid off various people for winning defence contracts, the ministry of defence (MoD) had sought a report from the Indian Embassy in Rome on the allegations in the Italian press. At that point of time there was no concrete information of any kickbacks in the deal with AugustaWestland for the purchase of VVIP helicopters, sources said.\"We should be contacting the embassy soon,\" one senior official said.Earlier reports have said that August Westland has paid a commission of Rs 350 crore for winning the contract. The commission was paid through a consultant in Switzerland, and it is believed that it is the same individual, who has now been arrested.It is illegal to pay commission to middlemen in Indian defence deals. If any credible evidence emerges of such payment the government has no option but to cancel the deal, and blacklist the firm.Reports said the arrest in Switzerland is linked to a probe into money laundering by federal prosecutors in Lugano connected to the main probe by Italian authorities. The probe has also targeted Finmeccanica's Italian chairman and CEO Giuseppe Orsi, whose ouster is being demanded by several political leaders. Orsi's predecessor Pier Francesco Guarguaglini had resigned last year over a separate corruption case.Friday's arrest came in the wake of investigation carried out in Switzerland by Italian prosecutors who visited there in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16896557", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital-32 strike irks patients", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hundreds of patients had to suffer at Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32 on Saturday, following the strike of para-medical and clerical staff of hospital from 8am to 9.30am protesting delay in salaries.According to rules, para-medical and clerical staff working on contract gets their salary by 10th every month, but reportedly this month they have not received it yet. Hospital gives the salary amount to the contractor and the contractor pays it to the staff of around 150 people, sources revealed. Work was resumed after the hospital administration handed over the salary amount to the contractor which was later given to the staff. Meanwhile, the strike resulted in hundreds of people suffering as many reach early in the morning to get their cards made. Timings for the registration of the cards are from morning 8am to 11am but people generally start reaching at 7am.Resident of Kharar Ajit Singh said, \"I reached early in the morning to avoid long queues, but was forced to wait till 10 because of the strike. If there is a problem between the management and staff, it's unfair to make the people suffer for it.\" GMCH director principal Dr Raj Bahadur said, \"The salaries did get delayed, but after the strike we immediately gave it to the contractor who paid the staff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16895404", "title": "Rescue boat gives officials the jitters", "text": "GUNTUR: Tension prevailed in the Krishna waters at the Pulichintala project site when a rescue boat got stuck in the middle of the waters on Saturday. An 8-member official delegation comprising local police, revenue staff and expert swimmerswas traveling in the boat as part of the search operation to locate the bodies of the two engineering students from Hyderabad who drowned in the wateron Friday. The officials panicked when the machine boat got stuck in the deep waters and started shouting for help. Although, two swimmers were in the boat, the officials feared that they could get washed away. in the swirling waters.The officials, however, breathed easy when the boat moved ahead nearly after 30 minutes. SI Shaik Subhani said the boat came to a halt due to a technical snag causing tension among the officials. The official team then continued their search for the missing youth and found the bodies near Madipadu village.The expert swimmers retrieved the bodies of the victims, Mohan Kumar and Ajay Kumar. The students of Vignana Jyothi Engineering College met with the tragedy on Friday when they came for a picnic in the project waters. The students were reportedly staying at a cement factory for the past few days in order to complete the project report and visited the Pulichintala project after completing the record work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16896968", "title": "Kashi Vishwanath temple to get separate fire station", "text": "VARANASI: Kashi Vishwanath temple will soon get a separate fire station with modern equipment. It would be constructed a few kilometres away from the temple complex due to scarcity of land there.ADG (fire services) Praveen Kumar told TOI that a budget of Rs 4.5 crore had already been sanctioned in this regard. \"Formalities like selection of government agency for the construction of the building and floating of tenders to procure equipment would be completed soon,\" he added. Rs 3.25 crore would be spent on the construction of the building while Rs 1.25 crore would be utilised for the purchase of fire equipment.With the conversion of the Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi complex into a high security zone in early nineties, the complex had already been provided separate units of fire service, bomb disposal and dog squads, police and paramilitary forces. The demand for upgrading the fire service was pending with the state government for a long time. Kumar said that as there is scarcity of land in and around the complex, which is surrounded by serpentine lanes. It has been decided to construct separate fire station of KVT in Chetganj fire station compound. The ADG also visited this fire station for inspection to know about the availability of land.Kumar said that a chunk of the budget would be spend for purchasing equipment like advance rescue tender, which contains expander, cutters, fireproof costumes and other equipment worth of Rs 80 lakh. Portable extinguishers and other equipment are also in the purchase list, said Kumar.The ADG said that the government has sanctioned budget for Kanpur, Agra, Varanasi, Allahabad, Lucknow and Meerut. Varanasi has got a budget of Rs 4.40 crore for upgrading fire services, said Kumar. Major amount would be spent on the purchase of hydraulic platform. It would have 42 metres long hydraulic ladder which can move vertically and horizontally.With the arrival of one more hydraulic platform, the number of this equipment would increase to two in the district. Construction of a shade for existing hydraulic platform is also proposed at Chetganj fire station. The ADG said that the motorcycle based firefighting system will also be introduced in the state for the first time during Mahakumbh at Allahabad. \"Two fire fighters will operate this system,\" Kumar said. The introduction of this system is aimed at handling the crisis in the Mahakumbh Mela area where tent houses are created along narrow roads.Phalahar Festival today: For people fasting on the occasion of Shardiya Navaratra, Uttar Pradesh Bhai Chara Committee is organising a phalahar festival at a school at Ramapura area on Sunday.Cultural festival: Nav Sadhna Kala Kendra marked its 13th annual dance and music festival by organising several inter-school competitions at Shivpur area on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16901085", "title": "RAW irked as Airtel keeps its request for phone tapping on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: A barrage of requests by security agencies to a leading telecom company for telephone tapping led it to say a polite no even to the country's premier external intelligence agency RAW.The request by Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) to Bharti Airtel for lawful interception of some telephone numbers came even as the telecom company was flooded with similar pleas by several agencies.A letter from Arun K Sinha, a joint secretary-rank officer in RAW, complained to the department of telecom about the \"unacceptable\" approach of the telecom service provider of not following the instruction with regard to interception of some telephone numbers.Though the telecom company replied that the targeted telephone numbers will be put on tapping \"once (they) get the space\", RAW protested saying \"this is an unacceptable situation in the context of our national security.\"The telecom company was not only directed to comply with the demand of the RAW, which it eventually did on priority basis, but it was also asked to explain the circumstances after which they furnished a reply to the intelligence agency.When contacted, Bharti Airtel spokesperson said \"as a policy, we do not comment on matters related to national security.\"Over 9,500 phones are being lawfully tapped in various states out of which nearly 4,500 phones were intercepted during the month of August whereas more than 5,000 phones were already being tapped.Out of this, RAW is monitoring only 10 phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16896509", "title": "The precious first step", "text": "The silks have been bought, glossy cards have been mailed and VIPs carefully selected to grace the occasion. As a young dancer prepares to ascend the stage for the first time as a solo performer, most families celebrate it with pomp, grandeur, gala dinners and, well, dance.Arangetram, for many, is more like a graduation ceremony, something to be celebrated for a day and added to the bio-data before dance is set aside for academic pursuits. In this race to complete one more extracurricular activity, in many cases, the classical arts take a backseat, say teachers and performers.Kuchipudi dancer-teacher Shylaja says she receives dozens of invitation cards a month from parents announcing their wards' arangetrams. The setting is mostly the same for these events. A prestigious hall in the city is booked and senior accompanying artists are hired. This is followed by photo shoots to create invitation cards and brochures. The guest list includes friends, families and celebrities or top officials.All it takes is a huge amount of money, with a minimum of Rs 1 lakh being spent, says Shailaja. Dancer A Divya (name changed) remembers being asked to spend Rs 60,000 for her arangetram 10 years ago. \"A few weeks before the function, I was handed a bill by my teacher,\" says the Bharatanatyam dancer. Out of the total amount, the biggest chunk went to the teacher. \"I thought it was unprofessional as she hadn't told me about the expenses earlier. I called off the function.\" Subsequently, she gave her first dance performance after the rates came down by half.In the early days, the first performance was more about showcasing skills. Arangetram, as defined in 'A Dictionary of Bharata Natya', is the maiden performance of a dancer in the presence of critics and well-wishers, after he or she has acquired a sizeable repertoire of dance items, writes Shalini Bhalla, in her paper 'Global Modernities: History, Theory, Discourse and Practice of South Asian Dance/Drama in India, US and UK'. It was also an important ritual for devadasis, a community of hereditary performers of sadir, the earlier name for Bharatanatyam. The devadasi's family would choose a patron for her only after the arangetram, when it was publicly acknowledged that she was ready, writes Bhalla, director of a UK-based Bollywood dance-fitness company.Actor-dancer and teacher Shobana says she doesn't understand this new tradition where everyone charges double the amount that they normally do. \"I give my students the option of not doing an arangetram or having it in a temple. But some parents still want to organise events that resemble mini weddings,\" says Shobana, who used to charge next to nothing when she started teaching. While the way they organise the arangetram is left to the parents, she puts her foot down when it comes to pushing students who are not ready. \"Then they leave my school, find another teacher and send me an arangetram invitation within four months,\" she laughs.Such functions are quite popular with the Indian diaspora also. \"Many families see it as the child being proficient in dance rather than the start of a career in the art form. Also, for some, it is almost a celebration of the coming of age of their child, akin to the Jewish bar mitzvah,\" says Bhalla. However, despite the bonding and merrymaking, dance suffers. Bhalla says many dancers think that arangetram is an end of their learning and they start teaching right after it. \"Teaching poor technique lowers the standards,\" she says.Also, with arangetrams getting more expensive, many people think dance is for rich people alone, says Shailaja. \"Dance is not a highly paying profession. With these events, you are creating a scenario where only the very rich can do arangetrams, fund solo careers and pay sabhas to get performance slots,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16898037", "title": "Kerosene will increase potency of mosquito spray, says health department", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to ensure that the effect of anti-adult mosquito measures could be sustained for a longer period, the district public health services department is planning to approach the district administration to sanction use of kerosene instead of diesel, as it is being stated that the residual effect of the anti-mosquito drug would be longer when mixed with kerosene instead of diesel.\"We are planning to approach the district administration and seek permission to use kerosene instead of diesel in the fogging machines. Pyrethrum used for fogging will mix better with kerosene and will have a longer effect,\" said R Damodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore.At the moment, the control measures against adult aedes segypti mosquito, the vector for dengue fever, involves intense fogging using Pyrethrum, a herbal insecticide mixed with diesel in the fogging machines, both hand-held and vehicle-mounted. The Pyrethrum extract is dissolved in a solvent which is usually diesel, petrol or kerosene at a ration of 1:19 depending on the capacity of the fogging equipment and sprayed as thermal fog in the field to knockout adult flying mosquitoes. As of now, the state government has recommended the use of diesel as the solvent in mosquito control operations.The city corporation has about 100 hand-held fogging machines, which are used for mosquito control measures in the city limits. According to workers deployed for mosquito control operations in the city limits, about 0.5 litre of pyrethrum is mixed in nine litres of diesel in the hand-held fogging machines used for fogging operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897633", "title": "Casino managers ill-treat Goan staff, say casino workers", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Casino and Allied Workers' Union on Saturday accused the local management of the Khetrapal-Arora group of casinos of \"ill-treating\" the Goan staff, a charge denied by the management. The union also demanded the immediate arrest of the manager of Casino Pride in connection with an assault on a staff member, Ronny Alphonso, on October 14.Alphonso, who works as the assistant F&B; manager onboard Casino Pride, alleged that the management regularly abuses Goan staff.The president of the union, Puti Gaonkar, threatened to launch a public agitation if the police do not arrest the manager and give protection to the Goan staff of casinos through the implementation of existing labour laws. Gaonkar said that the casinos are flouting all labour laws and that the labour department has become defunct. He accused the casino management of paying Goan staffers half the salary that is paid to the foreign staff \"though both parties do the same work\".Gaonkar said that because of the victimization, the Goan staff had formed a workers' union, but the casino management responded by terminating some of the workers. \"Formation of a union is a constitutional right,\" Gaonkar said.The general secretary of the union, Ganesh Kubal, said that though Alphonso had filed a police complaint on October 18, the police had not acted on the complaint. \"Are the casinos operating under the protection of the government?\" Kubal asked.Besides addressing a letter to the Delhi owners of the casino group, the casino workers' union also dashed off a letter to Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar alleging irregularities in casino operations and demanding that these be set right. When contacted, Pride's operations in-charge Srinivas Nayak flatly denied the allegations. \"All allegations are false and made to malign my reputation by G S Kubal for his own vested interests,\" Nayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900393", "title": "Mahesh Shetty likes keeping it versatile", "text": "While most actors have a Hollywood or Bollywood prototype as a dream role, actor Mahesh Shetty has a very different view. Undoubtedly, the actor has managed to bounce back and forth between positive and negative roles on television since long now.Mahesh currently is receiving a lot of appreciation for his role from Colors's Parichay and also managed to gather fame through Zee TV's Pavitra Rishta, where he essayed negative character.However after essaying such different roles when asked Mahesh about his dream role and the talented actor has to say, \"Instead of having one dream role, I aspire instead to play a different role each time.\" Wow that's interesting Mahesh.He further goes on, \"The challenges need to keep coming in and that's what keeps me going!\"Versatility is a difficult trait to find on Indian Television but looks like Mahesh is an actor who falls in this unique category of actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16897755", "title": "BJP slams Ranes for mining silence", "text": "BICHOLIM: North Goa BJP spokesperson Hanumant Parab has criticized opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane and mine owners for their \"silence\" on the burning issue of closure of mines as ordered by the Supreme Court, as well as its fallout on the state's economy.Briefing reporters in Bicholim on Friday, Parab said that the opposition leader and his son Vishwajeet, who is Valpoi MLA, besides mine and lease holders, have not come out in support of truck owners. This statement comes in the wake of severe criticism from the truck owners against the state government.Parab, who is known to be a bitter critic of the Ranes for a long time now, said that the Congress party leaders are mere spectators to the fallout of the mining crisis. He also bitterly criticized mine and lease holders for what he called \"not supporting the cause\" of truck owners and workers.Speaking on the issue of the Anjunem dam, Parab demanded action from the government with regards to diverting water of the dam in Sarvan for private use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16898223", "title": "Now, hop off Metro and take cycle", "text": "BANGALORE: Now, hop off the Metro and take a cycle. Metro commuters can get out of the station, hire a cycle from the cycle parking lot, go around short distances for their work and come back with the cycle to the station. This will save their time, as they can avoid waiting for feeder buses and getting caught in traffic. The rental project, aimed at officegoers in and around MG Road, was inaugurated on Saturday on the occasion of the first anniversary of Namma Metro in Bangalore.Metro stations on MG Road, Ulsoor and Trinity Circle have the cycle parking lots for commuters to use. Registrations for using cycles will start within one or two days. \"With this facility, we have got state-of-the-art facility just like any other metro station across the world. In the near future, all metro stations along Reach One will have the same facility,\" S Sivasailam, MD, BMRCL, said while launching the facility.\"Initially Rs 1,000 will be charged as refundable registration amount. First one hour's ride will be free and after one hour, user will be charged Rs 10 for every hour. It will be deducted from the passenger's smart card. They can rent a cycle from the Metro station to their offices and bring them back before boarding the train back home,\" said Syed Haseeb Arafat, co-founder , Kerberon Automobiles. \"We installed machines at the first three stations today which collectively have a capacity of 22 bicycles. We will instal 3 more machines in the remaining 3 stations. These stations at the end will collectively have a total capacity of 70 bicycles,\" said Arafat.The Automated Tracking and Control of Green Assets (ATCAG) run by Kerberon Automobiles , which started a pilot project to promote cycling in the city, has won the tenders to start cycle docking stations for the Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897929", "title": "'Rio Tinto to invest $ 500mn in Bunder diamond mines'", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh's Chhatarpur district would turn out to be the diamond bowl of the country once the Bunder diamond mine becomes operational in 2017. The mine has a capacity of about 27 million carat, seven times higher that the capacity of Panna diamond mine, said Kamal Kant, director commercial and external affairs, Rio Tinto.Kant was delivering the key-note address at the Enviro Conclave organized by climate change and environmental core competency cell at Indian Institute of Forest Management (IIFM) here on Saturday.\"An investment to the tune of 500 million dollar investments has been planned for the project, which could provide direct employment opportunities to a large number of people. Interestingly, 80% of the workforce would comprise local people.\"\"With state government's co-operation, we are hopeful of getting the mining lease license by 2015. The project is likely to start by 2017-18\", he added.Director, wildlife conservation trust, Anish Andheria, stressed on the importance of shifting the villages from inside the core areas of tiger reserves and national parks to regain the status of the 'Tiger State of India.' \"Forest is the mother of rivers and hence it should be protected to meet the future needs,\" he said.Chief guest, former director general, Indian Council of Forest Research and Education, Dr Jagdish Kishwan spoke at length on scope of United Nation's programme on reducing emission from deforestation and forest degradation in developing countries (REDD) in India and Madhya Pradesh in particular. He said, \"MP has a major role to play in REDD projects owing to availability of large forest cover and biodiversity. Since the state has been frugal in using its forest resources, the local communities can reap the benefits.\"A workshop on wildlife photography by Anish Andheria was also organised, on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897182", "title": "We are suffering too, say Ludhiana advocates", "text": "LUDHIANA: Advocates practicing in the district courts, boycotted work on Saturday, inconveniencing litigants, who were unhappy about a wasted trip to the courts. Lawyers boycotted work to press for their demand for a five-day week. Last Saturday too, they had boycotted work.Advocate Gurvinder Singh Sodhi, general secretary of the district Bar association said, \"After vacations we will be meeting the chief justice of Punjab and Haryana high court and the administrative judge of Ludhiana Justice Jasbir Singh in this regard. Not only are clients suffering but we are suffering too. Five-day week will make working of the courts more efficient. We are also members of Bar council of Punjab and Haryana, so we should have the same privilege as the advocates of the high court. We will boycott the courts on every Saturday till a five-day week is made official.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901323", "title": "Tori Spelling credits daughter for saving her life", "text": "Reality TV star Tori Spelling , who gave birth to her fourth child Finn, via an emergency caesarean section about six weeks ago, credits her young daughter for rushing in to help after she awoke in the middle of the night in a massive pool of blood while her husband Dean was asleep in another room during her complicated pregnancy.The 39-year-old star said, \"I stumbled to the bathroom, dizzy from losing so much blood. When I got there, I thought, 'This is it'. There was so much blood I thought, 'I'm dying. Not just losing the baby, but dying.' I had to scream for Stella and I'll never forget the look on her face when she saw me surrounded by blood everywhere. I didn't want to panic her and I said, 'Baby, will you go get Daddy? Just tell him I'm bleeding.' Her eyes were as big as saucers and this is going to make me cry she looked like such a little toddler warrior. She said, 'Okay, Mama' and she ran. And two seconds later Dean came in and basically had to wrap me up to get me to the hospital.\"The former Beverly Hills 90210 actress had to spend the last four months of her pregnancy confined to her bed and was in and out of hospital several times after she was diagnosed with potentially-fatal placenta previa when she was halfway through her pregnancy a condition where the placenta covers the cervix and causes internal bleeding.\"My condition was so dangerous that I couldn't even walk across my room I had to lie flat. I was lucky on days that I had bathroom privileges. But I committed. I was like, 'I'm going to get this baby to a healthy point and we're going to be a family.' I would rub my belly and talk to the baby. I kept telling him, 'We're going to be fine' and 'I can't wait to hold you,'\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900310", "title": "A exhibition of wedding couture", "text": "On offer at an exhibition, the collection is all about shopping for weddings, festive gifts, precious jewels and more.With Navratras heralding festivities, wedding season too is in the offing. Catering to the demands of the upcoming wedding season, elite exhibition, Trendz unltd 'Celebrations' on at JW Marriott till today, is offering an exclusive collection of wedding couture and accessories.The wedding extravaganza caters to all the premium requirements of the city's stylish strata. The right mix of elements to make the perfect bride, the exhibition includes exquisite designer wear, dazzling jewellery, chic footwear, luxury watches, high end cosmetics, heavenly fragrances and wedding trousseau packaging.Besides wedding aspirants, it also offers kidswear, fashion accessories, Swiss chocolates, designer furniture, mobiles, interiors and home decor. This first of its kind exhibition with midnight shopping concept showcases exclusive creations of designers from all over the country. Hailing from different cultural backgrounds, prominent among these designers are- The Royal Trunk, Kshinil, Signature collection, Virinda creations, Pirona creations, Mani Dua, A &amp; M creative divine lifestyle, Tisya arts and Amazing Arts.Shopping is not the only offering at this exhibition that's on from 11 am to 11 pm, for here music and fine dining are the other attractions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16897278", "title": "Tiny songbirds flap their wings far across", "text": "DHARWAD: The tiny songbird wheatear (Oenanthe oenanthe) has beaten all the earlier records of migratory singing birds by traversing 30,000 kms. Ornitholosgists J C Uttangi and Parimala who are based in Dharwad quoting official reports said, when scaled by body size, this is one of the longest round-trip migratory journeys of any bird in the world. Miniature tracking devices have revealed the epic 30,000km migration of the diminutive Northern Wheatear Oenanthe oenanthe.Oenanthe oenanthe was first described by Carolus Linnaeus in 1758 as Motacilla oenanthe. It belongs to the family Muscicapidae, order Passeriformis of the class Aves.Ninety-year-old prof. Uttangi said the northern wheatear is a migratory insectivorous species breeding in open stony country in Europe and Asia with foot holds in north eastern Canada and Greenland as well as in North western Canada and Alaska. It nests in rock crevices and rabbit burrows. All birds winter in Africa. The birds weigh just 25 grams and are 16cm long. Both sexes have a white rump and tail, with a black inverted T-pattern at the end of the tail.The plumage of the summer male has grey upper parts, buff throat and black wings and face mask. In autumn, it resembles the female apart from the black wings. The female is pale brown above and buff below with darker brown wings. The male has a whistling, crackly song. Its call is a typical chat chack noise.The northern wheatear makes one of the longest journeys of any small bird, crossing ocean, ice and desert. It migrates from sub-saharan Africa in spring over a vast area of the northern hemisphere that includes northern and central Asia , Europe, Greenland, Alaska and parts of Canada. In autumn, all return to Africa.The Institute of Avian research in Wilhelmshaven, Germany has carried out the research by making use of miniature tracking devices with the help of satellite. The amazing thing about this study is that, it gives us a glimpse into the extraordinary lives of these tiny birds.The northern wheatear is classified as least concern on the IUCN red list. Widespread and abundant, there are no known major threats. However, the global population is in a moderate decline. In many European countries, the species has declined between 1990 and 2000. Habitat loss due to agriculture and urbanization are thought to be the main agents of this decline.The northern wheatear is protected in Russia and most European countries. Artificial nesting sites have been created in some part of its range, including the United Kingdom and Turkmenistan, which has increased the number of breeding birds in these areas, Uttangi said..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896460", "title": "Gates banned, pujas stare at massive losses", "text": "KOLKATA: Several big budget pujas - including Bosepukur Sitala Mandir in Kasba, Lake Pally in Santoshpur, Telengabagan on Ultadanga Main Road, Nalin Sarkar Street in Hatibagan and Beniatolla and Ahiritolla on BK Paul Avenue - have taken a hit following Kolkata Police's ban on gates built on major roads.The temporary gates that offered advertising space at premium rates to corporates were the single-largest revenue-earners for puja committees working on ambitious themes that require lavish funds. \"By banning the gates without prior warning, the police have dealt a body blow. We may end up with a deficit of several lakhs this year and be forced to curtail the budget next year,\" rued Kajal Sarkar of Bosepukur Sitala Mandir.With each gate fetching Rs 50,000-60,000 in ad revenue, Sitala Mandir, which had earned Rs 7.5 lakh from 15 gates last year, has been allowed to construct only one this year. Lake Pally that had constructed five gates and garnered close to Rs 3 lakh is staring at a loss of Rs 2.5 lakh.\"Pujas had five gates on an average. That means the average loss is Rs 2 lakh per puja. Since the decision was announced after the committees had already factored in the revenue from gates in their budget, it has led to deficits that could cripple next year's puja,\" said Somok Saha of Nalin Sarkar Street Durgotsav Committee.According to police, the gates erected at short intervals posed a security hazard. \"The gates occupy the pavement, forcing pedestrians to take to the streets that slow down traffic. They also blocked clear view of the area that is so crucial for policing,\" an officer said.A traffic sergeant also pointed out that vehicles inevitably slowed down when they reached a gate as passengers tried to steal a glance at the pandal. \"Though cars slow down for a few seconds, when one adds up the delay caused by thousands of cars, it leads to a traffic snarl,\" he explained.Though police had suggested that the committees erect pillars for ad space, Sarkar claimed that it would only add to the clutter. \"If we are to make up for the loss from the gates, we will have to erect five pillars for each gate. That means, we will have to set up 75 gates. Will that be acceptable to the cops,\" he questioned.What has irked nearly everyone is the police's failure to give them a year's notice. \"We are willing to innovate and come up with new avenues for advertisement. But to do so, we need time. Unfortunately, the police did not give us any,\" complained Rana Dasgupta of Lake Pally.Since most corporates pay by postdated cheques that can be encashed around the time of Pujas, committees have to raise funds from the market through low-interest loans. While servicing the short-term loans has not been a problem in the past, it is getting worrisome this year.\"There's also the not-too-good economic situation that is prompting corporate houses to be tight-fisted. The puja committee treasurers are praying that they don't run up a huge deficit that puts next year's puja in peril,\" said Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16897196", "title": "Girl alleges sex abuse by pastor", "text": "MADURAI: Police are on the lookout for a pastor, who is absconding following a complaint of sexual harassment of a 12-year-old Sri Lankan refugee girl, by her parents. The complaint has been registered with the Dindigul taluk police.Kumarasamy (47) is a Sri Lankan refugee staying in the Adiyanoorthu refugee camp. He works as a loadman with the railways. His 12-year-old daughter was a student at a Roman Catholic school in the neighbouring area. A few days ago, she had come home weeping, saying that the priest, Amaladas, of the church next to the school misbehaved with her. Enquiries by her mother and relatives allegedly revealed that the priest had abused the girl sexually.The incident has caused a flutter among refugees who send their children to the same school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16895995", "title": "Vastanvi to share dais with top Congress leaders", "text": "SURAT: For the first time Ghulam Mohammad Vastanvi will be sharing the dais with top Congress leaders at an event organized by the party at Tadkeshwar in Surat on Sunday. A former Vice Chancellor of Deoband Seminary, Vastanvi had become a centre of controversy last year following his comments regarding development's positive impact on Muslims in Gujarat. Top Congress leaders including Ahmed Patel who is political advisor to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, Tushar Chaudhary and Kadir Parizada are expected at the event. Tadkeshwar has one of the oldest Madrassas in the south Gujarat region and is considered to be politically important.\"I am going to participate in the event and will address the gathering. Largely my focus would be on education but I will also talk about many important issues related to minorities,\" said Vastanvi. Vastanvi had to leave the Deoband seminary after his comments were interpreted as praise for Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi . Born in Vastan village of Surat district, Vastanvi studied at a seminary in Tadkeshwar near Kim.He later taught at Kantharia in Surat district for nearly a decade before setting up the reputed JIIT at Akkalkuwa in Nandurbar district in Maharashtra. He is active in the region for the last 32 years and is known for his contribution in education sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16898333", "title": "Memories of a war we\u2019d like to forget", "text": "1962 is a year seared in the collective consciousness of the Indian Army. What was it like for those battling the Chinese? How were crucial decisions taken? Defence analyst Major Gen (retd) Ashok K Mehta speaks with three officers who took part in the key encounters of Namkachu, Tawang, Sela and BomdilaAt 75, Brig (retd) Bhup Singh does not look a day over 60. Last week, he returned from Head Quarters 4 Corps at Tezpur where veterans of 7 Infantry Brigade of Namkachu fame shared their experiences of the tragic skirmish in the high Himalayas . The Battle of Namkachu started in early September 1962, when the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) began attacking Indian posts at Namkachu in North East Frontier Agency (NEFA) near Tawang . This was in response to India's forward policy of establishing posts close to its claim lines, and Jawaharlal Nehru's threat to evict the Chinese from the strategic Thagla Ridge. India's erring political leaders and their ill-chosen army commanders were somehow convinced the Chinese would not attack. But when they did, it caught India in a Himalayan Pearl Harbour. What were the events that led to the battle? I asked Bhup Singh. This is what he recalled:The Namkachu affair\"I was a Second Lieutenant with sixteen months of service and chosen by the Chief of General Staff, Lt Gen BM Kaul along with 79 other officers to promulgate India's forward policy. Translated on the ground, it meant establishing 80 posts to assert our claim lines. One of these posts was Dhola which turned out to be located five km inside Chinese territory at Chedong. This fact was communicated to Head Quarters who ordered the post to stay put. On September 9, the Chinese surrounded Chedong, taking away the post commander, Capt Mahavir Prasad's map which confirmed the transgression . The Chinese asked him to vacate. This was the first provocation. The second was a probing attack against Chinese bunkers ordered personally by Gen Kaul which he witnessed and left in a huff when it failed. The pompous declaration by Nehru on October 12 that he had ordered the Indian Army to evict the Chinese from Thagla Ridge overlooking Namkachu was the third provocation. Gen Kaul had moved 7 Infantry Brigade from Tawang down to Namkachu uncovering Tawang to evict the Chinese. All this while, we were told that the Chinese will never attack. But they did, launching a preemptive on October 20, rolling down from Sangdhar heights behind us. We were sitting ducks as we had been told we were not to fight the Chinese but to defend the area to assert our claim lines. We had no grenades. There were only 100 rounds of ammunition and twelve 3-inch mortar bombs with the whole brigade. After our ammunition ran out, I was captured.\"Takeover of TawangBrig (retd) DK Khullar was a young fire direction officer at Tawang and had the unique distinction of being present at Sela, Bomdila and Chacku. He revisited these heights in 1995 to refight the battles in order to write his stinging rebuke of the political and military leadership in When Generals Failed. He explained the events of the time thus: \"We gave away Tawang to the Chinese on a platter by foolishly sending the brigade to Namkachu. On October 23, after Army Commander Lt Gen LP Sen reviewed the situation at Tawang, we were withdrawn to Sela which was such a strong position that its commander, World War II veteran Brig Hoshiar Singh called it Shila! There was a lull in fighting from October 23 to about November 14 when the Chinese built the road from Bumla to Tawang in record time to bring forward guns and logistics. On November 10, Lt Gen Kaul addressed officers at Sela: 'You will spend the winter here. We will launch a spring offensive to recapture Tawang' . By November 17, Chinese Special Forces had infiltrated and outflanked Sela and Bomdila. They were behind our positions everywhere. The panicky GoC 4 Infantry Division, Maj Gen AS Pathania ordered a withdrawal which the Chinese knew through intercepts. Two impregnable fortresses got abandoned by default resulting in disorder and collapse of resistance . The rest is history.\"The Bomdila bunglingNinety-four-year 'young' gunner, Brig (retd) Gurbux Singh, till the other day, was gallivanting in his World War II Wilys jeep. He is writer Khushwant Singh's younger brother and lives on the floor above him in Delhi's Sujan Singh Park. When I met him last week, he was reading John Schmidt's The Unravelling of Pakistan, savouring Emmanthal cheese and dark chocolate, to be followed by Johnnie Walker Red Label. \"Have a drink\" he said. \"Too early, sir,\" I replied. \"In which case, I will draw the curtains,\" he responded and went on to explain the unfought battle of Bomdila.\"I was told Bomdila had no importance, political or military. All eyes at the time were on Sela. In a 16-company brigade position , I was left with four companies; my other troops milked despite my protests. We were led to believe the Chinese would not attack this season so we had six months to prepare. The concept of battle was unclear . Gen Harbaksh Singh, who took over temporarily from Gen Kaul when he fell sick, pushed for Sela while I thought Bomdila was a better bet. Alas, we were caught not inside our fortresses but in a running battle with the Chinese. On 17-18 November the Chinese occupied the hill tops around Bomdila. As there was no one to give orders , I ordered the withdrawal to a lay-back position at Chacku. We are all to blame. There was lethargy. Had we prepared, we might have done better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16897455", "title": "Pedalling power lights up Palace", "text": "MYSORE: It was a moment of immense content for people who pedalled to see a part of the Mysore Palace illuminated by the power generated by them.\"Cycle to light up the Mysore Palace\", was an eco-friendly campaign launched by the district administration in association with a private telecom company.Speaking to STOI, a representative of the firm said 10 cycles pedaled for 10 hours each lit up a portion of the Palace for an hour on Tuesday. More than 1,000 bulbs on the Mysore entrance (Varaha Gate) were lit by energy generated through cycling. He said the initiative had received a positive response and the company planned to light up the entire palace with energy generated thus.The firm is planning to organize more programmes that will help in promoting cycling in the city. The present initiative is the first of its kind in India. Cycles have been placed at the Mysore Palace premises and visitors are encouraged to pedal as long as they wish. The cycles are connected to a dynamo that will be charged and thus generated power stored in batteries. Batteries that are fully charged are used for lighting thepalace.Nageesh A, a software engineer, who pedalled, said: \"I am very happy today as the palace was lit up using the energy generated by me.\"Mega cycle rallyDeputy commissioner PS Vastrad has instructed all the government officials to join the mega cycle rally as a part of Dasara on October 22.The rally will begin from Maharaja grounds at 7am and pass through Ramaswamy circle, Gun House Circle, Race Course Road, Mysore Zoo, Shantaveri Gopalagowda hospital circle, Police Academy road, five lights circle, St Philomena's Church, Town Hall, K R circle, DC office and conclude at University of Mysore Oval ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16895838", "title": "Gas leak victims out of danger", "text": "KALYAN: Three people who were in intensive care after Friday's bromine gas leak from a pharmaceutical company in Dombivli's MIDC were stated to be out of danger on Saturday. However, the three workers, Rajesh Khatke, Shreepad Parkhi and Vishal Dalvi, continue to remain in the hospital. The three victims are undergoing treatment at a private hospital. The other 150 who needed treatment were allowed to go home on Friday itself.Meanwhile, it seems that the manpower crunch in the office of the deputy director of safety and health is set to delay the probe to find the reasons behind the leak. According to government statistics, four inspectors are entrusted with the job of inspecting 2,500 companies.Deputy director of safety and health Vikram Katamwar has been assigned the job to probe the incident. Katamwar alone has to inspect 625 factories, including 483 belonging to MIDC. 85% of these manufacture chemicals.The Manpada police, which has registered a negligence case against the pharmaceutical company's management, are awaiting Katamwar's report before initiating any action. Katamwar said, \"It is a lengthy process to find the cause and we are short-staffed.\" Officials said there were several representations made to the government to increase staff strength, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16897332", "title": "Contest spurs showcasing of dolls", "text": "MYSORE: The Dasara dolls show is a huge hit this year, thanks to Mane-Mane Dasara sub-committee's effort to popularize the Gombe Habba. The committee has decided to give prizes to the best doll shows and it's receiving many entries for the contest.Panel vice-president Ram Prasad said, \"The celebration of Gombe Habba is becoming popular. It's better than last year. Every day, we've been receiving around ten calls.\" At least for the sake of competition, people may revive the tradition, he added.During the time of the maharajas, the doll show was celebrated religiously in Mysore. It was Mysore's distinctive Navaratri celebration. Gombe Habba reached its zenith during the rule of the last four kings of the Wadiyar dynasty.Celebrations had taken a back seat for a while. Ramsons Kalapratishtana's art designer Raghu Dharmendra said, \"The city was a huge producer of dolls in a variety of media including clay, ivory, wood, china, clay and glass. The end of the royal rule put an abrupt stop to many craft forms, including the making of dolls.\"This resulted in Mysoreans gradually scaling down the celebrations. Another reason was the disappearance of the joint family and people lost interest, he added.The doll festival was held on all nine days of Navaratri. It became a tradition to display the dolls as the Maharaja sat on his golden throne only on these days of the year. As the maharaja couldn't visit any house, people displayed dolls as a mark of respect to him.During the maharaja's regime, during Gombe Habba, people displayed a variety of dolls on a stand with steps. 'Pattada Rani' and 'Pattada Raja' were placed on the highest step while other dolls like miniatures of officers, courtiers, mahouts and chopadas were placed on the other steps.Over the years, miniatures of gods and goddess, doll houses, miniature kitchen utensils, faux fruits and vegetables, doll house furniture, miniature replicas of Mysore Palace and other architectural features of the city made their way into the Gombe Habba.Prakruthi P K, a teacher at a private institution who has been collecting different dolls, said, \"I have been displaying dolls for the past five years. Since last year, I've been taking part in the Dasara competition.\" Inspired by it, my cousins have also started their collections, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895960", "title": "\u2018Allow child with shadow teacher\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The single-member expert committee set up by the Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights said the seven-year-old autistic boy should be allowed to continue in Jamnabai Narsee School with the help of a shadow teacher for at least six months.The matter could be reviewed after that period, said the panel. However, the boy's parents have maintained their stand that their ward should be allowed to complete his elementary education, according to the norms of the Right to Education Act. The commission was hearing the case of a child from Vile Parle who was asked to seek transfer from the school in July after they observed \"behavioural changes\" that could be detrimental to the child and his classmates. The commission, after hearing both the sides, has reserved the order for November 1.The expert, Samir Dalwai, a behavioural paediatrician, in his report stated that the child has been getting therapy from an early age, which shows the parents' interest in their ward's development. \"I have stated that the parents should continue with the special therapy that is offered privately and can provide for a shadow teacher,\" Dalwai said.The report states that all these measures should be tried out for a period of six months and if there is no improvement, then the boy's parents should \"seek an environment where he would get more personalized care\".Disproving the report, Pradeep Havnur, the advocate representing the child's case, said under RTE Act a student should be allowed to complete at least his elementary education. \"The boy's parents are ready to provide a shadow teacher at their expense. If the school really does not wish to have any adversarial effects on the child, they would not have made the parents go through the hardship,\" argued the advocate.However, the school said the medical leave was a mutual decision taken by the parents and school to allow the boy to undergo intensive counselling. The school, on the contrary, claimed that a 20-minute interaction would not help in understanding the case. \"It is our responsibility that the child should get equal opportunity in a schooling environment without disrupting the class and the wellbeing of others,\" the school told the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16897473", "title": "7 arrested on charge of raping National Law School student", "text": "BANGALORE: Seven persons have been arrested for their alleged involvement in the October 13 gang rape of a 21-year-old student of the National Law School of India University (NLSIU).Five persons were nabbed from Iruliga colony of Kailancha hobli in Ramanagaram district and another from Hunsur taluk in Mysore district. On Saturday evening, police caught a seventh man after firing at him on the Jnanabharathi campus.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said one accused is still absconding. \"We launched a manhunt soon after the case was reported, and cracked the case with the help of seven teams.\"Police said the seven men confessed that they, along with Raja, were involved in the crime. This corroborates the victim's complaint.Police sources said six of the culprits gave away their location by using the victim's mobile. \"They took the victim's mobile away after raping her. The phone was tracked to Ramanagaram.\"However, DCP (West) SN Siddaramappa, who headed the investigation, said police did not depend on mobile-tracking technology, but had clues about the culprits.All the arrested persons are Iruligas, a tribal community. \"The eight-member gang is from this community. They were on the prowl to collect firewood and cut sandalwood trees,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16897457", "title": "40 species, 60k plants at flower show", "text": "MYSORE: The exquisite flower show at Curzon Park in the city has Mysoreans making a beeline for it. Around 40 species of flowers in 60,000 pots are on display at the Dasara flower show organized by Department of Horticulture and Mysore District Horticulture Society.This year beautiful 'wild orchids' brought from Ooty are grabbing all the attention. Senior horticulture director Raju M S said, \"These orchids are not grown in this season. Eight thousand wild orchid saplings have been brought this time.\"Flowers from Brindavan and Bangalore are also part of the show. Bright and colorful impatiens species of flower is an added attraction, this year. Other flowers that have caught the visitors' fancy include marigold, oyster, French marigold, Petunia, Silver dollar and Blue daisy.Flowering plants, non-flowering, indoor, outdoor and ornamental flowers have been put on display. Around 30,000 plants have been brought from nine nurseries coming under horticulture departments in the district, while the rest of the 30,000 plants have come from private contributors.Raju explained, \"Six months prior to the show we start taking very good care of the flowers and try to get rare species. We even send notifications to people to participate in the flower show.\"This year the department received entries from 22 industries, 240 individuals and 30 institutions in the district. Around 30,000 of the best variety from this lot are also put up as exhibits.The flower show became a part of Dasara festivities during the period of Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, said District Horticulture Society vice president Prabhamandal. Then, variety of flowers, mostly foreign species, was part of Dasara flower show. Much interest and efforts were taken by the first director of the department Jawaraiah and father of horticulture M H Marigowda towards the flower garden, he added.Floral 'aane gaadi'Since the past five years, the horticultural department has been coming up with innovative ideas. This year the department has recreated 'Aane Gaadi' or elephant carriage with a lakh flowers, majority of them being red roses. In addition to this, 'Shivalinga' of 20,000 flowers has been recreated. Mysore District Horticulture Society vice president Prabhamandal said, \"Aane gaadi has remained part of Jambu Sawari since the time of Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar. Now the carriage carries the members of Karnataka Police Band.\" Flowers of 'Aane gaadi' are replaced by fresh flowers once in five days.In the previous years, Nandi, Mahishasura, Gandabherunda and Chamaraja Wadiyar statue circle were recreated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896736", "title": "Out on bail, Kazmi returns home amid cheers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A crowd of supporters had gathered outside the Tihar Jail late on Saturday to greet journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi when he was released on bail. Kazmi took the ride back home in an open, decorated jeep.Raising slogans like \"jail ke taale toot gaye, Kazmi sahib chhoot gaye\", and \"America murdabad, Kazmi sahib zindabad\", over 500 people in buses and cars carried posters of Kazmi and followed Kazmi to Karbala Masjid in Jor Bagh where a half-an-hour-long procession was taken out right up to the journalist's home. Over 50 policemen maintained tight security all along the procession route.Kazmi was arrested in March for his alleged role in the bomb attack on an Israeli diplomat's car in February; but he was granted bail by the Supreme Court on Friday. \"I am thankful to the judiciary,\" Kazmi said when he reached the Karbala Masjid.His family and friends were waiting there to greet him; his two sons, Shauzab and Taurab, hugged him and cried. Kazmi's sister Shauzad Fatima, who watched the family reunion from a distance, said it was the best gift god could have given to the family. \"I am waiting for him to get free from meeting all the people; we will sit down together and talk later. Eid will be grand this time,\" she told TOI.Soon, the crowd broke into a cheer and burst firecrackers.Kazmi later told the media that he was framed. \"The truth will come out in the end. The case will not result in conviction,\" he said.Kazmi, however, refused to speak on the charges that have been slapped on him in the police chargesheet. \"I was picked up by the police because I am a journalist working with Iranian news agencies for many years,\" he said while commenting on the incident.On Friday, the apex court had directed Kazmi to surrender his passport, report to the local police station, and not leave the city limits where he would be residing without the permission of the court, so that he would be present at the time of the trial.Kazmi was detained under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act in connection with the February 13 blast that had occurred on Aurangzeb Road-Race Course Road crossing. Israeli diplomat Tel Yehoshua Koren was injured in the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896569", "title": "South City-I residents stage protest", "text": "GURGAON: The South City-I residents' welfare association (SCRWA) protested against Unitech's apathy towards the maintenance of one of the earliest private colonies (set up in the early 1980s) in Gurgaon on Saturday.The protesters alleged that the builder showed utter disregard to the residents, majority of whom were senior citizens and women. Instead of addressing the problem, they locked their office gates and hired goons, bouncers and outsourced securitymen to attack the residents.Over 200 residents belonging to all age groups participated in the protest, which was led by the SCRWA president, Ashok Bhardwaj. The protest was also attended by R S Rathee, president of Gurgaon Citizens' Council, and other RWAs.After a long wait and four hours of protest, Vikas Jogalekar, general manager (maintenance) assured that work on the roads would start soon. Bhardwaj thanked all the residents for their support and announced that no SCRWA member would pay any maintenance fee with effect from this quarter until the builder company signs an agreement with the SCRWA on the rates and services.On its part, Unitech said it would like to resolve the matter with the RWA and that it has been engaging in discussions with them in the past and again on Saturday. A Unitech spokesperson said: \"We would like to categorically affirm that the allegation that we are making profit from maintenance is absolutely incorrect. On the contrary, the cost borne by maintenance agencies is more than what is being charged and we have transparently shared these costing details with the RWA. Moreover there are huge customer-outstandings which are resulting in the maintenance agencies incurring losses . Also, we have been providing the services of maintenance for the past two decades with insignificant recoveries.\"The Unitech spokesperson made a renewed appeal to the RWA. \"Today, we again urge the RWA to work with us so the pending outstanding can be cleared. However, even today, the RWA did not assure us that the outstanding would be cleared. Nevertheless, we will continue to work in spite of the property management agencies incurring losses. We hope this matter will be resolved soon.\"On the alleged violence, Unitech said, \"some members of the RWA started physically assaulting our people and started pushing them to forcefully enter our office. Some of our people were injured as well\".The residents, meanwhile, said they would hold a dharna again on November 17 if Unitech failed to keep its promises. The protesters would physically occupy the areas \"encroached upon\" by Unitech on November 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896225", "title": "Acid attack on stray dogs in Malwani", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 10 stray dogs, including a female who had just delivered puppies, were severely injured after acid was thrown on them by unidentified persons in Malvani earlier this week.Animal welfare officer Amit Pathak said, \"I was recently informed by activist Shirley Advani of NGO Save Our Strays that several dogs in Malvani were in acute pain due to an acid attack. We informed the Malvani police, rushed to the spot and rescued six injured dogs. It is shocking that someone could come up with such a plan against innocent animals.\"Pathak said the rescued strays were sent to an animal hospital run by In Defense of Animals (IDA) in Govandi. A search is on for more injured animals in the area.\"We want to appeal to the public to think before treating animals in such a cruel way. They feel immense pain, just like us humans, when they are tortured or hurt. If there are too many stray dogs in your area, then sterilization is the best and only solution to curb their population,\" added Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896734", "title": "Durga Puja made happy for HIV patients", "text": "KOLKATA: Imagine you waking up to the rhythmic beatings of dhak on a hospital bed. Imagine the smell of delicacies and hit numbers from Bollywood flicks filling the air when you're surviving on IV drops. And imagine screams of \"aschhe bochhor abar hobe\" from the immersion procession making you think whether you can endure the pain for another year.What makes you shudder even in your imagination is the life of a group of patients undergoing treatment at the School of Tropical Medicine, which primarily treats HIV cases. Most of them don't hope to do what everyone does on Puja days any more as they're fighting a losing battle against the killer disease.\"So what they cannot step out, we can always step in,\" thought D Ashis, general secretary of Medical Bank. Thus began a unique initiative in which the organization started carrying the spirit of Durga Puja on the hospital campus. On the occasion of Panchami on Friday, doctors, attendants and members of the group shared some light moments with the patients to lessen their burden of pain. Sarees, dhotis and sweets were also distributed to bring a feeling of newness to their otherwise agonizing lives.\"With so many people caring for us, I feel like living again. Otherwise, the way we - the HIV patients - have been stigmatized makes me feel like a burden on the society,\" said Asmina Begumwith pain creased all over her face.Parmeet Singh, another HIV patient in the male ward, echoed: \"I've been destined to go through the pain, so there's no point complaining. But it really hurts when I think of how I spent the last Puja and what's in store this time. I've learnt that life doesn't give a second chance,\" he regretted.For Anima, however, it's a relief to be in the hospital. Since she was diagnosed with HIV virus, not a single day passed when her in-laws didn't abuse her. \"For me, spending a single fun-filled day in the hospital is better than four traumatic days at home during Durga Puja,\" she sighed.\"We need to treat the fear before we cure the disease. Life for these people wouldn't have been so miserable had the society been a little sympatheticto them. I feel such an initiative will act as an eye-opener for those whose feel HIV patients should be shunted out of our lives,\" said PK Guha, the hospital superintendent. (Names of all patients changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16896965", "title": "LPG shortage: Cusat hostel mess closed down", "text": "KOCHI: Irregular supply of LPG cylinders has been adversely affecting college hostels in the city. Authorities in Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) have now decided to close down the hostel mess from Saturday because of this. And in the Maharaja's College hostel mess, only limited food is being prepared from last Thursday.\"We have decided to close down the hostel mess from today because we do not have any more LPG cylinders. After the decision to supply only six domestic cylinders a year to APL families was taken, we have been facing severe shortage of cylinders in the hostel mess. We will restart the mess once we receive cylinders. Not many students will be affected as most of them will go home for the Puja holidays,\" said Bipin V P, mess secretary, Sanathan Hostel, Cusat. The hostel mess has been shelling out Rs 1,400 per cylinder in the last few weeks.Cusat has four boys' hostels and five girls' hostels. Each hostel requires 25 to 30 cylinders a month.\"At present we charge Rs 40 a day as mess fee from each hostel student. If we are forced to buy cylinders at such a high cost, we will be forced to increase the mess fee or shut down the mess,\" added Bipin.Shaan V S, a student of Maharaja's College, said: \"As we don't have enough LPG cylinders in the hostel mess, food has been rationed. Almost 30 per cent of the male students are forced to eat from outside or go hungry as only limited food is being prepared. The situation is worse in the girls' hostel as there are more students there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896234", "title": "Supreme Court seeks details on Kandhamal acquittals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday sought the Odisha government's response to a PIL which alleged that an unusually high rate of acquittals have marred victims' perception of fair trial in the 2008 Kandhamal communal riot cases. A bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave gave eight weeks to the Naveen Patnaik government to file its reply to a PIL by an NGO, Initiative to Justice, Peace and Human Rights, and other locals. tnnwho complained that only 64 convictions have been recorded in 185 criminal trials relating to the riots.Petitioners' counsel senior advocate Pallav Sisodia alleged that there appeared to be a systemic failure, deliberate or otherwise, leading to the prosecution failing to produce crucial evidence to support statements of eyewitnesses. In several cases, material witnesses have turned hostile, he added.Relying on information collated till December 9, 2011, the NGO claimed that convictions were recorded by the trial courts only for minor offences while accused were let off for serious charges of murder, arson, rape and looting. Out of 185 criminal trials, acquittals have been ordered in 121 cases, the petitioners said.\"This high rate of acquittal explains the role played by the public prosecutor. It seems that the public prosecutors' role was not to assist the administration of justice but to merely act as agents of the State whose aim was to ensure acquittal of accused persons,\" the petition alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897859", "title": "1 km buffer zone, says state cabinet", "text": "PANAJI: The state cabinet has decided to recommend to the ministry of environment and forests a 1 km buffer zone for Goa's six protected areas and a national park.Ironically, the state-appointed district-level committees, constituted to do almost the same thing, are yet to submit their reports. The reports are expected on October 31. The committees, constituted to delineate eco-sensitive zones for protected areas, have been appointed on directives of the Supreme Court. Sources said the issue of the buffer zone was discussed at a recent cabinet meeting where the ministers settled for a 1 km buffer zone after long deliberations.Forest minister Alina Saldanha told STOI that she would have preferred a 2 km protective cover for wildlife sanctuaries and the one national park which are contiguous. \"The buffer zone is not only to protect flora and fauna in the protected areas but also for future generations,\" she said.Considering the presence of habitations near the Bondla and Chorao protected areas, the eco-sensitive zone could be less than 1 km, she felt. Earlier this month, the Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) had classified protected areas across the country into four categories, based on their size, and had suggested buffer zones varying from 2 km to 100 m. From P 1Since most of Goa's protected areas inevitably fall within the 1 km to 100 m buffer zone, environmental activists had flayed the move, worried that protected areas in the state would be left vulnerable to encroachments.Based on the CEC classification, parks above 500 sq km would fall under category A with a safety zone of 2 km from boundary. Under category B (between 200 &amp; 500 sq km) the buffer zone recommended is 1 km from the boundary; while categories C (between 100 and 200 sq km) and D (up to 100 sq km) have a buffer zone of 500 m and 100 m respectively.If these parameters are taken into account, Goa's two major wildlife sanctuaries-Neturlim (211.05 sq km) and Mhadei (208.48 sq km)-will be classified under category B with a buffer zone of just 1 km. Bhagwan Mahavir national park (107 sq km) and wildlife sanctuary (133 sq km) would fall under category C with a buffer zone of 500 m; Cotigao (86 sq km), Bondla (91.8 sq km) and the Salim Ali bird sanctuary (1.8 sq km) would come under category D with eco-sensitive zones of just 100 m each. Of course, if the protected areas are taken as contiguous, then the combined buffer zone of all the protected areas would change to 2 km.But a few greens are skeptical about the state cabinet's recommendation being of any significance, as the committees to delineate eco-sensitive zones for protected areas are yet to submit their reports.The committees are headed by deputy conservators of forest, north and south, as chairmen, and include an ecologist, Nitin Sawant, and mamlatdars and sarpanchas of talukas and villages of the protected areas. They are expected to submit their report by October 31.Sources said the panels had conducted hearings in villages bordering the wildlife sanctuaries and the national park at Mollem. The proposal of a bigger zone was opposed among some sections of villagers.Environmentalists are demanding a 10 km buffer zone for the protected areas, but a few are prepared to compromise for a smaller area, though more than 2 km. They are not averse to a 100 m buffer zone for the Salim Ali bird sanctuary as a bigger one is not feasible due to habitations on Chorao island.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896178", "title": "Government plans pro-chancellor post at Biju Patnaik University of Technology, cuts down VC term", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to introduce the post of pro-chancellor at the Biju Patnaik University of Technology (BPUT). The move seems baffling to many as the same government recently introduced the OUAT Bill 2012 in the assembly, which seeks to abolish the pro-chancellor's post at Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT).At present, OUAT is the only state university which has an ex-officio pro-chancellor's post. It is occupied by the state agriculture minister.While OUAT is set to abolish the \"ornamental\" post, a government meeting on Saturday decided to amend the BPUT Act 2002 and introduce the pro-chancellor's post at the technical university. \"Since the technical education minister has a key role in the functioning of BPUT, it was suggested during the meeting that the minister should be made the pro-chancellor,\" a government statement said. Technical education minister Pratap Keshari Deb had presided over the meeting.Besides, the draft plan has proposed to reduce the term of BPUT vice-chancellor from five years at present to three years. This is also exactly the opposite of what is suggested in case of OUAT. The state government has proposed to increase the tenure of OUAT VC from three years at present to five years. Except for BPUT, the VC's term is for three years at all other state universities. In another contradictory step, the recently introduced OUAT Bill 2012 plans to reduce political representation in its board of management by reducing the number of MLAs in the board from two to one. However, BPUT plans to include two people's representatives (MPs/MLAs) in its board to ensure better political representation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16895921", "title": "Heart patient loses heart, kills self", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 57-year old man, working with the district court at Gandhinagar, jumped in an empty canal and ended his life on Saturday morning. Police investigators said that the victim was a heart patient and had recently undergone a bypass surgery. The ailment might have pushed him to claim his life, they added.According to Sector 21 police station officials, Ravindra Brahmbhatt, a resident of Sector 28, was found dead at 7:45 am from a canal near Sector 30 by his son. He had sustained a head injury and his stitches from the surgery had come undone.As per his statement, Brahmbhatt had left home around 7 am in the morning. \"In our investigation, we got to know that Brahmbhatt, a resident of Sector 28, was working at the chief judicial magistrate's office in Gandhinagar. He got a heart attack on September 29 after which he was first shifted to a hospital on the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar highway and then to a hospital in Ahmedabad. He underwent bypass surgery on October 12 after which he was kept under observation till October 17 and was released the next day,\" said a police investigator.On Saturday, when Brahmbhatt's son and daughter-in-law woke up at 7:30 am, they did not see him. Worried, the son started searching for him in the usual hangouts like gardens and temples near the residence but could not trace him. When he went towards Chiloda road near Sector 30, he saw a crowd near the canal.\"His son found Brahmbhatt dead in the canal as the scooter used by him was parked nearby. While it did not have water, the impact on the canal bed caused the death as his head was injured and the stitches on his chest due to surgery had come undone. We suspect that his frail health condition might have driven him to suicide. Investigation is on,\" said a Sector 21 police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16892986", "title": "CSK vs MI: Chennai Super Kings beat Mumbai Indians by 6 runs", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Lasith Malinga's five-wicket haul and Dinesh Karthik's whirlwind 74 went in vain as Chennai Super Kings eked out a narrow six-run win over Mumbai Indians in an inconsequential Group B match of the Champions League Twenty20 on Saturday.Scorecard | PhotosEven before the first ball was bowled, the match was rendered a dead-rubber after Lions notched up a five-wicket victory over Yorkshire earlier today to become the second team from Group B to reach the semifinals, thus knocking out both Chennai and Mumbai Indians.However, both the IPL teams ensured that the spectators at the New Wanderers stadium don't go back disappointed as they enthralled them with an edge-of-the-seat thriller which went down to the wires.Sent into bat, CSK openers du Plessis (52) and Murali Vijay (39) initially lifted the spirit of the spectators with an entertaining 86-run stand in just 49 balls, studded with 10 fours and three sixes.However, Malinga spoilt their party as he notched up a five-wicket haul in his four overs. The Sri Lankan pacer dismissed du Plessis, Suresh Raina (8), Mahendra Singh Dhoni (35), Albie Morkel (0) and Wriddhiman Saha (5) to help Mumbai restrict Chennai to 173-8.Karthik then led the Mumbai run chase with a scintillating 45-ball 74, which was studded with four fours and six sixes, and almost took them to the brink of victory. Pollard also blasted a 17-ball 31 with the help of one four and three sixes but MI still fell short by six runs in the end.The credit goes to Man of the match, Ben Hilfenhaus (2/14) who led the bowling attack brilliantly. He was supported well by Albie Morkel (2/28) and Ravindra Jadeja (2/47) and part-timer Faf du Plessis (1/3).Chasing 174, Mumbai Indians failed to get a good start and were reduced to 21-2 in 4.4 overs.Opener Sachin Tendulkar's poor run continued and he was the first to be dismissed by Ben Hilfenhaus in the fourth over. In the next over, Morkel dismissed the other opener Smith (13) as MI slumped to 21-2.Rohit Sharma (32) and Karthik then tried to resurrect the innings with the former picking up three sixes but with the Chennai bowlers bowling in tandem, the run-rate kept creeping up all the time.Karthik too then got into the act, hitting Jadeja for a six over midwicket and successive fours at the same area to notch up 19 runs off the over. MI were 77-2 in 11 overs at that stage.Morkel was brought back into the attack and the South African picked up Rohit in his first delivery to reduce MI to 85-3 in 12.1 overs.Ambati Rayudu then handed over his wicket to du Plessis. Kieron Pollard and Karthik then brought up the 100 in 15 overs, still needing 74 runs from 30 balls.Karthik picked up a four and a six off Ashwin to reach his fifty and then plundered a boundary off Doug Bollinger to keep CSK in the hunt.Needing 51 off 3 overs, Mumbai raised 24 runs in the 18th over, courtesy a six by Karthik and a couple of sixes and a four by Pollard.Hilfenhaus was brought in to bowl the 19th over and the Australian, although conceded a six, got rid of Karthik off a slower delivery.Needing 19 runs off six balls, Pollard blasted Jadeja's first ball over the long-off but a stunning catch by Raina in the next ball put brakes to Mumbai's chase.Earlier, Chennai went on to a brilliant start but Pragyan Ojha brought the first break through, cleaning up Vijay after the Tamil Nadu batsman danced down the pitch in pursuit of another big hit. Malinga then struck twice in two balls to reduce them to 101 for three in 10.5 overs.Dhoni (35), who survived a run-out chance early in his innings, provided a much-needed spark with an entertaining 19-ball 35, laced with three fours and two sixes, before becoming a victim of Malinga.Once the captain was back in the pavillion, rest of the batsmen tried to accelerate and even though they perished in regular intervals, they did enough to help Chennai put up a challenging score on board.Earlier, opening the innings, Vijay blasted Ojha for an inside out shot over cover for the first six of the innings in the fifth ball. Du Plessis then went berserk against Mitchell Johnson, picking up two fours and a six in the last three balls of the third over.Vijay too continued his rampage, blasting Dhawal Kulkarni for a six over midwicket and consecutive fours at the covers and point area in the next over as CSK raised 15 runs.Malinga was then introduced into the attack but du Plessis didn't pay any respect to the bowler and clobbered him for three overs to take Chennai to 62 for no loss in 5 overs.Johnson gave away four runs in the next over, while Ojha conceded nine runs, which included a four by Vijay.MI skipper Harbhajan Singh then brought himself into the attack but Vijay picked up two fours in the fourth and fifth ball to take his team to 86-0.Mumbai clawed back after that with the help of Malinga as runs dried out and wickets started to tumble.However, Dhoni kept the scoreboard ticking and picked up a four and six at the deep backward point to help Chennai accumulate 13 runs of the 14th over.In the 17th over, Dhoni picked up a six and a four in the first two balls but Malinga cut his innings short when he had him caught at backward point by Smith.In the final over, R Ashwin blasted a four and six over third man off the last ball to swell Chennai's total to 173-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16899607", "title": "Kumari puja in Belur Math on Maha Ashtami", "text": "KOLKATA: Following the age-old tradition, this year also Ramakrishna Mission (RKM), Belur Math will celebrate Kumari Puja on maha ashtami on Monday. This year, a five-year old girl will be worshipped. The main priest for the puja will be Swami Dayaghanachaitanya and the tantra dharok will be Swami Tattwavidananda.Kumari Puja was started by Swami Vivekananda himself in 1901. During that time nine girls were worshipped as Kumaris. Swamiji himself worshipped one of them. But now only one girl is worshipped.This girl is usually selected from a family, which is associated with the RKM so that they have clear idea about the lineage of the girl. Spiritually any girl who has not reached her puberty level or is incapable of procreation is considered as Kumari. It looks for girls who are within five to seven years old for Kumari Puja. It is important that the girl should be Brahmin by birth and the parents have strong spiritual background.\"The girl should be from a family which has a predominant religious background,\" said one of the Maharajs of RKM.\"The girl will come to the mission in the morning and our people in presence of the girl's mother will start decking her up for the puja from 8.30am. The puja will begin at 9am,\" he said.The head priest usually chooses the Kumari from atleast five-six girls. They believe, it is worshipping God in living mother form. Starting at 9am in the morning the Kumari puja lasts for 45-50 minutes.The volunteers of the puja prepare the girl in red saree and she then sits beside the Durga idol, where she is worshipped by the pujari (priest) amidst sound of dhak and later all the senior swamis including the president Maharaj offers her pranam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16895873", "title": "Gujarat University ATKT exams from November 3", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) will conduct the ATKT exams for semester one and two students from November 3. However, since the website of the university is not updated, the colleges have not been able to fill the forms online.This is the first time that the GU has made it compulsory for the forms of all the students who will appear for ATKT exams to be filled online.However, since the GU website is not updated, college authorities say they are not able to complete the procedure. With the students giving the college a miss during the Navratri and Dusshera holidays coming up, colleges say they are at a loss as to by when the forms will be filled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16896271", "title": "Woman tries to 'kill' grandchildren to 'punish' deserting sons", "text": "SAMBALPUR: An old woman tried to kill her four grandchildren in Kuchinda area in the district on Tuesday in order to take 'revenge' on her sons for deserting her. The woman mixed rat poison in tea and served it to the children. She also consumed the tea herself, apparently to commit suicide.Locals rescued them all in critical condition and admitted them to a local hospital. Later the children were shifted to VSS medical college and hospital for treatment. Police has registered a case and started investigation in the incident.\"We have registered a case after receiving the information. However, we have not taken any action against the woman yet as she was also admitted to the hospital in a serious condition,\" said a police officer of Mahulpali police station of Sambalpur district.According to police, the woman has two sons, but she was living alone because of her sore relation with her sons. But her grandchildren, identified as Bijeswar Kishan (9), Krishna Kishan (2), Debaki Kishan (4) and Tijendra Kishan (2), used to visit her regularly.On Tuesday, the old woman served them black tea in the morning when they went to visit her. She also had the same tea with them. \"When they started fainting after consuming the tea, all of us were shocked. We immediately took them to Kuchinda hospital for treatment,\" a villager said. According to him, the woman revealed the truth in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896163", "title": "Realtor held in hotelier shooting case", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Saturday arrested a property dealer from Dharavi associated with a slum rehabilitation scheme (SRA) in connection with the firing on hotelier B R Shetty.Nityanand Nayak (35), a property dealer and friend of a builder who is carrying out an SRA project, was picked up on Saturday morning. The anti-extortion cell of the Mumbai crime branch has booked Nayak for attempt to murder and he will be produced before a court on Sunday.On October 3, hotelier B R Shetty who was driving home was shot at by two motorcycle- borne shooters outside Infinity Mall on Link Road in Andheri. Sources said Nayak knew about the plot and has played a key role in the crime. Shetty, who owns a chain of hotels in Mumbai, Dubai and Malaysia, had recently invested a few crores in a disputed SRA project in Dharavi.\"We have picked him up. Prima facie it appears that the accused had planned to kill Shetty. We will question him further,\" an official said.Police have got inputs that three persons were involved in the criminal conspiracy. The police are now looking for two others. Shetty, who received a bullet injury on his shoulder, has recovered completely and has been discharged from hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895784", "title": "\u2018Rajasthani Ravan\u2019 to die on Vijayadashmi", "text": "PATNA: This year, Lord Ram would be burning a Rajasthani Ravan, Kumbhakarn and Meghnad at Gandhi Maidan during the 'Ravana Vadh Samaroh' being organized by the Shree Dussehra Committee Trust, Naga Baba Thakur Bari, on Vijayadashmi on October 24.\"It would be a grand occasion. We have spent over Rs 2.3 lakh on the whole arrangement,\" committee secretary Arun Kumar said. The making of the effigies of 65-feet-high Ravan, Kumbhakarn (60 feet) and Meghnad (55 feet) alone cost over Rs 1.5 lakh.An artisan from Gaya - Md Zafar Alam - has been working on the effigies of Ravan and others for the last one month. Alam said, \"This Ravan would look Rajasthani since his royal blue colour dress has been designed in a Rajasthani way.\" As many as 204 bamboos, each of them 28-feet-high, have already been used in the three effigies, and 40 more would be used.To continue the fireworks for a longer duration, fire crackers worth Rs 80,000 have been ordered. \"For the last 56 years, we have been organizing 'Ravan Vadh Samaroh'. This year, it will take place at 5pm. Bihar governor Devanand Konwar would inaugurate the function while CM Nitish Kumar would be the chief guest and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi the special guest,\" said convener Kamal Nopani.To avoid any untoward incident and prevent eve-teasing, there would be separate galleries this year for men and women. The gallery for men would accommodate over 10,000 people while galleries for women would have the capacity to accommodate over 3,000 women each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895913", "title": "Cops lookout for Chhota Rajan's brother in redevelopment dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) is looking for gangster Chhota Rajan's brother Deepak Nikhalje in a Rs 6.5 crore cheating case involving property redevelopment. Nikhalje is reportedly absconding, said sources.On Saturday, EOW officials raided his office and residence in Chembur and Ghatkopar and recovered documents but could not find him. Nikhalje, a resident of Tilak Nagar (Chembur) is the vice-president of Republican Party of India (Athavale) faction. Additional police commissioner (EOW) Rajvardhan Sinha confirmed that they were on the lookout for Nikhalje, who has been named as an accused in the FIR.According to the police, the developer, Kartik Bhatt, had filed a complaint alleging that Nikhalje had cheated and duped him in a redevelopment project they had undertaken. Some years ago, Nikhalje floated a company Adhi Shakti Cooperative Housing Development Pvt Ltd for the purpose of redeveloping slums at Siddharth Nagar in Chembur.Nikhalje sold his company for Rs 90 crore to Bhatt by signing a memorandum of undertaking. \"According to the agreement, Bhatt paid Nikhalje Rs 6.5 crore and the balance was to be paid in various stages of development. After the property prices rose, Nikhalje asked Bhatt to cancel the deal and return his company,\" said Subhash Borate, the investigating officer. The project had not started then.Meanwhile, Nikhalje allegedly forged the share certificates of Adi Shakti and submitted a proposal before the Slum Redevlopment Authority for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896588", "title": "Four held for mobile theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two newspaper hawkers have been arrested and two juveniles detained for burglary in south Delhi. Police have seized 16 expensive cellphones from them.Rahul Pandey alias Roshan (19) and Saurabh Sharma (20) were arrested following a complaint by one Nitish Kumar , a resident of Kudi Chowk, Lado Sarai, on October 3 regarding theft of three expensive cellphones, ATM card and other valuables from his house one morning. During probe, police found that a gang was stealing cellphones, especially during the morning hours.\"On October 15, we were tipped off about the burglars and laid a trap at Lado Sarai. Roshan was apprehended from a bus stand. We found a stolen cellphone on him,\" said an officer.Later, Saurabh was also arrested and the two juveniles detained.Police said the accused took to stealing to get money for drugs and alcohol; they sold the cellphones really cheap. The juveniles were used for soft entry in the homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16899610", "title": "Rishi Kapoor plays Dawood in D Day", "text": "After his wonderfully skilled performance as a gay dean in Karan Johar's Student Of The Year Rishi Kapoor is all set to play Dawood.The super-versatile Rishi Kapoor stepping into Dawood's white shoes is indeed a cinematic coup. It apparently took director Nikhil Advani who has earlier worked with Rishi Kapoor in Patiala House a good six months to convince the temperamental Kapoor.Rishi initially said no. Arshad Warsi was being considered for Dawood's role . But Advani had his heart set on Rishi Kapoor. And he finally got him.After Saif Ali Khan in Agent Vinod and Salman Khan in Ek Tha Tiger it's Arjun Rampal who plays a RAW agent in D Day. Arjun is mighty kicked by the prospect of working with Rishi Kapoor. \"I've never worked with him before, wanted to for a very long time. Finally I am getting the chance. Another actor in D Day I seriously wanted to work with is Irrfan Khan. I can't wait to get started.\"D Day takes off in September. But before that Arjun undergoes intensive physical training to get into character.Says the committed actor, \"Nikhil Advani has invited a whole slew of action directors from Hollywood to train the actors.They arrive tomorrow(Thursday). RAW agents posses a certain physique and their combat tactics are learnt mostly from the MOSSAD. It's a specialized kind of combat involving guns and hand-to-hand training. I am looking forward to getting into character.\"D day is about RAW agents, played by Arjun Rampal and Irrfan Khan who are assigned to bring Dawood back from Pakistan by road. Since permission to shoot in Pakistan is impossible Nikhil Advani would be shooting the Pakistani scenes in the Kutch district of Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16897239", "title": "While state worries about power, ministers talk freebies", "text": "TRICHY: Though the AIADMK ministers are into a freebie-distribution spree consisting of mangalsutras and cycles, the talk always centers around the power situation in the state. \"Amma is the only hope to banish darkness from the state,\" says minister for education, youth welfare, courts and prisons, N R Sivapathy, while MLAs such as Manoharan exhorted the party men to take a pledge to \"make Amma Prime Minister\" so that she becomes the panacea for all the state's ills.The weekends are more often than not reserved for \"carrying all the welfare schemes to the doorsteps of the people.\"Sivapathy started his day early on Saturday amid the drizzling, by first distributing mangalsutras to 80 beneficiaries at the collector's office. Thirty-three graduates were given a marriage assistance of Rs 50,000. The minister was accompanied on the dais by MP Kumar, legislators M Paranjothi, R Manoharan, T P Poonatchi and district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, who said that 2,200 beneficiaries had been given mangalsurtras in the first phase in this fiscal and Saturday's function cost the exchequer Rs 37 lakh.The next venue was Bishop Heber Higher Secondary School where Sivapathy distributed cycles to 292 students, and then to another 454 students at Philomina Girl's Higher Secondary School at Melapudhur.In all the meetings, the minister said the people should work hard to give the AIADMK all the parliamentary seats from Tamil Nadu. Going a step further, he also told the students to be grateful to Jayalalithaa for having allocated Rs 15,000 crore to the ministry of education. The minister accompanied by his team later visited the K A P Viswanatham Government Hospital and supervised preventive measures taken to contain dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896670", "title": "Minimum temperature dips further to 14.80 C", "text": "PUNE: Night temperature in the city dipped further to 14.8 degrees Celsius on Saturday, 3.3 degrees Celsius below normal and the third lowest temperature recorded in the state.On Friday, the city had recorded 15.7 degrees Celsius, which was 2.4 degrees Celsius below normal.\"The decline in minimum temperature for the last few days is mainly on account of the northerly winds flowing into Pune region and the low moisture content in the atmosphere ,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Saturday.\"However, we do not expect a further fall in the night temperature as there is a possibility of formation of clouds and rain in the city during the next two days. The minimum temperature will, in fact, rise due to cloudiness and moisture incursion,\" she said.There has been a noticeable fall in the night temperatures in most parts of the north central Maharashtra between Jalgaon/Nashik and Pune. Malegaon recorded the state's lowest temperature at 12 degrees Celsius while Ahmednagar and Nashik recorded an identical 14.5 degrees Celsius.Khole said, \"The southwest monsoon has made an exit from the country while the northeast monsoon rains have started in the peninsular India which covers the southern states, since Friday. Under the influence of an increased amplitude of trough in easterly waves, we expect some rainfall in south Maharashtra including Pune, in the next two days.\"Mahabaleshwar in Satara district recorded 15.6 degrees Celsius while Jalgaon registered 16.1 degrees Celsius. Parbhani in Marathwada was cooler at 14.5 degrees Celsius, but the night temperature in most prominent places across Vidarbha region was recorded between 17 and 20 degrees Celsius.Similarly, the southern parts of central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur had warmer nights with temperatures between 18 and 22 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16897154", "title": "Dhaka refused to take back 29000 infiltrators: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: On a day when Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde visited the India-Bangladesh border in Dhubri district to review border security measures against illegal influx, chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday said Bangladesh has refused to take back over 29,000 persons declared as illegal migrants by foreigners' tribunals since 1985.Shinde, accompanied by home secretary RK Singh, visited all the riverine outposts of BSF at Sishumara in Dhubri district. The state has a riverine border of 43.23 km with Bangladesh, which cannot be fenced and is open to influx.Gogoi said, \"Bangladesh does not recognize the verdicts given by India's foreigners' tribunals. Bangladesh wants an international neutral body to verify the citizenship of these persons and only if it finds them to be Bangladesh citizens, the country is ready to take them back.\" Gogoi stressed on having a treaty between the two countries on the deportation issue.\"We have a very poor record of deportation of the illegal migrants from Bangladesh,\" added Gogoi. Giving the statistics in white paper on foreigners' issue that he released here on Saturday, Gogoi said, since 1985, 4,52,667 cases were referred to foreigners' tribunals and the now defunct IM(DT) tribunals.\"From 1985 till date, 1,85,275 cases were disposed of and among these 29,237 were declared illegal migrants. But in all these years, we have been able to deport just 2442 of them. Our deportation record is very poor,\" said Gogoi.The declared foreigners are handed over to BSF for deportation. The BSF then refers them to Border Guards Bangladesh, which refers them further to Bangladesh local police. It is only after Bangladesh police verifies the antecedents of the illegal migrant waiting deportation from India, the actual deportation takes place. But the whole process is a lengthy one.\"If Bangladesh refuses to take these people, they become stateless,\" Gogoi's white paper stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "poet-lyricist majrooh sultanpuri immortalised the word 'caravan' with his couplet 'main akela hi chala tha jaanib-e-manzil magar/ log saath aate gaye aur kaarvaan banta gaya (i was going towards my goal alone/people came along and a caravan was formed).' much the same hope has set justice markandey katju, retired supreme court judge and press council of india chief, on a mission", "code": "16895757", "title": "\u2018Urdu doesn\u2019t belong to Muslims alone\u2019", "text": "Poet-lyricist Majrooh Sultanpuri immortalised the word 'caravan' with his couplet 'Main akela hi chala tha jaanib-e-manzil magar/ Log saath aate gaye aur kaarvaan banta gaya (I was going towards my goal alone/People came along and a caravan was formed).' Much the same hope has set Justice Markandey Katju, retired Supreme Court judge and Press Council of India chief, on a mission: that of leading the Urdu Heritage Caravan, an initiative to restore the glory of a language slowly slipping into a coma.Kicked off in New Delhi on September 16 with a conference and a shaam-e-ghazal (evening of ghazals), the caravan will reach Mumbai on October 21 before it moves to Lucknow and Hyderabad. In Mumbai, apart from a discussion on Urdu fiction, Caravan will also hold a conference on 100 years of Indian cinema and Urdu.Through debates, dramas and conferences, the initiative will engage people from cultural icons to powerful politicos to common connoisseurs. It seeks to remove two wrong and mischievous notions about Urdu\u2014that it is a foreign language and the language of Muslims alone. \"Only fools believe that Urdu belongs to Muslims alone and that it came from outside. It is an indigenous language created by both Hindus and Muslims,\" explains Justice Katju, a connoisseur of Urdu poetry. \"Our idea is to highlight Urdu's pluralistic character and the injustices it has suffered over the years,\" adds Asif Azmi, Caravan's convener who roped in Justice Katju to head the movement.Where did these injustices stem from? \"Urdu is paying the price of Partition. Urdu ko logon ne musalman bana diya (Urdu has been made a Muslim),\" protests senior Urdu poet Nida Fazli. Fazli slams those Muslims who try to appropriate Urdu, cover it in an Islamic hue and disrobe it of its secular veneer.Competitive communalism in post-Independence India has also harmed Urdu grievously. Take Maharashtra. With 4,400 Urdu-medium primary schools, 1,400 high schools and 240 junior colleges, Maharashtra could have set an example in being an incubator for Urdu. Yet, here too Urdu's future looks bleak. Recently, this newspaper reported about a \"crumbling\" civic-run Urdu school in Mumbra where around 150 pupils are crammed in one classroom. Students use a public toilet across a nullah, as the authorities allegedly pulled down school's toilets to accommodate more students over the last nine years. \"Primary teachers teach students of Class 9 and 10, as not a single teacher has been appointed in many years,\" says local activist Pervez Farid who took mediapersons to the school. This is not an isolated example, as creaking infrastructure mars teaching of Urdu across the state.Limited job opportunities in Urdu also hamper the language's progress. \"Many parents don't teach their children Urdu because they know Urdu has few takers in the job market. The language cannot survive unless it is linked with rozi-roti,\" says M A Basheer, a Nanded-based lecturer and champion of Urdu. He says that, like the UPSC, the MPSC too should allow students to write papers in Urdu in the exams conducted by it.The Maharashtra State Urdu Sahitya Academy, one of the partners in Caravan's programme in Mumbai, is doing precious little to promote Urdu. It stopped running Urdu classes years ago. \"While the annual budget of the Andhra Pradesh Urdu Academy is Rs 28 crore, in Maharashtra it is just Rs one crore. How can you expect an academy to function efficiently on such a small budget?\" asks Meraaj Siddiqui of Majlis-e-Shoora, an NGO. State minorities affairs minister Naseem Khan denies that any injustice is being done to Urdu. \"The government is giving an annual grant of Rs 2 lakh to all minority-run schools and that includes Urdu schools,\" he says. \"We will soon build Urdu Bhavans in Mumbai, Nanded, Aurangabad and Solapur. But as Urdu journalist Sami Bubere counters, what purpose will Urdu Bhavans in the future serve if there are hardly any Urdu-knowing people left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16898041", "title": "Couple held for duping people of Rs 50 lakh", "text": "COIMBATORE: The City Crime Branch (CCB) of the Coimbatore city police on Saturday arrested a couple, who ran a chit fund firm in Ganapathy and duped people of Rs 50 lakh. The couple has been identified as N Subramaniam, 54 and his wife S Sasikala, 46 of Sanganoor road near Ganapathy in the city. Police said, the couple had been running the chit fund firm in the name of 'SNS chit funds' for the past 22 years and had offered chits worth Rs1lakh, Rs2lakh to their customers.According to police, three years ago, S Shylasree, 35 of Gopalswamy Temple Street near Ganapathy had approached the couple and told them she would join two chits worth Rs 2 lakh each. She had paid over Rs2.5Lakhs for 32 months. Later, when she asked the firm to return her money, the couple told her that they were going through a severe financial loss and could not repay it. The couple asked her to wait for at least two months. However, Shylasree did not receive any amount after waiting for over two months.On Friday evening, she approached the CCB police and lodged a complaint. The police arrested the couple on Saturday morning. Sasikala told the police that she was working in a private bank as gold appraiser and was cheated by one of the bank customers, who had pledged gold plated jewels and borrowed a loan of Rs 10 lakh. The bank had asked her to pay the money back. So, she paid Rs10lakh to the bank using the money collected from the people through the chit fund. However, she could not repay the amount to the public due to financial crisis. She confessed that she along with her husband, Subramaniam took Rs50lakh from people in the city. They had also promised to return the money after selling their property worth Rs2crore.Police registered a case under section 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) of Indian Penal Code. They have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895628", "title": "4 booked for assaulting BMC staffers", "text": "MUMBAI: Four persons, including a builder, were booked by the Andheri police on Friday for assaulting BMC water department employees. Two of the accused have been arrested.The incident took place around 12.30pm on Friday, when Pandurang Ainwad, a BMC employee from the Andheri K-ward office, had gone to Gokul Cooperative Society in Andheri (E) with his colleague. The BMC had received several complaints about the water being supplied there and had ruled that the pipeline was old and had to be replaced. BMC officers then began working on replacing the pipelines.\"When Ainwad and his colleague arrived at the society to check if residents were getting clean water, the accused beat them up, asking them with whose permission they had destroyed the old pipeline,\" a senior police officer said. Two of them, Shabbir Khan (22) and Asif Khan (20), were later arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900454", "title": "I want a Christian-style wedding: Sushmita Sen", "text": "Bollywood actress Sushmita Sen has marriage on her mind and says it's her dream to have a lavish Christian style wedding.\"It is my childhood dream to have a Christian style wedding, just like the fairy tales. I always imagine myself as a bride who will wear a gown, with a long train and veil. I find the idea of walking down the aisle and then being handed to the groom by the father very romantic,\" Sushmita said.The 36-year-old former Miss Universe , who has two adopted daughters Renee and Alishah, said she is now thinking seriously about getting married.\"I will also do a traditional Indian wedding since my father wants me to. Right now I am seriously thinking of marriage. May be something will happen next year,\" she added.Sushmita has allegedly dated director Mudassar Aziz and actor Randeep Hooda earlier. She was recently rumoured to be dating business man Imtiaz Khatri.The actress walked the ramp for designer Mandira Wirk at the Blenders Pride Fashion Tour here last night, wearing a full-skirted old rose coloured ball gown and looked every bit like the bride of her dreams.\"Walking around in this dress is very emotional because of what it depicts. I am a firm believer in the institution of marriage and I feel all these are signs that are telling me it is time,\" she said.Earlier in the evening model-turned-actress Bipasha Basu walked the ramp for designer friend Nandita Mahtani , who displayed her resort-cum-evening wear collection.\"I started modelling from the age of 16 and within three years I was bored and decided to shift to films. But I love modelling because it gave me independence. I love coming back and working with my old designer and model friends ,\" said Bipasha, who wore a neon green maxi dress with detailed sequin work in the hemline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16897728", "title": "Health scheme for Bangalore's poor", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore's poorer sections can now benefit from the Vajpayee Arogyashri Yojana. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will inaugurate the scheme on Sunday, at a health camp organized at Ujwala School in Kadugodi, Mahadevapura. The scheme will be introduced in Mysore later this month.Vajpayee Arogyashri, a model health scheme introduced by the Karnataka government in 2010, provides free medical facilities up to Rs 1.50 lakh to below poverty line (BPL) families, at hospitals affiliated to the government.\"The state health department is planning to bring seven more diseases, including cancer , heart ailments, burns etc. under the Vajpayee Yojana. This move will allow BPL people to access free surgeries up to Rs 1.50 lakh at more than 25 government and private hospitals,\" sources from the department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897507", "title": "Mob fury: 11 Spanco staff injured", "text": "NAGPUR: The vigilance wing members of Spanco Nagpur Discom Limited (SNDL) came under attack during a drive to detect power theft at Kamgar Nagar in Nara on Saturday. Around 11 employees were injured after the mob started pelting stones and assaulted the SNDL employees with sticks and rods leaving couple of them serious.It has come to fore that five vigilance teams comprising 23 members had been conducting checks in the colony when they faced the heat of the local residents who tried to push them away. Despite the accompanying cops, the SNDL vigilance team faced violent resistance at the residences of Mohammed Riyasat Ali and Barkat Ali where the inspecting employees traced evidences of tampering. The unscrupulous consumers were drawing illegal power from sources not meant for such purposes.Despite the mob fury the SNDL employees managed to detect 12 cases of power theft in the locality. It is learnt that the sweeping action against power thefts triggered the attack.The Ali brothers, apart from attacking the employees, also assembled a violent crowd who too showered blows on them. The injured SNDL employees had to be rushed to private hospital for treatment.A case of rioting and causing grievous hurt apart from other charges was registered against 23 accused at Jaripatka police station. No arrest has been made in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16896862", "title": "Ramsay leads Indian Open as stirring finale in the offing", "text": "BANGALORE: The expected Indian charge finally did come about, but it may be a trifle late to actually alter the script the foreigners had written on the opening two days of the $1.25 million Hero-Indian Open at the KGA on Saturday.For, despite some riveting stuff, especially from homeboy Anirban Lahiri who shot the day's best of five-under 66, the Indians were still some way off to make a fist of it on the final day as pace-setter Richie Ramsay of Scotland was way ahead of them.Despite the lead, Ramsay would have probably enjoyed the weather - Scottish-like with constant pitter-patter - more than the fare he dished out. The 29-year-old, despite a poor day on the greens, shot a gritty one-under 70 under testing conditions to hold a one-shot lead over fast-finishing Jaakko Makitalo of Finland. Ramsay took his three-day tally to 11-under 202.Former champion Thaworn Wiratchant (67), fellow Thai Panuphol Pittayarat (69) and first-round joint leader James Morrison (66) roared back into contention to stay two shots behind the leader in tied third place and set up an interesting final day battle with a three more players a shot further back.Shiv Kapur (68), searching for his first Asian Tour title in seven years, was the best-placed Indian at seven-under 206 in ninth place. Lahiri, who led the charge of the Indians, former champion Jyoti Randhawa, Chiragh Kumar and local amateur S Chikkarangappa, who all shot four-under 67s, were a stroke further back. Unless the Indians set the course on fire or Ramsay and the rest fall apart, an Indian victory looks a tall order indeed.Leading scores (after Round 3): 202: Richie Ramsay (66, 66, 70); 203: Jaakko Makitalo (Fin, 67, 68, 68); 204: Panuphol Pittayarat (Thai, 67, 68, 69), James Morrison (Eng, 66, 71, 67); Thaworn Wiratchant (69, 68, 67); 205: Chapchai Nirat (Thai, 67, 68, 69), Angelo Cue (Phi, 68, 68, 69), Arnond Vongvanij (Thai, 71, 67, 67); 206: Shiv Kapur (67, 71, 68). Selected Indian scores (A denotes amateur): 207: Jyoti Randhawa (72, 68, 67), Chiragh Kumar (69, 71, 67), S Chikkarangappa (A, 72, 68, 67), Anirban Lahiri (70, 71, 66), Gangajeet Bhullar (68, 69, 70).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "16898314", "title": "Two more rape cases reported from Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: Bringing more shame to the state and adding to the high tally of rape cases, the district police registered two more such cases highlighting vulnerability of the fairer sex and teenage turmoil in Haryana. A teenaged victim of rape was found to be 7 months pregnant, while a one-year old girl was allegedly raped by 15-year-old teenager.Doctors at the civil hospital diagnosed a 15-year-old girl from Butana village in Nilokheri segment of the district 7 months pregnant. The girl was brought to the hospital by her grandmother on Friday after she complained of acute stomach ache. The parents of the girl, who is a student of Class IX, alleged that she had been raped by two youth in March or April, this year. But they did not report the matter to the police fearing social implications.District police chief Shashank Anand said cops have recorded the statements of the girl's parents and registered a case under various sections, including 376, 452 and 506 of the IPC, against one Mahinder of Butana village in the district.In another case, a local NGO approached the district police chief with a complaint alleging that one year-old girl of a slum dweller was raped by a 15-year-old boy, who lived in another hutment close to their dwelling unit.National Integrated Forum for Artists president Pritpal Singh Pannu said after the matter came to the notice of the NGO and it decided to take up the matter with the police. The SP said he had received the complaint and ordered a thorough investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16895893", "title": "Araku utsav off to a colourful start", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Inaugurating the two-day Araku Utsav in Araku on Saturday, Union panchayat raj and tribal welfare minister V Kishore Chandra Deo noted that Borra caves should be given the due publicity as they are a unique phenomenon that is not found everywhere. The minister and local MP added that the APTDC must tie up with the adjoining Chattisgarh and Orissa to throw open the entire region to tourists under one umbrella considering the fact that some of the most scenic spots were located there.Urging the APTDC to conduct Araku Utsav regularly every year, the minister directed the organisers to focus equally on the region's unique socio-cultural features. Later, State minister for tribal welfare, Pasupuleti Bala Raju observed that the Araku, Paderu, Chintapalli and Visakhapatnam regions should be made into a single, connected tourist zone. P Bala Raju also said that tourism would definitely help improve the financial conditions of the native tribals in the region apart from exposing the tourists to the rich treasures of the tribal belt.Prior to inaugurating the fest Kishore Chandra Deo and P Bala Raju opened the newly constructed amphitheatre and boating pool. Speaking on the occasion, the CEO of APTDC Srinivas noted that APTDC would provide further employment to tribals. K Srikanth Prabhakar, Paderu ITDA PO was amongst those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16897000", "title": "Police stations to be fully computerised", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief secretary Javed Usmani on Saturday directed officials to complete computerisation of police stations in the state by March 2014. Presiding over a review meeting, Usmani set a deadline of March 2013 for completion of the first phase of the project where in 50 per cent of the police stations in cities like Lucknow, Ghazipur and Moradabad will get fully computerised.In all, 1,504 police stations and 105 reporting police outposts are proposed to be computerised under the project. Under the scheme of things, the data base of the last 10 years available at the police stations will be digitalised. The project will also allow the applicants to get facilities like passport and license renewal online. Likewise, crime and criminal tracking system will be put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897997", "title": "Kashmiri traders driven away from Orchha", "text": "INDORE: Small-time traders from Jammu and Kashmir, who visited the fort town of Orchha in Madhya Pradesh in search of livelihood during peak tourism season, allegedly faced hostile environment from local goons owing allegiance to a political party and were driven out.Shooed away from Orchha, the traders have complained to the ruling National Conference in J&K; and urged the government to take up the issue with MP Government.Talking with TOI over phone from Srinagar, ruling National Conference party spokesman in Jammu and Kashmir Tanvir Sadiq admitted that about a dozen Kashmiris had complained that they were not being allowed to carry out business in the tourist place of Orchha in Madhya Pradesh. \"This time the Kashmiris had to pack their bags after stiff resistance from local goons in Orchha,\" he said adding that they had been threatened earlier also.A delegation of Kashmiris led by Shouqat Ahmed met Tanvir Sadiq. Others in the delegation were Asif Zargar, Nisar Ahmed, Imitiaz Ahmed Dar, Altaf Ahmed and Imran Qadir.Tanvir further said, \"The matter has been reported to officials in the state government who in turn have taken it up with the joint secretary home, GoI, K Skandan. The National Conference leader said that he has also taken up the issue with the former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh and Congress leader, Digvijay Singh and the local MLA (Prithvipur) Brijendra Singh Rathore of Congress. \"The leaders have assured me that this problem would not recur,\" said Tanvir.Quoting the aggrieved businessmen, he said that the goons identify them use abusive language. The local goons reportedly warned the Kashmiris to shut their shops and return back.MLA Brijendra Singh also said he received a call from Jammu &amp; Kashmir government voicing concern about the plight of Kashmiri traders in Orchha. \"The minister informed me that the traders had come down to Orchha from the valley to sell their products but they were harassed by local goons associated with a political party. I have assured him that the matter would be looked into,\" he added.The MLA however, did not reveal the name of the minister who called him up and also the name of the party from which the accused are associated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900226", "title": "Tollywood all set to get its own Durga Puja", "text": "Tollywood is all set to get its own Durga Puja, which is being organized at a film city.\"Till this day, people from the industry have been celebrating the festival at various pandals. So, it is time that they celebrated Puja at a place where they work. Here actors, DoPs, art directors, editors, all will offer anjali. Everybody is invited,\" said Pritimoy Chakraborty from the film city.Rituparna Sengupta , Rituparno Ghosh , Swastika Mukherjee, Raj Chakrabarty, Rudranil Ghosh and Anjan Dutta have confirmed there presence. \"I hope Bumba (Prosenjit) will come and surprise me since he has always been a good support,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16897276", "title": "Farmers see ray of hope in early rains", "text": "TRICHY: Delta farmers seem temporarily relieved owing to the sudden showers that have come their way. But they feel that though the northeast monsoon has arrived in full force, it cannot help samba cultivation, but may boost dry crop cultivation and improve the groundwater level. Even the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) has exuded some confidence as its exclusive reservoirs for hydropower are being filled fast.It has been raining in the delta districts for the past few days. On Friday, the sharp showers lashed Trichy district from morning to afternoon. The onset of the northeast monsoon is a boon for farmers who cultivate dry crops. If it rains continuously during this monsoon, the groundwater level will come up so that borewell water can be used for dry crop cultivation, provided the government provides power supply.At the same time, representatives of many farmers associations in delta districts comprising Nagapattinam, Tiruvarur, Thanjavur and Trichy say the monsoon should have come in the last week of September so that farmers could have been ready for Samba cultivation. If farmers begin Samba cultivation now, it is not sure whether it would rain without fail during the monsoon. At the same time, the Cauvery water released from Karnataka has not reached the tail-end delta districts.Meanwhile, Karnataka still seems adamant about not releasing water required for Samba cultivation in Tamil Nadu. Farmers are confident the ongoing spell of rain will not help samba cultivation. But the only solace is that this year, the state can look forward to good rains by way of the northeast monsoon, according to the meteorological department in Chennai.Meanwhile, TNEB has expressed confidence that it can generate hydropower from its exclusive reservoirs in the state as the reservoirs are getting filled fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897032", "title": "Military nursing services ADG visits IAF hospital", "text": "KANPUR: Major General HJ Bhullar, Vishist Seva Medal, Additional Director General, Military Nursing Services, visited 7-Air Force hospital on Saturday. She was accompanied by Brigadier Susheela Sahi, Brigadier in-charge of Military Services, Central Command, Lucknow.They were received by Air Commodore RK Ranyal, VSM, AOC 7-Air Force Hospital and Colonel Kajal Chakraborthy, principal matron of the hospital.Maj Gen Bhullar visited various wards and departments of the hospital. She also visited ECHS Polyclinic.The visiting official spoke to the officer nurses and extended good wishes to them. She expressed satisfaction in the functioning of the hospital. In her address, she emphasised on the motto 'care and compassion'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896365", "title": "FIR against 34 bogus voters", "text": "GURGAON: The Pataudi police have lodged an FIR against 34 residents of Ransika village who had allegedly used two voter IDs each.On the recommendation of Vatsal Vashistha, election registration officer-cum-SDM Pataudi, police booked the 34 voters under Section 31 of the Lok Pratinidhi Act, 1950. According to police, in the last Panchayat Samiti, assembly and parliamentary elections, 34 residents of Ransika village allegedly used two voter IDs and voted in two villages.The HC, in response to an individual's petition against the bogus voters, had directed the district administration to probe the case and lodge an FIR against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16896989", "title": "Padma theatre reopens second screen", "text": "KOCHI: The high court on Friday stayed the order issued by the corporation to close down the second screen in Padma theatre and permitted it to screen films there until the next hearing.The owners of the theatre said they reopened the second screen on Saturday morning following the interim order.The local body had earlier issued the closure notice following a report submitted by the town planning officer which stated that the second screen was in the area marked as a lounge.The civic body had given occupancy certificate only for the lounge facility.On Wednesday, the corporation sealed the screen on the recommendation of the standing committee (health). However, it stated that the theatre could resume operations after it owners obtained a licence. The finance committee had asked the town planning officer to submit a report on the theatre following an appeal filed by its owner A S Guna Shenoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897599", "title": "Cabinet weighs options on consent clause in land bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union Cabinet would discuss if 67%, 80% or 90% of owners should give consent to let the government acquire land for private projects, reopening the issue on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's reported thumbs down to dilution of the key clause in the land acquisition bill.But for Gandhi's message against watering down of landowner's consent, the group of ministers (GoM), headed by Sharad Pawar , had settled that nod from 67% owners would suffice for government to acquire land for private sector.According to sources, the rural development ministry has circulated a note for comments from ministries in which it has given multiple options of consent.While the note is learnt to mention the consent of 67%, 80% and 90% owners for acquisition for private sector, it has offered 67% and 80% as possibilities for Public Private Partnership projects.That higher percentage of consent are back on the table conveys there may be fresh debate on the firewall against government's omnipotent powers to take over individual land on the pretext of \"public purpose\".In May, a parliamentary committee that vetted the land bill triggered discussions by recommending that government should not acquire land for projects belonging to private sector and PPP. While the Centre ignored the suggestion, it retained the consent of \"80% landowners and livelihood losers\" to argue that owners opinion would be the key.The issue turned when key infrastructure and industry-related ministries frowned upon the provision as retrograde that would render acquisition impossible, halting industrialization and urbanization. The strong opposition at an August Cabinet meeting sent the bill back to GoM, and subsequently rural ministry toned down the consent clause to \"67% of landowners\". The GoM accepted the 67% clause, duly announced by rural development minister Jairam Ramesh this week.The intervention from Congress leadership, with Gandhi learnt to have dubbed dilution below 80% as conflicting with the party's agenda, seems to have thrown open the debate. Sources said 67% may be acceptable for PPP if ownership of land remained with government but it was unlikely to be retained for \"private projects for public purpose\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16898186", "title": "Cop on patrol hit by SUV, dies", "text": "BANGALORE: A head constable on night patrol died after his Cheetah patrol motorcycle was hit by a Tata S u m o from behind early on Saturday.The incident occurs a day before the country was to observe Police Commemoration Day on Sunday, in memory of police personnel who laid their lives while on duty.The deceased, head constable K Kodandaramaiah, was riding pillion with constable Nagabhushan when a speeding Tata Sumo hit the motorcycle No 135 from behind on Hosa Road, off Hosur Road, around 3.30am.Kodandaramaiah died on the way to Sparsh Hospital while Nagabhushan is undergoing treatment for serious injuries.Both the constables work with Parappana Agrahara police station. They had just swiped their electronic-beat equipment on Hosa Road and were going for other e-beats , when the accident occurred. Police announced an exgratia to the family of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897105", "title": "Air India announces winter timings for flights", "text": "KANPUR: The Air India administration has announced change in the timings of the arrival and departure of flights at Chakeri airport. The change will come into effect from October 29.Public relations officer Air India Prashant Shukla informed TOI that October 29 onwards, Delhi-Kanpur-Kolkata flight (9605) which operates on Monday and Friday will take off from Delhi at 9.55 am and arrive at Chakeri airport at 10.55 am. It will depart for Kolkata from Chakeri at 11.25 am and reach there at 12.55 pm.On its return journey from Kolkata flight number 9606 will depart at 1.30 pm and touch Chakeri airport at 3 pm. From Chakeri it will again fly at 3.30 pm and land at the domestic airport in Delhi at 4.30 pm.Importantly, on Wednesdays, the same filght will be between Delhi and Kanpur only. Flight no. 9605 will depart from Delhi at 9.55 am and reach Chakeri in one hour. At 11.25 it will fly from Chakeri airport and reach Delhi at 12.25 pm. On its return journey it will be AI 9606.The Air India official further informed that the flight schedule on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday will remain different. Flight number AI 9811 will depart from Delhi at 12 noon and land at Chakeri airport at 1.25 pm. After a brief halt of 15 minutes, at 1.40 pm, the same flight will take off for Allahabad and land there at 2.20 pm. From Allahabad the flight will depart for Kanpur Chakeri airport at 2.40 pm and reach here at 3.20 pm. On its onward journey from Kanpur to Delhi, the flight will bear number AI 9812. At 3.40 pm, the flight will leave Chakeri airport for Delhi and reach there at 5 pm.Talking to TOI, Shukla informed that the flights are running packed due to the ongoing festive season. He said there was not enough availability of seats on the Air India flights coming to Kanpur and flying out of here for other destinations till October 26.About the reason for the change in the timings of the flight arriving and departing from Chakeri airport, the Air India PRO said it was due to the approaching winter season.Air India official further informed that the flight schedule on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday will remain different.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897895", "title": "Women Congress to hold Mahila Shakti Sammelan", "text": "BHOPAL: In a move to bring together Congress factions, state Congress women wing has decided to hold a convention Swayamsiddha Mahila Shakti Sammelan in the city on October 28.\"These days, women are capable of doing anything. We have seen a woman President and even our party is successfully being led and run by Sonia Gandhi ,\" state Congress women wing chief Archana Jaiswal told reporters.Her statement came in response to a volley of questions whether the situation has come to such a pass that women have now picked up the cudgels to unite the state Congress - a year ahead of assembly polls.Jaiswal said that Union ministers Kamal Nath, Krishna Teerath and Sriprakash Jaiswal, senior Congress leader and MP Mohsina Kidwai, Congress general secretary in charge of Madhya Pradesh B K Hariprasad, former chief minister and AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh and former Union minister Suresh Pachouri among others were coming to take part in the convention.Union minister of state for commerce and industries Jyotiraditya Scindia would not be available for the convention as he would be abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "16895567", "title": "Nawada school principal lodges FIR against two persons", "text": "NAWADA: An FIR has been lodged by Modern English School principal with Nawada police station against the father and minor brother of a Class IX minor girl student, who was a victim of rape attempt allegedly by the school director, Anuj Singh. The father-son duo has been charged with being part of the mob which had resorted to violence and arson in Nawada on October 18.The girl's father, Umesh Singh, a marginal farmer from Dumrama village under Pakribarma police station, told mediapersons that the director's shocking conduct with his daughter and the threat issued by the director's brother to the girl to keep her mouth shut has tarnished the image of the school so much that parents of other girls are in a state of panic and have demanded the transfer certificate of their daughters from the school.He added he would again approach the DGP at whose intervention the reluctant Nawada police lodged an FIR as well as get his daughter's statement recorded under Section 164 of CrPC before a Nawada judicial magistrate. He added that the DGP had directed the IG (weaker section) Arvind Pandey, to monitor the case. Umesh Singh said he had lost faith in the Nawada police as, he had sought refuge in the PS apprehending attack on him by the director's goons but was denied permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16897395", "title": "Accused in P Dayananda Pai murder bid held", "text": "MADIKERI: Bangalore police have arrested the prime accused in the attempt to kill educationist and real estate entrepreneur P Dayananda Pai in Bangalore on October 16.A Bangalore police team arrived in Madikeri on Friday and arrested the main accused, Vignesh.A resident of K Nidugane village, near Madikeri, Vignesh has links with Hebbat Manja, the alleged mastermind of the attack, police said. Manja is believed to be hiding in Thailand. The accused has been taken to Bangalore for questioning.On October 16, four men on two bikes had pulled alongside Pai's Bentley when he was at a traffic circle near Ramakrishna Ashram. The pillion riders opened fire on either side of the car, but the bullets couldn't pierce through the glass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16898380", "title": "For this Singh, Khan is king", "text": "He's the turbaned one in Tehreek-e-Insaaf rallies. Meet Suran Singh \u2014 doctor, TV anchor and a leading member of Imran Khan's partySuran Singh stood out with his red turban and pathani suit amid a sea of marchers accompanying cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan to Pakistan's tribal areas to protest American drone attacks earlier this month. The leading Sikh member of Imran's Tehreeke-Insaaf party was not just accompanying the march defying Taliban threats as a disciplined party member, but also for promoting inter-faith harmony. His participation was his way of conveying to the area's residents that the country's minorities are with them in their sufferings.Singh's efforts have become even more important since many Pakistani Hindus have sought citizenship in India in recent times alleging persecution. But he insists that the alleged harassment is limited to a few pockets in Sindh and is a fallout of general deterioration of law and order in the country. The 47-year-old doctor from Pir Baba in Buner district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa claims that only Imran is capable of getting his country out of this mess due to his \"integrity and incorruptibility.'' He calls the former cricketing star, widely believed to be a strong contender for the country's top post, as \"a saviour of Pakistan's minorities.''Singh's faith in his leader and commitment to his cause convinced him to undertake the arduous journey this month even as many tried to dissuade him and other non-Muslims participants from going to the tribal region described in the western media as the \"world's most dangerous place'' and the al Qaida's sanctuary. Singh says that the risk, though, was worth it when he heard slogans like \"Sikh zindabad'' on the way. \"It was an emotional moment for me.'' Many instantly recognised him as the anchor of Zahum Pakistani Yam (We are Pakistanis too), a popular show on local Khyber TV in Pashtu for the country's minorities . \"The programme highlights the problems of Sikhs and Hindus. We share our problems and are each other's voice,'' he says.The programme that opens with symbols of Hinduism, Sikhism and Christianity along with the Pakistani flag has featured events like the reopening of Gorakhnath temple in Peshawar last year after 60 years and the celebration of Raksha bandhan at the Nankana Sahib gurdwara.\"I recently did a programme at Jacobabad, from where some Hindus recently migrated to India and Mardan. A church was burnt here during protests against an American anti-Islam film. Citizens from across the country later campaigned and collected money from across the country to repair the church.''Singh had made an impassionate speech earlier at Imran's anti-drone dharna in Peshawar last year in a rare political campaign in a city that had been ravaged by frequent terrorist attacks and where politicians rarely step out of their fortified houses.The march to Waziristan was even riskier. \"We were forced to return, but our party achieved its objective of raising awareness about the devastating side of the drone attacks. Even American surveys have revealed that most people killed in these attacks are innocent people.''Singh came to prominence in 2009 after he successfully organised a camp for internally displaced Hindus and Sikhs due to Pakistan army's anti-Taliban in operation in his native Swat Valley at the historic Panja Sahib gurdwara. Over 3,500 displaced people have since returned home after the Taliban were flushed out of the area. \"I was the in-charge of the camp for 700 Hindu and Sikh families from the Malakand division. We tried our best to look after the refugees and I got a gold medal from my community for my role in successfully bringing them back home,'' says Singh, who is also a Pakistan Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee member.The recent renaming of a famous Lahore square after Bhagat Singh has encouraged the country's Sikh minority that now hopes to have Nankana Sahib, the Mecca of their faith, declared as a holy city. The gesture would go a long way in generating a feeling of equal citizenship among the community and a perfect reward for the blood, sweat and tears of men like Suran Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897328", "title": "Private schools ready to take RTE lessons", "text": "LUDHIANA: Most private unaided schools are willing to provide 25% reservation to students from economically weaker sections in accordance with Right to Education Act, but the government needs to be \"considerate\" to the problems being faced by these schools.These views were expressed by the representatives of recently formed Association of Private Unaided Schools of Punjab, in its first meeting held at Greenland Public School on Saturday. The association has been formed to resolve the issues being faced by private schools in Punjab. \"We have no problem in implementing RTE, but we expect some consideration on part of the government,\" said Rajesh Rudra, the association president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16896556", "title": "Durga Puja gets off with special prayers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Commencing with the aavahan (welcome) of Goddess Durga on Saturday night followed by the Goddess being symbolically dressed, preparations of Durga Puja are in full swing across the Tricity.Sunday is all set to be an eventful \"Saptami\" with puja starting off in morning at several venues. This will be followed by Chandi path at Kalibari temple, Chandigarh, and cultural programmes in the evening.\"The Goddess is invited and the aavahan is done. It is believed that the Goddess has actually arrived,\" said Pradeep Das, a devotee. The preparation of the idol of Goddess Durga, done in the area behind the kalibari temple, is another unique part of the festivity.\"The idol shows goddesses' 10 hands and shastras, all embellished and decorated. Made of mud, the idol is artistically designed with the help of thermocol,\" said Shantanu Mitra, cultural secretary, Kalibari. He added that a small girl arrived as Ma Durga during the Saturday's celebrations. The festivity will also include a series of creative competitions lined up for children to harness their creativity.\"Kids will be taught to draw instead of just making them compete with each other,\" said P Das, general secretary, ICON, Sector 20, Panchkula. Nek Chand inaugurated the cultural event at Panchkula on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897109", "title": "It's time for Sehwag and Gambhir to perform, says Kapil", "text": "The Indian Test team has been hurt by the misfiring opening duo of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir , arguably, the country's greatest ever opening combo.Sample this: Gambhir's last Test hundred came in January 2010 while Virender Sehwag is yet reach the three figure mark since demolishing New Zealand in November 2010. The concern is beginning to get bigger. For former captain Kapil Dev , it's high time that the duo performs.\"It's definitely worrying with two batsmen of that calibre not delivering for such a long period. They have made huge reputations and they have to go out there and defend it or else it will become a worry for the team,\" Kapil said on Friday.Former India spinner Maninder Singh asked, \"Hasn't Sehwag given enough hints over the last year that he wants to bat in the middle-order? The team management needs to talk to him and know why he is saying this. Keeping in mind the tour to South Africa next December, it will be worthwhile to have him down the order and have someone like Ajinkya Rahane opening the innings in India. Sehwag's reflexes have clearly slowed down and we can't expect him to deliver in South Africa.\" Maninder added that Gambhir has put pressure on himself by making tall claims.\"Gambhir has put too much pressure on himself. He has passed comments during the off-season that he was ready for Test captaincy. And that adds to the pressure. He must go back to the people who have groomed him in the past and sort out the problems.\"Gambhir has, in the recent past, often got out playing his favourite dab shot towards the third man. His IPL team, Kolkata Knight Riders' assistant coach Vijay Dahiya, though, maintained that Gambhir was a master of that stroke.\"Gautam has scored a lot of runs with that shot and he is really good at it. Now that he has started to lose his wicket playing that stroke, it has glared up. His problem is more psychological. He played well in the IPL when he had an uncluttered mind,\" Dahiya has said before leaving for the Champions League T20 .With the middle-order wearing an inexperienced look, the presence of both Gambhir and Sehwag in the line-up is crucial.Former India opener Chetan Chauhan agrees. \"You can't expose an inexperienced batting line-up at one go. It's unfortunate that both have been out of form together but they are class players,\" Chauhan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16895866", "title": "When expensive favours from friends go too far", "text": "It is not illegal to have friends. It is not illegal to help a friend either. Indian culture encourages that. Help can be transactional, where both sides simultaneously do things for each other. It can also be one-sided, with only one party doing the other a favour. That isn't illegal and is common amongst friends.Why then has the country come up in arms against Robert Vadra? Why does it give people a sick-in-the-gut feeling when hearing about his 600-fold increase in wealth in the last couple of years? Why are so many people angry over him buying luxury apartments, hotel stakes and land, offered as sweet deals from a friend called DLF?The India Against Corruption (IAC) has done a gutsy and commendable job in bringing these findings to the forefront. Vadra's shady dealings were common gossip in banking circles for years. The media knew it well too. However, it is the IAC that crystallized the outrage, presented some documents and made it a topic of household discussion.IAC's next move, however, demanding an independent investigation into Vadra, is probably going to disappoint them. Firstly, a fair and independent investigation is nearly impossible in India against the Gandhi family, especially when they are in power. Second, and more important, is even if a fair investigation is conducted, there may not be much illegality in what Vadra did (ignoring the charges of fraudulent financial statement, as alleged in some news reports). After all, Vadra made a friend in DLF, and DLF helped Vadra out. That's all the paper trail may reveal, despite exhaustive investigations. In fact, when powerful people help each other, they are smart enough to keep the paper trail sacrosanct. Expensive lawyers and CAs work hard to ensure the deals have a semblance of legality, whatever the intent.Proving quid-pro-quo is going to be even more difficult. A company like DLF has a vast presence. It needs the government to cooperate with it in hundreds of places. DLF does not need to do a quid pro quo or transactional help. It would rather do favors and make friends in the government. Favours, as the eponymous character in the novel The Godfather would say, that could be utilized at a later date in the form of return favours.In fact, proximity and access to the family are of huge value. If DLF seniors are seen hanging out with the Gandhis, would not the Congress CM in Haryana view DLF's requests, well, a little differently? Neither DLF, nor the family, nor the Haryana government may ever sit down and spell out how each will help the other. They don't need to, for they are friends. There's nothing illegal about it, right?In fact, this lack of, or hard to prove illegality is the cornerstone of the defence put forward by the Congress' army of spokespersons and eager-beaver sycophants. 'It's a private matter' or 'prove give and take' are often the arguments given. It is hard to fault them completely, for the legal bases are probably well covered, or at least very difficult to prove otherwise.And yet, what happened is ethically wrong. Politicians work for the benefit of common people, not for their friends, business partners and relatives. At least that is the assumption people had about the Gandhi family. People also assumed that they believed in simplicity and were above personal greed, but that doesn't seem to be the case. After all, what use is wearing simple cotton sarees and kurtas, implying simplicity, when your family members are accumulating hundreds of crores by exploiting political power?There will be a huge price the Gandhis and Congress will pay for this. Ethics may not matter in courts, but do matter in the hearts of people. A family that betrays trust will pay the price in the next election. It may even lose that trust forever.However, the Gandhis are by no means alone in this. Nor is this just a Congress issue. A large number of politicians have lost track of the idea that every profession in this world has ethics - it may not be illegal to break them but still is definitely wrong. A doctor must treat his patient as soon as possible, it is assumed, under ethical medical practice. But if he delays treatment, it would be hard to prove it illegal. A teacher must try to teach her students well, though if she doesn't, it won't be illegal. Society needs ethics as much as laws to function well.A politician should think a hundred times before forging friendships with people with whom there might be a future conflict of interest, and a million times before they accept any substantial favors. Favours usually oblige one to return them, and if that means hurting the interests of people that put you in that position, the effects can be devastating. Vadra's foolish greed and love for DLF, and the other family members' tacit approval, will cost the Gandhis. The cost will be in terms of reputation and esteem. Wise people know these are priceless and far more valuable than anything quoted in rupees per square feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16897230", "title": "56,577 get degrees at Madurai Kamaraj University convocation", "text": "MADURAI: As many as 56,577 candidates received their degrees in person and in absentia during the 46th convocation of Madurai Kamaraj University here on Saturday. Among them, 138 PhD scholars and 72 prize winners in their respective streams received their degrees from Governor Chancellor K Rosaiah during the convocation ceremony held in the university premises.Addressing the event, state higher education minister and pro-chancellor of the university, P Palaniappan, said the state government was taking several measures to increase the Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) in the state. Against the national ratio of 11 percent, Tamil Nadu had 18 percent of students enrolling for higher studies. The state government was implementing various schemes to increase the GER to 23 on a par with the international ratio, the minister said.For this purpose, the state government has started 22 arts &amp; science colleges, three engineering colleges, 10 polytechnic colleges and has increased the number of subjects from 62 to 400 in higher education. Further, the state has created 252 teaching positions and plans to fill 1,062 vacancies in higher educational institutions.\"The state has set aside Rs 100 crore for infrastructure development of aided and government colleges. Ten universities in the state have been sanctioned Rs 16.50 crore, equipping them with facilities such as a curriculum development cell, smart classrooms, foreign languages laboratory, centre for entrepreneurship development and guest faculty from foreign countries. Each university has been given Rs 1.50 crore to establish these facilities,\" Palaniappan said.Mylswamy Annadurai, programme director of Chandrayaan 2, during his address, stressed the importance of teamwork in all professions. \"Working as a team is required in any profession and in family and society. Hence, creating an atmosphere of team spirit is most important. Sacrificing for each other as a team and leading from the front is the important characteristic for success,\" he told the degree holders. He also expressed his concerns over the quality of education as the capabilities of graduates were being questioned by surveys. \"However, we should take it as a warning sign and work on knowledge updating in relevant fields even after institutional studies,\" he said.Kalyani Mathivanan, vice-chancellor of the university, read out the annual report wherein she said the 2012 semester results were published in a record time of 30 days. In the same way, 605 answer scripts of 469 students under the supplementary examination were evaluated and results published in five days' time, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900574", "title": "\u2018I\u2019 across the globe", "text": "Director Shankar seems to be globetrotting once again. Last time when he had canned Poovukkul Olindhirukkum in the Prashanth-Aishwarya Rai starrer Jeans, he turned many heads.Now, the ace director is busy shooting for his next, 'I', with Vikram and Amy Jackson in the lead. The buzz is that the director will be shooting across eight cities, including India, China, US, UK and Australia. It looks like here is another Agent Vinod in the making.AR Rahman is scoring the music for the film and Vikram's role is said to be a surprise package to the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16897567", "title": "UK university plans tie-up with desi institutions", "text": "MANGALORE: Every year, a large number of students make a beeline for Sheffield Hallam University (SHU) of United Kingdom. Now, the university is planning for tie-up with Indian educational institutions which are offering courses related to health science.SHU faculty of health and wellbeing and business development manager Mark Tock told STOI that SHU is planning to sign MoUs with institutions in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Mangalore to conduct student and faculty exchange programmes and joint research works. Every year, on an average 400 students join SHU for engineering and health sciences courses.Mark was in the city to conduct counselling for SHU's health science courses' aspirants. After the tie-up with four institutions, Indian students will visit SHU for six to three months as part of the students exchange programme, says Mark. \"This will give exposure to Indian students about technology and academic things, which are not covered in academics in India,\" he added. In Asia, SHU is mainly focusing on India for academia tie-up. Indian students are talented and have a great potential to excel well in academics. Apart from faculties attached to health sciences of SHU, engineering faculties have been visiting India to explore the collaboration opportunities with technical institutions here, says Mark.\"Presently, we have tie-up with Gautama Buddha University at Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh. Engineering students of this college pursue one semester in SHU as part of the student exchange programme,\" he said.Not disclosing names of universities with which the SHU is planning collaboration, Mark said: \"We are not here just to sign MoUs. We believe in strong long-term relationships with Indian universities which will be fruitful for both universities. The tie-ups are yet to be finalized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896681", "title": "Draft bylaws for Agrasen ki Baoli ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heritage bylaws for Agrasen ki Baoli on Hailey Road are likely to be submitted to the National Monuments Authority (NMA) by next week. With this, bylaws for five ASI-protected monuments in the city will be in line for final notification.Sources said Intach, which has so far prepared model bylaws for 13 monuments across India, has been asked to prepare bylaws for all 174 ASI monuments in Delhi. \"The Act mentions bringing in agencies like Intach for the task. No other heritage body has shown interest in preparing bylaws so the task has been handed to Intach, which has already submitted a proposal for the same,\" said B R Mani, additional director general, ASI.Bylaws for Sher Shah Gate and Khairul Manzil have already been submitted to NMA via ASI while those for Begumpuri Masjid and Bijai Mandal are still being studied. \"Bylaws for Begumpuri Masjid and Bijai Mandal have been framed as model bylaws for monuments in similar settings. Once these are notified, they can be used as a template,\" said an official.The KG Marg parking located 216m from Agrasen Ki Baoli has been awaiting a no-objection certificate (NOC) from NMA for more than two years. But NMA has asked for a heritage impact assessment. Officials say the bylaws would incorporate findings by environment experts. The site at K G Marg is one of the three areas identified for multilevel parking projects under the master plan, which came into effect in February 2007 in NDMC areas. With the parking project yet to take off, office-goers in the area face a lot of problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896918", "title": "MDFA league: Pravin Nair stars in 2-1 win", "text": "MUMBAI: DK Pharma SC snatched a thrilling 2-1 victory against Mumbai United in an evenly contested first division match of the Mumbai District Football Association, played at the St Xavier's Ground Parel, on Saturday.Pravin Nair scored one goal in each half to guide his team to victory. Navin Dung pulled one back for the losers.Results Div-III: FC Mumbaikar 1 ( Prashant Karhadkar) Konkan Youth Council 0; Hegdewar Boys 1 ( Cyril Bilgaonkar) United Brothers 1 ( Elbert Martis).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896777", "title": "Metro MD Mangu Singh checks work at Ring Road", "text": "NEW DELHI: The managing director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), Mangu Singh, inspected the 22km stretch between Mukundpur and Moti Bagh on the 56km Mukundpur-Shiv Vihar line on Saturday. The line, which is under construction, will pass through some of the most traffic-intensive and congested areas on Ring Road.Singh, who was accompanied by Delhi Metro's director (works), Jitender Tyagi, was especially concerned about the traffic diversions that would be implemented for the corridor. According to sources, he has asked the chief project managers of DMRC to ensure that co-ordination is maintained between the stretches so that traffic is not hampered. Singh's concern comes in the backdrop of substantial traffic restructuring that Delhi Metro will have to implement for this line, which runs parallel to the Ring Road.\"Since this corridor is passing through Inner Ring Road, where there is always huge traffic, the MD has instructed that special safety measures be adopted so that the public is not inconvenienced and the high-speed traffic on this corridor is properly cautioned and handled,\" said an official who was part of the inspection. The instructions issued included strict barricading at the construction sites for proper flow of traffic.A DMRC spokesperson said, \"DMRC has ensured that the Dhaula Kuan-Delhi Cantonment main road will continue to serve as a four lane carriageway and that there is no hindrance to public as regards the width of the road. Existing width of the road will be maintained by Delhi Metro throughout this stretch.\"Further along the line, Singh also inspected the 220 KV power overhead line, the only source of feeding to the Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) grid sub-station at Punjabi Bagh, which Delhi Metro says is one of the challenging tasks on this line. \"DMRC is interacting with BBMB for raising the height of the power line so that Metro construction is not hampered,\" added the official. Singh, who started from Mukundpur Depot, also visited Azadpur, Zakhira casting-yard, Naraina and continued his detailed inspection till Dhaula Kuan and Moti Bagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896192", "title": "Azad Maidan violence: Police identify four molesters", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine women constables, who were molested in the August 11 Azad Maidan violence, on Saturday identified four of the accused in an identification parade (IP).The IP was held inside Taloja jail in Thane. Sources said the IP parade was held in the presence of a district magistrate and tehsildar. The police said the second round of the IP will be held next week. \"There are 15 victims and nine of them identified the culprits and a few more are likely to be identified in the coming week,'' said an officer.Sources said it was a difficult job for the police to convince the traumatized victims to come forward, register complaints and identify the accused. Senior police officials had assigned senior police inspector Shalini Sharma to counsel and accompany the victims during the identification parade.The Mumbai crime branch on Wednesday arrested Mohsin Aslam Kashmiri, a little known Bollywood artiste for allegedly damaging a private vehicle. Seven accused have moved the sessions court seeking bail claiming they are innocent.On August 11, two persons died and 63 people were injured in the violence that rocked south Mumbai.On Saturday, the Mumbai crime branch arrested one Salim Lightwala (30) from Behrampada, Bandra (E), for his alleged involvement in the Azad Maidan violence. With this, the number of arrests in the case has touched 62. Five persons have been found innocent and discharged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897957", "title": "Admn, Bhopal Municipal Corporation awaiting for HC orders on Arif Nagar", "text": "BHOPAL: District administration and Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) are waiting for the Madhya Pradesh Waqf Board to take action against encroachers in Arif Nagar as directed by the Madhya Pradesh high court. The high court had on Friday directed the board to remove encroachments from Arif Nagar, a colony developed on 40 acres of prime land allegedly belonging to the board.Both the district administration and the BMC are playing safe considering the sensitivity of the issue. Any decision to remove encroachments from the said area would unsettle thousands of people.Talking to TOI, collector Nikunj Shrivastava said, \"I have not received the orders yet. Unless I go through the orders of the high court, I cannot comment on the issue.\"BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava too said, \"Unless we get anything in writing from the high court, district administration or the Waqf board, we will not intervene in this case. This is a sensitive issue and will affect thousands of residents.\"Arif Nagar is spread on a land in about 40 acres. The total population residing in Arif Nagar is approximately 40,000. This is a colony accommodating more than 20,000 households out of which nearly 5000 fall under the encroached area of wakf board land, officials of the district administration said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900927", "title": "\u201cThe earliest memories of my home are of Durga Puja\u201d", "text": "Model, photographer, director and philanthropist Indrani Pal-Chaudhuri tells Nona Walia about her journey from Ranaghat to Hollywood glamour.Model-turned-photographer Indrani Pal-Chaudhuri has shot award-winning covers for Beyonce Knowles' solo debut Dangerously in Love, Mariah Carey's Emancipation of Mimi and David Bowie's Heathen, among others. In 2011, she directed a film, The Legend of Lady White Snake: A Tribute to the Spirit of Alexander McQueen , starring fashion icon Daphne Guinness. In the news a couple of years ago for a rumoured romantic relationship with Hollywood bad girl Lindsay Lohan , the half-Bengali, half-British glamourista turned her 300-room Ranaghat ( West Bengal ) palace, built by her ancestor Krishna Panti, into a school called Shakti Empowerment Education. The Princeton graduate tells us about her glamorous journey. Excerpts...You became a successful model at 14 and then started experimenting with photography. Tell us about your journey.At 14, I hoped to learn photography through modelling. I was fortunate that my parents supported my ambitions. I travelled the world, working with top photographers and directors, learnt techniques from them, and understood their individual creative processes. I practised my own photography, but was too shy to show my work until I met classical harpist Markus Klinko, with whom I formed a creative partnership, which has lasted 19 years. Now, I direct films and commercials. We've photographed most of the popular culture icons, which is now being collected in our book, Icons.You walked into the heady world of glamour at a young age. How did it affect you?I was overwhelmed by the superficiality of the profession and the hedonism that comes with it. Creating my school in India kept me grounded and focussed. I had to succeed to support children who needed help in India. I found balance through meditation, studying with teachers around the world, especially at the Ramakrishna Vedanta Centres, and I received my mantra from Swami Bhuteshananda, the president of Belur Math.Not everyone with a 300-room palace can turn it into a school. What was the inspiration?India was paradise for me while I was growing up. I used to live with my extended family in our ancestral home in Ranaghat, with childhood friends from all levels of society. I was inspired by family's volunteer work for numerous charities, like teaching English at the Ramakrishna Mission and throwing fund-raising galas for Mother Teresa , at whose feet I sat at Sunday school. But when I returned to India at the age of 18, I was shocked to see many refugees had infiltrated my home. I travelled across the country for six months on a photography pilgrimage, and realised that the need of the poor was so great. I devoted all my modelling earnings to uplift the poor, focussing on the needs of women. I founded Shakti Empowerment Education with my father Ajay Pal-Chaudhuri, who left his comfortable retirement in Canada to live without electricity and running water, to prioritise the needs of our students.What are your earliest memories of being in that house?My earliest memories at home are of Durga Puja... as a baby, reaching up to touch the life-size statue of the goddess or 'maa', as that's what everyone called her.What's your creative style in photography?My style is hyper real \u2014 fusing fantasy with realism. And while I'm directing, my style is intense character development, experimental narrative structure and visual excess.You were romantically linked with Lindsay Lohan...Such rumours abound when you become famous. There's no way you can prevent them. So you have to laugh and save your anger for the real injustices in the world.Do you personally go to India and spend time at the school?I plan at least one visit per year to my school. My dream is to expand its size and scope... increase its computer and practical training departments, and eventually create a women's college.Your first magazine cover was given by fashion icon Isabella Blow, where you shot David Bowie and Iman. How did you feel?It was for the London Sunday Times. Shortly thereafter, David Bowie and Iman commissioned our first book covers for Iman's retrospective of her impressive career. And we shot Bowie's album cover, Heathen. It was a fascinating experience.Tell us about your recent works...My directorial debut film, The Legend of Lady White Snake..., won Best Film, Best Director, Best Special Effects, Best Fashion and the Red Epic Camera Award at the La Jolla Fashion Film Festival at the Museum of Contemporary Art, San Diego , in August 2012. The nine-minute film is a post-modern fable, inspired by China's ancient romance/horror stories and a poem by author, poet, graphic novelist, director Neil Gaiman , starring the Oscar-nominated actress Daphne Guinness as a snake demoness who transforms herself into a maiden to experience love.Who are the women celebrities you've enjoyed working with?Jennifer Lopez , Lady Gaga, Katie Holmes , Iman, and Alecia Keyes.Who are your personal icons in the world of style and fashion?David Bowie, Rachel, the character from the film Blade Runner, and the comic book character Elektra Natchios.Do you cook fish curry when you crave for Bengali food?I crave my father's Indian dishes, but unfortunately, I'm a terrible cook!What made you write a book?Icons is a collection of the most celebrated images of pop-culture legends, accompanied by the inspiration or story behind each shot. It's a guide to learn the secrets of the stars and how they can be iconic. For example, Beyonce's Dangerously In Love album cover has her in a diamond vest, which launched her solo career and remains one of the most popular images of her till date. Another is an image of Lady Gaga in a couture gown created from stuffed toys by designer GK Reid, which we shot in a Masonic temple.nona.walia@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897821", "title": "NGO cites govt data to oppose setting up of National Investment Board", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) came out against the proposed National Investment Board (NIB), warning that green clearances were already too easy to get and seldom followed up with monitoring. The Delhi-based NGO presented government data showing environmental clearances for 2,17,794 mw of thermal power had been given during the 11th five year Plan as compared to only 53,000 mw that actually got commissioned during the period.Stating that the NIB would destroy the existing environmental regulatory regime, which instead needed more reforms, CSE noted that project rejection rates for forest clearances were a mere 6% and that of environment clearance an almost negligible 0.1%.Over the same 11th Plan, Chandra Bhushan, deputy director general of CSE, said, \"In total 276 thermal power plants of 2.2 lakh megawatt (MW) capacity, 203 steel plants of 132 million tonnes per annum capacity and 112 cement plants with capacity to produce an additional 202 million tonnes cement every year, have been accorded environment clearance in the 11th five year Plan.\"Saying that the government should instead dwell on the reasons behind delay in commissioning of cleared projects, Sunita Narain, director general of the NGO, asked, \"The data shows that the Ministry of environment and forests has not been an impediment to infrastructure development. Instead, it has granted massive numbers of clearances. Why, therefore, do we need the NIB?\"Asking for reforms in the clearance processes, CSE demanded that a single-window system be evolved which would ensure each project could be tagged and tracked for all the all green clearances and monitored. The green think tank asked for giving powers and capacity to monitor to the state pollution control boards while doing away with their authority to give clearances under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act was enacted in 1981.The data released by CSE showed that 8,734 projects had been granted forest clearance and 1.98 lakh hectares of forest land diverted for development in the 11th Plan. The pace of forest land diversion had doubled during period. These clearances included 119 coal mining projects accorded forest clearance, diverting 31,500 hectares of forest land \u2014the highest number cleared in any five year Plan since 1981.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897031", "title": "Emergence of promising players suggests good times are ahead for Indian cricket", "text": "Quite a few slots are up for grabs in the Indian team. Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman have already left the arena and it may not take Sachin Tendulkar too long to take the final call.The two openers, Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag , are living on borrowed time while pace spearhead Zaheer Khan is clearly in the twilight of his career.In such a scenario, the 2012-13 domestic season assumes greater significance - more so because the Indian U-19 team has won the World Cup.While the men who matter will keep a close eye on the Ajinkya Rahanes and Shikhar Dhawans, the spotlight will also be on the likes of Unmukt Chand and Baba Aparajith, the U-19 World Cup stars.And with the BCCI promising to produce better cricket wickets this time around, this domestic season has the potential to become quite significant.\"I would be keen to see the nature of the tracks that will be on offer. I don't believe in going gaga over tons of runs scored on featherbeds. Those guys who score runs on difficult tracks should be followed keenly,\" former chairman of selectors Dilip Vengsarkar said.One player who has already shown the potential to score runs on challenging tracks, outside India, is Unmukt.Even though he didn't get a chance to play the Duleep Trophy matches due to his commitments with Delhi Daredevils , his true test will start when he takes the field for Delhi against UP in the Ranji Trophy starting November 2.\"He has played some First Class cricket, so he isn't exactly a spring-chicken... I would like to see how he shapes up this year,\" former India opener Aakash Chopra , who will be turning out for Himachal Pradesh this season, said.\"I would also like to see the development of Aparajith, who seems to have a cool head and showed great maturity in the U-19 World Cup,\" Chopra added.The forthcoming season is going to be very important for Tamil Nadu opener M Vijay too. He returned to form with a double hundred in the Irani Trophy.\"Vijay has played quite a lot and knows what it takes to score runs at the top. Rahane, on the other hand, was there with the Indian team during the Australia series as the third opener. Both the guys, along with Abhinav Mukund , will be keenly watched,\" Chopra added.The experts are worried, though, about India's bowling attack, which isn't looking potent at the moment. \"If you have to win matches in the longer version, you need wicket-taking pace bowlers. If you take Zaheer out, I don't see too many around at the moment,\" Vengsarkar said.While Ishant hasn't played international cricket for a while, Umesh Yadav is still a little erratic. The bright spot, though, is Ashok Dinda , who bowled brilliantly against South Zone in the Duleep Trophy semifinals, taking 7/26 in the second innings.Chopra is keen to see how Varun Aaron , Parvinder Awana and U-19 paceman Sandeep Sharma perform. Among spinners, Harbhajan may have to prove it in the domestic circuit.Mumbai's left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh , too, will be keenly watched while there may well be some raw talent that may spring up from nowhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16896199", "title": "Mutt chief to wait &amp; watch before choosing successor", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Adheenam might have a long wait for a successor to Arunagirinatha Desikar, the present head and 292nd pontiff, following Nithyananda's unceremonious exit. Though Desikar is yet to spell out his next move, Mutt sources said he has decided to wait and watch the outcome of the court case before beginning the search for his successor. \"He is more worried about the court case. This is not the right time to talk about a successor,\" said a senior disciple of Desikar.But anger amongst Hindu organisations and devotees of the Adheenam for anointing Nithyananda as the 293rd pontiff despite their objections appeared to linger. They have urged that the next successor to Adheenam should not be arbitrarily chosen by Desikar and that there should be wider consultation with religious heads. \"A suitable successor should be chosen in a transparent manner. Any successor to the Adheenam should be chosen only after consultations with Dharmapuram, Thirupanandhal and Thiruvavaduthurai Adheenams,\" said Nellai Kannan, leader of the Madurai Adheenam Retrieval Committee.M Solaikannan, district secretary of Hindu Makkal Katchi, said: \"In case the government takes over the Mutt, a high level committee comprising Hindu Religious &amp; Charitable Endowments department officials and Mutt heads should pick the next pontiff,\" he said.Blaming Desikar for making a unilateral decision while choosing Nithyananda, Nellai Kannan demanded that the pontiff be arrested and an inquiry instituted. This is not the first time that the Adheenam has landed in a controversy over anointment of a successor. In 2004, Desikar anointed Swaminathan, his relative as the junior pontiff. But soon, he sent him out alleging that he was working against the Mutt. Within days, he brought 13-year-old Bharanidharan alias \"Salem kutti samiyar\" and there was talk in Mutt circles that he would be the next pontiff. But he too left the Mutt. Later, another disciple of Desikar was promoted in the Adheenam as the next pontiff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897248", "title": "Latin dances, salsa liven up Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a grand start of the two-day Punjab Latin Festival on Saturday. Couples danced to Latin numbers while residents used the opportunity to learn from international artistes. There were several workshops on various dance styles including zumba and salsa and the contemporary dance forms like jazz, bachata, tango, salsa spin, belly dancing and hip hop.Pooja Kalra of Sarabha Nagar, who had come to the festival with her husband Amit, said: \"Dancing to Latin numbers is so much fun. We learnt a few professional steps too. Not only locals, there were many people here who had come from far-off places just to be a part of the fest.\" Himani Sharma and her husband Vikas from Model Town said, \"We felt so special being part of this grand occasion. Such events provide a fine exposure for dancing enthusiasts.\"For Sukriti Kapoor and Vivek from Dugri: \"Latin dances and salsa are increasingly becoming popular among the residents. Dance shows on television have motivated people. There are people from all over the state here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore/ madikeri", "code": "16897393", "title": "Injured tiger trapped in Kodagu", "text": "MYSORE/ MADIKERI: The male tiger captured near Thithimati in Kodagu is severely injured and weak, said vets at Mysore Zoo, after it was shifted there.They began treatment on Saturday morning to try and stabilize its worsening condition. The injuries are believed to have been sustained during a territorial fight with another tiger, zoo director BP Ravi said. The tiger is believed to be 14 years old, and is said to have killed five cattlehead in the recent past. It is suspected to have killed a cow on Saturday, hours before it was captured in Anechowkur range in Nagarahole tiger reserve. The animal was under mild sedation when it reached the zoo at 5am.Preliminary medical examination also revealed that the tiger has a big wound in the middle of its face, with a worn-out upper lip. The wound is full of maggots, and the tiger is in a critical condition, he stated.The tiger, which had created fear in Thithimati town, was trapped at 11.30pm Friday night. Unoj, a teenager who stepped out of her house to answer nature's call, sighted the tiger sleeping in a bush. She tiptoed back to her house and informed the family.Later, the forest department trapped the animal and carried it away in a cage. The operation was guided by Hunsur wildlife ACF K D Belliappa, Mathigodu forest range officer Devaraju and his team. The tiger may require a minimum of two months to recover, Dr Umashankar from Hunsur said.Two months ago, a male tiger was captured at Hebballa near HD Kote and shifted to the zoo, and is now recovering. It has responded to treatment and is gaining weight. It appears that both tigers were driven out of their territories due to old age and pushed to the fringe areas to sustain themselves, Ravi said, adding the zoo has proposed a rescue and rehabilitation centre at Koorghalli to take care of rescued animals.Tiger experts are trying to locate the 14-year-old tiger's history in their database. \"We may find more details in a couple of days,\" a wildlife activist told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16901054", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation's incremental charges collection to cross Rs 50 crore this year", "text": "SURAT: Giving a fair indication of development in the new areas of the city in last few years, the collection of incremental charges (IC) in form of deposit of local civic body has crossed Rs 125 crore in last three years. During the current financial year ending on 31st March, 2013, it is more than likely that it would cross a figure of Rs 50 crore.At an average, Surat Municipal Corporation(SMC) sanctions plans of development for 300 properties. However, many of these projects are in the areas or Town planning (TP) schemes that are on different stages of clearance in state government and SMC has not laid all the basic amenities in those areas.To solve the problem of people of those areas, SMC started giving clearance to such projects after collecting IC charges from the developers.However under the law, IC charges could be collected only after the TP scheme is finalized. These charges are collected for the development of the area which has already taken place or will take place in near future. This includes the basic amenities like Road, Water, Sewerage, street light and other things.In Surat, there are 125 TP schemes but more than half are not finalized. \"We do this to give proper facilities to the people who have gone to new areas to live.\" said an official.\"More than anything else this reflects the development of the areas.\" Said Jivan Patel, Deputy Commissioner Planning, SMC. \"It is proportionate to the development of under developed or developing areas and we would like to see all round development process being completed as soon as possible.\"\"It is a deposit money that is either returned or adjusted against the basic amenities provided to the citizens of the area.\" He added. \" No body minds paying up as long as all the amenities are provided by the SMC and we always make sure to pay up .\" said Velji Sheta, President Surat Builders association (SBA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896822", "title": "Olympic expenses were minimum, says IOA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) said on Saturday that the expenses incurred by it on its contingent and officials for the London Games were under Rs 65 lakh.It was the minimum amount IOA had spent on sending contingents for Olympic Games in recent times, IOA secretariat said in a release.TOI had reported on Saturday that IOA had spent Rs 4 crore on the Games which included Rs 86.67 lakh towards entry tickets for sports ministry and Sports Authority of India officials as well as the public.Rs 61.69 lakh was spent on accommodation of IOA delegates and ministry officials and Rs 12 lakh on gift items. It also reported that IOA also spent Rs 1.28 lakh on dearness allowance for its acting president and Rs 37 lakh on the ceremonial kit.\"IOA acted as a post-office for receiving and distributing tickets for the Games. All the tickets received by it from the organisers of the Games were given to those who paid for them. Only Rs 10 lakh was spent on the accommodation of 12 delegates. For this purpose five rooms were booked,\" the release said.It added that IOA spent Rs 12 lakh on mementos, gift items, lapel pins and official booklet. The ceremonial kit for the all the players and officials, IOA paid Rs 17 lakh and remaining Rs 21 lakh is being reimbursed by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16897575", "title": "Kerala Konkani students will get scholarships today", "text": "MANGALORE: More than 150 Konkani-speaking students, who are pursuing degree and professional education in Kerala, will get a boost when Vishwa Konkani Students Scholarship Fund (VKSSF) will award scholarships worth Rs 22 lakh to them at Ernakulam on Sunday.The award ceremony has been organized by Konkani Language and Cultural Foundation, World Konkani Centre, Mangalore and VKSSF in association with Anugraha Charitable Trust Ernakulam, Kerala.Pradeep G Pai, secretary, VKSSF told STOI that the move to distribute scholarship to students at their doorsteps is in continuation of a directive given by TV Mohandas Pai, a chief patron of the fund. The Foundation in the first year at a function held in this city gave scholarship worth Rs 5.50 lakh to 19 students. In 2011, the Foundation went to Kerala and distributed scholarship worth Rs 14 lakh to around 100 degree and 22 professional course students.This year, taking benefit of the scholarship arranged through the fund are 50 degree students each of first and second year and 52 students pursuing their professional course in first, second and third year. Ramdas Kamath, president, VKSSF, will be present on the occasion. Basti Vaman Shenoy, president, World Konkani Centre, will preside over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897205", "title": "'Karva Mela' outing a hit with women", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the festive season here, members of the Gitanjali Ladies Club gathered at the club on Hambran Road, to enjoy the \"Karva Mela\" - a pre-shopping festival for Karva Chauth and Diwali, on Saturday.A one-stop place for the ladies to enjoy their weekend as they shopped, played games, danced and enjoyed snacks, the \"mela\" attracted over 500 members and their families at the club.The mela had a variety of stalls, including ones selling garments from Pakistan, jewellery, accessories and artifacts stalls. Adding to the festive celebrations the tiny tots, who came along with their mothers, presented a beautiful dance performance on the stage. Games like \"Tol Mol Ke Bol\" were organizes with attracted a huge number of participants. Prizes were also given away to the winners. Tambola being the essence of the ladies club activities was also played with great enthusiasm.President Neeru Singhla of Kitchlu Nagar, said, \"October marks the beginning of festive season so we decided to initiate the festivities with 'Karva Mela'. The event was aimed at welcoming the festive season and helping the ladies out with their shopping.\"Neelam Bhisht of Haibowal, said, \"Nearing festival we all get busy with our respective families, thus we decided to have our own little celebration before the hectic period starts. We all enjoyed the 'Karva Mela' with our friends here at the club.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "arambag", "code": "16896731", "title": "Court rejects bail plea of rape accused", "text": "ARAMBAG: The bail petition of Arijit Adhikary - who was arrested on Friday for allegedly raping a homemaker - arrested in a rape casewas rejected by the Arambag court on Saturday. He has been remanded in four days of police custody. Adhikary is the son of Arambag CPM's zonal committee secretary Ganesh Adhikary. Adhikary was arrested on Friday, after a 25-year-old homemaker lodged a complaint, accusing him of rape. According to the FIR, the victim was raped on July 28. tnnShe has alleged that Adhikary, accompanied by a friend, had visited her Circus Maidan residence on July 28 and raped her. The homemaker added that Adhikary was known to him.The court ordered four days of police custody for Adhikary. Meanwhile, cops have arrested the other accused, a friend of Adhikaryhad been arrested by the police.The victim had complained that Arijit who was known to her had gone to her home at Circus Maidan with a friend and had raped her.Sukomol Das, inspector in charge of Arambag police station, said that the victim is a painting teacher and she had known the accused for sometime since Adhikary was also associated with painting. \"Even on the day of the crime, the victim offered him tea when Adhikary visited her, little knowing his as she was clueless about her intention,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896289", "title": "Environment study jogs attention to air pollution in west Odisha districts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Environmental Engineering Research Institution (NEERI), which undertook the 'carrying capacity' survey in Odisha'a new industrial hub of Jharsuguda and Sambalpur, has given thumbs down to the quality of air in the area.The survey report submitted to the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB) was aimed at examining if further industrialization is possible in those areas. The draft report is being examined by SPCB environment scientists.\"We have received the report and are examining the recommendations of NEERI. Another round of discussion will be held at Nagpur in November as to which components of the recommendations are necessary to take a decision regarding a cap on further industrialization in those areas,\" said senior environment scientist of SPCB Dilip Kumar Behera. NEERI reports revealed that emission of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and fluoride are causing environmental hazards in the area, he said. \"NEERI study reveals particulate matter -- 10 and 2.5 -- is responsible for air pollution. Mainly thermal plants, refractories, sponge iron units and coal mines are having an adverse effect on the environment,\" said Behera. He, however, said NEERI didn't give any industry specific recommendations.The SPCB had entrusted NEERI to conduct the study in a 45 km radius area with Rengali in Sambalpur district as the epicenter. Earlier, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kharagpur, had conducted a similar survey, based on which some industries, in the first phase, were given closure notice.The basic purpose of the survey was to ascertain how much area in the districts can take the pollution load. \"It was a typical scientific study based on which newer technology can be put in place to check pollution and expansion plans of existing industries and accommodation of new industries can be decided accordingly,\" said NEERI director S R Wate.There are around 23 sponge iron units in Sambalpur-Jharsuguda region. \"After we felt that mostly sponge iron industries were responsible for dust and ash generation, we approached NEERI to conduct the study,\" said SPCB environment engineer A K Swar. Odisha is the only state which has 110 sponge iron units, which emit 45% ash, he said.He said earlier SPCB had recommended 'no standalone' sponge industry in the state. \"If one applies for only sponge iron industry, he won't be given the permit. A sponge iron industry henceforth can not be set up alone. There must be some ancillary unit attached to it,\" said Swar. He said pneumatic dust handling has been made compulsory for the industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895848", "title": "Western Railway to operate 21 holiday special trains", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway will run 21 holiday special trains from Mumbai to Delhi, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Okha and Madgaon, among other places.WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan said, \"The special trains include fully AC trains to Delhi and Jaipur, besides Rajdhani-type services to Delhi. Special AC trains will run between Ahmedabad and Madgaon, while special Garib Rath will run between Ahmedabad and Jammu Tawi.\"Five special trains will run on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor and four on the Mumbai-Delhi route. \"While seats are available on the special trains, the services also have tatkal booking facility,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896242", "title": "Grandeur with soaring budgets", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The first community Durga Puja in the city was organized at Bania Sahi in Old Town area in 1937 with a budget of just Rs 25. But over the years, Durga Puja has come of age and today the festival is bigger than it ever was.The temporary street corner shrines made up of bamboo and clothes have made way for majestic pandals in the shape of temples, mosques, palaces and archaeological splendours. While earlier organizers used to go door to door to collect donations, now corporate sponsorships have made the festival more opulent and grand.Ananta Behera (66) of Bania Sahi has been witness to this transformation. \"When I was a child there were not many puja pandals. We used to collect rice from households in our colony and people used to give 50 paisa to Re 1 as donation. We used to make idols and decorate the whole mandap ourselves. Since there were very few puja pandals at that time, people from the newly set up town used to visit our puja mandap.\" \"But the culture has undergone a sea change. It has become more of a competition and show of wealth among pandals. Now money is flowing to puja pandals from big offices and business houses. But what we miss is the involvement and enthusiasm that was there earlier,\" Behera added.Rajendra Samartha, secretary of Haat Sahi Puja Committee said that his mandap has tried to work around the change. \"Like everything modernity has also gripped puja pandals, but we have tried to keep our tradition alive. We still use all traditional bands like ghanta and nata. Live fish is also sacrificed in front of the goddess.\"The Old Station Bazar Puja Committee is also toeing the changing times. \"Ours' is one of the oldest Durga Puja pandals in the city and it's our 57th year. With each passing year, the festivities and grandeur of celebration is multiplying. We have been trying to make our pandal different from others by creating vivid replicas of different archaelogical wonders from just a photograph and introducing theme-based pandals. This year our budget is Rs 30 lakh and we have added a gold crown for the goddess,\" said Deepak Jena, secretary of commitee.This year Durga puja is being organized by as many as 110 community puja pandals, including 48 big ones. Besides, there are a number of mandaps of 'Hara Parabati'.Like puja pandals, the mode of celebrations has also undergone a change. People travel from the suburbs to the city to pick up the best fashionable clothes for their families and friends. \"We used to save throughout the year to indulge during this period. The mall culture has changed the shopping trend. Heavy discounts are offered during the festivals to attract customers and people also have huge money to splurge in festive shopping,\" said Chinmay Rath, a government servant.Even more people are trying to enjoy themselves during the puja. \"Earlier during pandal hopping we used to eat at roadside food joints but now eating out in hotels and restaurants has become a trend. Food habits have also changed. Earlier, we used to have chats and gup-chups but now children are asking for pizzas and momos,\" said Sanghamitra Nath, a septuagenarian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16897123", "title": "'Temperature will drop further next week'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city woke up to a hazy Saturday morning and cool breeze that blew all day long. There has been a mild drop in the day temperature and the weathermen have forecast a further dip in the coming days.This quick change of weather was a surprise for residents who are now all ready to welcome the cold season. Kanupriya Verma of Sector 20 said: \"There was no sun all day. The weather seemed cooler than before.\"It looks like the time has come for us to dig into our closets and unpack the woollens. \"I left home around 8am and I had to wear a jacket. Days might be cold from now on as winters draw closer,\" said Gagandeep Kaur of Sector 46. Meteorological department director Surinder Paul pointed out that western disturbances had caused the cloudy sky. \"Temperature will dip further next week and we can expect a drop of two-three degrees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895887", "title": "Palpably real Ramleela brings alive noted epic", "text": "MUMBAI: On Saturday evening, as the fifth day of Ramleela unfolded at Azad Maidan, a crow in the play pecked Sita's foot. Ram's silence extended for a few seconds, prompting the announcer to call out, \"Ram ko mic dijiye ('Please give Ram a microphone').\"Not a single spectator smirked or giggled. The charming innocence and simplicity of the Ramleela remains unmatched amid the blitzkrieg of television serials and cinema.Ramleela mandalis hailing from the northern belt enact the epic on each day of Navratra, culminating in Ravan dahan on Dassera day. Live singers recite the chaupais (quatrains) of Tulsidas and the actors take their cue for the ensuing dialogues.The ages that separate Dwapar yug from Kaliyug dissolved on Saturday as the audience joined the chorus of 'Siyavar Ramchandra ki jai!' \"We draw from Tulsi's 'Ramcharitmanas' and speak our parts in the khari boli dialect,\" said Subhash Chaturvedi, whose clan from Mathura has been leading the Ramleela at Azad Maidan for the past 35 years.In Malad, the Shree Ram Manas Manch from Moradabad has been taking the stage for the past 31 years. \"Many of the actors are bankers, MBAs and businessmen who are driven by the desire to perpetuate Indian culture. Unlike other mandalis, we have women in the troupe,\" said Devkinandan Jindal of the Shri Ramlila Prachar Samiti that hosts them.Hindi teacher GK Maurya, who visited various venues during the past week, arrived at Azad Maidan on Saturday.Maurya said, \"A group of autorickshaw drivers performs the epic in Mulund and their style is remarkably different. Most northerners who have migrated to Mumbai either stage or attend the Ramleela to revive childhood memories.\"Mandal gets dandiya go-aheadThe Bombay high court on Saturday granted permission to an organization from Mulund, Navyuvak Mitra Mandal, to play dandiya in a silence zone using a distributed sound system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897857", "title": "In a first, nation pays homage to 1962 China war martyrs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paying homage to Indian soldiers who fought against China in the disastrous 1962 war, the government on Saturday said that there would not be a repeat of the humiliation.\"I would like to assure the nation that India of today is not the India of 1962. Over the years, successive governments, learning lessons from the past, strengthened our capabilities and modernized our armed forces,\" Antony said, when asked if India was capable of standing up to a threat from China in the future.For the first time in living memory, the Indian military establishment on Saturday formally paid homage to its martyrs and others who participated in the 1962 war with a function at the Amar Jawan Jyoti, the flame of the immortal soldier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897974", "title": "FIR against crew of 'Student of the year' movie", "text": "INDORE: An FIR was registered against the crew of recently released 'Student of the Year' bollywood flick for hurting religious sentiments and making economical profits out of it on Saturday here after the district court orders. Acting on the petition filed by advocate Vikram Dube and others, justice Santosh Kumar Shukl directed the Palasia police station in-charge to register FIR against the crew members of the movie for using 'sexy' word for Radha in one of the songs and prepare a comprehensive report to present before the court by December 20. The song has used wordings 'Radha likes to move that sexy Radha body' for which action has been taken. The court has ordered to file an FIR against director Karan Johar , Shahrukh and Gauhri Khan, music director Vishal Shekhar, playback singher Shreya Ghoshal and Udit Narayan , lyricist Avnita Datt and Sony Music .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896659", "title": "Cops go through the grind on Puja days", "text": "KOLKATA: Have you ever spared a thought for those who make sure you have an absolutely trouble-free time during Durga Puja? If you wonder who the single custodian of thousands of pujas is across the city, Kolkata Police is the answer for you.The cops not only coordinate with puja organisers, they remain in touch with other utility authorities like power, fire brigade and transport to make sure everything is in place. \"There is hardly anything that we do not take care of. Be it electricity, traffic, parking, supply of potable water at pandals or road repairing and cleanliness of the surrounding,\" said a senior officer. The list is, in fact, quite exhaustive.Managing so many things for more than a week takes a toll on the force. The entire force works overtime to make the festival a grand success, year after year. For young Shankar Patra (name changed), it is nothing but obeying orders from superiors. \"Ever since I joined Kolkata Police, Puja evokes no special feelings. I miss the Puja of my village and my parents, wife and child miss me every year,\" he repents. On the other hand, Shantanu Das likes to see the sea of humanity. \"There is no match for this collective joy. Earlier I used to regret that I could not spend time with my family. But now I feel great serving so many people,\" Das said.Police chief R K Pachnanda said: \"When we chose to wear this uniform, our personal comfort, likes and dislikes matter a little. It is a 24X7 duty.\"The former police commissioner Gautam Mohan Chakraborti used to say: \"Durga puja is like our annual examination. Either you pass it with flying colours, or you fail it miserably. There is no middle path.\"Joint commissioner (headquarters) Jawed Shamim added: \"The preparation for the next Puja begins just a day after the immersion. We make a quick review of things - where we did reasonably well and where we failed. This report becomes the basis of our preparedness or standard operating procedure (SOP) for the next Durga Puja.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jajpur", "code": "16900826", "title": "Self-styled godman arrested in Odisha", "text": "JAJPUR: A self-styled godman, who allegedly promised a man riches if he could secure human blood, has been arrested in Odisha's Jajpur district.60-year-old godman Duryodhan Ojha, known as Hanuman Baba of Khosalpur village, allegedly advised Sashikant Rout of Sarangapur village to procure human blood for making a talisman if he wanted to get rich, police sources said.Rout allegedly slit the throat of a two-and-a-half-year old baby boy playing alone on the village street on October 9 and gave the blood to the Ojha, leaving the infant bleeding profusely, the sources said.The boy was admitted to the Sishu Bhawan in Cuttack Kuakhia police station inspector-in-charge Bijay Kumar Aich said.Ojha was arrested yesterday from his ashram at Khosalpur on information provided by Sashikant, who was nabbed a week ago, Aich said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16897136", "title": "'Give justice to Kukis before solving Naga problem'", "text": "IMPHAL: At a time when the decades-old Naga peace process is reportedly heading towards a conclusion, Kuki Inpi Manipur (Kim), an umbrella body of all Kuki social organizations in the state, has renewed its demand to give justice to the victims of 1990 ethnic clash in which 900 people of the tribe were killed by NSCN (IM) cadres and their collaborators.Kim lamented that the Centre has been ignoring various pleas for delivering justice to the victims of clash.President of the organization, Thangkhosei Haokip, said they have submitted several memorandums to successive Prime Ministers, including the present one, urging them to settle the issue before signing of any agreement or settlement between the Centre and the Naga outfit but to no avail.An open letter written by Kim leaders to the Union home minister on Wednesday said the centre-NSCN (IM) settlement must be acceptable to all the indigenous people living with them (outfit) on the principles of democratic norms of the day.Any agreement brought without even considering the voice of the victims under the hands of NSCN (IM) will never be accepted, and \"it will be taken a seed sown to start a civil war to annihilate innocent indigenous people of the region,\" the letter said .\"It is, therefore, prayed that the voice of loyal citizens must be heard as per the law of our great nation,\" said the letter jointly written by A Lenthang, Kumpi and Holkhomang Haokip, all Kim advisers.Meanwhile, seven opposition parties have demanded that whatever transpired during the meetings with Ibobi Singh and central leaders in New Delhi should be spelt out in an all-party meeting.The CPI, MPP, CPI (M), JD(U) Trinamool Congress , BJP and JD (S), at a meeting convened on Friday, decided to send a delegation to New Delhi and make it clear to the Centre the people's stance to safeguard Manipur's territorial integrity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896947", "title": "Mulayam convenes meet of SP leaders, functionaries", "text": "LUCKNOW: Determined to keep the party workers in good humour, Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav has convened a meeting of all the district presidents and their subordinate office-bearers along with all the MLAs and ministers to take stock of the problems of the party workers that have been taken up during the past seven months of the SP government in Uttar Pradesh.The meeting will be held on October 29 at the party headquarters and will be attended by the entire top leadership of the party, including chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .Spokesperson of the party's state unit and MLC Rajendra Chawdhary confirmed that a meeting has been convened but feigned ignorance about the agenda of the get-together. \"It is one of those meetings that the party president has been holding since SP came to power in Uttar Pradesh in March 2012,\" he said.However, party insiders say the meeting in question is likely to be a special one as the party president is expected to question the chiefs of party's district units from all over the state if they were satisfied with the performance of their local MLAs and ministers.\"Actually, there were some complaints that the local MLAs and ministers were not attending to the needs of the party workers at all despite Mulayam's directives to all ministers and senior leaders to ensure that the worker at the grassroots level does not feel neglected at all,\" said a senior leader of the party.The party president is of the view that the satisfaction level of the common party worker at the grassroots level is the actual parameter to measure the performance of the government.If the common party worker is satisfied, it means the people at the grassroots level are being attended to, said the leader. \"On the basis of nature and number of complaints that are left unattended, one can have a fair idea of whether the complaints against a particular MLA or a minister are motivated and planted by rivals within the party or genuine ones,\" he said.Mulayam has been holding regular meetings with the party workers and even directed the ministers to make themselves available at the party headquarters for at least three to five hours on a particular day every week and attend to complaints of the party workers related to their respective ministry. Most of the senior ministers including Shiv Pal Yadav (minister for PWD &Co; operatives), Ahmed Hasan (minister for health), Azam Khan (minister for urban development and minority affairs) have been meeting the party workers on regular basis ever since Mulayam had issued the directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897952", "title": "Dealing with the breast cancer in a positive way", "text": "Devieka Bhojwani , vice-president, Women's Cancer Initiative, shares her valuable insights and life's mission which started with her personal fight against breast cancer.Women's Cancer Initiative was founded in partnership with Tata Memorial Hospital in 2003, to help women in their fight against breast, cervical and ovarian cancers. As a breast cancer survivor, I understand the trauma that women with cancer and their families go through while battling this lifethreatening disease. The main goals of the initiative are financial support for curative treatment of patients afflicted with breast and cervical cancers ; supporting education and technology transfer in the form of an annual conference; funding research in women's cancers; creating support groups, organizing awareness campaigns and detection camps; and fund-raising.WCI has supported, annually , the treatment costs of 250 - 300 women from the lower socio-economic strata that come to Tata Memorial Hospital in Mumbai, from all over India. Through the year, we also conduct cancer detection and awareness camps. For many needy women, these have been the first ever check up by a doctor. This has strengthened our commitment to reach out to a larger number of women across the country. In a country with such large financial disparities , I personally feel it is my duty to help those not as lucky as myself. The Initiative also holds support group meetings for women suffering from cancer. The meetings are conducted in Hindi, Marathi and English. In this forum , patients interact with doctors, social workers and with each other, in a friendly and relaxed atmosphere , giving them the much needed psychological support, and insights needed for dealing with the trauma of this life threatening, yet curable disease.There are almost one million breast cancer survivors in India today. Recently, WCI co-organised the First Breast Cancer Survivors Conference , in Pune with another NGO, Breast Friends. This Conference, attended by over 200 survivors, provided them with practical information to help cope with the concerns that arise during and after breast cancer treatment . It also empowered them to spread the correct information among the public. Advances in medical care, are helping women, get through cancer diagnosis and treatment , successfully, however this, can cause problems, both physical and emotional, for survivors and their caregivers.In a short time-span , we have achieved encouraging results, which provide us the motivation to continue our journey ahead. Over the past few years the Women's Cancer Initiative has grown from strength to strength, with timely assistance from many volunteers, well-wishers and friends. We are ever grateful for their support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16896933", "title": "Nokkukooli-induced violence: Court minifies punishment", "text": "KOCHI: The high court has minified punishment of three years' rigorous imprisonment imposed on labour union activists by a trial court for armed attack following non-payment of 'nokkukooli', to one-month simple imprisonment.Six activists of CITU at Pilathara in Ottapalam were sentenced to three years RI by a magistrate court for attacking and causing damage to a tractor-trailer equipped with hydraulic system for unloading.A team of eight CITU workers had attacked and damaged the tractor on July 22, 1998 after the tractor owner turned down their demand for 'nokkukooli', the practice among union activists to extort money without doing any work by claiming loss of work due to use of machines or other means of labour. The owner had earlier approached the high court seeking police protection from the union activists and the court had granted his prayer.Based on the tractor owner's complaint, the union activists were booked for unlawful assembly, rioting after being armed with deadly weapons, wrongful restraint, and criminal intimidation.The judicial first class magistrate of Ottapalam found six of them guilty of rioting and unlawful assembly, and sentenced them to undergo three years' RI. Later, when the union activists appealed to a sessions court, their sentence was modified to six months of RI for each of the two charges on which they were found guilty. When an appeal filed by the union activists was being heard by Justice N K Balakrishnan, counsel for the appellants P Vijaya Bhanu pointed out that the trial court had let off two of the accused and, therefore, the prosecution's case cannot be accepted as wholly true. Subsequently, the court ordered that the first and second accused in the case shall undergo simple imprisonment for one month and pay a fine of Rs 3,000 each while others should pay a fine of Rs 3,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16897284", "title": "Two DMK leaders locked in turf battle", "text": "TRICHY: The 47-km Thanjavur-Pattukottai railway line (via Orathanadu) and the 42-km Mannargudi-Pattukottai rail project, for which a survey is being conducted, appear to have become the matter of a tussle between two DMK leaders.While T R Baalu, MP and railway standing committee chairman, is said to have been instrumental in getting the projects cleared, Union minister of state for finance S S Palanimanickam told a hurriedly held media conference on Saturday that Baalu was unnecessarily interfering in his constituency. This is the first time Palanimanickam, who represents the Thanjavur parliamentary constituency, has openly come out against Baalu for going against the party tradition of sticking to one's 'turf'.\"There are lots of problems in his Sriperumbudur constituency. Let him resolve them first before coming here,\" Palani Manickam said. He also said the Sriperumbudur MP was trying to taking credit for small projects instead of concentrating on the Ram Sethu, the pet project of party chief M Karunanidhi .Palanimanickam said he was forced to make this statement as he could no longer tolerate the 'interference.' It is widely perceived that Baalu is pitching for the Thanjavur parliament seat in the 2014 election as he has newly-developed business interests there and his son T R B Rajaa is the MLA of Mannargudi, which comes within the Thanjavur parliamentary constituency.Palanimanickam said Baalu's family-owned distillery project at Vadaseri in Thanjavur district was opposed by locals who feared it would create environmental problems. \"I do not know what goes on in his (Baalu's) mind, but if need be I will jump on to the protesters' bandwagon if he does not mend his ways,\" Manickam said. Manickam alleged that Baalu was eyeing every rail project with the single-minded aim of enriching his business interests.Palanimanickam's charges made at the sudden media conference have already stirred a hornet's nest within the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16896175", "title": "Home or street, it\u2019s Sofar so good", "text": "In a city that has internalised attention deficit disorder (ADD) and where the entire day comprises mostly 'peak hours', it's uncommon to find 40 to 50 people huddled around a bunch of performers at key stations\u2014Churchgate, Bandra and Borivali\u2014on the western line. Live concerts in the living-rooms of space-starved Mumbai are an equally uncommon occurrence.This past fortnight, two music initiatives\u2014one home grown, the other an international network\u2014have done what some might call the unthinkable. While Songs From A Room (Sofar) brought a full live music set to a living-room in Powai, the National Street for Performing Arts (NSPA) had people stop and/or slow down in their tracks at railway stations.Sofar had its first gig in a London living-room in 2009. It has since organised performances in 30 cities across five continents. Shibani Kumar, dentist, music enthusiast and coordinator of the first Mumbai concert, explains Sofar's India story so far: \"India is the first Asian country to host Sofar. The first concert took place in Pune and it was organised there by Reema Kumari Jadeja.\"\"I met Reema in 2010; she'd already been exposed to Sofar London and I was taken in by her enthusiasm. Finally in February this year, Reema got together Sofar's first gig in Pune. The line-up comprised Shaa'ir and Func, Milind Date, Charulata Phadke and Something Relevant. This was followed by a concert in Delhi. Mumbai had its first gig last Sunday,\" she adds.Based out of its Nariman Point offices in Mumbai, NSPA aspires to go national eventually. The outfit hopes to reclaim public spaces for street performances. The pilot project took place at Churchgate station in June this year and last week witnessed the launch of its programme. For its inaugural season, the NSPA is collaborating with Western Railways.\"The project has been initiated by Ajit Dayal. A patron of the arts, Dayal has previously founded financial companies. For now we'll be having three four-hour performances spread through the week at the decided stations,\" says, Anisha George, project co-ordinator, NSPA.Permissions to stage anything in the public space are near-impossible to acquire. This inaccessibility gets quickly reflected in the severe dearth of public art projects in Mumbai. However, George says that NSPA's experience with the railway authorities has been anything but stiffly bureaucratic. \"The railway authorities have been helpful\u2014after the successful pilot project, they invited us to submit a detailed plan and we took it from there,\" she explains.The contrasting approaches of the two outfits ensure that the city's music heads have a wider spectrum to engage with. To begin with, Sofar finds its mojo in secrecy and NSPA grooves in public.\"There was no publicity, it's all very secret. I invited some like-minded friends and a few people turned up because they informed about the gig via the Sofar website. Those interested in attending these performances can go register on the site. A schedule is put out, and you just drop Sofar a mail if you're interested in attending a gig near you,\" states Kumar.NSPA, on the other hand, is open to engaging with the big public out there. This, of course, can have its downside. According to George, the musicians were alerted that they might have to 'hear the music' from some audience members. \"We prepared them for rude remarks, mindless audiences and mockery. Thus far, however, there've been no such instances; the response has been favourable. In fact, Brass Achaar, who performed at Churchgate, said that the audience there was one of the best they've had,\" she elaborates.Sofar works within controlled environs and runs a tight ship every which way. Kumar explains, \"Music often gets lost at bars and clubs. Sofar intends to keep it strictly about music. The audience members are requested to switch off their cell phones and maintain silence during the performance.\" The first Mumbai gig lasted two and a half hours and had performances by Sidd Coutto, Alisha Pais, Nikhil D'Souza and Dischordian.Finally, NSPA puts out open calls for performances and follows a no-tipping policy\u2014the sessions are free for the audiences\u2014but the performers are paid on a time-rate basis. Sofar invites artistes to perform and is completely pro bono.Mumbai's music score card is often criticised for its low rankings but with these new initiatives it's quite clear that a revision is due.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16897130", "title": "They're father-son on Ramleela stage too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They're father-son in real life, and also on the grand Ramleela stage. For 18 years now, 70-year-old Sham Sunder Sharma and Jyoti Bhardwaj, 38, have been essaying the role 'Dasharatha' and 'Rama' in the Ramleela staged in Sector 29. Organized by Ordinance Cable Factory (OCF) Sanskritik Manch, this Ramleela is unique for another reason - it has a revolving stage, probably the only one in the city.The Sector-29 Ramleela, which had its first show 48 years ago, got a revolving stage in 1984. As thousands turn up to witness the epic unfold on stage, they are fascinated each time the scene switches by mere revolution of the stage. Sharma, who is also the director of the Ramleela and a founder member of the manch, said, \"We wanted to do something different so we introduced a revolving stage in 1984. No other Ramleela in Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana has been able to install the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16897217", "title": "Gandhi family looting common man: Dharmendra Pradhan", "text": "HUBLI: The BJP is trying to gain some brownie points by hinting at action against former CM B S Yeddyurappa who is in the dock for his involvement in land allocation case. Speaking at the \"Congress Hatao, Desh Bachao'' campaign organized by the state BJP Yuva Morcha on the Nehru ground here on Saturday, BJP national general secretary and party's Karnataka incharge Dharmendra Pradhan minced no words when he said: \"We will not tolerate any kind of corruption. We have not hesitated to take harsh action against our own people.'' However, he was quick to add: \"Such decisions (to sack Yeddyurappa) will have been taken with a painful heart.''After indicating BJP's `tough' stand against the 'wrongdoers' in the party, Pradhan went on to attack AICC chief Sonia Gandhi for her son-in-law Robert Vadra's alleged corrupt deals with the DLF and her son Rahul Gandhi's alleged involvement in a land scam. \"Desh ka daamad and beta are engaged in robbing money of the Aaam Admi. Sonia should reply if she has any morality,'' he added.He ridiculed PM Manmohan Singh as Singham for foreign investors. \"He became Singham twice during his tenure. Once during the nuclear deal and the second time while allowing FDI in the retail sector.''Lending his voice to his colleague, Karnataka CM Jagadish Shettar criticized Sonia Gandhi for her remarks on the misappropriation of central funds by the state. \"She has made a baseless allegation. Let her give us the details of the released funds and the alleged misappropriation. We are ready to account for every rupee,'' he said. Instead, the CM alleged that the state was meted out a step-motherly treatment by the Centre.Deputy chief minister and BJP state president KS Eshwarappa appealed to Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to come for campaigning in Karnataka during elections. \"Because, wherever they go, their party sinks,\" he quipped. State BJP general secretary MP Prahlad Joshi said that the protest rallies against the UPA government by the Yuva Morcha will go on till November 10. \"Later, we will chalk-out the second stage of our protests,'' he said.RAVI BATS FOR MODI AS CMKarnataka higher education minister CT Ravi stirred a hornets' nest on Saturday by saying that Narendra Modi will become the next Prime Minister. \"He will become the PM and bring back black money from Swiss accounts,'' he said. Not many in the BJP speak about the PM issue, as it has become the most contentious one with veteran leader L K Advani still harnessing the hope of occupying the highest office in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16891355", "title": "Tony Greig reveals he has lung cancer", "text": "LONDON: Former England cricket captain Tony Greig has been diagnosed with a form of lung cancer and will undergo medical tests later this week to determine at what stage the disease is at the moment.The 66-year-old former all-rounder, who played for England between 1972 and 1977 before becoming a commentator, will undergo a biopsy to know at what stage the disease is and what needs to be done for its cure.\"I have had a few scrapes in my life and this is another one. Vivian (Tony's wife) and I are going to put the boxing gloves on and fight this like we've never fought anything before,\" Greig is quoted as saying by 'Sunday Telegraph'.Greig, who was initially diagnosed with bronchitis in May, has a lesion on his right lung.After returning to Australia from the ICC World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka , he had \"a lot of fluid\" drained from the lung, and further testing revealed he had cancer.Greig said he is yet to ascertain if will be working over with Channel Nine as commentator during the Australian summer.\"At this stage, the summer is totally up in the air. My priority, 100%, is my family. They will come first,\" he said.Greig played 58 Tests for England and scored 3599 runs for an average of 40.43 apart from taking 141 wickets.Of the 22 One-day internationals that he played, he could score 269 runs for an average 16.81 and claimed 19 wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900894", "title": "India alert", "text": "Meet three faces of Indian origin who are setting international ramps on fire. Nona Walia reports.Other desi faces to watch out forAlyssah Ali: This Trinidadian beauty walked the ramp for Chanel's Pre-Fall 2012 show, and is fast becoming a regular face on global runways and major ad campaigns, most recently with the Ralph Lauren brand.Jessica Clark: She's a model of Indian and Nigerian descent. She is open about being a lesbian, and has even acted in a lesbian movie. She has walked the ramp for Lanvin , Marc by Marc Jacobs , Diane von Furstenberg , Erdem and Calvin Klein , among many others. According to her, her career highlights have been,\"Getting the D&G; campaign; it was kind of surreal to shoot with Mario Testino . It's such an adrenaline rush to walk the ramp internationally.\"Who: Kanishtha DhankharSpotted atShe's just returned from the New York Fashion Week, where she walked the ramp for Nina Skarra SS 2013.Modelling for an international show\"Doing an international fashion show is similar to doing a show in India and yet, in some ways, it is different. The excitement that I feel before every show is the same, but I have to admit, the runway in New York is way longer than the ones here in India. I remember the first show I did there \u2014 it felt like I was walking on a never-ending ramp. But it was extremely exciting, as New York is the fashion capital of the world and I knew there were a lot of people, who are big names in the fashion industry, watching us. So it was a great opportunity. The excitement backstage is not very different \u2014 people are nervous and there is chaos, but it feels different because of the sheer scale of things. And their hair, make-up and outfits are very detailed. In the shows that I did this season, I noticed that their make-up was very clean and simple. Also, some of the shows are sponsored by big cosmetic brands. I was in the Project Runway (season 10) fashion week show and L'Oreal was one of the main sponsors. So we got a lot of gifts, which was exciting for us girls!\"Indian connectionShe won the Femina Miss India 2011 crown and that was the beginning of her success story. Spotted at Cannes (France), this model has big Bollywood dreams and wants to be known globally.Tips for would-be models\"Always be positive and happy. Your attitude makes you a winner.\"Who: Erika PackardSpotted at l She was recently seen at New York Fashion Week Shateria Morange's SS 2013 show.Modelling for an international show\"Walking on any ramp gives me jitters. But this being New York city, the fashion capital \u2014 walking with models you see on FTV, in front of Hollywood celebrities who are sitting in the first row \u2014 made me very nervous! Backstage, things are the same, be it New York or New Delhi. But when it comes to clothes, it's not like India, where if you don't fit into the clothes, they adjust it. In New York, if you don't fit in with the designer's look, you might not be able to do the show. Also, your hair and make-up are given a lot of attention \u2014 it is checked at least thrice after it's done!\"I ndian connectionHer exotic Irish-North Indian-Goan genes give her an edge over other models.Tips for would-be models\"Hard work and discipline can take you places. To reach the top, you need to have patience.\"Who: Ashika PrattSpotted at l This Indian model is from New Zealand and is being listed as one of the faces to watch out for, after being one of the Asian girls spotted at Chanel's 'Paris-Bombay' Pre-fall 2012 show.Modelling for an international show\"Every show and every designer is different. They have their own way of doing things. Working for a client like Chanel is an experience by itself, as they have the resources and are able to fly girls from all over the world, even if it's a one-night show. They specifically choose every model, choreographer, lighting team, guests \u2014 whatever they want. And when it comes together, the effect is amazing. The fittings are time-slotted, outfits are pre-decided and the make-up and hair are done before your fitting. It was very well put together, especially since we had to wear so many outfits. Models weren't late \u2014 everyone was on time, ready and willing to do their job. It was a great team.\"Indian connection\"My mother is a Fiji Indian, while my dad's side is English. I first came to India in 2009 and from then on, have been making trips back at least twice a year. Internationally, the Indian look is hot right now.\"Tips for would-be models\"Get representation with a good agent, and just keep going. It is a tough industry and can be a hard one to get into. But keep trying and don't let rejection get you down.\"nona.walia@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16898206", "title": "Bills worth Rs 2 thousand crore uncleared, contractors halt work", "text": "BANGALORE: The city has come to a grinding halt not just in garbage collection , but in terms of other civic works also. Over 1,300 BBMP contractors are rattled that the civic body has not cleared their bills worth Rs 2,000 crore from 2010 to 2012.On Saturday, contractors staged a dharna in front of BBMP office and accused commissioner Rajneesh Goel of not taking up the bill clearance issue with the government.\"Government has given Rs 350 crore, but the commissioner is asking us to take only Rs 250 crore. We stopped working 18 days ago and we are going to stay throughout the night in BBMP premises. The commissioner wants us to talk to deputy CM but we don't want to talk to any politician. With three more days left for Ayudha Pooja, we are left with Rs 2,000 crore worth of uncleared bills. We shall not accept their lip sympathy,\" said Srinivas R J, president, BBMP Contractors ' Association.\"We're willing to release Rs 350 crore on priority basis to contractors. It is left to them whether to accept this amount or not,\" Goel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16896960", "title": "Five share lead in International GM Open Chess", "text": "NAGPUR: With just three rounds to go in the Nagpur Improvement Trust International GM Open Chess Championship, the cream is rising to the top.Accordingly, top rated Grandmasters from abroad along with a couple of rising Indian players are on a roll. On a day when most of the players played with caution, six of the top-10 boards witnessed a draw. As a result, five players shared the lead with 6.5 points apiece at the end of round 8 at the Naivedhyam Celebrations Centre on Saturday.Friday's sole leader Martyn Kravtsiv of Ukraine took no chances against the two in-form GMs Ziaur Rahman of Bangladesh and top seed Aleksej Aleksandrov from Belarus. After a play of just 20 moves in the morning session, Martyn offered Ziaur to sign the peace treaty which the later agreed before he fought hard against the top seed to force the Belarus GM Aleksandrov to split the points in the 8th round.On the top board, it was a fight between two attacking GMs, Kravtsiv and Aleksandrov, who locked themselves in a perpetual check position which naturally headed towards a draw and both signed the peace treaty in 52 moves.Upcoming Indian, 17-year-old Vidit Gujrathi had his say over MR Lalith Babu - country's top rated GM in the championship. Eyeing the elusive GM norm, Vidit shared the honours in just 11 moves and require just a draw in the next round to achieve that nine-game norm which would further enhance his chances.With wins in contrasting fashion, Ziaur Rahman and GA Stany joined Vidit along with the top two seeds Aleksandrov and Kravtsiv on top of the table with 6.5 points. With six points in their kitty, all the five leaders are being closely followed by seven players.Results (Round 8): Aleksej Aleksandrov (6.5) drew with Martyn Kravtsiv (6.5), MR Lalith Babu (6) drew with Vidit Gujrathi (6.5), Saidali Iuldachev (6) drew with Sahaj Grover (6), Prasanna Rao (5.5) lost to Ziaur Rahman (6.5), Akshayraj Kore (5.5) lost to GA Stany (6.5), Himanshu Sharma (6) bt Andrei Deviatkin (5), Abdulla Al-Rakib (6) bt Gurpreet Singh Maras (5), Swayams Mishra (5.5) drew with Neelotpal Das (5.5), S Nitin (5.5) drew with Vishnu Prasanna (5.5), Murali Krishnan (5.5) drew with Narayanan Srinath (5.5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895662", "title": "People throng Kali temples during puja", "text": "PATNA: Even as most Patnaites are actively participating in the community Durga Puja celebrations in different parts of the city, there are devotees who prefer to visit select Kali temples to offer their prayers during Dussehra.There are more than a dozen Kali temples in the city, but Patna Kali Bari at Yarpur, Kali Mandir at Darbhanga House and Sidheshwari Kali temple at Bansghat are drawing maximum number of devotees.The Kali Bari at Yarpur was founded by Justice Hemant Chaudhary and Apoorva Kumar Mukherjee in 1961 and the puja celebrations there started four years later, in 1965. Earlier, a local club, Milan Mandir Club, was functioning there since 1942.The Yarpur complex has four separate temples of Kali, Shiva, Radha-Govind and Durga. Like previous years, this year too, the Kali Bari has organized the puja on a grand scale. An artisan from Kolkata has modelled the idol of Goddess Durga.The Kali Mandir at Darbhanga House happens to be one of the oldest temples in the city. Located on a picturesque site on the banks of the Ganga, it is more than 150 years old. Generally, this temple is visited by 100-150 persons every day, but the number of visitors increases during Durga Puja. This temple assumes greater significance in view of the fact that Goddess Dakshin Kali is installed on Panchmundi.The temple was constructed as a part of Darbhanga House by Maharajadhiraj Kameshwar Singh of Darbhanga for his family members. However, this old residential complex became part of PU campus in 1956.The temple is managed by Sir Kameshwar Singh Religious Trust but all offerings made by devotees are spent on the maintenance of the complex. \"There are over 100 such temples in different parts of the country, all managed by the trust,\" Jha said.The Kali temple at Bansghat has also been attracting great rush of devotees these days. This temple is visited by thousands of people every day, said Ram Jeevan Yadav, a regular visitor to the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896751", "title": "Man loses Rs 60,000 to fake jobs racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fake jobs racket has come to light following a complaint by a Chennai resident who lost Rs 60,000 in the hope of getting a lucrative job in the Czech Republic. Delhi Police has found that people in the capital were also cheated.The complaint states two youths sold the idea of working in east Europe and collected large sums for visa and other formalities before fleeing. The swindlers used to advertise online and meet their victims near the Czech embassy in Delhi. They would demand documents, including passport, to arrange fake visas and job letters before fleeing.The Chennai resident, Zaheeruddin Mathari, reported that a man who called himself Ajit had advertised a Singapore job online. \"Although the ad was for Singapore, he offered a better job in the Czech Republic and asked me to send copies of my passport and educational certificates, and a photograph,\" Mathari told police.On receiving a job offer, Mathari came to Delhi, where Ajit's associate Krishna met him and asked for Rs 10,700 for the visa process. Later, the accused took more money in installments of Rs 10,000, Rs 25,000 and Rs 15,000.When Mathari wrote to the company where he had supposedly got a job, he learnt that the email account did not work. From the Czech embassy he came to know his visa application was not received. A case of cheating and criminal breach of trust has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16898383", "title": "Divine Boxes", "text": "Until now, they belonged to cities. But now the vending-machine model is being used in rural areas where ATMs dispense clean water as well as disburse wages to NREGS beneficiariesAmetallic box usually doesn't fit the image of an empowering tool. However, the ATM, in a variety of avatars, isslowly proving to be just that for underprivileged people\u2014it's talking to them, providing water, impacting social divisions , promoting healthier lifestyles and giving people control over their incomes.One of the coolest innovations using the dispensing machine model has to be the water ATM. \"Our creative challenge was to design something that inspires feelings of safety and also protects the water from contamination,\" says Anand Shah, CEO of Sarvajal, an initiative by the Piramal Foundation to find mass-market solutions to India's water crisis. Sarvajal's solar-run water ATM gives people access to clean water 24x7 using a pre-paid card at 30 paise per litre. These pre-paid cards can be recharged using mobile phones. \"There are about 20 water ATMs operational mostly in Rajasthan,\" says Shah. The water is sourced locally, usually from borewells \u2014 saving huge transportation costs \u2014 and treated using reverse osmosis and ultraviolet technology. \"Our water is cheaper than RO water at home. The idea is to buy the water that you need, instead of buying an expensive RO system that will cost you 0.50 p per litre.\"The perception that rural people won't pay for quality services is wrong, says Shah. \"They want to be part of modern society. After a water ATM is set up, 15-20 % of the people immediately start buying water. They like to claim 'we have a water ATM' . We have had stories of villagers, who had stomach ailments, not suffering anymore.\" At another level, the inclusiveness is filtering through social segregation too. \"A community of butchers in Lakshmangarh village came to us and requested for a water ATM in their colony, as caste issues were not allowing them access to bottled Sarvajal water,\" recalls Shah.A number of such scalable projects are being powered by solar energy in areas that lack reliable electricity supply. The government's thrust for greater financial inclusion by improving ATM penetration is one example. Already, Chennai-based Vortex Engineering Pvt Ltd is providing banks with solar ATMs called Gramateller , that use 90% less power, do not need air-conditioning , are cheaper than standard ATMs, accept soiled notes, use biometric-based identification to help non-literate people, have voice assistance and even print receipts in the local language. Says CEO Vijay Babu, \"We are also piloting a cash acceptor module , attached to the ATM, that will deposit cash in accounts instantly.\" He says they have installed 300 solar ATMs so far, reportedly the largest deployment of solar ATMs in the world.Many banks are now using such solar ATMs and micro-ATMS to disburse NREGS (National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme) payments and pensions also. Vijay Babu remembers the amazement of a beneficiary after checking out the balance in his account at an ATM. \"These people don't get what they are supposed to when paid by other intermediaries. Roughly, 50% of the payments were being leaked. Now it's a transparent process.\"True, ATM penetration in rural India is pretty low \u2014 \"15%\" according to Lalit Sinha, general manager, alternate delivery channels, Union Bank of India. The UBI itself has 32% of its 4198 ATMs in rural areas. But doubts about rural people using ATMs have no basis. \"Our highest-hit ATMs are in eastern UP,\" points out Sinha. UBI is planning Aadhar-linked pre-paid cards for rural ATMs. \"It would play an important role in future. A farmer can have subsidies credited to his Aadhar-linked account,\" says Sinha.Putting people first, these low-cost innovations could well define the nature of India's ongoing frugal revolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16900456", "title": "MPs allege discrimination against SC, ST students at AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alleging discrimination against SC, ST and OBC students at AIIMS, 54 MPs have sought Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention in the matter, requesting him to seek a detailed report from the institute's administration.In a letter to Singh, the MPs also informed that AIIMS has not fulfilled the criteria for appointment of doctors and other medical staffs from backward communities, creating a backlog against these.\"There are serious allegations of discrimination against SC, ST and OBC students in AIIMS. The institute has failed to recruit doctors from reserved categories. It has also not followed recommendations of committees set up by government in this regard,\" Lok Sabha MP Mangani Lal Mandal said.Several MPs representing SC, ST and OBC communities have been alleging caste discrimination in national level universities and institutions.\"We have held several protests against the cases of caste discrimination in national level educational institutions. This issue has been raised several times in Parliament also,\" Mandal said.On their letter, he said, \"We have requested the prime minister to look into the matter and seek a report from AIIMS administration. We also informed him that the institute has overlooked the recommendations of committees set up by government to look into these allegations.\"Following allegations of discrimination against students from reserved categories, the government has set up committees to look into the matter.\"The government had set up Thorat Committee to look into the allegations of caste discrimination in AIIMS. The committee had given its recommendation asking the institute to clear backlog in appointment from reserved categories. But nothing has been done in this regard,\" he said.He claimed that students from reserved categories have been repeatedly failed by the AIIMS faculty and \"one student from ST community even committed suicide after facing repeated discrimination in the institute\".Recently, the NCSC also recommended action against people found guilty of caste discrimination in AIIMS, taking into account the report filed by a committee headed by Bhalchandra Mungekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897976", "title": "Now, industrial units at SEZ can pay bills online", "text": "INDORE: The administration seems to be in no mood to leave any stone unturned in order to attract more and more investors during the Global Investors Summit. While preparations for the event are in full swing, AKVN (I) has unveiled a special facility for the units located at Indore SEZ (special economic zone) as per which they will now be able to pay the bill online, through facilities like NEFT (National Electronic Funds Transfer) or RTGS (Real Time Gross Settlement). A number of investors, that are likely to reach MoU with the state government on the occasion of GIS, are likely to set up their unit at SEZ.For this, the industrial units, located at SEZ, have been advised to first visit the AKVN site to read their bill and then pay it online through the AKVN's site. Then they will have to pay the bill through the Kotak Mahindra Bank account's account by either NEFT or RTGS, said an AKVN official. The electricity bills would be sent to the units through e-mails too. It will help them in two ways. Thus, they will be able to pay their electricity bill in no time through e-mail, added the official. There are 51 industrial units that are located at Indore SEZ which include Cipla , Ipca, Lupin, SRF, Shakti pumps and others. Similarly, the AKVN has also allocated land to some of the global firms at the SEZ which include Mylan and Tewa.The menu for the guests, both domestic and foreign, has been finalised for 28th and 29th October. The feature of the menu, to be supplied by Sayaji and Fortune Landmark hotels in the city is that there will be special counters for Malwa and entire Madhya Pradesh foods which would be served to the foreign guests too so as to give them a taste of traditional foods of the region.Ashok Badjatya, president, Association of Industries, MP, who has prepared the menu for the food in consultation with AKVN (I) MD, Manish Singh, said, \" Delegates would be served the local cuisines from Malwa, Mahakaushal, Rewa and Gwalior, apart from dishes from countries like Japan, Vietnam , Malaysia, Mediterranean and Lebanon .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896673", "title": "East Zone boycott nets ahead of Duleep Trophy final", "text": "CHENNAI: Unhappy with the practice facility provided by the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association at a private indoor nets, East Zone did not practise on the eve of the Duleep Trophy final against Central Zone on Saturday even after turning up at the venue.\"We were expecting to be given the facility at Chepauk and not this,\" East Zone coach Subhrajit Saikia said.\"The space was not enough and there are chances of players getting injured. That's a risk we do not want to take,\" he said as the team got ready to return to the hotel after inspecting the facility.Downpour over the past few days in the city ruled out the possibility of practising outdoors and the Central Zone team had utilised the private indoor nets on Friday and Saturday.The TNCA said the indoor facility at the Chidambaram Stadium was not in use. \"It has been 18 months since the indoor facility was closed down,\" TNCA joint secretary G Natarajan said. \"We direct teams to this facility when faced with such circumstances.\"Seasonal rain in October has been a dampener for sporting events in the city, and begs the question how the prestigious Duleep Trophy final was scheduled in Chennai in the first place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897824", "title": "Boss of starred hotel booked for theft of TV signal", "text": "PANAJI: Agasaim police on Saturday registered a case against Yusuf Balva, director of the Grand Hyatt hotel in Bambolim, for allegedly stealing the video signal of 20 pay TV channels and transmitting it illegally to hotel rooms.The Grand Hyatt, though, was confident the issue would be resolved soon. \"I believe it is a misunderstanding and this will be sorted out by next week,\" Stefan Radstrom, the hotel's general manager, told STOI.The complaint was lodged by Tungesh Mishra, an officer for a Mumbai-based agency. Police sources told STOI that according to the complainant, during the last few days, the hotel was transmitting signals of a few entertainment channels without paying any money to the distributor.Police sources also said that Mishra stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Thursday and recorded a channel which was an illegally transmittied signal by the hotel. Acting on the complaint filed by Mishra on Friday, police visited the hotel and conducted the panchanama.\"Six receivers and one LCD were attached during the panchanama,\" police sources said, adding that the complainant has distribution rights of some channels and without signing an agreement with the complainant, any hotel having more than 50 rooms cannot show these channels.Police sources said that during the last six months, the hotel has not paid the fee for transmitting the signal.Police registered the case under Section 379 read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Sections 51, 63 and 65 of the Copyright Act, against Yusuf Balva, the hotel's director, and J K Saraf, finance and administration director, for committing theft of signal of paid channels. Further investigations are being carried out by police sub-inspector Dinesh Gadekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895828", "title": "No entry to N Chandrababu Naidu in Telangana: Telangana Political Joint Action Committee", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) on Saturday decided to prevent TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu , who is on a state-wide padayatra, from entering Telangana unless he makes his stance on the separate state issue clear.Speaking to newspersons, T-JAC chairman M Kodandaram gave a call for 'Chalo Rajoli' on October 22 and said Telangana activists would stop Naidu on the day when he is expected to enter Telangana at Rajoli in Mahbubnagar.\"Naidu's recent letter to the Centre is ambiguous. We demand that he should make his stand clear on Telangana before entering the region. Telangana activists would take part in 'Chalo Rajoli' to stop Naidu from entering the region,\" said Kodandaram.On their part, Telugu Desam Party said they were prepared to face the situation, saying that they know the politics behind it.\"The politics is that TRS and YSR Congress have joined hands with Congress to fight the TDP. We are well prepared to face it. We call upon the T-JAC not to fall prey to this politics and urge them to first seek clarity from the Congress on Telangana instead of targeting the TDP,\" said Telangana TDP MLA Erraballi Dayakar Rao.Meanwhile, Naidu consulted the Telangana TDP leaders on strategy to be adopted to face the impending opposition for his padayatra in Telangana and the leaders are understood to have assured him of their preparedness to face the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "dudu (jaipur)", "code": "16896476", "title": "Salaries of government employees will be Aadhaar-based by February: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "DUDU (JAIPUR): The Rajasthan government has decided to link 10 social schemes being implemented in the state to the Aadhaar card-based service delivery system launched by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at Dudu on Saturday.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot said even granting electricity and water supply connections, issuing driving licences, registration of properties, transfer and copy of land titles would be linked to the Aadhaar card. Beneficiaries of the Indira Awas Yojana, the three pension schemes for old age, widow and specially-abled persons, MGNREGA job-cards, ration cards and individual schemes of the rural development and panchayati raj department would be identified by their Aadhaar numbers.\"The 6 lakh state government employees will start getting their salaries on the basis of their Aadhaar card numbers by February 2013,\" the chief minister announced at the public assembly in Dudu. He added, \"The social security pension schemes will be linked to Aadhaar by April 2013.\"UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi had mentioned in her speech that the state government needed to link their social schemes with the Aadhaar identities so that these reach the intended beneficiaries only. \"Aadhaar is not just a card, it will become an 'Aadhaar' (basis) of every citizen in the country to demand his rights,\" Sonia said.Chief minister Gehlot said the state's public distribution system (PDS), too, would be linked to the Aadhaar card. \"As a pilot project it shall be implemented in Dudu, Shahpura and Chomu tehsils,\" Gehlot said. Further, the CM's housing scheme for rural poor would be linked to Aadhaar.The state government's scholarship scheme of providing Rs 500 every month up to five years to one lakh meritorious students for higher education would be based on Aadhaar.The UPA chairperson also launched the state government's Rajiv Gandhi Digital Student Yojana of distributing 56,000 laptops to meritorious school students and distributing motorized tri-cycles to the physically challenged persons. Three beneficiaries each of both the schemes were awarded at the function.Speaking on the occasion, union minister of state for IT, Sachin Pilot said, \"The Centre and state governments' schemes will be successful only when every Indian gets the Aadhaar card.\" Sachin stole the limelight in his Lok Sabha constituency Ajmer (Dudu is party of it), as he got the loudest and maximum rounds of applauds during his thanks giving extempore in praise of the UPA-II government. He even led the gathering of thousands to shout slogans in honour of Sonia and Singh.The Gehlot government managed to bring an impressive number of people for the function that was held in open fields along the Jaipur-Ajmer national highway. Majority of the state ministers and Congress state president Chandrabhan were present but could not share the dais with the dignitaries from Delhi. Only Rajasthan's union ministers CP Joshi , NM Meena, Mahadev Singh Khandela and Sachin were seated on the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897923", "title": "Shashti turns colourful", "text": "BHOPAL: Bengalis decked themselves on the eve of Shashti or the sixth day of the Durga Puja. They participated in a series of programmes organized across the state capital on Saturday.Charu Dutta, a housewife gushed, \"Finally, the pujas are here! This is one time of the year every Bengali waits for with bated breath.\"\"More than the rituals and the customs, it provides us an occasion to congregate and catch up in the humdrum of our daily lives,\" said Anindo Mukherjee.The various associations in the city inaugurated their pandals with much fanfare and reverence.TT Nagar Kalibari Bengali Association organized, a Kitchen Queen contest for the ladies. It had two categories in the competition viz vegetarian and non-vegetarian. The contest was judged by Shakti Bhattacharya, retired principal IHM Guwahati, Vikas Sabarwal, head chef Jehanuma Palace among others.In the non-vegetarian section, Jolly Chakraborty was adjudged the winner. The runners-up in the section were the mother-daughter duo - Riya and Ranjita Sarkar.The winners of the vegetarian section were the members of the Mahila Samiti of the association. It was a big day for Arera Bangiya Parishad as well, with the launch of their website and blog.Talking about the need of building the website and blog, secretary Shipra Bhattacharya said, \"Since we do not have a building, it was difficult to communicate with the members. With the website and the blog, members would be regularly updated about the activities of the association.\"Urban administration minister Babulal Gaur inaugurated the pandal and launched the website and blog.A souvenir of the association was also released on the occasion. The man behind the souvenir Sarit Chatterjee described how difficult it was to meet the puja deadline this year. \"We were determined to make it happen this year as the last few years it would drag on till Saraswati Puja,\" Chatterjee said.\"Photos of last year's Durga Puja, Kali Puja, picnic, Saraswati Puja, New Year and Rabindra Jayanti have been included in the souvenir,\" he added.Chhola dal with muttonThe 'Kitchen Queen' contest held at TT Nagar Kalibari on the Shashti morning was a big hit among the ladies. \"More than 30 participants displayed their culinary skills,\" said one of the organisers.The winner Jolly Chakraborty is a house-wife who loves to experiment with food. \"This is the first time ever that I had prepared the dish and I was lucky to win,\" she smiles.Her dish 'chhola dal with mutton' received accolades from the judges and other participants alike.Describing the recipe Jolly said, \"I just used my common sense with the dish. Mutton was cooked in traditional Bengali style with spices but toned down a bit since it had to be mixed with dal. The final preparation was topped with ghee and garam masala.\"Garba at BHEL ladies clubOn the fourth day of Navratri, a garba dance was organised by the BHEL ladies club. The programme was inaugurated by the chairperson of the club Usha Rani Gupta. The members of the club, all in traditional attire took part in the garba programme heartily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16896470", "title": "Childhood memories and forgotten myths", "text": "Samaresh MajumdarI grew up in the tea gardens of Jalpaiguri. There was only one Durga Puja in our locality with no other puja within 50 km. It was organized by 25 to 30 local Bengali families. The charm of that puja still lingers in my memory.Life was very different in Goyerkata. Not only did we participate in the puja, even the tea garden labourers, who are mostly Christians, also participated whole-heartedly in it.I and my friends would enjoy every moment from the time the potter started making the idol. It'd be fascinating to see the idol slowly taking shape. We'd wake up early and run to the place where the idols were being made to see what new additions had been made while we were asleep.As we stepped into adolescence, we would feel shy to look at the figure of Maa Durga being made. We'd only look at her eyes and feet.One thing that always surprised me as a teenager was why Maa Durga didn't look older. Looking at her along with her children, I always felt she should have some grey hair. I looked at our mothers, who were then 40 to 45 years old and they all had grey hairs.The priest and his assistant used to travel to Goyerkata, bordering Bhutan, from Cooch Behar. People from distant places would visit our place during Puja. As a teenager, we longed for this moment and if by sheer luck there was any pretty girl resembling Maa Durga in any group, we'd all fall for her. During that time we were not allowed to speak to the girl or note down her address. Hence all we could say was, please come next year.As a child I always felt very sad during immersion. Once I went with my family to the immersion and to my utter surprise, the men embraced each other after heaving the beautiful idol into the water. On returning home, they all had sweets. I did not like this. At one such puja, my newly-married aunt came to our house and when she was going back to her in-laws' place, everybody was in tears. Following the immersion practice, I asked them to stop crying and said they should instead have sweets and embrace each other. What a scolding I got!I left Goyerkata and joined college in Kolkata, but I kept travelling to my native place every puja vacation.Another ceremonial part of Durga puja is sindur khela that's only restricted to married women. Once we played a prank on a girl aged 15 or 16 and told her that if she did not take part in the ritual, she won't get a good groom for herself. She fell for it and took sindur from Maa Durga's feet and put it on her forehead. She was badly scolded by her elder sister.From what I can gather from people staying there, Gayerkata is also into theme puja nowadays. But I simply cannot identify with that.Mani Shankar MukherjeeDurga Puja has a different meaning to me. Though things change, puja rituals should not. But this ritualistic part is now somewhat lost in the grandeur, making Durga Puja more of a festival and an advertising gimmick.Our puja follows the Kalikapuran. But how many are aware what Chandi is? I have written in 'Teen Bhubaner Kotha' about Maa Durga and her family. It is important to know how the goddess with 10 arms bearing 10 weapons riding a lion took shape from the combined wishes of the gods to put an end to Mahishasura's atrocities.She appeared, killed the demon and vanished even before the gods could give her a reception. She was extremely moody. Then the gods went to her and pleaded that she accept the reception. Whatever they said in her reception has been encrypted as Chandi.How many of us know that Mahisasura was a great fighter and a reformer? When he took the throne after dislodging the gods, he tried to bring some reforms in the operations in heaven. He upgraded the position of apsaris to the same level as goddesses.The texts say that Durga killed other demons, too, but we do not find them with her in the idols. It is believed that Mahishasura had terms of surrendering to her. He had put forward the clause that he has to be given enough recognition even after being killed.We also fail to capture the fascinating aspects of our heritage. How many know that among the weapons given to Durga, there was also a glass full of liquor? Everytime she drank it, it got replenished automatically.Nowadays, there is even a dearth of good priests who can chant the hymns properly. I regret that we have not given enough respect to our rich culture and heritage that started 3,000-4,000 years ago. Priests are the most important part of the puja because they invoke the goddess. But the priests do not get any recognition and get very poor remuneration.I have also taken stock of the huge charter of demands we place in front of the goddess. I have counted 72 such demands and there are many more. At times, I feel we are doing this puja only for our benefit.(As told to Aparajita Gupta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16898039", "title": "Mass protest in Coimbatore outskirts against pollution by foundries", "text": "COIMBATORE: Protest is mounting in many villages in the outskirts of Coimbatore over indiscriminate dumping of sand casts by foundry units. On Saturday, residents of Ponnaiyan Goundanpudur, one of the affected villages, took into custody two vehicles that were carrying casts, which were to be dumped in vacant land in the village.A team of officials including the block development officer, chairperson of the village panchayat, tahsildar and members of the pollution control board were forced to visit the area when the villagers refused to let go of the vehicles they had seized. The protesting villagers also compelled them to visit the foundries in the area, which they said were contaminating the land and the water sources. The officials agreed to investigate the situation and submit a report to the district administration.Villagers complain mass dumping of sand casts was contaminating water sources in the area and ruining the health of residents and their cattle. On October 15, over 200 residents from Telungapalayam and adjoining five villages had staged a protest in front of private foundry on the issue.Over 20 foundry units operate in the area and many more units are setting up shop. They make casts with sand after adding adhesives. Molten metal, mainly iron, bronze, brass and aluminum, is poured into the mould formed within the sand cast. Once the molten metal solidifies, the sand cast is disposed off. The cast, which is treated as debris, contains not just sand but also traces of metals and other chemicals used during the casting process.T P Senthil, a resident of Telungapalayam, said foundries abandon the sand cast, which contain toxic material, in vacant land. According to Sampath Kumar, another resident from Telungapalayam, some foundries dispose the casts inside their unit premises, while many have outsourced the job to private parties, who collect these and deposit them in plot they have sourced for the purpose. He claimed that during rain, polluted water from land where sand casts have been dumped pollutes fields, ponds, and bore wells, which are the main water source for the villagers. Jamila Sampath, president, Telungapalayam panchayat, said they had complained about the problem several times to the district administration and the PCB. People were forced to come out on streets due to inaction on the part of officials.K Rangaswamy of Kariyampalayam village said a well near his farm had to be abandoned due to contamination from sand casts. He said casts are dumped in private as well as peramboke land, often at night. R Natraj, a farmer from Krishnagoundanpudur, another affected village, claimed that water in the well in his field used to be sweeter than Siruvani water, but after a plot adjacent to his farm began to be used for dumping casts, the taste of the water changed.A R Govindaraj, president, Coimbatore Foundry and Industry Owners Association, said all the members of the association have been strictly instructed to avoid dumping sand casts in vacant fields. \"We are aware of such activities and this is mainly done by a few foundries that are not part of the association,\" he said. Govindaraj added most foundries now recycle the casts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896362", "title": "Gurgaon advocate's car stolen", "text": "GURGAON: Five miscreants stole a Santro car belonging to an advocate near Farrukhnagar on Friday evening.The car thieves had earlier taken a lift in the car near Kaliyawas village and taken the car owner hostage at gunpoint. Police have lodged an FIR against unknown robbers.According to police, advocate Ishwar Singh, resident of Ward No. 9, Farrukhnagar, who practises in a city court, lodged a complaint with Farrukhnagar police. In his complaint he told police that he was coming from Najafgarh towards his home on Friday evening in his Santro when five unkown persons, standing by the roadside near Kaliyawas village, stopped his car asking for a lift up to Farrukhnagar.One of them was perched on a bike while the other four were standing near him. Two of them appeared to be 15-16 years old and were in school uniform while the remaining three were in the age group of 22-23.The advocate must have driven for about one kilometre when one of the accused pointed a gun while another accused person pushed him out of the car and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897973", "title": "Shashi Tharoor suggests, Indore debates", "text": "INDORE: A state-level, inter-school debate Crossfire Connoisseur competition was held at Laurels School International on Saturday. The topic was 'should India give up on democracy in the interest of more rapid and efficient development.' It was given for the debate by former union minister and MP Shashi Tharoor .The jury for the competition comprised Retd Brig G P Chattopadhyay , social worker Annie Pawar, assistant professor at Government Arts and Commerce College Jyoti Taneja and chairperson of Laurels School International Dr John M Chacko.Ashita Anand and Shivangi Dutta of Queens' College won the Best School Team Trophy. The Best Speaker Trophy along with a cash prize of Rs 5,000 and a certificate went to Ashita Anand of Queens College . The first runner up was Shraddha Gome of St Raphael's HS, who won a cash prize of Rs 3,000 along with a certificate. The second runner up was Shivangi Dutta of Queens' College who won a cash prize of Rs 2,000 along with a certificate. Laurels School International director Jaya Chacko, principal Sasikala Nair congratulated the winners. Apart from students of the host school, students from St Paul's HS, St Raphael's HS, Sri Sathya Sai Vidya Vihar, Queens' College, SICA Senior Secondary School, Advanced Academy, Vidyasagar School and Vidya Bhavan Public School also participated. The students were judged on the basis of their debate and oratory skills and time management amongst other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896840", "title": "Man gets 3 years jail for cheating on wife, lover", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was convicted of cheating by a trial court for deceiving his wife and a minor girlfriend by maintaining relations with both of them.Even as the stringent charge of rape was dropped against the man after his minor girlfriend turned hostile and his wife was not willing to file for a divorce on the grounds of adultery, the court went ahead to convict him under Section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code, saying the man \"betrayed the trust and deceived one and all, be it his own family or the minor\". The court also sentenced the man to three years in jail after holding him guilty of kidnapping the minor and also fined him Rs 20,000.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said Sanjay Singh's act is \"morally unpardonable and legally punishable\" as he first played with the emotions of a 16-year-old girl and then married another woman despite maintaining his relationship.It added that Singh (23), after consummating his marriage, wanted to revive his relationship with the girl again on the pretext of love. \"The convict has messed with the lives of two girls (one of whom is still a minor) and deserves no mercy. Courts of law are under an obligation to protect the interest of minors, particularly young girls. It is necessary to ensure that any person who subjects the young girls ...to any kind of exploitation ...are taken to task,\" the judge said.While the police had filed a case of kidnapping, rape and criminal intimidation against Singh and three others last year, the case took a different turn during the trial. It came to the court's knowledge that the minor and Singh were known to each other from the past three years and their affair had started when she was 13-year-old. The girl had eloped with Singh last year and the couple had stayed for several days in Meerut and had also developed physical relations. Despite this, Singh got married to another woman and after sometime, contacted the girl again to resume their relationship, saying he was not happy with his wife and wanted to give divorce to her.Singh was arrested after the girl's family lodged a missing complaint. The girl tried to commit suicide twice after realizing that she was being cheated by the man. In the order, the judge added, \"By and large, deception is a civil wrong but it becomes criminal when it infringes upon the right of another and the Indian Penal Code recognizes this as an offence when the consent of the victim is obtained by fraud....\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16898236", "title": "Let none talk about dividing state: Chandrashekar Kambar", "text": "BANGALORE: Jnanapith awardee and litterateur Chandrashekar Kambar on Saturday said nobody, including agriculture minister Umesh V Katti, should talk about dividing the state.Referring to Katti's statement who suggested forming a separate state for north Karnataka districts, Kambar said, \"It's an unfortunate statement. To unify Karnataka as a state, there was a lot of struggle and efforts have gone into it. The state is facing many problems and we should make concerted efforts to solve them.'' Kambar was speaking on the sidelines of the South and North East writers meet organized by Kendriya Sahithya Academy and National Degree College in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897488", "title": "Physicians to discuss their role in cardiology today", "text": "NAGPUR: Physicians are the first point of contact for most people in distress. This requires them to keep themselves well-acquainted with the advances in medicine. Keeping this in mind, the Vidarbha chapter of Association of Physicians of India has organized a symposium on cardiology for the physicians of the region on Sunday.Faculties for the meet include well-known names like Dr Ajit Bhagwat from Aurangabad, Dr Kaustubh Vaidya from Mumbai, city's Dr Mahesh Fulwani and Dr Neetin Deshpande. Several of the new modalities of treating heart patients would be discussed during the symposium.\"The dependence on machines for diagnosing any disease has increased the cost of treatment of heart ailments. Moreover, the number of cardiologists in the country is very small. This calls for defining the role that physicians play in helping the cardiologists, especially in the wake of the increasing number of heart patients in the country. Physicians can contribute a lot to non-interventional cardiology to a field that is increasingly becoming interventional,\" said Dr Pradeep Mishra, chairman of API Vidarbha.He said that if the general physicians were well-versed in dealing with some of the common heart problems, it could help the treatment be more cost-effective and thus reach out to a majority of the population.Topics like reading ECGs, pulmonary hypertension, thromboembolism and pharmacotherapy of ACS-UA/NSTEMI would be discussed. Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) has granted credit hours for this symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896633", "title": "Footballer found dead", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old former footballer committed suicide on Saturday night.Srikanta Dutta, who had played for both East Bengal and Mohan Bagan, was found hanging at his Chetla home, say police. He did not leave a suicide note. The police will question his family and football colleagues to ascertain why he killed himself.Dutta last played for Peerless before retiring a couple of years ago. He was a member of East Bengal's first I-league winning team in 2000-2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896153", "title": "Doctor held for \u2018raping\u2019 24-year-old woman", "text": "MUMBAI: A doctor, who was earlier attached to Ghatkopar's Rajawadi Hospital, was arrested on rape charges. The doctor, Manoj Gajakosh (30), has been remanded in police custody.The police said the complainant, a 24-year-old woman, had alleged that Gajakosh forced her into a physical relationship by promising to marry her.Additional commissioner of police (East region) Kaisar Khalid said, \"We will collect evidence.\" In her complaint, the victim said in 2009, she used to stay in the hospital as her mother had suffered paralysis and was admitted at Rajawadi Hospital, where Gajakosh worked. Gajakosh promised to marry her and had a relationship with her, the police said. However, later he started avoiding her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "tiruvannamalai", "code": "16896247", "title": "I\u2019m not upset with losing pontiff title: Nithyananda", "text": "TIRUVANNAMALAI: Self-styled godman Nithyananda, who was stripped of title of junior pontiff of the Madurai Adheenam by his senior Arunagirinatha Desikar, said he was not upset about the development. Speaking to reporters at his ashram in Tiruvannamalai on Friday night, shortly after he was removed from the post, Nithyananda said he learnt about the decision through media reports. He claimed he had anyway planned to step down in a day or two with Desikar's consent.\"I did not seek to succeed Desikar as Madurai Mutt pontif. It was his decision to anoint me. I promised to step down if problems arose. I have no qualms about being removed from the post,\" Nithyananda said. After days of uncertainty, suspense and legal tussles, Arunagirinatha Desikar took the decision to oust Nithyananda as junior pontiff of the Madurai Adheenam on late Friday. He also filed a complaint seeking police protection claiming that his life was in danger from Nithyananda's disciples. Nithyananda, however, said he was not aware of the police complaint against him and that his disciples would not harm anyone. He added that his disciples would leave the Madurai mutt and will soon join him at his ashram in Tiruvannamalai.Arunagirinatha Desikar removed Nithyananda within six months after anointing him as the 293rd pontiff of Madurai Adheenam, a 1,500-year-old saivite mutt, claiming he had taken the decision due to providential intervention. The decision, which was described as unilateral, evoked vociferous protests from Hindu outfits, who demanded Nithyananda's immediate ouster. Representatives of Hindu organisations cited the godman's alleged involvement with a film actress, a sleaze tape telecast by some channels and the spate of raids and court cases in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka that followed as reasons to remove Nithyananda from the post.His appointment triggered a series of protests, including opposition from heads of several other mutts in view of charges, including rape, against him. Kancheepuram senior pontiff Jayendra Sarawathi, who was initially mild in his opposition to Nithyananda's appointment, stating it was \"unacceptable\", later said his anointing as junior pontiff of the prestigious Madurai Adheenam would be \"detrimental to the spiritual fabric of the mutt as he was embroiled in scandals involving an actress\".Arunagirinatha Desikar had justified his decision and stoutly defended Nithyananda, saying the godman was a \"learned and enlightened soul\", but finally bowed to pressure from the state government, which has moved court to take over the mutt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16895741", "title": "Dil \u2018manga\u2019 more is the mantra of this club", "text": "Not many women in Mumbai can use the words 'maid' and 'stockings' in the same sentence. Of the two exceptions that are sitting at a coffee shop in Fort, one has bunched up her hair into a bun on the right side and the other one has a cellphone photo of herself in an apron. They are sharing the table with a formally dressed boy who is on his way to picking up a ridiculous blonde male wig and another one with a benign smile and spectacles who'd once carried 10 swords in a Churchgate slow.At the Mumbai Anime Club (MAC), such symptoms of delinquency are qualifications. As part of this online group, extreme fans of Japanese animation and Manga (Japanese comics) in the city can safely discuss the pixelated fantasy world full of pretty boys, waitresses and exclamation marks in which the climax can sometimes mean that all the characters turn into orange juice. The uninitiated may call their universe juvenile, but anime, these deviant otakus (Japanese for fans) will tell you with some pride, has something in it for everyone\u2014from shojo (genre preferred by boys) to shonen (genre meant for girls), from comedy to slice of life, from kids to adults.\"It's slightly unjust to call anime a cartoon or Manga a comic,\" corrects Darren Andrade, a gaming firm head. \"They are a Japanese art style.\" Members, mostly between the age of 15 and 25, nod in vigorous assent and talk about the well-crafted moments, layered storylines and unpredictable twists that make them meet on anime websites every week to watch new episodes simultaneously and ruin the end for those who come in late.Two years ago, it was this passion for Manga that led three friends to scribble mental plans on the back of their burger bill: anime newsletters, a centralised library, and a desperate plea, \"We need to get chics, man.\" Soon, thanks to word of mouth, two of these wishes came true and the group expanded to 1,500 facebook members, of whom 200 are active online and around 40 meet regularly at rented halls, cafes and homes where they duly suffix each other's names with 'Chan' and 'San'. At least once every three months, they indulge their fascination with Cosplay, the Japanese tradition of dressing up as comic characters: the reason why Yogesh Gajwani's garage contains masks and chemo wigs and why Tanya Shringarpure's terrace in Dadar looks like a murder scene. \"I was painting a red costume and got footprints all over,\" says Shringarpure, about the red stains that refuse to vanish.Interestingly, the group, unlike that of superhero comic fans, boasts an equal sex ratio. Perhaps, easy access is a reason. \"Manga is serialised so you know where to begin,\" says Yogesh Gajwani. Also, Manga contains a lot of character art pages without thought bubbles. \"For superhero comic fans, a page without words is a page wasted but we love those,\" says Shringarpure, who did a victory jig after getting her hands on the prized Anime character profile book.Both sexes seem to enjoy anime humour, which includes a lot of fat, short and bald jokes (\"they are obsessed with hair\") or puns that are often lost in translation. However, Gajwani confesses that series such as \"Gender Bender\" where girls turn into boys and vice versa can be turn-offs. Similarly, for girls, shojo can be \"like a giant pink cake with a layer of cream with a layer of icing and another cherry on top,\" says Samantha Dias, lead vocalist of the band Wasabi Vibes, a part of MAC that perform original soundtracks from Manga and Anime at events such as the Cool Japan festival. Dias prefers masculine storylines such as that of 'Death Note', in which the protagonist's brother resurrects him by fusing his soul onto a mechanical body. This vibrant, fantasy world has conditioned members to the extent that other means of entertainment can seem a tad drab. \"Unless it's something like Inception, I can't enjoy a movie,\" she says.That's perhaps why most MAC members do not mind spending close to Rs 1,000 a month on anime, manga books, props, action figures and other merchandise. Their recent collective expenditure includes India's first manga-anime-cosplay magazine called MACzine. \"We are now in talks with a publishing firm in Japan to get our published work into the Japanese market,\" says Anrade. Also, they are planning to tie up with restaurants for live performances by Wasabi vibes, card games and a weekly maid cafe, where Samantha MAC's female members will play the role of maids. The kind that wear stockings, of course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16899764", "title": "Assembly polls: EC to keep strict watch on parties for 'paid news'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having issued strict guidelines for dealing with complaints of 'paid news' by candidates in assembly elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, Election Commission will also keep a watch on the activities of political parties for such practices.Sources say the commission has already given instructions to poll officials and media certification and monitoring committees (MCMC) in states to keep a vigil on paid news activities of political parties and account them as expenses of their candidates.At present there is no limit on election expenses of political parties while candidates in assembly elections have a limit of Rs 16 lakh each in Gujarat and Rs 11 lakh each in Himachal Pradesh on their poll expenditure.\"The Media Certification and Monitoring Committee at various levels created for looking at paid news activities of candidates are also keeping track of paid news indulged in by political parties,\" EC director general Akshay Raut said.He said paid news practices by prospective candidates and political parties are being monitored by MCMCs even now and district electoral officers have been asked to prepare weekly paid news monitoring reports to check the spread of menace and monitor the practice behaviour for issue of notices later.The commission has already issued stricter guidelines for tackling 'paid news' complaints asking MCMCs to issue notices within 96 hours of paid news incidents coming to light and also to candidates to reply to such notices within 48 hours.The commission has also asked the Media Certification and Monitoring Committees (MCMC) in districts and state level to decide such cases within the 48 hours of getting the replies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897845", "title": "No beach beds on Caranzalem: CCP councillor", "text": "PANAJI: CCP councillor Surendra Furtado demanded that no beach beds be installed on the Caranzalem-Campal beach belt to enable tourists and locals to move freely about the area.Stating that the Caranzalem-Campal beach belt has never in the history of Goa been used for setting up beach beds, Furtado said this tourist season too, the stretch should be kept off-limits for such use.\"The government and the tourism department should desist from allowing this stretch to be used for this purpose against the wishes of the people of the area,\" he said.\"They should earmark areas which are willing to allow their beach stretches to be used for setting up beach beds in an orderly and controlled manner,\" Furtado added.He said the proliferation of setting up of beach beds at Caranzalem is an alarming trend for the residents of this locality.Opining that Goans should be allowed to choose the usage and conduct of tourism-related facilities, Furtado said now is the golden opportunity for Goa to deflect from its over-dependence on mining activities and to embark on a journey to a sustainable long-term tourism policy since mining is a short-term and exhaustible occupation for the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896823", "title": "Mahabank Bank of Maharashtra launches website", "text": "PUNE: The Bank of Maharashtra on Saturday launched a website - www.mahabank-bancon2012.in - for the banking sector conference BANCON 2012, which it will host on November 24-25 at Marriott Hotel &amp; Convention Center. Bank's chairman &amp; managing birector Narendra Singh launched the site.Executive director of the bank C. VR. Rajendran was present. The website gives details pertaining to the event - the dates, venue, registration, advisory, etc. All the current and forthcoming happenings on BANCON 2012 would be made available on the website, the bank said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16897188", "title": "165 dengue NS-1 antigen tests positive in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Blood samples collected from various parts of the state have tested positive for dengue NS-1 antigen, implying that dengue transmission is continuing in Arunachal Pradesh.A total of 586 blood samples have so far been tested, out of which 165 have tested positive. The test was carried out at the laboratories of Arunachal State Hospital ( ASH ), Pasighat general hospital , RMRC and the ICMR (Dibrugarh), state epidemiologist Dr L Jampa said in a press release on Saturday.The health department is engaged in close monitoring and surveillance of dengue infection across the state after the epidemic was reported from various parts of East Siang district in the beginning of August.Dengue cases have also been reported from Papum Pare, West Siang and Upper Siang districts. Dengue fever typically causes headache , muscle and joint pain, pain behind the eyeballs and rash. It is transmitted by the female Aedes mosquito, also called 'tiger mosquito' because of the stripes on its body.Aedes mosquito normally bites during the day. It breeds in stagnant water. The infection can be significantly controlled and even prevented by emptying out and cleaning artificial reservoirs every week, Dr Jampa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896871", "title": "Agencies spar over pruning of tress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The municipal corporations and the city's forest department have locked horns over tree pruning, putting at risk the pruning action plan which the corporations are to implement across the capital.Senior corporation officials said that under the plan, they would undertake light pruning of trees and shrubs, especially those blocking streetlights or signboards. \"We are not required to take permission from the forest department for light pruning that entails trimming and cutting of very small branches. This work has traditionally been undertaken by the civic agencies without need for any clearance. We have already identified areas where light pruning needs to be done and have put up dates for the specific areas up on the website for each zone,\" said an official.The forest department, however, clearly disputed this claim. \"The law states that for any work of cutting or pruning, whether heavy or light, a person needs permission from the forest department. No distinction has been made between heavy and light pruning in the law so the civic agencies, if these are carrying out any such work without informing us, are in violation of the Delhi Preservation of Trees Act, 1994. Their action plan cannot supersede law that makes it invalid,\" said A K Shukla, chief conservator of forests.Sources said the civic agencies had always undertaken light pruning without the forest department's permission, a fact the forest department has been aware of but due to a severe staff shortage has neither been able to carry out inspection or take action against offenders.With winter approaching and Delhiites feeling the sudden need for sunlight, the city has gone on an overdrive to 'prune' trees. At Sarvodaya Enclave, the residents welfare association issued a circular recently, asking people to park their cars indoor as the horticulture department of the corporations would be pruning all 700-plus trees in the colony. Their circular reads that it would take \"10-15 working days to complete the task\" though civic agency officials said only light pruning is to take place and not of all trees. The forest department denies having received any request for work in the colony.\"Trees have not been pruned for the past 20 years and are posing a lot of problem. A lot of streetlights are completely hidden. We have no intention of harming trees but trees need to be pruned. Winter is approaching and several residents, including elderly people, need sunlight. It is not fair to deprive them of sunlight only to protect trees,\" said Ashok Butani, the RWA president.In the nearby CR Park, several trees have been \"pruned\" to completely remove their green cover. \"Pruning is a technical work and has to be supervised by someone who understands trees. It is not as simple as just cutting off a few branches. Need for sunlight is not a valid reason for pruning. Only if the trees are posing a danger to life or property or might damage public property can they be pruned. We will have to look into these cases and request residents to keep a watch on unauthorized pruning and inform the forest department if they see something,\" said a forest department official.\"The civic agencies have been dragging their feet on the issue of de-tiling around trees which should be done as per a high court order but pruning seems to be big on their agenda,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16897083", "title": "Malabar\u2019s first bank completes 150 years", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode main branch of the State Bank of India, the first bank in Malabar region, is celebrating its 150th anniversary. The branch at Mananchira was established in 1863, after 61 years of British rule in Malabar. The Bank of Madras was established in 1843 to facilitate the financial administration of the Madras Presidency.Presidency banks were established at Nagappattanam, Tuticorin, Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Alappuzha, Kozhikode, Thalassery, Kannur and Mangalore. The Kozhikode branch was the second of the Madras Presidency Banks.The initial clients included mostly plantations in Wayanad and later British companies such as Pierce Leslie, Aspinwal, Volkart Brothers, Parry and Company and Harrison and Cross Field, which established small factories in Kozhikode.After the Swadeshi movement affected the business of the Presidency banks, all the three banks in the country were amalgamated and the Imperial Bank of India was formed in 1921. The Imperial Bank was nationalized in 1955 to form State Bank of India. The branch building came up in 1913. Branch chief manager K Babu said they were celebrating the involvement of the bank in the evolution of the economy of Malabar region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16896884", "title": "Thai monk Chapchai Nirat finds peace in golf", "text": "BANGALORE: A prodigious talent as a teenager, it took a while for Chapchai Nirat to make his mark.Nicknamed 'King Kong' for his big hitting, the Thai, who is in the reckoning to land the Indian Open riches on Sunday, had turned pro when just 15.Although success was hard to come by, the teenager kept plugging away. It was not until he conquered the inner demons did he begin to taste success.In 2007, Nirat went to a monastery for three weeks, mainly to help himself to become a better golfer. Soon, he returned a different man.Having found inner peace and more in control of his emotions on the course, success came thick and fast. He won two titles the same year to announce his arrival on the big stage.Nirat didn't win again till 2009. But that victory at SAIL Open in Gurgaon, his third Asian Tour title, was memorable as he notched a world record four-day total of 32-under 256.Nirat revealed that his love for good food was the main reason he went to a monastery.\"I used to feel hungry and eat a lot because of which I put on a lot of weight,\" Nirat said after his two-under 69 in the third round here on Saturday.\"I used to weigh 91kg at one point. I didn't know how to curb my weight and went for meditation classes. After the course I was able to control my eating habits and lost 10-kgs in one year.\" Initiated early into the sport by his father, Nirat said he turned pro early because he wanted to make a living out of playing golf. When reminded that he has not won since the SAIL Open, Nirat said: \"I'm playing well and I hope to win the Indian Open.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16895747", "title": "Digvijaya Singh challenges Kejriwal to come clean on his NGO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Saturday shot off 27 questions to Arvind Kejriwal , seeking to question his record as elite bureaucrat and civil society activist, a move designed to deter the anti-graft campaigner who has rattled the ruling camp with his exposes.Singh asked if Kejriwal would hold himself to the standards he has demanded of Union law minister Salman Khurshid and retire from public life if his staff or colleagues in India Against Corruption (IAC) were found involved in irregularities. IAC recently ran a high-pitched campaign against Khurshid, demanding his resignation from government over allegations of irregularities against his NGO.Singh asked, \"If any of your staff or colleagues in IAC are found to have been involved in irregularity, will you be willing to take the responsibility as a leader, resign from IAC and give up public life?\"The query seems encouraged by reports questioning the business deals of IAC's Mumbai activists Anjali Damania and Mayank Gandhi that prompted Kejriwal to set up an in-house probe. Congress senses an opening now that BJP too has been forced to criticize IAC over accusations made against its chief Nitin Gadkari .Singh's missive comes amid hardening of Congress stance against Kejriwal since he accused Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra of misusing his political clout to further his business interests.On a sensational note, Singh asked Kejriwal about his relationship with US-based NGO Avaaz \"that has been funding civil disobedience movements in Libya , Tunisia, Egypt and Syria.\" He added, \"Is it a fact you had announced to lead a Tahrir Square like movement in Delhi?\"Rajya Sabha MP and AICC secretary Hanumantha Rao joined Singh in writing to Kejriwal, asking why was he selectively targeting big parties and ignoring corruption among bureaucrats and smaller parties.Kejriwal has been asked to explain why he never served outside the national Capital during his 20 years in service and if it held good for his wife who is a serving IRS officer.Singh has also inquired about the funding of three NGOs Kejriwal is associated with and about accusations of misappropriation made by his colleagues. He also questioned IAC's silence over Narendra Modi who had not appointed Lokpal during his 10 years in Gujarat and on BJP governments that have been accused of several scams.In his letter, Rao asked Kejriwal, \"Why only major parties, look at YSRC chief Jaganmohan Reddy who, using his father's clout, took thousands of acres of fertile land from weaker sections and gave it to corporates ... CBI filed a chargesheet saying the scam is worth Rs 43,000 crore. Why this soft corner for Jagan?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896882", "title": "Economic Offence Wing hunting in dark, yet to nail culprits in MGNREGS anomalies", "text": "LUCKNOW: Investigation into Dr Zakir Hussain Trust is not the only case in which the Economic Offence Wing is allegedly going slow. The investigation agency has also been sitting on a probe into the high profile irregularities in implementing the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. The probe, which was handed over to the agency over six months ago, has still not yielded any conclusive results, despite chief minister Akhilesh Yadav assuring Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh in March that 'action would be taken soon'.Senior state government officials said that UP government is sticking to its stand on conducting an EOW probe into the alleged anomalies, instead of the CBI inquiry, as demanded by the Centre. Speaking to TOI, director general, EOW, Suvrat Tripathi, said, \"So far, the EOW has recorded the statements of over 1,000 persons. Several documents have also been acquired and a vulnerable section of officers identified. All efforts are being made to get to the root of the problem.\"Complaints about the irregularities in the implementation of MGNREGS in UP came from different quarters. In 2009 and 2010, members of the Central Employment Guarantee Council found large-scale anomalies in the implementation of MGNREGS in several districts. State quality monitors found anomalies in Sonbhadra, Mirzapur, Kushinagar and Sant Kabirnagar, while national level monitors found irregularities in Chandauli, Ballia, Bulandshahr, Bahraich, Gorakhpur, Siddharthnagar, Chitrakoot, Mahamayanagar, Deoria, Jhansi, Kanpur, Ambedkarnagar, Shahjahanpur, Jalaun and Allahabad. Despite detailed reports and repeated reminders to the state government, however, the UP government acted against only a few junior level employees, while sparing senior level officials in most cases, alleged the Centre.Last year, New Delhi-based NGO, Centre for Environment and Food Security also filed a civil writ petition in the apex court against the Centre, seeking a CBI probe into the anomalies in MGNREGS. Parshuram Ray, founder director of CEFS surveyed nearly 800 households in Bundelkhand on the basis of which he wrote, \"We found that in the implementation of the MGNREGS in Bundelkhand, there has been guarantee of only corruption, unemployment , poverty, hunger and humiliation. Irregularities are the only regular feature of MGNREGS in Bundelkhand region of Uttar Pradesh.\"In response to the allegations made by founder director, CEFS, Parshuram Ray, the state government appointed five special investigation committees to do an on-spot verification of the situation.Following the special investigation and after meeting chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, Union minister Jairam Ramesh renewed his demand for a CBI probe into implementation of MGNREGS in UP. Stating that a CBI probe should be recommended in at least three districts of Gonda, Balrampur and Sonbhadra, where the largest fund misappropriation was unearthed, the minister also added that though it is difficult to ascertain how much of the Rs 6,500-7,000 crore spent in UP was misused, it is true that scams had taken place. \"In my view, an independent inquiry into the misuse of funds must be done. The state government has been promising a fair probe into the allegations for over one year now, but the move has yielded no results. Since many top level government officials are also involved in this scam, it is unlikely that the state government agency will be allowed to function independently,\" said Sanjay Dixit, member of All India Congress Committee and chairman NREGS Cell, UP Congress Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16896992", "title": "BHU\u2019s Sir Sunderlal Hospital resident doctors continue strike", "text": "VARANASI: Resident doctors of Sir Sunderlal Hospital of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) continued to be on strike for the second day on Saturday. It paralysed the functioning of the biggest hospital of east UP.The patients already admitted were being attended by senior doctors but the new patients remained deprived of the benefits of the health facilities.Junior doctors left the intensive care units, critical care unit and labour room duties in response to the call given by Resident Doctors Association (RDA) in order to pressurise BHU authorities to consider their 13-point demands.The resident doctors went on strike on Friday in protest against attack on junior doctor Rahul Singh by miscreants, when he had gone to a market in Lanka. These miscreants had accompanied a girl of faculty of arts when she had come for treatment at the hospital recently. Some dispute had taken between Rahul and them at blood sample collection unit after which they warned him to teach a lesson.Initially, the resident doctors had paralysed the functioning of OPD, emergency and surgery wards. On Saturday, they decided to boycott the ICU, CCU and labour room duties, RDA president Sarvindar Singh Chawla said. He said that the resident doctors tied black bands on the hands of senior doctors to seek support. A large number of medicos staged a sit-in at the hospital. Chawla said that until their demands, including punishment to accused in the attack on the resident doctor, increasing security at hospital, functioning of health centers for BHU staff and students round-the-clock and entry of students in SSL Hospital only after being referred by the doctors of such centers are met, they would continue the strike.The appeal of BHU administration to call off the strike and return to work on humanitarian ground also failed to yield result. Director of the Institute of Medical Science TM Mohapatra said that only senior doctors were present in the hospital. Talks with agitating resident doctors were continuing.The Lanka police said that one assailant Ektam Deo Singh, a student, who had been suspended by the BHU authorities, had been arrested on Friday.The station officer said that he had unconfirmed reports that two other accused had surrendered before the court on Saturday. The police were trying to confirm this report. If they fail to surrender, the two would be arrested. Raids are being conducted to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896847", "title": "As Connaught Place\u2019s renovated blocks rot, traders begin clean-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: With New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) unable to maintain the recently renovated blocks in Connaught Place, traders have decided to take charge of sanitation and maintenance of the area.On Saturday, New Delhi Traders Association (NDTA), along with an NGO \u2014 I Love My City \u2014 carried out a sanitation drive in Connaught Place. \"The walls had paan stains. Though NDMC has spent a lot of money on the renovation of CP, it hasn't been able to maintain the area. It is high time that we take responsibility for our market, especially during the festive season,\" said Atul Bhargava, president of NDTA.The traders, along with members of the NGO, painted walls and cleaned C Block and the surrounding area. The corners were painted white and a placard reading 'don't spit here' was put up. The NGO members claim that they applied the same paint that was used by the government agency during renovation. \"CP is an important market. It gets a large number of foreign visitors every year. Despite crores having been spent on its renovation, the market is still dirty. We have to make an effort to change this,\" said PP Singh, founder of I Love My City.The traders' association is planning to take up the maintenance and sanitation issue with Engineers India Limited, which is responsible for the redevelopment work. \"In case they refuse, we will do it ourselves. We have been asking the civic agency to hire a private agency for the maintenance of the area. Moreover, there are at least 2,000 establishments in the area and each pays a huge amount as licence fee. The least we can expect is a well-kept market,\" said Bhargava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897572", "title": "Kejriwal rubbishes Digvijaya's NAC claims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rubbishing Congress leader Digvijaya Singh's claim that he had lobbied for an entry into Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council (NAC), Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said he never wanted a seat in the panel that has no powers.\"I have never approached anyone for NAC. This is totally false. I never had any desire for being a member of NAC. I never had an interest in NAC.\"What power does NAC has? What social service it does? Only thing is that one gets to sit and have tea with Sonia Gandhi and that does not interest me,\" Kejriwal said, adding Congress has \"panicked\" and is using its \"last weapon\" on him.His response came when asked about Singh's claims that he along with Swami Agnivesh had met him for help in getting into NAC in 2005-06.Agnivesh, however, claimed to have forgotten the episode. \"The issue which Singh raised happened in 2005-06. Time has passed. I don't remember whether I met him with Kejriwal or not,\" Agnivesh was quoted as saying by a news agency.In a letter to Kejriwal, Singh has described the activist as a \"self-serving ambitious megalomaniac\" having \"streak\" of Hitler in him. Singh alleged that Kejriwal wanted him to recommend his name for being made a NAC member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897065", "title": "Housewife commits suicide in Bidhnoo", "text": "KANPUR: A 25-year-old housewife allegedly committed suicide at Bidhnoo town on Saturday. Police said Soni, wife of Ajeet Pasi, committed suicide at her parents' house hanging from the ceiling. Soni had come to her parents' house at Bidhnoo a few days ago. Her parents claimed she went inside the room and locked it from inside. Later, when they saw through the window, Soni's body was hanging from the ceiling. They apprised locals, who informed the Bidhnoo police. The cause of suicide is not known and cops are investigating the case.Thief arrested: Police arrested a thief from Barra area here on Saturday. The accused identified as Pinku, son of Narain Singh of Barra, has later been sent to jail. Earlier, police recovered stolen items from his hideout on the basis of information provided by him. Police also arrested Vinod and recovered 260 gm of smack from his possession here on Saturday. He was booked under the Narcotic Drugs &amp; Psychotropic Substance ( NDPS) act and sent to jail.Police Commemoration Day: The district police will observe the police commemoration day on the police memorial site of District Reserve Police Lines premises here on Sunday. The day is observed across India in memory of brave Central Reserve Police Force jawans who laid down down their lives fighting Chinese insurgency in Ladakh.\"On October 21, 1959, CRPF jawans were attacked by the Chinese Army at Hot Springs in Ladakh resulting in casualties. The survivors were imprisoned. Since then, October 21 is observed as Police Commemoration day,\" informed DIG Amitabh Yash on Saturday. A parade will also be oragnised at 8 am to mark the occasion and pay rich tributes to police personnel who laid down their lives while on duty during the past one year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16891138", "title": "Had a \u2018backacial\u2019 for Navratri?", "text": "With dandiya on and people wanting to show off their low-cut outfits, the 'back facial' is in huge demand now. Here's more on it ...The nine nights of revelry are on and in addition to the fervour and funky outfits, women are also queuing up for a beauty regimen that's the hot-seller of the moment. With backless cholis and low-cut dandiya dresses doing the rounds, it becomes important to show off a clean and glowing back, and this can be done via a wellness regime. Called the 'backacial', it's the exfoliating-skin refreshing treatment, adapted from the face, that's being snapped up by revellers. \"The backacial, which involves back polishing among other things, is extremely popular right now,\" affirms aesthetic dermatologist Dr Nishita Sheth, adding, \"Lots of women want the chance to show off those midriff-revealing lehengas and so, looking good becomes imperative.\"Gets rid of acne on the backIt's basically a treatment that utilises many of the techniques used in skin treatments for the face. \"These treatments are meant to clarify and soften the skin of the back while providing a deep moisturising treatment to result in a healthy, glowing back,\" explains cosmetic surgeon Dr Milind Doshi. Skin expert Nisha Jhaveri says the backacial is not just for aesthetic value, but also crucial for an otherwise largely ignored part of the body. \"How many of us actually use a body brush each day?\" she asks. \"The back is often forgotten and due to this, sweat and dirt get accumulated there, leading to bacteria. Very often, people develop acne on the back and if this is ignored, the pores go on to become infected. It's very important to use cleansing processes on the back and during Navratri, this becomes even more vital as people wear outfits that expose the back. A blemish-free back also speaks of a healthy and caring attitude towards yourself.\"Step-by-step ...To start, you need to cleanse the back, then use a toner on it. This is followed by steam and exfoliation, which aims to remove dead cells and cleanses pores. \"You can exfoliate with a body scrub \u2014 walnut, choco-almond or even a herbal mix . The diamond back polish that removes surface tan is also in great demand. The next step is extraction, which is also important because people develop a lot of blackheads and whiteheads and these must be removed,\" explains Nisha. Post this, the therapist does a relaxing massage with an oil or cream. \"A lavender-chamomile blend works well. If you want a muscle relaxant, use rosemary and thyme. What's also trendy is to use warm candle oil. Finally, moisturiser is applied on the back,\" she says.Using a peelA chemical peel can also be used as part of the process to remove acne. Says Dr Doshi, \"It's a 30-minute session and the peel works on the mechanism of removing superficial layers of dead skin cells which form over the skin and leads to a new, healthy one. The procedure uses a combination of facial peels. There are peels for controlling oiliness in case of pimple control as well as controlling the melanin production in case of deep pigment reduction.\"No-NosWhile backacials are popular, Dr Sheth warns about undergoing too many of them. \"I'd say not more more than three treatments in 10 days. \"If you have post acne pigmentation, then you may need upto eight treatments. And for young girls of 14-15 years, just a clean-up should be done,\" she cautions.Home remediesThe backacial can be easily done at home. Dr Doshi advises using papaya, as it contains a natural enzyme that gently exfoliates and moisturises the skin, making it apt as a body polish for those with dry or sensitive skin.Dermatologist Dr KE Mukadam also presents a few home-made remedies for back exfoliation:For a glow : Take a mixture of sea salt (for scrubbing) and baking soda (for polishing), apply it gently. Wash it off and follow this with a sunscreen to get a polished and shiny back.- Take one teaspoon sugar, one teaspoon olive oil, one teaspoon glycerin and a few drops of patchouli oil and massage your back with this gently. Wash it off and follow with sunscreen.- Paste made of one teaspoon gram flour, one teaspoon moong dal, raw milk and a few drops of patchouli oil to get a glowing back.Also try these combinations at home :For back polish : An exfoliation can be done using salt, sugar, coffee grounds, rice bran, almonds, sandal, haldi, oat-meal, multani mitti.For scrub : Use a mix of oats and honey, sandal, jojoba oil, olive or coconut oil, and fruits.To rejuvenate skin : Fresh fruit pack with multani mitti.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16896226", "title": "Gold for puja, bronze for protection", "text": "CUTTACK: As usual, the Millennium City is hosting a dazzling puja with deities donning gold ornaments in the backdrop of silver tableaux. Out of the total 155 puja committees in the city, at least 15 puja organisers decorate the deities in gold and silver worth crores of rupees, attracting lakhs of people from across the state. But surprisingly, none of the puja committees have bothered to insure either the pandals or the deities even though the average budget for the puja committees in the city is almost Rs 12 lakh.Festivals like Cuttack's Bali Yatra and Puri's Rath Yatra, which attract a huge congregation of people, are insured every year for crores of rupees by the administration, but the Millennium City seems to be oblivious to the need to insure Durga Puja, which attracts over 10 lakh people every evening from Sashti to Dashami.\"We have never thought of insuring our pandal. But maybe it is time to think about it now,\" said Prafulla Sahoo, secretary of Khannagar puja committee. The puja committee put up a silvery backdrop for the deity in 2010 with 3.5 quintals of silver.Majority of puja committees in the city feel they do not need an insurance cover for their pandals. \"We have taken enough precautions to ensure the safety of the pandals. CCTV cameras have been installed, private security guards have been deployed and police have made elaborate arrangements to ensure the security of the revelers and the property of our pandals,\" said Habu Singh, joint secretary of Chandini Chowk puja committee. \"With the blessing of goddess Durga no untoward incident has ever happened in the city during Dussehra and we are hopeful that the festival will pass off peacefully this year too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897367", "title": "I feel like I was never away, says Kimi Raikkonen", "text": "Three years away from Formula One, but it seems as if Kimi Raikkonen never left F1. Those crisp one-liners and the brilliance behind the wheel - he has lost none of it.The 'Iceman' is the one of two drivers - the other being Red Bull's Mark Webber - who hasn't got a DNF (Did Not Finish) to his name this season. And more importantly, Kimi has quietly crept up to third in the drivers' standing, and looks quite well entrenched in that spot.So, has F1 changed in any way during the time he was away? The Lotus driver doesn't think much has changed.\"I didn't race for two seasons. Of course, there are some people in different uniforms, but you get that every year anyway! There are some additional buttons on the steering wheel, but that's it. It was like I was never away,\" Kimi told TOI, ahead of next Sunday's Airtel Indian Grand Prix.The Finn brought home his Lotus in fifth place to notch up another fine result at last week's Korean Grand Prix as his closest competitor, Lewis Hamilton of McLaren, struggled throughout the race.\"I think fifth was about where we should have been. There were a couple of times where we were in a position to make up some places and, for different reasons, were not able to, but even so we didn't quite have the speed to match the Red Bulls and Ferraris.I was pretty much on my own at the end of the race but we had to keep pushing to maintain position and it wasn't so easy. I wouldn't say it was a fantastic race but at the end of the day we still picked up points for the championship, so it wasn't too bad,\" the 2007 world champion analysed.Kimi might appear to be a laidback bloke in the paddock, but once he gets behind the wheel his champion instincts are at their peak. Does he still aspire hopes of another title?\"There's no point talking about the title until it's been won. The gap to Sebastian (Vettel) is quite big now, so it will be very difficult to catch him, but we'll keep pushing all the way,\" the 33-year-old said.The former Ferrari and McLaren driver is an avid snowboarder and ice hockey player. In fact, ahead of his championship-winning season in 2007, instead of testing with Ferrari, he was off racing a snowmobile in Finland !The Buddh International Circuit (BIC) will be new territory for Kimi, but he's not at all perturbed.\"The best preparation for the race is getting out on track during the practice sessions. Some drivers like to use Playstation or simulators; I prefer to drive. So far I've learnt tracks after a few laps in FP1 (Free Practice) on Fridays. I didn't have any problems learning the Yeongam circuit that way, and I don't expect to have any issues here either,\" he said.On India as an F1 destination, he said: \"India seems like an interesting place. I've never been there before, but I have visited Indian restaurants in many countries. I'm a big fan of Indian food.Indian ConnectIndia has its own F1 team in Sahara Force India. We have our own F1 driver in Narain Karthikeyan. But few know about Indian F1 officials.Nazir Hossein was the former vice-president of the sport's governing body FIA and also the chief steward of F1 and World Rally Championship races through the late 90s till 2007.After him, who holds a FIA Stewards Super Licence, became India's second steward-in-action at the 2011 German Grand Prix in Hockenheim. Before that, he had served as a 'trainee' steward at the 2009 Abu Dhabi and Singapore Grand Prix to hone his skills.Team WatchMCLARENAmong the oldest teams in F1, McLaren are second behind Ferrari in terms of race victories (175) and pole positions (147). The period between 1984 and 1991 were their best years, when they took seven drivers' and six constructors' titles. Hamilton got them their last world title in 2008.Base: Woking, UKTeam Principal: Martin WhitmarshTechnical Chief: Paddy LoweDrivers: Jenson Button , Lewis HamiltonFirst Season: 19662012 Report Card: Have had a rollercoaster ride so far, thanks to their tyre gamble often going wrong. Began with a win in the season-opener in Australia, but despite having the fastest cars on the grid, struggled in the later part of the season. They currently lie third in constructors' table, behind arch-rivals Ferrari.MARUSSIAVirgin was renamed Marussia in 2012, after the Russian sportscar makers who are now the major shareholders. The first team to present a digitally designed car in their debut year in 2010, they are yet to score a point in their three years in F1 so far and still lie in the bottom of the heap.Base: Banbury, UKTeam Principal: John BoothTechnical Chief: Pat SymondsDrivers: Timo Glock , Charles PicFirst Season: 20102012 Report Card: Lack of pace has been their biggest bane. A 12th-place finish by experienced German at the Singapore GP has been their best of the season so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895694", "title": "Air India invites bids to lease out office space", "text": "MUMBAI: Air India (AI) has started the process of leasing out around 1.59 lakh sq ft of space at its iconic headquarters in Nariman Point. The airline had last week announced that it would move its headquarters to Delhi from Mumbai.On Friday, AI invited bids to lease out12 of its 23 floors in the sea-facing tower with November 3 being the last date for submission of interest. Each applicant will have to pay an earnest money deposit of a minimum of Rs 50 lakh per floor subject to a maximum of Rs 1 crore.The airline has said preference will be given to those who intend to occupy more number of vacant floors. It has also said higher floors will attract a floor price rise of Rs 5 per sq ft in addition to an increase in lease rent by 10% every year. The bid document says the firm will consider only large corporate, government organizations, public sector undertakings, nationalized and international banks, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16895844", "title": "\u2018Bihar BJP leaders will campaign in Gujarat\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Saturday said its prominent leaders from Bihar will campaign in poll-bound Gujarat, rejecting reports that chief minister Narendra Modi had asked party leaders from the eastern state to stay away from electioneering there.\"These reports are baseless. Narendra Modi has not said anywhere asking Bihar leaders not to come to Gujarat. A large number of people from Bihar are residing in Gujarat and also campaigning for the BJP in the state. Our leaders from Bihar will also campaign there,\" party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said.Playing down the issue, she said people from Bihar have contributed to the development of Gujarat. \"Chief minister Narendra Modi has held rallies of people of Bihar origin, for instance in Surat in May this year, where he honoured many of them residing in Gujarat for their contribution,\" she said.Incidentally, in its list of star campaigners for Gujarat elections provided to the Election Commission, the BJP has neither listed any of its prominent Muslim faces nor any leader from Bihar where it shares power with ally JD-U.Sitharaman said the first open invitation to all BJP leaders came from Modi himself during the CM's conclave and at the BJP national executive meeting at Surajkund, Haryana, where he invited everyone to campaign.\"If there is any misgiving about it, then please remove it. We are certainly having most leaders from here (to campaign in Gujarat),\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16896946", "title": "Cusat bags project for underwater sound study", "text": "KOCHI: The ministry of earth sciences has sanctioned a project--'Sonic characterization of marine species' with Cochin University as the nodal agency and IIT Delhi &amp; CMLRE Kochi as participating agencies for a period of five years.The total cost of the project is Rs 3.5 crore of which Cusat will get Rs 2.64 crores and IIT Delhi Rs 86 lakh.The project will be implemented in the Centre for Ocean Electronics (CUCENTOL) under the department of electronics, Cusat under the principal investigatorship of Dr P R S Pillai with Dr Supriya M H as the co-investigator.The project involves studying noises under the ocean, fisheries and defence applications.This will further help scientists identify the sonic characteristics of marine species and design certain exclusive devices like pingers to keep certain species like the cetaceans away from fishing gears.This data base of different marine species will help delineate the biological noise from the strategically important noise emanations under the ocean.CMLRE will act as the national nodal data archive centre as well as the agency for disseminating the bioacoustic data and software developed in the project to all user agencies in the country, such as national laboratories, DRDO, and NRB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16897255", "title": "Drip irrigation helps Dindigul farmer reap bumper harvest", "text": "MADURAI: A farmer in Dindigul says he has achieved a bumper harvest by reaping an additional tonne of maize per acre, by adopting the drip irrigation system.Chinnasamy, of Semmadaipatti in Reddiyarchathiram is a happy man as he has made a profit even after investing a lesser amount. Chinnasamy's farm lies in a dry and drought-prone region and he feels that drip irrigation is the answer to their problems. \"Most of us here have been using drip irrigation for various horticultural crops, like gooseberry and pomegranate, but I was the first to try it on corn in Reddiyarchathiram union,\" he says.Usually, drip irrigation is successful in crops where the plants are spaced apart at a distance of five to 10 feet. In the case of maize, the plants are seen close to one another and Chinnasamy had approached the department of agriculture, seeking subsidy for setting up a drip irrigation system in his farm. His success in reaping a good harvest this year has set an example for others in the region.Chinnasamy says that he was able to use the water meant for irrigation in one acre in an additional one and a half acres using the drip irrigation system. According to agriculture officials, Chinnasamy has been able to reap four tonnes of maize this year against three tonnes last year. Joint director for agriculture, Dindigul N T Sampathkumar and other officers visited the farm on Friday and inspected it. Farmers in the area were also advised to add specific nutrients as some plants showed signs of needing additional iron supplements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16895461", "title": "CM to inaugurate Shri Babu jayanti in Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will inaugurate the Shri Krishna Sinha Jayanti celebrations at Khudiram Bose Stadium here on Sunday. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi will be the chief guest on the occasion.Giving this information to newsmen on Saturday, local BJP MLA Suresh Sharma said the first chief minister of Bihar, Shri Krishna Sinha also known as Shri Babu had unveiled the historic statue of martyr Khudiram Bose here on December 12, 1949, and it was in that context that the venue of the celebrations had been selected.A number of ministers including Nand Kishore Yadav, Vijay Kumar Chaudhary, P K Shahi, Ramai Ram, Brishin Patel, Janardan Singh Sigriwal, Sunil Kumar Pintu and MPs like Bhola Singh, Capt Jainarain Nishad and Anil Sahni besides all MLAs and MLCs of the district would also be present on the occasion, Sharma added.An all-party programme has been prepared for the year 2012-13 for observing a number of cultural and development programmes as part of Shri Babu jayanti year, in which leaders of all parties of the state would participate, he said.The MLA informed that Muzaffarpur administration has received Rs 48 crore for the renovation of Shahid Khudiram Bose football ground and stadium on specific direction of the chief minister.Besides, the district has received Rs 200 crore from the state government for improving sewerage of the town.That apart, Rs 150 crore has been received for construction of five important roads of the town.The MLA said that the CM has also sanctioned the repair and construction of 16 roads of the town and its surroundings which had so far remained neglected .An all-party programme has been prepared for observing a number of programmes as part of Shri Babu jayanti year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897699", "title": "Climbing peaks is all about will power and luck: Capt Smitha", "text": "Bangalore native Capt Smitha Lakshman, 25, currently with the Indian Army, is the first woman from Karnataka to conquer Mount Everest. STOI caught up with Capt Smitha, who shared her experiences atop the world's highest peak.Why did you opt for the Army?During my final year computer engineering course at Dayanand Sagar college, I attended an Army seminar. The idea of serving the nation and the uniform inspired me. I was placed with a top IT firm when I finally decided to opt for an Army career and joined its ranks.How did you become part of the Mount Everest expedition?A senior informed me that selections were on for the expedition. I had no experience climbing mountains or extreme cold. But I was physically fit and keen on adventure. After getting through training in Siachen, I was among 26 people selected from 659 participants. We had another camp near Manali, where I was among the 22 selected for the final expedition.How many days did it take to reach the summit and back?We started trekking from Jari, near Kathmandu, with a team of 22 members apart from sherpas, and trekked for 17 days to the base camp 17,000 feet above sea level. Our expedition was later divided into three phases - acclimatization, rest and climbing. While the first lasted 20 days, we rested for 10 days. We had four camps en route to the summit - at 19,000 ft, 21,000 ft, 23,000 ft and 26,000 ft. From the base camp, it took us about 40 days to reach the summit and get back.Why did it take such a long time?We had to abort our first attempt due to extreme weather. We waited for the right conditions. We made frequent trips in between different camps. Finally, we learnt that May 24 night was apt to scale the summit. So we left for the summit and reached the peak around 4am of May 25.What were the main challenges?Our body deteriorates at high altitude. We survived on Maggi and ready-to-eat food. Also, most treks were done during the night and early morning, as snow melts during the day, making it unstable to climb. I developed lung infection but fortunately, overcame it.What's it like on top of the world?I couldn't believe I'd finally made it. It was nice to see the rest of the world below me. We were on the summit for about 20 minutes, and it was one of the greatest times of my life.What's the secret to the success of mountaineers scaling top peaks?Mountaineers need maximum will power and luck. On my way to the summit, I saw several bodies of climbers of a different team. They had decided to take their chances while we had refused to do so.What next?I would like to scale peaks which despite being lower than the Everest, are more difficult to climb. There are 13 other peaks more than 8,000 metres high, and they are on my wish list. I love adventure sports like sky diving. I want to upgrade my technical knowledge and become an expert in mountaineering.From Bangalore to Everest, how has the journey been?I come from a middle-class family. My father retired from the government printing department. I did my schooling in Vijaya Junior School, Jayanagar. I was always interested in fitness and adventure. Currently, I am stationed at an Army base in North India. I can say that I'm following my dreams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896395", "title": "Teacher vacancies to be filled", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Saturday said it would fill all the vacancies of teachers in government schools soon following instructions from chief minister J Jayalalithaa. An official release said that on October 15, 1,080 PG teachers were appointed online and on October 10, 184 graduate teachers were recruited. Likewise, on October 15, as many as 143 high school headmaster positions were filled.In addition steps were being taken to fill 445 higher secondary school head master posts. Measures were also taken to give promotion to teachers. The release further said that to benefit the candidates, who have applied for teachers' posts, counselling would be conducted in their respective districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897529", "title": "'Nothing surprising in crusaders drawing crowds'", "text": "The support that an Arvind Kejriwal is attracting, people flocking to Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev in recent times indicate that people are looking for viable political alternatives, says Republican leader Prakash Ambedkar. He finds that established leaders, parties and, also, caste and religion as issues are fast becoming irrelevant. As Deekshabhoomi, where his grandfather Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar embraced Buddhism several decades ago, gears up to celebrate Dhamma Chakra Din, the chief of the Bharatiya Republican Party Bahujan Mahasangh spoke exclusively to TOI.Excerpts from an interview...Q. As a political thinker where do you think the country's political discourse is heading with every party and its leaders' character being doubted?A. There is no doubt that all established political leaders and major political parties are under a cloud with enough evidence surfacing that they are in cohorts and working towards personal agendas that may be clashing with the interests of the country and its people. The situation has now become more precarious with the country's oldest political party - the Congress - going deeper into the morass. Sonia Gandhi may have succeeded in maintaining her clean image. But you can't say the same about her next generation. For a party that survives on dynastic rule, this is a disaster.Q. From which quarters do you think a viable alternative will emerge?A. With established parties fast losing credibility, people are looking forward to alternatives. So it's hardly surprising that crusaders Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev, and even Arvind Kejriwal are drawing the crowds. The young generation is rooting for development and economic growth and has no time for politics of religion and caste. Only those parties or new groups that come out clearly on electoral reforms (with no scope for money power), ending the vicious cycle of corruption and accountability (punishment for the corrupt politicians and bureaucrats) would stand a chance to rule in future.Q. Do you see the youth taking any political initiative?A. Sadly, the youth are totally disillusioned and are staying away. More dangerously, some non-government organizations and groups, which are fighting for social causes but have strong political views, are being branded as Naxalites and persecuted. The action taken by the government on activists of Kabir Kala Manch is one such recent instance. There are some 10 to 12 groups that are being targeted by the state. I am trying to take up their cases and bring them together in Mumbai next month. Such intolerance to a political thought that challenges established order is unpardonable.Q. Can a third front emerge?A. Such new groups and the young generation are the only hope. With non-Congress and non-BJP leaders like Mulayam Singh, Nitish Kumar, Sharad Yadav or Chandrababu Naidu, all of who are in the race for prime ministership and trying to pull each other down, a new axis with Mamata Banerjee, Jayalalithaa and Naveen Patnaik may be instrumental in giving the third front a new push.Q. Where does the Republican thought of Ambedkar fit into all this?A. The Republican voter needs to end dependence on the Congress party. I will not go with the Congress which is reluctant to give us two Lok Sabha seats to contest. In fact, I am game to go with new emerging alternatives if people like Hazare, Ramdev and Kejriwal come together. In any case, there is no hope for all Republican factions uniting again.Q. You have been working on the Lavasa case for some time now. Is there any progress?A. The matter is in court and a crucial hearing is scheduled on October 23. I am hopeful on that date the special status given to Lavasa will be scrapped. Lavasa is another classic example of our politicians working in cohorts. The BJP's Pune leader may be opposing it but its national leaders are supporting Sharad Pawar and looking the other way instead of stopping the loot of natural resources by a private party that is developing a private hill resort for the elite few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16895403", "title": "Telangana mantris' no-show in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress ministers from Telangana have failed to put up a united show in the national capital in their bid to prod the party leadership into taking a decision on the separate statehood issue. Whereas the region boasts of as many as 14 ministers, only five of them turned up in Delhi with one of them, however, returning to Hyderabad even before an appointment could be fixed with senior party leaders.The ministers who are under pressure from the Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC), which is demanding their resignation from the state cabinet, are at present a divided lot. Spurred into action by the threat from T-JAC, 10 Telangana ministers had last Monday presented a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his visit to Hyderabad to attend the CoP-11 global biodiversity summit.However, only four ministers were present in Delhi on Saturday when the group met Vayalar Ravi , AICC's special observer for Andhra Pradesh , and Ghulam Nabi Azad , the party's in-charge for AP affairs. In fact, the fifth member, IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah, left for Hyderabad on Saturday morning citing some urgent work back home. The remaining four - K Jana Reddy, Basavaraju Saraiah, A Sudarshan Reddy, D Sridhar Babu - met the two central leaders as well as defence minister AK Antony on Saturday. However, they refused to divulge details of the meetings to the media.The compelling reason behind the ministers' trip to Delhi is the bold anti-Telangana statements from Vayalar Ravi, Azad and Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde . These Union ministers have all unequivocally stated that a decision on Telangana was not possible till a consensus had been reached on the matter. And, they have all indicated that an all-party meeting was not on the cards at this juncture.Worried that statements of such nature would endanger their lives, the Telanagana ministers wanted to meet the leadership in Delhi to apprise them of the situation. But their attempt was thwarted by their colleague and AP information and public relations minister DK Aruna who led a separate delegation from her native Mahbubnagar district. Thereafter, however, other ministers have shown little interest in making that trip to Delhi. Sources said that the ministers were banking on Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy to get them an audience with the Prime Minister and party president Sonia Gandhi on either the coming Monday or Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16897179", "title": "CBI looking for 'elusive' police officer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after CBI arrested SP (city) Desh Raj Singh in a graft case, complainant SHO Anokh Singh and additional SP Shiv Charan, whose name cropped up during the probe, proceeded on leave.The CBI, which is probing Charan's role along with a few others, meanwhile issued summons to him. In its notice sent through SSP Chandigarh, the agency asked him to appear before the investigating officers on Sunday at 9am. The notice was received at the SSP office on Saturday.Charan holds two departmental inquiries against Anokh and his name figured in the recorded conversation between Desh Raj and the complainant. Investigation officers claim Desh Raj was accepting bribe from the SHO, while promising to twist the statement in Anokh's favour in one of the probes being handled by Charan.Even as the two officers proceeded on leave, senior UT police officers claimed on Saturday they were taken by surprise by their move.SSP (UT) Naunihal Singh said, \"SHO Anokh Singh has sent an SMS on my cellphone informing that he is on two-day leave due to some personal reasons. His leave request has been accepted.\"SP R S Ghuman, who is the immediate superior of Shiv Charan, claimed he was yet to receive any information from the ASP.Agency tried to contact ASPDesh Raj was arrested for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from SHO Anokh Singh at his Sector 23 residence on October 18.CBI sources said the agency repeatedly tried to contact Shiv Charan and made around six calls to him on Saturday. When finally contacted, he reportedly told the agency that he would join the probe and give his statement only if the agency sent him summons. Shiv Charan is a Haryana cadre police officer and joined Chandigarh police four months ago when he was given the charge of Indian Reserve Battalion.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said ASP Shiv Charan was being contacted for recording his statement but he replied that he was on leave.CBI had obtained Desh Raj's two-day police custody while claiming that the role of more police officials was to be probed as name of Shiv Charan had figured in the recorded conversation.Produced in court todayIPS officer Desh Raj, who was sent to two-day police custody on Friday, would be produced in district courts on Sunday. CBI officials did not disclose if they would press for his police custody. Investigators froze Desh Raj's salary account at Axis Bank . Meanwhile, the charge of police station Sector 26 was given to inspector Saim Singh. Senior officials said it was being done temporarily.'Recorded version can be used to SP's advantage'The CBI complainant, Anokh Singh, had started recording the calls of superintendent of police Desh Raj Singh since October 5.Anokh had also recorded what Desh Raj said when he visited him in his office at police headquarters, Sector 9, on October 12 and demanded Rs 2 lakh.According to the detailed FIR, a copy of which is with TOI, when Anokh Singh was summoned by Desh Raj to his house on October 5, the latter told him that he was in need of money.The recorded version of Desh Raj saying, \"I am in need of money,\" could be given a twist to the SP's advantage, a legal expert said.On October 18, before going to Desh Raj's house, SHO Anokh had visited him in his office and had recorded a conversation between Desh Raj and himself in a digital voice recorder, given to him by the CBI, which he handed over to CBI sleuths.'Controversial decisions'IPS officer Desh Raj Singh took some \"controversial decisions.\" Sources said he took over the police probe against a leading medical store in Sector 15, from crime branch and investigation is still pending.Though two departmental inquiries were initiated against SHO Anokh Singh, he was allowed to continue as SHO of Sector-26 police station and not sent to police lines. \"In-charges of sectors' 17 and 22 police posts had met senior officers expressing their inability to work under Raj's supervision,\" sources said.SP's wife visits himTwo days after he was arrested in a graft case, SP (city) Desh Raj Singh has been spending sleepless nights in the lockup. Being served food from an eating joint near CBI Headquarters, Sector 30, Desh Raj has got the same mattress that was recently used by SI Naveen Sharma inside the CBI lockup.CBI sources said, \"He was silent when dinner was served and simply asked whether he could have homemade food. But the request was declined.\"Desh Raj was allowed to take a change of dress and a towel along with him when he was taken into CBI custody on October 18. Though he was allowed to walk in the open verandah, he hardly spent 15 minutes there and soon returned.His wife Neelam Singh was allowed to meet him in the afternoon for half-an-hour. A member of investigation team said, \"Desh Raj's wife was allowed to meet him following the instructions of CBI court, which remanded him in two-day police custody. Though Desh Raj did not demand newspapers for reading, he asked a guard what had appeared in them on Saturday.\"The accused was questioned thrice by two CBI officials, including SP (CBI) Vinnet Briljal, on Friday.A top CBI official said, \"Several hints indicating the proximity of SP Desh Raj with some senior officials have been found and we're trying to find more proof. Desh Raj was questioned four times during the past 48 hours and call detail scrutiny of his official cellphone (9779580905) suggests his long talks with three police officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897511", "title": "SFIO probes Trinamool MP KD Singh's firms for 'fraud'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has ordered a probe by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) into firms of the Alchemist Group \u2014 owned by Trinamool Congress MP KD Singh, who is a close aide of party chief Mamata Banerjee \u2014 after a preliminary inquiry found them guilty of raising funds in violation of both RBI and Sebi guidelines.The SFIO probe was ordered by the corporate affairs ministry after the Registrar of Companies (RoC) found a prima facie violation on the part of the firms that are understood to include Alchemist Infra, Alchemist Capital and Alchemist Holdings. The RoC looked into the matter following a reference made by the RBI, which took up the issue upon receiving a complaint by CPI leader D Raja, who is a Rajya Sabha MP.\"All the government agencies and probe mechanisms, right up to the RoC, in their preliminary inquiry found the complaint to be prime facie correct. Therefore, there was no option but to order a full-scale investigation by the SFIO,\" corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily told TOI.Political circles, however, are watching the development with keen interest as Singh is a trusted associate of Banerjee and had spearheaded his party chief's challenge to the Centre's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail after pulling out of UPA-II.Moily said the SFIO is an impartial body and its motives should not be questioned. \"The SFIO is an impartial body like the CBI and so it has to be an impartial probe.\"A spokesperson for the Alchemist Group refused to comment on the matter, saying, \"I do not have the authority to comment on this.\"The SFIO is a multi-disciplinary organization formed to investigate financial frauds that are serious in nature. It has experts from various streams, including financial sector, capital market, accountancy, forensic audit, taxation, law, IT, company law and Customs.Singh is the chairman of the Alchemist Group, which was launched in 1981 and currently claims to be a Rs 10,000-crore empire comprising 11 companies with business interests in five main verticals \u2014 food processing; hotels and resorts; restaurants; road technologies and healthcare.The matter was referred to the SFIO as the RoC felt that it needs an in-depth investigation. It is believed that the RoC's queries did not elicit a response from the companies. The RoC is understood to have raised doubts over the manner in which the Alchemist Group companies raised funds from the public, and expressed fear that the sum may not be returned on maturity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16896900", "title": "Spellbound: Occult a way of life in Assam's Mayong", "text": "When Mughal general Raja Ram Singh was ordered by Aurangzeb to take an army to Assam and subdue the Ahoms in 1667, he picked up the assignment with trepidation. He didn't fear the Ahom military might, but Assam's fearsome reputation as a land of black magic. Mayong, a village some 40 km from Guwahati, was the deemed capital of occult.Ram Singh took along ninth Sikh guru Teg Bahadur to ward off evil. Teg Bahadur inadvertently introduced the Sikh faith in Assam, but couldn't save the Mughal generalissimo from defeat. The Mughals were routed in the Battle of Saraighat in 1671 and Ram Singh beat a hasty retreat, never to return. He was lucky; a few others before him did not come back alive. Ikhtiyaruddin Yuzbuk Tughril Khan, a sultan of Bengal invaded Assam in 1256-57 and perished with his army there. Alamgir Nama of Mirza Muhammad Kazim, a chronicle of the first 10 years of Emperor Aurangzeb's reign, while talking about an invasion by Muhammad Shah in 1332 with one lakh horsemen, says, \"The whole army perished in that land of witchcraft, and not a trace was left\".Other Mughal texts too talk about sorcery in Assam and its seemingly unlimited powers. Was it a true assessment?Award-winning film critic-turned-filmmaker Utpal Borpujari says the myth of Mayong needs to be studied from a scientific point of view. \"Isn't it amazing that a bez (witch doctor) casts a spell and a bell-metal dish sticks to the back of a man sitting upright, defying the law of gravity? I saw this with my own eyes.\" This former journalist has now decided to put Mayong on celluloid in a film called 'Mayong: Myth/Reality'.\"When 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows \u2014 Part 2' was released in India on July 15, 2011, we conducted an informal survey among 200 people in Guwahati about whether they had heard about Mayong,\" Borpujari says. \"The results were surprising. Many hadn't heard about it, while those who had, didn't know where it was located. While they knew everything about Harry Potter , they were largely unaware that in Mayong, the practice of magic has been a way of life. The irony is that many had travelled to Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, famed for its one-horned rhino population, without knowing they had passed through Mayong,\" he says.Incidentally, Assamese author Sushil Rajkhowa's book, 'Rinkur Rajsabha Part I', too is inspired by the magic practised in Mayong. Rajkhowa says there is a mine of historical texts in Mayong that has not been tapped. Borpujari too confirms this.\"I saw many texts, written on paper or bark, in a museum in Mayong and in the homes of villagers. Almost every family has inherited texts on magic from their ancestors, which they have either preserved or destroyed out of fear of these falling into wrong hands. Most people here are very secretive about their art and don't reveal it to strangers. Many spells have passed down generations orally and not in the written form. Now, the National Mission for Manuscripts, a wing of the Union ministry of culture, has undertaken a project in association with Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra, Guwahati, to preserve manuscripts dealing with magic and the history of Mayong,\" Borpujari says.Fortunately, there's been no instance of witch hunting or any form of persecution here, unlike other places in India. Andhra Pradesh, for instance, has districts where occult is practiced; Rangareddi district in Telengana is one. In Maharashtra, banamati (sorcery) is feared by people. There are stories about Anandi Bai, wife of Raghunath Rao, killing her brother-in-law, Peshwa Balaji Baji Rao, with the help of a voodoo doll.A Delhi-based psychologist, who has been part of a few myth-busting missions for the government and who didn't want to be identified, says, \"Various district administrations keep forming myth-busting teams to educate the masses, but often, even lower rung policemen are incapable of handling the problem. In one village, a witch doctor cuts off a patient's tongue in the name of treatment, while in another, villagers chop off the nose of a sorcerer and castrate him before killing him. Occultism should be made a proper subject of study in Indian universities so that its scientific part can be better understood.\"However, Kishore Bhattacharya of the department of folklore in Gauhati University believes Mayong has no parallels in the country. \"Mayong's magic is used both for destructive and palliative purposes. Agrarian disputes force people to visit a bez who sometimes uses a spell to settle it amicably, and sometimes kills the other party. In Garo Hills, too, we have come across many claims of a man being transformed into a wild beast, or a man made to bleat like a goat. Science cannot explain everything. Not all of us have the capacity to assess the power of the unknown,\" he says.manimugdha.sharma@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897891", "title": "Dip in temp likely by month end", "text": "BHOPAL: The state is expected to experience a drop in temperature by the month end. Officials of Met department, Bhopal circle, said October is considered as a transition period from monsoon to winters.Frequent changing wind directions and increased variation between the day and night temperature is common during the transition phase. The temperature would start dipping by month end, the officials added.The slight chill in the air during morning and late hours is an indication of onset of winters in the region.However, commuters would feel the chill as the day temperature come down. In the meantime, the temperature would roughly range between 35 degrees C and 18 degrees C.The maximum temperature in Bhopal on Saturday was recorded at 33.3 (+1) degrees C and the minimum remained at 18.7 (+1) degrees C.Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 33.0 (+2) degrees C against a minimum of 18.6 (+2) degrees C.The maximum temperature at Gwalior was recorded at 34.3 (00) degrees C whereas the minimum there stood at 18.5 (00) degrees C.The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 32.3(+1) 19.0 (+1) degrees C.The weatherman said similar dry conditions are expected to prevail in the state on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16899562", "title": "Pedestrain killed after iron scraps fell from truck", "text": "MUMBAI: A 42-year-old homemaker was reportedly killed when 25 tonnes of iron scrap transported in a truck collapsed and fell on her late on Wednesday evening. The incident occurred at Subhash Nagar in MIDC, Andheri, locality when the victim Sulema Khatoon Akmal was buying vegetables from the roadside around 6.30pm. The truck driver and its owner fled away from the spot abandoning the vehicle, said the MIDC police.The incident occurred because iron scrap was overloaded and kept beyond its capacity in the truck that was heading towards Bagarwadi in Andheri locality. \"The overloaded truck plied through narrow bylanes of Subhash Nagar locality which is densely populated with roadside vendors. The incident occurred when the truck took right turn and its right rear tyre got stuck in a gutter after breaking its lid. The heavy vehicle lost control due to the 25 tonne iron scrap kept in it,\" said MIDC police senior inspector SL Hujband.Before the locals could react the truck slanted towards right and the entire load in the truck fell on the victim. \"Locals removed the victim from below the iron scrap fallen on her and rushed her to Holy Spirit Hospital where she was declared death on admission. She is resident of Subhash Nagar,\" said Hujband.The truck driver and its owner fled away from the spot soon after the incident abandoning the vehicle. \"We have informed the regional transport office (RTO) to collect names of the truck owner to arrest him and the driver. They are booked under 34 (common intention) and 304 (A) (death by negligence),\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16900277", "title": "NBA plans to spread junior programme to more cities", "text": "MUMBAI: With a view to target the youth and train them from an early stage, the National Basketball Association (NBA) plans to roll out its Junior NBA in five new cities in the next three years.\"We have brought Junior NBA to India. We continue to evaluate our Junior NBA programme, which is focused on training coaches and introducing the game to the youth. We are looking to scale that up and create a national footprint. This year, we had five cities and our goal in the next three years is to take the programme to 10 cities,\" NBA India Senior Director Akash Jain said.The association, at present, operates the Junior NBA programme in Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Chennai and Chandigarh and has already identified three cities with potential to launch the programme.\"The new one for us is Hyderabad. We had the 3X event there and the response was fantastic. We are looking to bring more programmes in Hyderabad. Then there is Kochi. Ludhiana is also there. The talent over there is just amazing. The long-term plan is to create a national footprint,\" Jain said.He further said the NBA may get professional US teams to play exhibition matches in the country in future.\"We will continue to bring NBA players for tours, to work with youth and coaches. In future, we may evaluate bringing teams here for pre-season tours, which is something we do in China and across Europe.\"Those are exhibition matches. Those are things we are looking at to grow NBA and basketball in India,\" he said.Asked if the NBA will be building new courts to improve the infrastructure, he said, \"Building courts is part of long-term plan. The first step is to maximise the current infrastructure. We are evaluating opportunities to create indoor infrastructure as well, and we are looking at the right partners to do that. There is no time-line for building it.\"\"We believe it is important for the growth of sport, once we have the right partner and right location. We are excited about the opportunity. Building both outdoor and indoor infrastructure is important to us. We will look to accelerate it as much as we can,\" Jain said.The association is trying to promote the game by introducing more merchandise with its global apparel and footwear partner adidas and is mulling to introduce non-apparel products in the country as well.\"For our NBA and apparel footwear, we have exclusive global partnership with Adidas. We are in talks with Adidas to bring wider product offering to India,\" he said.\"We are in discussion with partners for other category to build our non-apparel business. As the fan following and strength of NBA brand grows, we believe there will be demand for non-apparel products like backpacks, caps and basketballs. We are also focused on building our gaming business with 2K, our global partners, here.\"We work with licensing agent Bradford licensing and we will work with them to engage with partners in variety of category. We are having those discussions now for categories like bags, back to school products, games and things like that. We are seeing great response from potential business partners. So in early 2013, we will look at rolling out non-apparel products,\" he added.The NBA has introduced the new format 3X, in which, 400 teams participated across Delhi, Hyderabad, Chennai and Mumbai.On the format, Jain said, \"3X3 basketball is a great format to get youth interested in the game. We have seen worldwide that it is a format to attract participation. We are always evaluating new formats.\"Troy Justice, Senior Director-NBA India, said the winning team will participate in FIBA 3X event and will compete against the other Asian teams.Justice added that the association is trying to make use of existing infrastructure, which is quite large in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897049", "title": "150 children fall ill after eating \u2018prasad\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: At least 150 children have been admitted to various hospitals in Mahoba district after falling prey to food poisoning on Saturday. Timely arrival of medical teams prevented the situation from turning worse.\"Nearly 150 children were admitted to the government hospitals, including PHCs and CHCs, after consuming food at a 'bhandara' ceremony orgnanised on the occasion of 'Sharadiya Navratara' by a villager Dulichandra in Budera village of the district. They fell ill after eating 'mawa' and sugar in the form of 'prasad',\" said KP Singh, senior health official.\"The condition of all 150 children in the age group 11-15 is now stable,\" he told TOI over phone. Soon after consuming 'mawa', the children complained of nausea, stomach ache and vomiting. Several medical teams and additional nursing staff have been rushed to Budera village. Around 100 children were admitted to the Panwadi CHC and rest to nearby PHCs and other hospitals.\"Some have been relieved. We are checking how the 'mawa' got contaminated,\" said a district official. He said the situation was under control, and food samples had been already collected and dispatched for testing.More than 300 children from neighbouring villages had thronged the Budera village, for 'bhandara' ceremony on Saturday morning. The incident sparked panic in the village and the Navratri puja volunteers immediately stopped distributing the 'prasad'. They also arranged for the sick to be taken to hospitals. The patients were first taken to Panwadi CHC. But as the numbers swelled, the authorities decided to move the rest to other hospitals of the district. All the patients are on saline drip.\"During questioning, Dulichandra, who has organised the `bhandara' ceremony informed that he has purchased 'mawa' from the Khoya Mandi in Raath area of the district,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16898296", "title": "Catholic theologians discuss response to corruption", "text": "JALANDHAR: Catholic theologians have called upon religious communities of all faiths to work towards rooting out corruption in the country. Over 50 Catholic priests and nuns from across the country, who are members of Indian Theological Association, have gathered in Jalandhar for a four-day seminar to discuss the theological response to corruption in public life.The symposium was inaugurated by Jalandhar bishop Anil Couto and eminent sociologist Shiv Visvanathan delivered the inaugural address. Other prominent persons participating in the seminar include Supreme Court advocates Anil Naurya, Sister Mary Scaria and National Integration Council member Dr John Dayal.In his inaugural address, Bishop Couto said that Catholic church was aware of the impact of corruption on national life, and particularly the marginalised and the poor, tribals and dalits. The church recognised corruption both as a crime under the Indian laws and a sin in the eyes of God. \"Religious communities of all faiths must come together to raise their voice against it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16901266", "title": "Railways, Haryana enter Sr Women's National hockey semis", "text": "BHOPAL: Defending champions Indian Railways scored five goals in each half to spank Uttar Pradesh 10-1 and become the first team to enter the semifinals of second Hockey India Senior Women National Championship on Sunday.Giving early breakthrough to Railways are forwards Roselin Dung Dung and skipper Jasjeet Kaur, who opened the scoring in the fifth and eighth minutes respectively at the Aish Bagh Hockey Stadium.Skipper Jasjeet Kaur topped the scorers list for Railways with three goals followed by Roselin Dung Dung (2), Vandana Katariya (2), Sushila Chanu (1), Deepika Thakur (1) and Ritu Rani (1), while Pratibha Chaudhary scored the lone goal for UP.UP were unable to build on the early break as they committed far too many errors in their defence to allow Railways to gain the upper hand.\"Considering the strength and composition of our team that had both experienced and young players, I am satisfied with our performance. We will try to do better in the semifinals and then finals in order to retain the title,\" said Railways captain Jasjeet.In the second quarterfinal match, Navneet Kaur and Ramandeep Kaur scored two goals each as Haryana scored an emphatic 6-1 win over Chandigarh.Chandigarh, who led 1-0 at the half time, scored through Anu Bala in the 27th minute but struggled to find any rhythm in the remaining part of the match.Haryana got a good breakthrough and levelled the score when Jaspreet Kaur successfully converted a penalty corner in the 39th minute.Two minutes later Udita scored another goal for Haryana. Thereafter, Haryana stepped up the pace and found the target in the 51st and 54th minutes through Ramandeep Kaur.Centre forward Navneet Kaur scored two goals for Haryana in the 55th and 69th minutes.Results:Semifinal 1: Railways 10 (Roselin Dung Dung 5th, 36th; Jasjeet Kaur 8th, 17th, 43rd; Vandana Katariya 14th, 23rd; Sushila Chanu 37th; Deepika Thakur 50th and Ritu Rani 62nd) beat Uttar Pradesh (Pratibha Chaudhary 32nd).Semifinal 2: Haryana 6( Jaspreet Kaur 39th; Udita 41st; Ramandeep Kaur 51st, 54th; Navneet Kaur 55th, 69th) beat Chandigarh 1 (Anu Bala 27th).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895869", "title": "2 brothers murdered over a property dispute", "text": "HYDERABAD: Land dispute took an ugly turn in the city when a 10-member gang waylaid and stabbed to death two businessmen in Ameenpur near Patancheru on Saturday. The victims were identified as Mohammed Mustafa Hussain, 37, and his brother Mohammed Riyaz Hussain, 35, of Misrigunj in the Old City.The assault occurred at about 3 pm when the brothers along with four of their associates were on their way to visit a disputed property in Ameenpur. While they were passing through Lala Bai Colony, their car was intercepted by a 10-member gang.The gang stopped the car by hurling stones on the windshields and then launched an incessant attack with rods and sticks. After damaging the window glasses, the assailants opened the car doors and pulled the brothers out of the vehicle. \"The assailants then attacked them with sticks and stabbed them several times. Due to multiple injuries, the duo died on the spot,\" RC Puram circle inspector (CI) B Sudarshan Reddy said.Two associates of the brothers, Sajjad Ibrahim and Khader, also suffered injuries in the attack, but their condition was said to be out of danger.During preliminary investigation, police came to know that the victims were going to Ameenpur to have a look at a disputed property. On Saturday morning, locals called up the Hussain brothers and informed them that someone had removed fencing on their property. The attack occurred while the victims were on their way to visit the property.\"We have not received any complaint yet. We are yet to ascertain what the property dispute the victims had and with whom. The attackers seem to be locals and no one has identified them,\" the CI said.A case under sections 302 (Murder) and 307 (Attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) was booked. Police have shifted the bodies for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16895962", "title": "Myths and legends of Hyderabad", "text": "Myths and legends form an integral part of folklore and are universally the most interesting aspect of life in a particular era. The annals of Hyderabad too abound with such tales of love, valour and mystery; some plausible, others improbable and quite a few positively bizarre. In public, the average Hyderabadi will rarely admit to ever believing in such preposterous yarns, especially those recounting paranormal occurrences. His accounts are always in the third person and come with a concluding condemnation of the weakness of those susceptible to such flights of fancy. Even so, at heart we all relish the recounting of such tales, handed down from generation to generation, which often are no more than futile attempts at keeping the myth alive, long after it has lost all relevance.It is said that the unprecedented prosperity enjoyed by Hyderabad during Qutub Shahi times was due to the fact that Goddess Lakshmi, pleased with the generous king and founder of the city Mohammad Quli, had chosen it as her abode. When the end of the dynasty approached, she decided one day to move on and made her way on one moonless night to the city gates. The Abyssinian guard manning the exit through which the goddess wanted to depart was astounded when confronted with the sight of a beautiful lady, dressed in regal attire and bedecked with jewelry, demanding that the gate be opened for her. Gathering his wits and exhibiting the famed courage of his race, the sentry mustered up enough courage to challenge the apparition before him demanding an explanation. Amused at this display of valor by a mortal, the Goddess is said to have divulged her true identity, claiming that having overstayed her welcome she had now resolved to leave the city forever. Realizing the drastic repercussions that this would have on the kingdom , the guard begged her not to do so. Unable to convince the Goddess of Wealth to reconsider, he pleaded successfully to be allowed time to inform his superiors about the alarming developments as not doing so would lead to his dismissal on grounds of dereliction of duty. He was also able to extract a promise from the Goddess that she would not pass out of the portal before his return. Rushing to the palace, he roused the king from his sleep and narrated the implausible tale and demanded that he be executed on the spot, for then he would never be able to return to the city gate and Goddess Lakshmi, forced to abide by her promise, would never be able to leave the city. Tana Shah, although a benevolent monarch, was understandably skeptical and dismissed the poor fellow. The agitated sentry, driven out of his mind at the terrible fate which awaited his city, is said to have committed hara-kiri right on the spot.The Goddess and the wealth of Hyderabad remained firmly within city limits for quite a few centuries thereafter. Even the unprecedented loot and plunder which followed the fall of Golconda could not fully strip the city of its economic vibrancy. Within a few decades of its sacking by the rampaging Mughal army, Hyderabad arose from the ashes like the proverbial Phoenix, regaining its rightful place as one of the most affluent and vibrant metropolises in the world. No wonder then that Nawab Mir Osman Ali Khan, the last monarch of to rule Hyderabad, is even today ranked as the wealthiest individual of all times.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896126", "title": "KFA row: Some fear job loss, others hope for new start", "text": "MUMBAI: When Ramesh Pawar joined Kingfisher Airlines as a technician four years ago, he never feared that the company would stop paying him or that it might even shut down. The scene, however, changed seven to eight months ago and on Saturday, when the news of the licence suspension spread, Pawar, like most of the 3,000-odd KFA employees, was uncertain about what the future held for him.\"Since the day the partial lockout was declared, I had been worried about my salaries. But today, my worries are greater. I do not know if the Kingfishers' licence suspension will cost my job,\" said Pawar who draws about Rs 15,000 a month. The last time any amount was credited to his bank account was in August when Kingfisher paid him his February salary. \"I have Rs 1,400 left in my account. I wonder if the airline will shut down permanently,\" he says.Aircraft maintenance engineer Tauseef Khan seemed to be more optimistic. \"The airline's licence has only been suspended and not cancelled. In the current scheme of things, it is not bad. The management told us that they lose Rs 8 crore a day when they operate. If they do not, the losses will halve and the airline can get their act together and get the suspension revoked,\" Khan said. He, however, seemed upset that the development has \"created a schism within the staff\". \"There is a pro-management lot that calls up our colleagues, threatening and blaming them for the suspension. But the fact remains that the airline could scarcely pay its employees. How can it handle the huge day-to-day expense of running an airline?\"Like most of the Kingfisher employees TOI spoke to, Khan remembers every single date he received his salaries since trouble started. \"They paid last August's salary on September 15, 2011, September's on October 25 and October's in January. Salary for November 2011 was paid in April 2012...\" After the airline disbursed this year's February dues in August, no more payment has been made. Now, the employees' only hope is the Monday meeting when top bosses of the UB Group will meet them to reach a settlement. \"Most of us are sure the airline will be able to restart operations in a month or so. But one cannot be very sure,\" Khan said.(Names have been changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895945", "title": "\u2018Schools have long way to go\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Although differently-abled children have the right to inclusive learning under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, experts say that dream is yet to be achieved in reality.While some activists claim that exclusion is the norm in city schools, some are hopeful that the idea can become a reality with the right involvement of all stakeholders.Samir Dalwai, a behavioural paediatrician, said every child diagnosed with \"developmental delay\" should be provided with scientific intervention and therapy at an early age.Dr Harish Shetty, a senior psychiatrist at L H Hiranandani Hospital in Powai, claimed that it is not just the differently-abled kids who are excluded from mainstream schools, but even normal children are subjected to differential treatment. \"Many children are excluded from schools for want of a cent per cent result,\" he said.Armaity Engineer, principal of Bhaktivedanta Swami Mission School in Andheri, said, \"There are five students in our school with developmental issues. Our teachers are equipped with methods to handle them. \"The school follows a \"buddy support system\" and explains the situation to other students so that odd behaviour is overlooked. \"Moreover, the ICSE board is student-friendly. During exams, all special children sit with our special educators,\" Engineer added. The Goenka Education Trust, which runs around four schools in Mumbai, has around 40 students who are have been diagnosed with autism and are taken care of by the counselling centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896406", "title": "Quack, two others held for raping woman", "text": "JAIPUR: A quack and two others were arrested on Saturday for raping a 25-year-old married woman on the pretext of curing her infant son's illness in Tonk district.The victim's neighbour had taken the woman to a quack saying that her three-month old son was under the spell of some 'evil spirits'. The quack, the neighbour and another man gangraped her.The accused have been identified as Dashrath Singh (28), the victim's neighbour Ganesh (32) and another man Panchu (45), a resident of Bhawanipura village in Tonk.According to the police, the victim is a resident of Diggi. \"There is an \"ashram\" situated nearly one kilometre from Diggi town. The quack, Dashrath Singh, lived there,\" said a police officer.The woman's son used to fall ill frequently. \"She had consulted some doctors, but she says that there was no improvement in his health. The desperate mother was approached by her neighbour Ganesh who told her that he suspected her son to be under the spell of some evil spirit,\" said the officer.Ganesh claimed that he knew a 'witch doctor' who could help her son get freed of these \"evil spirits\".\"The woman and her husband took their son to the quack on October 11. The woman says Dashrath threatened that the son was under the effect of evil spirits due to her. Dashrath said that he would first have to cure the woman, so he made her husband and child sit outside the ashram as he said witchcraft needed privacy,\" said the officer.The trio raped the woman one by one and threatened her not to disclose it to her husband. \"In villages, even if the woman is a victim, such incidents bring disrepute to her and her family members. So the victim kept mum and returned home with her husband and the child,\" said the officer.However, the woman somehow mustered courage and narrated the incident on Friday following which her husband lodged an FIR with Diggi police station on Friday.\"We arrested the trio on Saturday and booked them on rape charges. The medical examination of the woman was also conducted,\" said the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897508", "title": "'Chartered accountants will emerge as value drivers'", "text": "Accountancy as a profession traces its origin to more than 9,000 years as references to it can be found in early civilization, epics like Manu Smriti, Vedas, and Arthashastra and Mughal literature. Regulating this profession in India is the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) which was formed as an autonomous body with powers to regulate the profession of accountancy in India and to foster education and training to its students. Heading the Mangalore branch of Southern India Regional Council of ICAI is Murali Mohan, its chairman. Mangalore branch is one of the first branches to be set up as early as 1971 and has 465 pro-active members and over 1,150 students. It regularly conducts programmes for members, students and also in respect of various topics of public interests. Branch activities are carried on through managing committee consisting six elected members.Where is the CA profession headed under the Mangalore branch of ICAI? The ICAI as a partner in nation building through its members has been providing multidimensional services to business community in particular and society in general. There are about 190 practizing CAs in the region. Business and industries of the region have availed services of CA mainly for taxation and audits. With an expected industrial growth of the region due to new units being set up in SEZ, STP and industrial area, the role of CAs as value drivers and in the area of management consultancy will be substantial in days to come.Any plan of action undertaken to extend scope and reach of the profession during your tenure? We have organized a series of programmes. The Direct Tax Code and Goods and Service Tax expected in the near future will change the way business has been done and we have been educating our members and public to get ready for the same. We are planning to have a few programmes jointly with the police department relating to white-collar crimes and also with the district and city administrations on public finances and accounting soon.Is there a specific branch-level plan of action to attract students to CA profession? CA has emerged as a challenging and attractive career option for students. It is one of the most economical study courses and provides a good career. The making of CA ensures a very deep-rooted knowledge, coupled with commitment to work hard. The direct entry scheme for graduates/PGs to CA course has come into force. Now, the commerce graduates with 55% and above marks and other graduates with 60% and above marks will be allowed to pursue articleship under CA without appearing for CPT exams and during articleship they have to clear the PCC. The existing scheme of entry to profession for PUC students through CPT, PCC group I and thereafter articleship also continues.Where does the ICAI Bhawan project stand? The ICAI Bhawan has been a dream project which is becoming a reality due to collective efforts of the previous chairmen of the branch. The building measuring about 15,000 sqft of constructed area will have an auditorium with a seating capacity of 300, four classrooms and a computer centre. The building committee under Nithin J Shetty is making best efforts to ensure that it is completed by the end of this year. We expect it to start functioning fully by early next year.How does ICAI value the Mangalore branch? The active contribution made by the branch is recognized nationally. Last year, we got award for the highly commendable performance from the Southern India Regional Council of the ICAI. The central office has also supported the branch activities by way of capital and revenue grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895640", "title": "Information commission raps vigilance boss", "text": "PATNA: State Information Commission (SIC) has taken serious exception to the plea of vigilance department's principal secretary A K Chouhan to reconsider its order of August 9, whereby the SIC had warned him of penal action under RTI Act for denying information to a petitioner.Chouhan, in a memo sent to the SIC through his department's public information officer (PIO) on Monday last, reiterated his earlier stand that the information sought by the petitioner concerned was not maintained by his department and hence could not be provided. The matter pertains to the query of a former legislator and social activist, Umadhar Singh, who had sought to know how many corruption cases were filed and disposed of by the vigilance department during the tenure of the present principal secretary, Chouhan.Information commissioner Farzand Ahmed, after hearing both the PIO and the petitioner, said in his order, \"The review petition filed by the department chief didn't reflect any kind of accountability and transparency in its functioning. In this era of transparency and good governance, everyone is looking at the department with great hope. But the department itself doesn't know how many corruption-related cases are filed. The information sought by the petitioner is in public interest and not related to any individual.\"In his earlier order, Ahmed had urged the principal secretary to form a small team of officials to work on the petition and provide the information to the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16897509", "title": "Agri dept employees withdraw stir", "text": "NAGPUR: The state agriculture department employees withdrew their stir following assurance of action against Arjun Tandale, the district superintending agriculture officer of Gadchiroli who has allegedly misappropriated money from the National Horticulture Mission (NHM).Mukund Palatkar, the secretary of Maharashtra Rajya Krishi Vibhag Samanvaya Mahasangh, told TOI that all the employees who were attending office but not working resumed their duty after the agriculture minister assured them an investigation will be done and action will be taken in the case\"It is sad that despite having enough information against Tandale the authorities did not take any action against him whereas action is being taken against employees for small mistakes. The minister has also assured withdrawing of cases against such employees,\" said Palatkar.The association has demanded filing of an FIR against Tandale. He was involved in misappropriation of NHM funds in Wardha about two years ago but no action has been taken against him so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895619", "title": "Patna University alumnus denied visa extension in UK", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) may be the seventh oldest university of the country, but its alumni are being denied extension of visa and being packed off home from UK as PU doesn't figure in the list of recognized universities of Bihar on the website of UK Border Agency, a private organization entrusted with the task of visa renewal. Incidentally, NIT Patna, Nalanda Open University and Magadh University figure in the list.This happened with a banker from Bihar on Monday last. Amarendra Kumar, chief manager of an Indian public sector bank in London, was asked by his bank to continue beyond three years in UK. Accordingly, he applied for his visa extension. But he was shocked when UK Border Agency conveyed rejection of his application on Monday last. Kumar told TOI on phone from London, \"I have done my MBA and MCom from PU and have been refused permission to stay beyond three years in UK as PU doesn't appear on their (UK Border Agency) point-based calculator website for knowledge of English language.\"As things stand today, those having done their graduation/postgraduation and even English Honours course will not get marks under the head of knowledge of English and denied visa extension beyond three years.Following the rejection, Kumar has to leave UK by October 30. Incidentally, some of his colleagues from UP and Mumbai were granted visa extension. He also met the High Commissioner of India in the UK, but the latter expressed his inability to help.Kumar has sent an email to PU chancellor Devanand Konwar stating his plight and urged him to take up the matter with Government of India for raising the issue with the British High Commission in New Delhi. He said on his return to India, he would take up the matter at the appropriate levels so that no one has to suffer for studying in PU. He also appealed to CM Nitish Kumar, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and other top guns who have studied in PU to see that its alumni's case doesn't go by default.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "power tariff hike irks industrial houses in up", "code": "16897028", "title": "Power tariff hike irks industrial houses in UP", "text": "Power tariff hike irks industrial houses in UP: The hike in power tariff has apparently not gone down well with the industrial houses in the state. On Saturday, irked industry owners, under the aegis of Indian Industries Association (IIA) threatened to go on a strike, if the increased tariff structure is not rolled back.IIA members also pledged to hand over the keys of their factories to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav as a mark of protest. General secretary of IIA, Manish Goyal said that the raised power prices only show that the industrial policy of the state government is nothing more than a sham. \"It does not commensurate with the government's claim of giving a boost to the industrial sector in the state,\" Goyal said. The association, in a statement, said that the rise in the power prices, at times, has been to the tune of 35% to 60%. \"This would dent the industries by increasing the cost of production,\" the office bearers said.The association has called a meeting of its members on Sunday to decide the future course of action, said president of Lucknow chapter of IIA, Prashant Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896824", "title": "Graft to burn with Ravana, kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is not rare for Ramlila committees in the country to pick up social issues to make Dussehra in sync with public sentiments. This year, however, the theme seems to be corruption and the fight against it. And many organizers in the city plan to burn an effigy of corruption along with those of Ravana, his son Kumbhakarna, and son Meghnad.Nav Shri Dharmic Lila Committee and Lav Kush Committee are two such organizers. \"We will burn the corruption effigy to symbolically end this root of all evil. There is not a bigger issue haunting the nation today than corruption,\" said Piyush Agarwal of Lav Kush Ramlila Committee.The Ramlila committee at IP Extension, however, plans to burn an effigy symbolizing power and water tariff hike. \"The common man is being asked to pay so much for basic resources like water and electricity,\" said Jeewesh Sharma of the committee, adding, \"Even though the fight will continue, we want the people to believe that good always wins over evil.\"The special effigies are less elaborate than the three main effigies, which are usually 70-90 feet tall. Most effigies cry out Lord Rama's name, some weep and some make animated actions to represent an angry Ravana. This time, committees are making environment-friendly effigies. \"This year, we have not used paper and have filled our effigies with environmental-friendly crackers that will emit less smoke,\" said Ravi Jain, press secretary of Shri Dharmic Leela Committee.Many working professionals, students and children, too, come together during this time of the year from Moradabad, Bareilly and Meerut to act in the Ramlilas across the capital. While some come thinking it to be the first step of their acting careers, others come purely out of devotion.Chandani Sharma (16) is playing Sita at the Ramlila organized by Nav Shri Dharmik Lila Committee. \"This is my first role. My father inspired me for this,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897903", "title": "Cervical cancer screening and early detection", "text": "Dr. Surendra S. ShastriCervical cancer is the second most common cancer among women worldwide and is most common among women living in developing countries. An estimated 1,82,027 new cases and 77,096 deaths due to cervical cancer occurred in India in 2010, contributing to 29per cent and 30per cent of the global burden of cervical cancer incidence and mortality. A recently published study confirmed that cervical cancer continues to be the leading cause of cancer death among Indian women. Currently, there is no national cervical cancer screening program in India.The uterine cervix is the lower part of the uterus (womb). The cervix connects the body of the uterus to the vagina. Cancer of the uterine cervix is due to HPV (Human Papilloma Virus) infection and is compounded by other factors such as poor genital hygiene (among both women and their spouses), frequent deliveries and tobacco use. The cervical cells do not suddenly change into cancer. The normal cells of the cervix first develop pre-cancerous changes that gradually transform into invasive cancer. The pre-cancerous changes are called cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN), squamous intraepithelial lesion (SIL) or dysplasia. The transformation from pre-cancerous changes to invasive cancer takes several years and can be detected by the Pap test, the HPV DNA test and even a simpler low cost test like VIA (visual inspection with acetic acid). Early detection and treatment of cervical pre-cancers can stop their progression to invasive cancer. All cervical precancers do not transform into invasive cancers, only a small proportion will develop into cancer. In most women the pre-cancerous changes will go away without any treatment. However, we do not have any test currently that can tell us which pre-cancers would progress to cancer and hence screening and treatment of all pre-cancers becomes an important preventive measure.Warning signs of cervical cancerWomen with early invasive cervical cancers and pre-cancers usually have no symptoms. Symptoms often do not begin until the cancer becomes invasive and starts growing into adjacent tissues. When this happens, the most common symptoms are: Abnormal vaginal bleeding, such as bleeding after sex ( vaginal intercourse), bleeding after menopause , bleeding and spotting between periods, heavier and longer menstrual periods.An unusual discharge from the vagina which may be bloodstained and may occur between the periods or after menopause.Pain during intercourseThese signs and symptoms can also be caused by other conditions e.g. pelvic infections and non-cancerous growths. However, if you have any of these signs or symptoms, you should consult your doctor urgently to rule out cervical cancer. Ignoring symptoms may allow the cancer to progress to a more advanced stage and lower your chance for effective treatment.A better option is to have regular screening by any of the available cervical cancer screening tests listed above. Although we do not have a population based cervical cancer screening programme like the western countries, these tests are usually available at most government centres, labs and private practitioners. Your GP can definitely guide you to the nearest centre that offers these tests. These tests are very simple involving an internal pelvic examination and collection of a cervical smear. They are painless and take just a few minutes.Treatment of pre-cancersIf you are detected with a pre-cancerous condition do not panic. The condition is easily treatable and results in almost complete cure. The treatment is again available at most government centres and private gynecologists. It consists of a procedure called colposcopy and removal of the abnormal cells/tissue by either cryotherapy (freezing ), or by small/large biopsy like procedures called LEEP and Conization. All these procedures are simple, can be done under local anesthesia and do not require the women to get admitted to the hospital . Following treatment of the pre-cancers the women will require check-ups as advised by the doctor (usually at three months, six months and one year) to confirm that the cure is complete. All women should however continue to screen themselves for cervical cancer between the ages 30-65 at 3-5 year intervals or as often as advised by their doctor.(The writer is a professor of Preventive Oncology in Tata Memorial Centre.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "16898208", "title": "Conmen grab NRI land; 10 booked", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: Despite tall claims made by Punjab government to protect the properties of Non-Resident Indians (NRIs), frauds continue to come to the fore in the state. Police have registered a case against 10 persons, including relatives of an NRI, for fraudulently selling his agriculture land at Sirhind.Even though the Punjab revenue department officers are duty-bound to verify the identity of NRIs before conducting any mutation of their property, in this case no verification was done and an unidentified person posing as NRI got the mutation done from the revenue department. Though the buyer and seller have been booked, no action has been taken against the erring revenue department officers.Jagdip Singh of Sirhind, who has been staying in Hong Kong for the past several years, had appointed Karnvir Singh as his legal caretaker of his 25 kanal agriculture land in Sirhind. Last week, Karnvir received a call from a friend that some unidentified persons had taken possession of the land and when he enquired from local revenue department office, he learned that his uncle had sold off his land.When he spoke to his uncle in Hong Kong, he denied having knowledge of any such sale following which Karnvir approached Fatehgarh Sahib SSP for action. During investigation, it came to light that Inderpal Singh, nephew of Jagdip, along with his wife Suman, and some other persons had made a fake voter identity card, PAN card and other documents of his NRI uncle and sold the land by introducing a conman as his uncle in the local revenue department office.\"We have registered a case against 10 persons, including relatives of the complainant. So far three persons have been arrested and we are conducting raids to nab others,\" said SSP Hardial Mann.Police have registered a case of fraud under sections 406,419,420,465,467,468,471,120-B IPC against Inderpal, Suman, Jagmit Singh,Jit singh, Kewal Singh, Balvir Rai, Kewal Singh, Gurprit Singh, Parmjit Singh and Ravinder Kumar. They have arrested Parmjit, Ravinder, Kewal and Jit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16898038", "title": "Govt deploys special teams in 6 districts to counter dengue", "text": "COIMBATORE: The state government has deployed special teams under an IAS level officer in six districts where alarming number of dengue cases including mortality have been reported during the recent days. As of now only Erode district has been included in the list of these six districts from Western Tamil Nadu region.\"We do not have a single dengue death in Erode district and we are taking all preventive measures,\" said C Sekar, deputy director, Public Health Services, Erode.The six member special team deployed in Erode is being headed by Kumar Jayanth, project director of Tamil Nadu state AIDS control society who is being assisted by additional director (TB) K Arunagiri, joint director B Vasakumar, deputy director (ME) Geetha, deputy director (Public Health) C Sekar and a two-member team of entomologists and another officer. Similar teams have been deployed in Chennai, Nagapattinam, Vellore, Pudukottai, Trichy and Madurai.However, the health officials in Erode said though more than 300 cases of dengue were reported in the district since January 2012, there was no need to panic as the situation is being carefully monitored. The health officials are also using the latest government order to conduct dengue testing through ELISA method, instead of the common Rapid Detection Test, as a ploy to bring down the number of dengue cases.\"As per the latest government order we have to depend only on ELISA confirmed dengue cases which will be just about 150 cases in the entire district,\" Sekar added.The state government through an order issued on October 16 made it mandatory that dengue infection testing be conducted through ELISA test kits instead of Rapid Detection Test which as per WHO standards could result in false positive and false negative cases which could affect the medical assistance being offered to the patient. The order says, Rapid detection tests for dengue could be misleading due to cross reaction with other viruses, malaria parasites and other immune disorder conditions of the patient.As many as nine government health facilities in Coimbatore district including the ones in Mettupalayam, Annur, Sulur, Pollachi and Perianaickenpalayam do not have ELISA testing facilities at the moment and the testing kits are likely to be procured only in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896922", "title": "Government to install CCTVs at minsters' homes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has directed the authorities to install closed-circuit television cameras (CCTVs) at the officials residence of all the 48 ministers of his cabinet in Lucknow. Though the move is supposed to be a must in terms of security arrangements for the ministers, murmurs doing the round at the chief minister's secretariat suggest otherwise.Seen as part of Akhilesh Yadav's emphasis on transparency in the functioning of the government, the move has triggered some sharp reactions from a section of ministers. Some have gone to the extent of alleging that the move was a direct infringement of their privacy, some others see it as a question mark on their integrity itself. Still others have described the move as demoralizing. But there is a chunk of ministers that has welcomed the move stating that it will help them keep a check on the happenings at their residences in their absence.\"We are generally holed up in one room of the house or the other and have no knowledge of what is happening outside. These CCTVs will go a long way in ensuring that nothing unwanted is happening around us,\" said a very senior minister in Akhilesh cabinet, refusing to be identified.If sources are to be believed, quite a few ministers who are unhappy over the installation of CCTV cameras at their official residence, have even communicated their discomfort to the chief minister.Installed at the cost of Rs 2-5 lakh depending upon the area to be covered and the nature of equipment installed, these CCTVs will primarily cover all the entry and exit points of the ministers' residence apart from the lounge where visitors wait for their turn to meet the minister.It will also cover the camp office of the minister where he generally meets the visitors. The cameras will be linked to a control panel installed at the premises which will be manned 24X7, all the year around. There are also plans to connect these control panels to a centralized control room to ensure that the system is in place and working as per requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897858", "title": "Cancer statistics in Indian women", "text": "The crude breast cancer cases in urban Indian women is 25-30 and the age adjusted rate is 30-35 new cases per 1,00,000 women per year. Breast cancer is increasing - the average increase over a 30 year period in Mumbai was 11 per cent per decade Breast cancer is increasing both in young (11per cent per decade) and old women (16per cent per decade) There are an estimated 1,00,000-1 ,25,000 new breast cancer cases in India every year.The number of breast cancer cases in India is estimated to double by 2025. The age adjusted incidence of cervix cancer in urban India is 15-20 new cases per 1,00,000 women per year. The incidence of cervix cancer is 1.5 to 2 times higher in rural women. Overall it remains the commonest cancer in Indian women. Cancer of cervix is decreasing in urban women at the rate of 18per cent per decade. Ovarian cancer incidence has remained stable in the past few decades.( Inputs by Dr Rajesh A Dikshit, Professor of Epidemiology, Tata Memorial Centre )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16902955", "title": "Fast healthy during Navratri", "text": "MUMBAI: The Hindu festival of Navratra celebrated with full devotion and happiness for nine days purifies the whole environment. It is celebrated with gusto in different regions of the country. In the eastern state of West Bengal , the festival takes the shape of Durga Puja, when the devotees of the deity celebrate the triumph of good over evil. On the festive occasion of Navratra, fast is observed by people for seven or eight days. Fasting has various advantages for our body too.Dr Bansal also added, \"One should take certain precautions during fasting because it may also affect your kidney and can lead to kidney stones too. Our urine carries salts, including calcium oxalate, uric acid, cystine, or xanthine. These salts can become extremely concentrated if there is not enough urine, or if unusually high amounts of crystal-forming salts are present. When salt concentration levels reach the point at which they no longer dissolve, these salts form crystals. Thus, it becomes necessary to maintain the balance between the two. Thus to avoid such problems we should drink enough water (fluids) so that calcium and allied such nutrients do not deposit. We can also take lemon water, pineapple juice, coconut water, fruits rich in vitamin A, so as to avoid such problems. Besides, one must avoid taking too much tea or coffee, sweets such as burfi, ladoo etc. There are certain things that we should keep in mind then we can celebrate navratra's with full mood and good health.''Extra precautions must be taken by people prone to health risks while observing fasts. These include people suffering from diabetes , hypertension, anaemia, and those who have recently underwent some kind of surgery. Individuals with chronic health problems related to kidneys, heart , liver or lungs must observe fasting only after consent from their doctors. Pregnant and lactating women must also be precautious. Typical navratra food including potatoes, kheer, sabudana, pakodas can be fattening and cause complications. That is why, overindulgence must strictly be avoided. Also, it is not advisable to take long breaks, in fact mini meals must be consumed in short intervals. Hypertensive patients must keep a check on the salt consumption level. I wish all people of my country a very happy and healthy Navratra festival'', further said, Dr Bansal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16899536", "title": "Obesity promotes cancer progression regardless of diet", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have shed light on why obese patients with cancer often have a poorer prognosis compared with those who are lean.Mikhail Kolonin, PhD, associate professor at the Institute of Molecular Medicine at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston and his colleagues evaluated how obesity promotes cancer progression.\"Our earlier studies led us to hypothesize that fat tissue called white adipose tissue, which is the fat tissue that expands in individuals who are obese, is itself directly involved and that it is not just diet and lifestyle that are important,\" he said.Their initial results confirmed this hypothesis: In obese and lean mice that ate the same diet, tumours grew much faster in obese mice than they did in lean mice. The researchers also observed that there were far more white adipose tissue cells (called adipose stromal cells) in obese mice than in lean mice and thus turned their focus on the role of these cells.Detailed analyses indicated cancer induced mobilization of adipose stromal cells into the circulation. Once in the tumours, some of these cells developed into fat cells, while others were incorporated into tumour-associated blood vessels.Tumour-associated blood vessels support tumour growth by bringing in oxygen and nutrients vital for cancer cell survival and proliferation. Kolonin noted that the ability of adipose stromal cells to contribute to the formation of tumour-associated blood vessels is likely one of the main reasons that the excess of these cells in tumours was associated with increased malignant cell proliferation and tumour growth.\"Our data provide the first in vivo evidence of recruitment of cells from endogenous fat tissue to tumours,\" said Kolonin.\"The fact that these cells are present in tumours is still an emerging concept. We have shown that not only are they present, but they are also functional and affect tumour growth. Identifying the signals that cause these cells to be recruited to tumours and finding ways to block them might provide a new avenue of cancer treatment,\" he added.The findings were reported in Cancer Research, a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896865", "title": "Dengue cases cross 600 mark, hospitals told to take steps", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 32 fresh dengue cases reported on Saturday, the total number of patients infected with the vector-borne disease has gone up to 617 this season. Experts say the actual number of cases may be higher as the civic agencies' data is based only on the reports provided by 41 government-run hospitals and 13 private hospitals.\"Most other private hospitals and nursing homes do not report to the municipal corporations. Some confirmed cases are excluded from the list because the agencies do not accept a rapid kit test \u2014 conducted by a number of hospitals \u2014 for the confirmation of positive cases,\" said Dr Harish Gupta, president, Delhi Medical Association. He said that most hospitals are facing a crisis as far as availability of beds is concerned.At present, almost 20-30 dengue patients are admitted at each private hospital. Even government hospitals are getting many patients with dengue-like symptoms daily. \"It's not surprising to come across so many cases in October, but once winter sets in, chances are that the numbers will go down,\" said a senior doctor at Apollo Hospital.In view of the increasing number of cases, all hospitals have been asked to make extra arrangements for beds and blood banks have been asked to deploy more staff to ensure there is no shortage of platelets, said health minister A K Walia. The minister recently reviewed the availability of platelets at 53 blood banks and found the quantity of platelets to be adequate. \"There should be no shortage of platelets at any stage. No dengue patient must die for want of blood,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900240", "title": "Sridevi wants do a cameo for Ajith", "text": "Veteran actress Sridevi, who recently made her comeback in Tamil cinema with English Vinglish has said that she would happily do an item song for Amitabh Bachchan or Ajith if they ask for it.Both Amitabh Bachchan and Ajith, played the same role in the Hindi and Tamil versions of the film respectively and had the audience eating out of their hands in the limited time. Sridevi has now said that she will happily do an item number too for the actors, even if they do not ask for it personally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897018", "title": "Six booked for pilfering power", "text": "KANPUR: The officials of Kesco have launched a drive to nab power pilferers, especially those who tamper with their power meters to make them run slow. This not only causes revenue loss to Kesco, but also increases line losses.On Saturday, six power consumers of Govind Nagar locality were booked under Section 135 as they had tampered with their power meters.The Kesco's raid team slapped fine on the defaulters and recovered Rs 1.90 lakh as penalty from them right on the spot.On Friday, four power consumers of the same locality were booked under Section 135. J C Yadav, an official of Kesco who was heading the raid team, said that these power consumers had also tampered with their meters. A sum of Rs 1.80 lakh was recovered as penalty from the power defaulters.J C Yadav informed that the combined domestic load on the power meters was 29 KW, much more than the normal usage of these four power consumers.Another set of seven power thieves was nabbed during a drive conducted on Wednesday. A sum of Rs 1.25 lakhs was recovered from the power defaulters as penalty amount.A similar drive was conducted on Tuesday in Gujjaini, Ratanlal Nagar and Govind Nagar areas of the city to nab those who were indulged into power theft. Nearly half a dozen people were caught red-handed.While carrying out the drive, Kesco officials came across a remote device which, if fitted with the domestic meter, enables a power consumer to switch on and switch off the meter according to his wish. It is this way the cases of power theft are on a rise.A Kesco official of Govind Nagar division informed that the tampering of meters was done by six power consumers who are residents of Gujjaini, Ratanlal Nagar and Govind Nagar. The official added that all the consumers have been booked under Section 135. A sum of Rs 3.20 lakhs was recovered as penalty from the power thieves.The official further added that such a drive would be carried out on a random basis at different localities of Govind Nagar division of Kesco to ensure that the cases of power theft could be reduced substantially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16898261", "title": "Actor\u2019s husband in custody till November 3", "text": "BANGALORE: A city court on Friday remanded Surendra Babu, the husband of deceased Kannada television actor Hemashri, in judicial custody till November 3.Hebbal police, who are investigating Hemashri's mysterious death, had taken the 52-year-old businessman and a JD(S) leader Surendra Babu into custody over a week ago after he was arrested on suspicion of killing his wife. On Friday, Hebbal police produced Babu, whose police remand was extended by a day till Saturday, before the chief metropolitan magistrate Rajashekhar V Patil.The judge on Saturday ordered Babu to be remanded in judicial custody. Police investigation has, so far, revealed that Hemashri was drugged on the night of October 8. She was given sleeping pills and when she was fast asleep, Babu allegedly took her in his car and directed his driver Satish to drive towards Anantapur. There, he stayed in Murali's farmhouse for the night.Hemashri is said to have woken up midway. \"As planned earlier, Babu pulled out a bottle of chloroform, sprayed it on a cloth and held it against Hemashri's face. An overdose of chloroform killed Hemashri slowly,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16898060", "title": "Accused in Pai case arrested", "text": "MADIKERI: Bangalore police have arrested the prime accused in the attempt to kill educationist and real estate entrepreneur P Dayananda Pai in Bangalore on October 16.A Bangalore police team arrived in Madikeri on Friday and arrested the main accused , Vignesh.A resident of K Nidugane village, near Madikeri, Vignesh has links with Hebbat Manja, the alleged mastermind of the attack, police said. Manja is believed to be hiding in Thailand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16896771", "title": "Saina Nehwal breaks Wang Yihan barrier at Denmark Open", "text": "HYDERABAD: At last, Saina Nehwal has breached what was the final frontier for her. She brought down the final brick in the Chinese Wall, world No.1 Wang Yihan , who remained the only Chinese player till now not to have fallen to the Indian.The Olympic silver medalist limped off the court when faced with a certain defeat, allowing the Indian ace to advance with a 21-12, 12-7 victory in the semifinals of the Yonex Denmark Open Super Series Premier on Saturday.Saina, who is also battling a right knee injury, began with a 0-5 deficit but recovered quickly enough to run through the top Chinese to make the hitherto lopsided head-to-head record look a little better at 1-6. The rivalry that began in May 2010 grew bitter with each tournament as the Indian failed to get past her even once.Waving her finger ferociously after firing a body smash, countering a crosscourt half smash with a deft drop and dismissing a high toss with a powerful drive, Saina looked robust throughout the match.Though the retirement of her famed opponent might have taken the fizz out of her victory, Saina and her team will be buoyed by the fact that the 'Yihan puzzle' has been finally cracked.The 22-year old will now meet European champion Juliane Schenk of Germany in her first final at Denmark Open, on Sunday. Schenk, who stunned Olympic gold medalist Li Xuerui of China on Friday, downed another Chinese seed, Yanjiao Jiang, 13-21, 21-14, 21-15.\"It was an exciting victory. I played at full strength today and got the result,\" Saina told TOI.Chief coach Pullela Gopichand said that the victory would help Saina overcome the mental block. \"A victory is a victory. These sorts of injuries are common but Saina has been playing well. At the Olympics, Saina was very aggressive but here she was in total control,\" Gopichand said, adding that Sunday's final against Schenk will be tough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16896221", "title": "Thane civic man suspended over extortion bid", "text": "THANE: The Thane municipal administration on Saturday suspended Ajit Karnik, executive engineer with the town planning department, for alleged negligence in duty and for his role in an alleged extortion racket involving a local, who is said to be misusing the RTI act for personal gain.In his written statement to municipal commissioner R A Rajeev, Karnik owned up to part of the responsibility in a suspected con game allegedly masterminded by Mukesh Kanakia. Civic officials said Kanakia, who they said was a \"habitual and professional complainant\", had targeted a doctor at Naupada and filed a complaint about the renovation work being undertaken in his residential apartment.The doctor was allegedly in the process of tearing down his flat and converting it into a nursing home. He is said to have filed a written application to the Naupada ward office seeking sanction for the change of residential property into commercial nursing home.\"Ideally, such applications have to be moved before the town planning department, which is the final authority on the issue. However, the doctor was unaware of the administrative procedure and instead filed an application at the ward office. Kanakia got to know of the renovation work and promptly filed a complaint against the doctor with the town planning department,\" a senior official said.Karnik was expected to deal with the complaint as he is in charge of the department. \"When the doctor approached the town planning executive, he explained that he was not doing anything illegal. He said he had moved an application before the ward office. Karnik heard him out but later told him the issue could be resolved only if he paid Rs 2.75 lakh to Kanakia to withdraw his complaint,\" a civic official said.Karnik has been suspended for alleged negligence of duty. Action has also been initiated against Kanakia for misusing the RTI Act and exploiting citizens. \"We have issued a showcause notice to him over this issue,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896251", "title": "Muddy, smelly water irks Ghatkopar locals", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Ghatkopar (E) have been complaining of receiving discoloured and smelly water for the past five days. Those living in Pant Nagar, Gaurishankar Wadi, Patel Chowk and Raigad Chowk have alleged that children and women have been fallen sick after drinking the rust-coloured stinky water.Santosh Kandelwal, secretary of Sugam Housing Society, Pant Nagar, said that the BMC has been supplying dirty water to the area for the last five days. Locals said that they have complained to the civic body several times, but in vain.\"Despite our complaints, no steps have been taken to better the situation, neither has anyone given us a reason for the dirty water,\" said Kandelwal, adding that if the BMC has commissioned a new supply line, it should inform the residents that the water will be impure for a couple of days.A resident of Kanta Apartments, Vinayak Shanbaug, said that because of the impure water supply, they are being forced to spend on tankers.Civic officials said that the problem is not contamination but turbidity and is due to the commissioning of a new water main near Somaiya College.Earlier, this area used to get water from pipelines located in Ghatkopar (W). Recently, a new pipeline was made operational in Ghatkopar (E)\"With the new line being made operational, the mud and dirt inside the pipe is getting mixed with the water that is being supplied. It will normalize in a day or two,\" said a civic official from the hydraulic department.He added that chlorine tablets are being put in the tanks of societies so that the water is filtered. \"All these buildings are Mhada societies and water is supplied to them after being stored in their main tanks. We have put chlorine tablets in these tanks,\" said the official.On Saturday, a valve of the new line ruptured due to pressure fluctuations. Repair work is on and supply will not be affected on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16897879", "title": "Commuters think out of the box to beat auto fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters are thinking up ingenious ways to beat the recent fare hikes in taxi and autorickshaw tariffs. At many places, commuters are switching to pre-planned autopooling for short distances to save on their budget. Commuter Sangita Chheda said, \"Two women office-goers who stay close to my Andheri home are part of an auto-pooling system with me. We all stay within a 200-m radius and pick each other up en route to the station in the morning .\" The system works like this: The person who stays the farthest from the destination gets into an auto and picks up the other passengers en route , and all three split the Rs 15 minimum fare.For a regular journey, all three passengers have to individually pay the same Rs 15 minimum fare to travel to the station . But with the auto pool ,each passenger saves Rs 10 on a single trip. Even a share auto on the same route would cost a rupee more at Rs 6 and one has to walk up to the stand to catch the auto.Commuters have also started cutting short their auto journeys and walking part of the way. Ravindra Nair , who travels a distance of 2.4 km to Mulund station daily, said, \"In the past , I paid not more than Rs 18 to travel to the station by auto. But now the fare comes to Rs 24, which is a six-rupee jump. So I travel 1.8 km by auto , which costs me Rs 18, same as before, and walk down the remaining crowded stretch.\"Many others have taken to travelling by autos only one way , either on their way to or from work. \"Some of us have to catch specific trains in the morning and it is better to travel by auto rather than wait for a bus. But on the return journey , we have decided to walk back home and avoid taking autos,\" said Mahendra Shah, a businessman.Consumer rights activist Sunil Mone said, \"The hikes have really burnt a hole in our pockets. Commuters will definitely find ways to save money as with rising inflation, the cost of living of every commuter has gone up in Mumbai .\"Activists push for panel to study hikesMUMBAI: Consumer activists on Saturday visited state transport commissioner V N More to demand the setting up of an expert panel to review the recent auto and tax fare hikes. Activists said while hearing a PIL recently the Bombay high court had prodded the state to appoint such a committee by the end of the month , but the gov ernment is yet to take a call.\"We feel that an expert panel comprising representa tives from the finance sector , cost accountancy , commut ers and auto and taxi unions can review the hikes,\" said a consumer activist.Another activist from the Mumbai Grahak Pancha yat said More had recently appointed a nine-member panel to suggest how the recalibration of meters should be done and how commuter complaints should be han dled. \"But this will not be a solution to the problems faced by passengers ,\" he said.Defending the nine-member panel , More said , \"It'll give me feedback about what commuters and unions want . Our officials will try to fine-tune the system and ensure that all e-meters are recalibrated by the November 25 deadline .\"Addresses of 20% auto drivers not updatedMUMBAI: More than 20% addresses of auto drivers in Mumbai (about 22,000 drivers ) have not been updated in RTO records. So , showcause notices sent to these driver based on commuter complaints are often returned un delivered. Though RTO officials claim they blacklist the driver and prosecute them when they arrive for the annual auto fitness test, this is a time-consuming process. It takes six months to a year for drivers to arrive for the fitness test, and by then the complaint becomes old and it be comes difficult to investigate the offence . Sometimes drivers who fleece passengers using rigged meters undo the tampering before going for fitness tests and it be comes difficult to prove the offence.An official from the transport commissioner's office said , \"You can't expect miracles overnight . We are short staffed and have to send showcause notices by post. It becomes difficult to locate drivers within the manda tory 14 days .\" Transport officials say the fastest way to deal with complaints is by asking the traffic police to deal with errant drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900810", "title": "\u2018I made a mistake\u2019", "text": "Vijayalakshmi, of Chennai 600028 fame, says that she didn't make good use of her early movies. The actress made her debut in tinsel town with Venkat Prabhu's Chennai 600028 and was also part of his second film Saroja .The actress says that she was not serious about cinema then and that she was waiting for offers to come her way. She also added that she made many wrong choices in her films. She said she had made a mistake and that now she feels like a newcomer and wants to make it big in the industry.Vijayalakshmi is now receiving a lot of attention in the trailer of CS Amudhan's Rendavathu Padam .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16897108", "title": "Planters welcome Assam move to declare tea as state drink", "text": "GUWAHATI: The joint forum of Assam Tea Planters' Association (ATPA), North Eastern Tea Association (NETA) and Bharatiya Cha Parishad (BCP) welcoming the cabinet decision of declaring tea as the state drink.They said the decision of the state cabinet will help the beverage in getting the status of a national drink. The state's tea producers said Assam is synonymous with tea, which had a significant contribution to Assam's economic growth.They held that the new status accorded to the beverage recognizes the intrinsic relation tea has with Assam's culture, history and economy. It would be apt to declare tea a national drink as it plays an important cultural, historical and economic role in the country.\"The joint forum of ATPA, NETA and BCP welcomes the state cabinet's decision to declare tea as the state drink of Assam. The producer associations thanks chief minister Tarun Gogoi, industries minister Pradyut Bordoloi and all the other cabinet ministers and officials for taking this landmark decision,\" a statement of the forum said.Though the cabinet decision was taken only recently, chief minister Tarun Gogoi had announced tea as the state drink during the World Tea Science Congress held on the occasion of the 100-year celebration of Tocklai Experimental Station ( Tea Research Association) in Jorhat last year. Gogoi had said then that declaration of tea as the state drink will be a way forward in persuading New Delhi to declare tea as the national drink.However, Union minister of state for commerce and industry Jyotiraditya M Scindia said the matter of declaring tea as a national drink was not pursued following objections by some state governments, who felt that coffee was a more competing beverage. He added that as both (coffee and tea) have respective market shares declaring one beverage a 'national drink' will cost the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16897927", "title": "Jabalpur roads in bad shape as BJP, Congress slug it out", "text": "JABALPUR: Last week residents of Belkheda, 39 km off the Bhedaghat fall, were witness to a curious sight. Scores of labourers sat hunched on the national highway 12 (NH12) busy filling in the huge holes and gaps on the surface with clay. Upon enquiry, the team claimed to have been sent by the NH division of the central public works department (CPWD) for repair work.The men finished the assigned task totally disregarding the protest of the local residents who raised slogans against the sham exercise. Executive engineer CPWD confronted by the media later feigned ignorance about the goings on and hinted the team could have been dispatched by the state PWD. The CPWD, he declared was still awaiting funds to start the road repair on NH12.NH 12 is fast emerging as a major bone of contention between the BJP and the Congress. Although the centre has handed over the task of its maintenance to the state government in February 2011, the repair work assigned to the nodal agency - MPRDC - has shown no headway.Government sources claim that a proposal for the sanction of Rs 25 crores for maintenance of NH12 and 12 A has been forwarded to the government. Meanwhile, both rival parties are trying to gain political mileage out of the delay. Congress leaders specially N P Prajapati, MLA Gotegaon, alleged that the state government was trying to damage the image of central government and therefore, to confuse the masses it was deliberating stalling the NH12 repair work. BJP MP from Jabalpur Rakesh Singh trashes the claim and turns the table on the Congress party.Talking to TOI on Saturday Singh said, that a before taking on the repair work the state government needs centre's approval. A letter has been forwarded to the centre five months ago but there has been no response, it appears to be a conspiracy by the Congress party to discredit the BJP government and make the public resentful towards it he said.Meanwhile public anger is boiling over what Mohammad Razzak a vegetable vendor in Belkheda termed as the blame game between the two political parties. The farmers are already staging sit-ins to highlight the problem but the situation has remained unchanged for decades. \"We hear even Bihar has smooth roads now but we continue to bear with the backbreaking ride\", he said.The saffron anger over the virtually non existent NH 7 has peaked over the last fortnight at least two BJP MLAs have threatened to jam the highway if maintain work did not start within a week. Incidentally, national highway authority of India has already served a notice to Bansal Construction Company from Bhopal which had bagged the contract for repairs and maintenance last September. Bansal constructions had promised to begin work from October 1 but has obviously reneged on it, sources told TOI.In fact, last September the stretch between Maihar and Katni had become so bad that the sub divisional magistrate officially banned any vehicular traffic there, says Sunil Mishra ex Congress MLA from Katni Mudwara. But this drastic step, he adds, has also failed to change the grim reality and the highway continues to be a mess of potholes and craters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16897801", "title": "MLAs show interest in chasing car dream", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: They talk more about cars and bikes and mileage these days. Next to politics, automobile world has become the favourite topic of discussion among Kerala MLAs ever since the state government decided to grant them interest-free financial advance for purchase of vehicles.The decision was taken by chief minister Oommen Chandy following repeated requests, both from the ruling and opposition benches. The government has notified rules \"to sanction interest-free advances, instead of loans with marginal interest, to MLAs for purchasing vehicles\".The maximum advance an MLA can avail of is Rs 5 lakh. The amount could be used for purchase of any vehicle, including two-wheelers. All members except speaker, deputy speaker, ministers, opposition leader and chief whip are eligible for the facility.The notification, published as an extraordinary gazette, has taken off terms 'interest' and 'loan' from the scheme. This was done to avoid the interest burden.For, it is mandatory to charge interest if the scheme is termed as a loan, sources said. The government used to bear 10.5% of the 14.5% interest the Kerala Transport Development Finance Corporation charged on vehicle loans to MLAs. Currently, MLAs in Kerala legislative Assembly enjoy a monthly allowance of Rs 40,000 to Rs 50,000. The amount will be deducted from the allowance amount.The government first issued an order in this regard on June 19. Later it made amendments in the rules. The amendments were notified again as an extraordinary gazette on September 5.According to the amended rules, MLAs can avail of the advance either for purchasing a new vehicle or for settling the vehicle loans they have already availed of from financial institutions. Though the first gazette notification asked the MLAs to authorise legislative secretary for making deductions from the allowances, the amended rules cancelled the provision. The amount availed of as advance will be deducted from the monthly allowances of MLAs.Also the condition that only those who have no light motor vehicle registered in their name or their spouse would be eligible for the advance was also removed in the amended rules published on September 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16897994", "title": "Graffiti in Thiruvanthapuram airport toilet cleared", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: Acting swift on a complaint by a passenger, the office of the Union minister of civil aviation asked the authorities of the Trivandrum International Airport to clear all graffiti on the inside walls of gents' toilet at the airport.The directive was promptly complied with and the toilet walls were cleared of graffiti last week.The graffiti was noticed by Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee cultural cell vice-chairman Guru Nair, who was at the airport on October 8. Nair came across some expletives against the top women politicians of the country on the walls of a gents' lavatory. Soon he informed the staff-in-charge and the officials assured that they would remove it. After a few days he came to know from a friend that it had not been removed. He then sent a letter to the Union minister of civil aviation Ajit Singh and the latter asked the airport authorities to remove the graffiti immediately. Nair received a mail last week from the minister's personal secretary saying that the remarks have been removed and the staff posted has also been alerted to be more vigilant in dealing with such complaints.\"Being an Indian it is my duty to be conscious about such things. We usually tend to ignore or laugh at such remarks written on the walls. Since the Thiruvananthapuram airport is an international airport, many tourists from various countries will be using the rest room. I felt that such drawings will leave a bad impression about God's own country among them,\" added Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16895499", "title": "Cops, rebels play hide and seek in Magadh division", "text": "GAYA: On the third day of the landmine blast in which six CRPF personnel lost their lives and eight others received serious injuries, policemen and Maoists played hide and seek in the Dumaria-Imamganj region of Gaya district. The Maoists appear to have retreated to their hideouts in the neighbouring state.The police forces engaged in the demining and sanitization operation, according to sources, have been advised to be extra careful as an element of surprise has been the hallmark of the Maoist strategy. Moreover, the members of PLGA, the armed wing of the Maoist outfit, are well versed with guerilla warfare tactics.It is an uphill journey for the police personnel as they have to move against a less visible enemy enjoying locational advantage. Unlike the forces, the Maoists are fully familiar with the terrain. No less important is the fact that when it comes to gun battle, it is the Maoists who decide the time and location of engagement between the police and the Maoists.Another problem with the security forces, according to officials, is that whereas the police are expected to follow the rules of the game and ensure that no human right violations take place during such risky operations, the rebels are not governed by any such code of conduct. On more than one occasion, CRPF DIG Umesh Kumar has said that the policemen, too, like other ordinary citizens, have got the right to life.Politics also comes into play as majority of those killed in `encounters' between the police and the Maoists belong to the Mahadalit category.The propaganda war begun by the Maoists aims at limiting the manoeuvering space for those engaged in anti-Maoist operations. CPI(Maoist) spokesperson Paramjeet has accused the police force of killing Mahadalits in allegedly fake encounters in the name of Operation Greenhunt. Names of six such 'victims' from Barachatti, Banke Bazar and Dumaria police stations of the district have been given by Paramjeet.In private discussions, senior officials admit the need for a more credible information gathering mechanism. According to M A Kazmi, retired IPS, multi-tier intelligence mechanism and cross verification of inputs was required. The official claim notwithstanding, aerial surveillance and use of modern gadgets of location detection and communication taping have not been put to effective use, feel Naxal watchers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16896311", "title": "Teenage cancer victim lies untreated for lack of funds", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The parents of 17-year-old Abhijit Mishra have sold almost everything they had for their son's treatment, and are now looking at an uncertain future as they don't know where from they can arrange more funds. Abhijit, a resident of the remote Saliganja village in Jajpur district's Danagadi block, is suffering from cancer.When the Plus II student of Basyanagar College was down with cold last year, his mother did not worry at first. But, within weeks, the robust and healthy boy became totally bed ridden and was too week to move. Doctors at Jajpur government hospital suspected it might be cancer, and asked his parents to take him to Acharya Harihar Cancer Research Centre (AHCRC) in Cuttack.Throughout the long and grueling bus journey from Saliganja to Cuttack, the Mishras hoped against hope that the doctors would be proved wrong. However, after a barrage of tests at the hospital at AHCRC, their worst fears came true. Abhijit was diagnosed with blood cancer. Without intense radiotherapy and cycles of other costly treatments, his chances of survival were slim.\"We have sold almost everything we owned in our village to arrange money for the treatment of our son,\" said his father Paramananda, who works as a mechanic in a garage and earns Rs 6,000 per month.\"My husband has sold our cattle, hens, the bit of land we owned and even our furniture, but still we don't have enough money to cover the expenses of living in Cuttack and the special diet and medicines that Abhijit needs. Doctors advised us to admit Abhijit toa cancer hospital in Mumbai. But we have no money for that. That's why we have returned to our village,\" said Kanaklata, Abhijit's mother.From his bed, Abhijit understands that he is sick, but he has no idea of the desperate battle his family is fighting to ensure his survival.\"My son needs over Rs 3 lakh for treatment, but we cannot afford it and people are no longer so generous. I need help from the government and other sources,\" a distraught Paramananda said, his eyes moist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16900002", "title": "Both Mumbai, Chennai wanted to win for pride: Karthik", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: The IPL derby between defending champions Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings might have been reduced to a dead-rubber even before its start but both the teams were desperate to win the match for pride, said Mumbai stumper Dinesh Karthik .Even before the first ball was bowled on Saturday, the match was rendered inconsequential after Highveld Lions notched up a five-wicket win over Yorkshire earlier in the day to become the second team from Group B after Sydney Sixers to reach the semifinals of the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 , thus knocking out both Chennai and Mumbai.\"It (the match) was important for both the teams, and both wanted to win out of pride. Both play in the IPL, so we got a fight going on. It was good to play an important game and a game that had a close finish,\" said Karthik, whose whirlwind 74 went in vain as Chennai eked out a narrow six-run win over Mumbai in the high-scoring match.\"We are two IPL teams and we have a history of competing against each other so it was important for us to do the best that we can.\"At the end of the day it was a very good game and we play for the crowds and I am sure that they had a good game and a close game to watch. This is great for CLT20 , it just the fact that close games happen,\" he said.Chasing Chennai's challenging 173 for eight, Karthik led Mumbai's run chase with a scintillating 45-ball 74, which was studded with four fours and six sixes, but it was not enough as the Harbhajan Singh-led side could manage 167 for seven.\"The wicket was seaming a bit. It was tough to play shots off the fast bowlers, but things came out well for me; so I am happy with the way it went,\" Karthik said about his knock.He said the last game against Sydney Sixers might not have any significance for them in the context of the tournament, but they will try to give their best.\"They (Sixers) are the best team. I am not sure of the combination or who will play but whatever it is we come out and try and put up the best side that we can,\" Karthik concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900801", "title": "Culinary flight", "text": "Menus by celebrity chefs served in designer chinaware are the new heights of in-flight catering that fliers are gorging on with glee, finds out Amin Ali.Flying is a feast now. Gourmet binges at an altitude of 35,000 feet above sea level are the latest attraction for jet setters. Soggy rice, rubbery chicken and unappetising set meals have made way for sophisticated preparations by world-famous chefs Heston Blumenthal of Fat Duck, London, Vineet Bhatia of fabled London restaurant Rasoi and iconic chef Florian Trento of The Peninsula Hong Kong Hotel. No longer is one worried about pre-set timings for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Travellers can order entrees, main course or desserts at any time of the flight and lap up gourmet delights devised by the likes of Sam Leong from Singapore and Australian Matt Moran. Flying is now an experience you want to lap up rather than sleep through!Banquet in the airFrequent flier sommelier Magandeep Singh checks the cuisine and wine list on offer to turn his air travel into a culinary flight. \"Finest of locally produced wines being paired with a cuisine high on popular ingredients from a particular region is a great step to experience the culinary culture of a country,\" he observes. His argument holds merit as some of the inflight menus resemble food fests at popular eateries nowadays. Swiss aircraft have a menu boasting of cuisine from Switzerland's Solothurn Canton prepared by celeb chef Reto Lampart of fabled Lampart's restaurant in Hagendorf and delicious vegetarian cuisine from one of the oldest vegetarian restaurants in Europe, Hiltl in Zurich .Essa Sulaiman Ahmed of Emirates Airline says, \"Instead of making do with the staid meals on offer at stipulated times, travellers can order from a range of appetisers, hors d'oeuvres, entrees, desserts, fresh fruits and cheeses. These are served in Royal Doulton fine bone china and elegant Robert Welsh cutlery to add to the high-quality dining experience.\" Estonian Air treats travellers to a meal from a popular Estonian restaurant each month and Singapore Airlines lets you choose from their panel of eight celebrity chefs. Qatar Airways has roped in chef Ramzi Choueri for Middle Eastern cuisine, chef Vineet Bhatia for exotic Indian fare, chef Tom Aikens for a European delight and chef Nobu Matsuhisa for a fusion Asian feast for their fliers. The overall experience is enhanced by meals being dished out in designer chinaware, paired with equally stunning cutlery.Fresh from the oven...almost!The whole business of taking the mid-air dining experience to newer heights is keeping airlines and chefs on their toes. G M Toh of Singapore Airlines feels there is no option but to offer the best to beat the competition. \"One has to make the flying experience an affair to remember. After all, giving great taste, freshness and presentation in food within the limited space of an aircraft is a big challenge,\" he comments. Ensuring the food remains fresh and tastes great at that altitude is testing the cooking skills of even the best. \"An aircraft is a high pressure cabin in the air. At that height the food doesn't taste the same. We conduct workshops with the flight crew on how to serve tasty food that doesn't need elaborate preparations. We cook food on ground as close to the flight time as possible so that it tastes fresh when served in the air. To retain the taste, we intensify the food by marinating it and cooking it for a longer time. We add citrus fruits to tickle the taste buds and cut down on oils to make the meal light,\" spills chef Vineet Bhatia.Long haulWhat's more? International airlines have also forayed into specific baby meals, Jain meals, low lactose meals, gluten intolerant meals, diabetic meals and even ulcer diet meals! Dutch health food brand Vitalit has introduced a range of ready to have snacks containing antioxidants to prevent dehydration, Vitamin C and zinc shots to reduce fatigue and citrus fruitbased drinks for proper blood flow during long flights.With airlines working overtime to enhance the in-flight dining experience, you are advised to smile through the procedural delays, long queues and endless security checks. Once seated, a gastronomic ride awaits you.amin.ali@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16897753", "title": "Alleged rapist shot and injured", "text": "BANGALORE: The alleged rapists in the Jnanabharathi gang rape were searching for sandalwood trees when the victim and her boyfriend, sitting in a Volkswagen Polo, caught their attention. \"They threatened the two with choppers and axes, and broke the car's windowpanes. After threatening to kill the girl and her boyfriend, the gang dragged both out of the car, which was parked in front of the Old Examination Centre of Bangalore University in Jnanabharathi, around 9.30 pm. They took them to a wooded and isolated forest area 2-3 km away, and raped her,\" police said.The arrested men are Mallesha alias AC, 20; Maddura M, 20; M Shivanna , 20; Eerayya alias Eera, 20; Yeliyayya alias Kumar, 23 - all from Metari Doddi in Ramanagaram taluk; E Doddaheerayya, 19, of Hebbal in Hunsur taluk; and Rama, who was shot and injured in his leg on the Jnanabharathi campus. The eighth culprit is Raja, who is absconding, police said.DCP (West) SN Siddaramappa told TOI that two teams were combing the campus around 5.30pm on Saturday when they found four persons moving around suspiciously. Constable Ramachandra was attacked with choppers around 6pm.Kengeri inspector Satyanarayana, who saw Ramachandra being attacked, fired one round, while his colleague B Malatesh fired at the gang, injuring Rama. The other three fled on hearing the gunshots.Rama was taken to a private hospital, and then moved to Victoria Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895643", "title": "Abducted Dongri boy found in UP", "text": "MUMBAI: An eight-year-old boy from Dongri was rescued from the Uttar Pradesh home of his kidnapper on Saturday. The 30-year-old accused, identified as Rakesh Raghuvanshi, has been arrested.The boy's father, Ganesh Jadhav, had filed complaint alleging his son Manthan went missing on Thursday. The police initially registered a missing person's complaint, but as investigations into the case progressed, they changed it to a case of kidnapping.The police were flummoxed as there was no ransom call. Investigators inquired with friends and relatives of the boy's father, who is a wholesale vegetable dealer, and learnt that Raghuvanshi, who works in a scrap shop in Dongri, held some grudges against Jadhav. A few people also told the police that they suspected Raghuvanshi's involvement in the crime as he would often say that he was fond of Manthan and wanted to take care of him.Based on this information, the Dongri police formed a team and put Raghuvanshi's cellphone number under observation with the help of his mobile service provider. The move paid off: The police soon traced his location to Mirzapur in Uttar Pradesh. Instead of calling up Raghuvanshi, investigators chose to secretly raid his place. The Dongri police, with the help of the local police, raided his house and rescued the victim.The police team is bringing the boy and the accused to the city on a train and is likely to reach on Sunday afternoon. \"Our team worked hard and rescued the boy from Uttar Pradesh. Unless we interrogate the accused, it will be difficult to comment on Raghuvanshi's motive for kidnapping the child,'' said deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Ravindra Shisve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kishanganj/purnia", "code": "16895546", "title": "Puja pandals given finishing touches in Purnia", "text": "KISHANGANJ/PURNIA: The unique magnificence of the spirit of Puja reigns supreme now, with pandals being given the finishing touches everywhere. The azure sky and cotton clouds dotting the skyline only make it all the more vibrant and exciting.Though many puja committees are being more innovative in their themes in making the idol of Goddess Durga as well as pandals, there are still many who are not swept off by the eclectic changes that have occurred over the years.At Dey Market in Kishanganj, the idols still bear the golden touch of the perfect tradition with the organizers adhering to the old customs.Though the Dey Market Durga Puja entered its 88th year, the organizers have not brought about any change whatsoever. \"We have not deviated from the past tradition,\" says Chandan Sarkar, one of the organizers.The number of puja pandals has gone up considerably in every town in Purnia division with the population explosion and mushrooming of localities.However, there are still some spots where the Durga puja is cast in the old mould, and attract the devotees for their pristine glory and reverence.At distant Pauwakhali in Kishanganj district, the Durga Mandir is said to be nearly two centuries old.Tradition has it that Rani Padmavati got many Durga temples constructed in Purnia division, and one such was constructed at Pauwakhali. Every Navaratra, hundreds of people offer their obeisance here.Likewise, thousands of devotees throng the Durga temple at Purandaha, some 12 km from the sub-divisional headquarters of Dhamdaha in Purnia district during Sharadiya Navaratra.The Darbhanga Maharaj donated a 3.77 acre plot here for the construction of a Durga temple way back in 1889. The devotees make sacrifice of goats and bullocks in hundreds on Mahashtami and Mahanavami each year, says Bhola Nath Yaduka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16897208", "title": "Rare disorder treated at Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Doctors at the Vadamalayan Hospital, Madurai, claim to have successfully treated a person who was suffering from gestational thyrotoxicosis leading to Wernicke's encephalopathy, a serious neurological disorder, and helped her deliver a healthy infant.Speaking to media persons, a team of doctors from the hospital comprising Dr C Justin, Dr Anand Kumar and Dr Pricilla Gunasekar, said L Thavamani (18), who was pregnant with her first child, was brought to the hospital in the 16th week of her pregnancy because she was suffering from this neurological disorder.She was suffering from symptoms such as vomiting, reduced food intake, urinary incontinence and excess vomiting. Her condition made it difficult for her to walk and speech was slurred. It was a condition that had been prevailing since the second month of pregnancy.Laboratory investigations, ultrasound abdomen scan and MRI revealed that she was suffering from Hyperemesis Gravidarum and Wernicke's encephalopathy.One of the main reasons for this disease is deficiency of vitamin B-1 (thiamine). Though replacement of vitamin B1 normally helps tackle this condition, administering high doses of the vitamin did not solve the problem as far as this condition was concerned and her condition continued to deteriorate with the foetus too in danger.Gestational thyrotoxicosis is a condition that is due to pregnancy hormones ( HCG) stimulating the thyroid, causing excess thyroid hormone secretion, accelerated vomiting and progressive B1 deficiency resulting in Wernicke's encephalopathy.The thyroid hormones were blocked successfully with medications and the patient recovered dramatically. She delivered a healthy baby girl a few days ago.Doctors said gestational thyrotoxicosis leading to Wernicke's encephalopathy has been previously reported and published only in two other centres in the world.Dr V Pugalagiri, chairman and managing director of the hospital, said this case was proof that rare disorders could be treated in Madurai successfully.Gestational thyrotoxicosis is a condition that is due to pregnancy hormones (HCG) stimulating the thyroid, causing excess thyroid hormone secretion, accelerated vomiting and progressive B1 deficiency resulting in Wernicke's encephalopathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16898179", "title": "Ranike's former PA arrested in Nainital", "text": "AMRITSAR: In a major breakthrough in the rural development fund scam, the personal assistant of former cabinet minister Gulzar Singh Ranike, who resigned following the scandal, was arrested in Nainital by the vigilance department, a day after a cash award was announced for a tip-off on him.Vigilance SSP Opinderjit Singh Ghumman said on Saturday that Sarabdayal Singh, along with his brother-in-law Harjit Singh, was nabbed from a hotel near Nainital. \"He is being brought here which will help us conclude the investigations,\" he said . With this, the total number of arrested persons allegedly involved in the scam has touched 18.The scam had cost the animal husbandry minister Ranike his ministerial berth as he quit 'on moral grounds' to facilitate fair probe into the case on September 15. Ranike was the third minister to step down from the cabinet within six months of the government taking charge.Sarabdayal, along with a few others, was booked in June for embezzling grants worth Rs 1.15 crore by encashing 12 cheques meant for development work in Attari constituency. Sarabdayal allegedly collected the cheques from the local block development and panchayat office (BDPO), and encashed them using fake bank accounts opened in the names of beneficiaries from villages of Attari segment in Amritsar district.Suresh Arora, vigilance bureau DGP, said both the accused would be brought to Amritsar and produced in the designated court on Sunday for seeking police remand for their further custodial interrogation.Arora said during the investigation in the case, 23 accused have been arrested by the vigilance bureau while Sarabdayal and his brother-in-law were on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896983", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation defers hike in water tariff for now", "text": "LUCKNOW: The LMC house on Saturday decided to defer the revised water tariff for the time being after being objected Lucknow. The Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) house on Saturday decided to defer the revised water tariff for the time being after corporators objected to the revision in the meeting. Under the new tariff structure, people will have to shell out Rs 7.5 per kilolitre of water against Rs 2.5 per kilolitre which was the case earlier.The water tariff policy has been deferred on account of inability of the corporation to ensure timely sufficient and clean water supply to people. An official said: \"Against the standard of 165 litre of water per person every day, we are able to provide only 140 litre of water to people on a daily basis, hence an increase in the tariff is required to procure that kind of water. The corporators objected stiffly and said this proposal should be deferred till the time people get sufficient clean water supply.The house also approved the provision of making rainwater harvesting system mandatory for all housing projects, although these are not applicable for smaller houses. Residents installing RWH in their houses will be able to avail 5 per cent rebate on house tax for the first year.In another important decision, the house gave its nod to the new advertisement policy drafted by the sate government which lays strict rules for putting up hoardings in the city. The Citizen Charter was also approved which stated that if someone lodged a complaint in LMC, it would be addressed in a time-bound period, otherwise the official would be taken to task. However, repairing of roads was kept outside the purview of the charter.Among other proposals being approved by the house were-allocating a 'Jallaad' for every ward to cremate the dead stray dogs and also provision of a dumper and a bulldozer in every ward. The amount allocated for petrol and diesel usage by department vehicles has been raised from Rs 8 to 10 lakh. Then the house also approved a fund of Rs 10 lakh for the development of every ward, every three months. This proposal had earlier got the nod of the executive committee and also that all officials should respond to corporators' letters as soon as they receive them. Also, licences of various slaughter homes in the vicinity of residential areas would be canceled.The meeting was attended by various dignitaries like Rita Bahuguna Joshi, Mahendra Singh, Ravidas Mehrotra, Sharad Prasad Shukla among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896792", "title": "Auto men want more Regional Transport Office inspectors for fitness test", "text": "PUNE: Autorickshaw owners in the city have approached the state transport department demanding additional inspectors at the Regional Transport Office (RTO) for clearing the increasing pendency of fitness tests.The rickshaw men observed that considering the city's autorickshaw population, at least 150 autorickshaws should undergo fitness test everyday. However, at present, a mere 40 to 50 vehicles are completing the test.President of the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation Baba Shinde said, \"The state government's revised guidelines regarding fitness tests came to force last month. According to the guidelines, the motor vehicle inspector at RTO is expected to conduct fitness test of about 36 autorickshaws in a day. Many rickshaw men have failed to complete the test procedures due to the rush. It is now the RTO's responsibility to deploy additional inspectors to clear pendency.\"\"There are about 44,200 registered autorickshaws in the city. About 3,600 autorickshaws are expected to undergo fitness test every month. Instead of one, the RTO will now have to deploy at least four inspectors to clear the daily inflow of autorickshaws. The RTO has a team of 25 to 27 inspectors to conduct fitness tests of transport vehicles, but this is just not enough to handle the large vehicle population,\" Shinde said.Treasurer of the federation Pradeep Bhalerao said besides the rickshaw men, other transport vehicle owners in the city have been facing similar problems ever since the revised guidelines came into effect. The pendency would increase if the transport department does not initiate steps to address the staff shortage. Bhalerao said that delay in issuing of fitness certificates were leading to unrest and frequent arguments between the vehicle owners and RTO officials.An RTO official said special camps were already under way to issue fitness certificates to transport vehicles. If the three camps in the coming week registers good response, we will continue the initiative for the next three to four months. Besides this, steps are being taken to deploy additional inspectors at RTO's Alandi Road office to expedite issuing of fitness test to vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900094", "title": "Justin Timberlake sings 'My Love' for bride Jessica Biel", "text": "Justin Timberlake sealed his marriage to ladylove Jessica Biel by singing his number one hit 'My Love' to her at a star-studded reception, his friends have revealed.The 31-year-old singer married Biel in a sunset ceremony at Cala Masciola beach in Puglia, Italy, on Friday, the Daily Star reported.To dodge the paparazzi, many guests flew from Los Angeles via Germany to Italy on charter flights.The elaborate operation was mounted by US celeb magazine People, which is said to have paid 3 million pounds for exclusive picture rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895669", "title": "India gung-ho on Nagoya protocol", "text": "HYDERABAD: India is confident of getting the 50 required ratifications to the Nagoya Protocol during its two-year presidency of the Convention of Biological Diversity (CBD). Though an ambitious target, India is hopeful of success, said M F Farooqui, special secretary, Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), after the conclusion of the final plenary session of CoP-11 in Hyderabad. The session that began at 3.30 pm on Friday finally wrapped up its proceedings a good 12 hours later on Saturday morning, after intense rounds of talks on resource mobilisation. Fortunately for India, the new chair of the convention, the contentious issue was settled fairly amicably.The Nagoya Protocol that deals with access to genetic resources and the fair sharing of benefits of biodiversity among member countries, needs to touch the 50 mark to officially come into force. So far the protocol, despite an impressive number of signatories, has managed to get just about seven ratifications, with India being the latest entrant. The others on the list include: Gabon, Jordan, Mexico, Seychelles, Rwanda and the Lao People's Democratic Republic.At the beginning of the convention on October 1 (CoP/MoP-6), speculations were rife that at least a dozen more countries would come on-board the protocol. But as it turns out, India was the only party to make an official commitment. \"The process of ratification is very difficult. Countries need to have the required regulatory/legislative frameworks in place to ratify it. Many countries are working on it and we are sure that the numbers (of ratification) will increase rapidly during our tenure as president,\" Farooqui said adding that India would do all it can to help such countries sign on the dotted line. \"India has a lot of knowledge in this field. We will host capacity building workshops and share our experiences with the members over the next two years,\" he asserted.Also on India's agenda is setting up the 'resource mobilisation framework', said MoEF minister Jayanthi Natarajan congratulating the convention for successfully settling some \"unfinished business\".Apart from the issue of funds, what also was managed to be officially \"adopted\" by the plenary early on Saturday morning was the budget allocation to support the work of the CBD. Apart from Canada ($1.12 million) and the European Union ($3.4 billion) that made significant contributions to the convention's coffers, even developing countries such as India and several African states pledged additional funds over and above their core funding to the CBD. The country, along with the likes of Denmark, Finland, Republic of Korea, Norway among others is expected to fund an inter-sessional meeting on Article 8(j) of the convention (dealing with knowledge of indigenous and local communities on biodiversity) next year.\"These results, coming in a period of economic crisis, demonstrate that the world is committed to implementing the CBD,\" said Braulio Ferreira de Souza Dias, executive secretary of CBD at the concluding session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896224", "title": "Insufficient manpower to ensure food safety this Puja", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Apart from shopping and pandal hopping, eating out during Durga Puja is considered a must. However, one must be careful as the food being served outside comes with its own set of risks. But to make the situation worse, the government does not have sufficient staff to do a quality check this festive season.There are only ten food safety officers (FSOs) for the 30 districts. As each FSO has to take care of at least three districts, the food quality check would remain highly ineffective, sources believed.Government authorities said despite the manpower crunch, they are trying their best to manage the situation by asking officers to concentrate more on areas which will be inviting the largest of crowds.\"I understand we don't have sufficient staff to undertake effective quality control during the festive rush. However, we have asked officers to concentrate more on cities such as Cuttack and Bhubaneswar where the turnout of people is huge. Special squads have been constituted to check random checks of food samples during the festive season to ensure that these adhere to minimum quality standards,\" said director public health Dr Alekh Sahoo said.Sahoo said the staff crunch problem would be over by the end of this year. \"We have started the process to recruit 28 more officers. Scrutiny is on. All formalities would be over by the year-end,\" he said.After Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations 2011 was notified on August 1, 2011 by the Food Safety Standardization Authority of India (FSSAI), a statutory body under the Union health ministry to handle food related issues, the government re-designated the food inspectors as FSOs. However, because of their dwindling numbers, implementation of the regulations remains almost a non-starter in the state. \"As per the notification, we have time till February 2013 to comply with the various provisions,\" another senior government officer said.There were 26 posts of food inspectors in state, 16 of which were lying vacant. The government named them FSOs and increased the number of posts to 38. Besides 30 FSOs for the 30 districts, 12 major towns will have one FSO each, government sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16896927", "title": "Street lights to be repaired by Diwali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the festive season around the corner, the electricity wing of Chandigarh municipal corporation is all set to repair the street lights of the city. According to sources, material of over Rs 50 lakh has been purchased and if everything goes as planned then MC will be able to repair around 90% of the street lights before Diwali.During the previous house meetings, municipal councillors of almost every ward had alleged that over 70% of street lights in their respective areas are not functional, leaving the areas prone to criminal activities and other problems.Earlier during the electricity committee meeting, it was also revealed that the department did not have any raw material for repair of these street lights for the past two years. Following this, the agenda regarding purchase of raw material and other required material was passed by the committee.Arun Sood, chairman of the electricity committee of the MC, said, \"Unavailability of material was a major problem. Now we have purchased sufficient material along with new vehicles for the electricity wing. Work is expected to start soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16895868", "title": "Viramgam gang rape: Cops hunt for accused in Bhavnagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after four woman labourers were gang-raped by armed robbers near Viramgam, the Ahmedabad rural police have formed teams which have been sent to Bhavnagar and other locations to identify the suspects in the case and nab them.On Thursday night, a group of eight to ten men approached shanties of construction labourers near Narmada canal at Hansalpur village. They first robbed two families of Rs 30,000 after which they got hold of four women. They were taken at a distance of 50 meters and raped as the male members were overpowered by other accused. Their kids were held hostage so that nobody would raise any alarm.The robbers then disappeared. Later on Friday morning, the victims sought help from villagers of Hansalpur, who intimated police.\"We are taking cue from a similar incident that took place near Sanand in 2011 where a gang had assaulted two families of labourers from Madhya Pradesh in a similar fashion. They were first robbed after which their women were raped. Ahmedabad rural local crime branch had nabbed six persons from Bhavnagar, while seven others were declared absconding,\" said an Ahmedabad rural police official.A gang of eight to ten men approached shanties of construction labourers near Narmada canal at Hansalpur village on Thursday night and committed the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore/ madikeri", "code": "16898295", "title": "Injured male tiger caught in Kodagu", "text": "MYSORE/ MADIKERI: The male tiger captured near Thithimati in Kodagu is severely injured and weak, said vets at Mysore Zoo, after it was shifted there.They began treatment on Saturday morning to try and stabilize its worsening condition. The injuries are believed to have been sustained during a territorial fight with another tiger, zoo director BP Ravi said. The tiger is believed to be 14 years old, and is said to have killed five cattlehead in the recent past.It is suspected to have killed a cow on Saturday, hours before it was captured in Anechowkur range in Nagarahole Tiger Reserve. The animal was under mild sedation when it reached the zoo at 5am. Medical examination revealed the tiger has a big wound in the middle of its face, with a worn-out upper lip. The wound is full of maggots, and the tiger is in a critical condition, he stated.The tiger, which had created fear in Thithimati town, was trapped at 11.30pm on Friday. Unoj, a teenager who stepped out of her house to answer nature's call, sighted the tiger sleeping in a bush. She tiptoed back to her house and informed the family.Later, forest department trapped the animal and carried it away. The operation was guided by Hunsur wildlife ACF K D Belliappa, Mathigodu forest range officer Devaraju and his team. The tiger may require two months to recover, Dr Umashankar said.Two months ago, a male tiger was captured at Hebballa near HD Kote and shifted to the zoo, and is now recovering. It has responded to treatment and is gaining weight. It appears that both tigers were driven out of their territories due to old age and pushed to the fringe areas to sustain themselves , Ravi said. Tiger experts are trying to locate the 14-year-old tiger's history in their database.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16898224", "title": "IARI starts trials of shorter-duration basmati variety", "text": "PATIALA: The Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI), which has developed a new short-duration high-yield variety of basmati rice, has begun trials at its research-cum-demo centre at Rakhra, near Patiala.The new variety takes 120 days to mature as against 145-155 days taken by other varieties. Its yield is equivalent to that of the widely cultivated Pusa Basmati-1121 variety, which enjoys an 80% share in exports from the country. The new variety does not shatter, which is a major problem with Pusa Basmati-1121. IARI scientists, who visited the centre on Saturday morning, said the cooking quality of new variety is better than the other existing varieties in cultivation.Led by Dr Rakesh Seth, the monitoring team, which included senior rice breeder Dr Gopala Krishnan, Punjab State Seed Certification Authority's Dr Amrik Singh and the NSC's seed officer Satbir Singh, approved production of breeder seeds to the extent of 70 quintals.Seth said that the seeds of Pusa Basmati-1509 will be made available to farmers before the next kharif season. \"It is a revolution in agricultural research, providing an option to farmers for diversification and increase their profitability,\" he said.Secretary general of Young Farmers Association, Bhagwan Dass, said that since the new variety will mature around 25 days earlier, farmers would now be able to take a third crop between paddy and wheat and increase their profitability. It will also enable farmers to restore soil fertility, affected by the exhaustive rice-wheat rotation, of their land, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16895859", "title": "Art festival highlights Ahmedabad\u2019s global culture", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city of Ahmedabad is home to many prominent figures from across the globe. So much so, that it has become a melting pot of global cultures, ideologies and perceptions. But what brings them all together is their love for this city. And this is exactly what the Ahmedabad International Arts Festival aims at achieving.With its 'Citizens for the city' event held at AlphaOne mall, the who's who of Ahmedabad joined in for a discussion, followed by an artistic expression of their perception of the city. Keeping with the 'making sacred' theme of this year's festival, each individual gave their views on the words 'Ahmedabad', 'sacred' and 'divine' and combined the three to form their vision of what makes this city. The likes of environmentalist Madhu Menon, poet and playwright Chinu Modi, singer Viraj Amar, art critic S D Desai, Alliance Francaise director Philippe Martin, filmmaker Abhishek Jain and photographer Parmanand Dalwadi were among those who participated in the event. \"Ahmedabad to me is invigorating and energetic, and I see a great mix of Islamic, Hindu and Jain architecture along with a blend of cultures. This is what I put on my canvas,\" said social worker Tomo Kawane.S D Desai recited a poem titled 'My City' and Philippe Martin put down a verse by Sufi poet Bulleh Shah.At 'Sacred Cloths', another event of the festival conducted by Paulomi Lalbhai at Parijat Studio in Shahibaug, Amdavadis got to try their hand at block printing taught by local craftsmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896972", "title": "New Lucknow-specific Railway time table eases keeping track", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Lucknow-specific time table has put together the schedule of 350 trains originating from and passing through Lucknow division. The new timetable made by Shrigopal Shukla, office superintendent at the railway workshop, Alambagh was released on Saturday by chief workshop manager Jitendra Singh and deputy CME Prashant Singh.The time-table not only gives complete information about trains arriving at/departing from Lucknow, but also at other stations of Lucknow division like Varanasi, Faizabad, Pratapgarh, Sultanpur and others.Trains like Marudhar Express, which runs between Varanasi and Jodhpur, has different numbers through the week of its run. \"This is because the train takes different routes between Varanasi and Lucknow on all weekdays,\" said Shukla. For three days of the week a train runs through Faizabad as train number 14853, while for the other three days it runs via Sultanpur as 14863, and then via Rae-barely as 14865. For a passenger, this arrangement is confusing, but made convenient by the latest four-page time table for Lucknow division.Another train Awadh Express, going till Bandra Terminus, runs with two different numbers on different days of the week. For four days it originates from Muzaffarpur and runs as number 19035 and for the remaining days it originates from Gorakhpur and runs as 19039. There are other trains too like Patna-Kota Express passing through Lucknow which have different numbers on different days of the week.The time-table has also provided a list of 108 station names and codes to help people understand abbreviations like LKO (Lucknow), VNS (Varanasi), GKP (Gorakhpur) and GZB (Ghaziabad). At least 10,000 such copies have been printed and can be collected from the workshop free.\"Anyone can call me up on my number (9794791100) and collect the copy,\" said Shukla, adding that offices can order them in bulk. A similar time-table was released in 2008 and had information about 283 trains but now the number of trains has increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16896326", "title": "Tension in BHEL colony after families evicted", "text": "NOIDA: Tension prevailed in the BHEL colony on Saturday after three of 14 families were forcibly evicted from their homes and their premises sealed, on the orders of senior BHEL officials. The move came after repeated orders for vacating the flats were ignored by the residents, alleged BHEL officials. Residents, however, decried the use of \"forceful means\".The eviction started at 1pm under the supervision of the Gautam Budh Nagar district officials amid a strong police presence. City magistrate Pushpraj Singh led the operation lasting nearly five hours. He was supported by ASP Chinnappa and women police officers.The families tried to reason with the officials, asking for time to vacate their homes. They argued that they though received notices for vacating the premises, the company did not indicate any date by which they needed to move out. Residents said they should have been warned about the eviction. \"We would have then made alternative arrangements,\" said Mohini Rawat, an affected resident.Many residents said they had been living in the colony in Sector 17 for more than two decades. They said it was inhuman on the company's part to leave them homeless, and that too without warning. \"My family has been living here since 1984, and we are willing to cooperate. A solution needs to be worked out,\" said Anil Bisht whose father was an employee of the company, but passed away in 1996.BHEL officials, meanwhile, confirmed that there are 14 houses under various categories in the BHEL township in Noida, which are illegally occupied by families of deceased BHEL employees for the past two to 15 years. \"Despite several legal notices and a public notice dated June 22, 2012, published in newspaper, neither did the residents vacate the flats, nor did they reply to various notices given under the \"Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act, 1971,\" an official said.\"A final date of July 2 to vacate the flats was announced. As none of the occupants paid heed, we had to carry out the eviction,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16897950", "title": "Now, chain-snatchers hop off bikes &amp; knock on victim\u2019s door", "text": "MUMBAI: In a disturbing trend, emboldened motorcycle-borne thieves have now started landing up at a victim's doorstep. They call a victim out of her home on the pretext of asking for a random address. They typically target those who live in chawls and groundfloor flats of old buildings situated in narrow bylanes and quiet streets. The pillion rider keeps the victim engaged by asking confusing questions and suddenly lunges for her gold chain and quickly flees on the bike with the booty, the police told TOI.The thieves have started resorting to this new modus operandi following the police crackdown on the chainsnatching menace. They have been finding escaping from highways, main roads and even deserted stretches difficult due to regular police bandobast and patrolling of vulnerable locations. Their numbers have, therefore, dwindled.\"They knock on doors of residences after conducting a recce. They zero in on those who live alone or are on their own at a particular time of the day. It is our prime responsibility to safeguard women and their mangalsutra. Stern action is being taken so that the chain-snatchers remain behind bars for a longer period of time,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy.Last Tuesday, around 9.30am, two bikers allegedly targeted Vikhroli resident Kalawati Swamy (60) and fled with her gold chain worth Rs 1.35 lakh. She lives in a ground-floor flat at Tagore Nagar society. In her complaint , Swamy said, \"When I opened the door, a youth asked for some unknown person's whereabouts. He kept me engaged by repeatedly pointing out the address that he had scribbled on a piece of paper. Suddenly, he simply snatched my chain and ran towards a bike which was waiting outside. Both vanished before I could even shout for help.\"Vikhroli police senior inspector Mahapat Indalkar said the biker keeps the motorcycle ready to flee at any point. \"The new method of chain-snatching started after tightened police bandobast.\"Suggesting a solution, IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said, \"Storing extensive crime records, analyzing the modus operandi, fixing responsibility on beat marshals and extensive usage of closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras can go a long way in tackling this menace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16898403", "title": "Congress demands vigilance probe against Himachal cricket association over change in land use", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Taking up the cricket ground issue, Congress on Saturday alleged serious violation of rules by the cricket association, backed by the Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP), in connivance with senior government officials. The use of land in question at Darnu near here has been changed under the plotted plan, under the aegis of Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA), headed by the chief minister's son Anurag Thakur, they alleged.In a letter to vigilance and anti-corruption bureau, Congress leaders have demanded a detailed inquiry in the matter, involving senior bureaucrats, including then deputy commissioner and principal secretary, revenue.Congress leaders have demanded registration of an FIR over \"commission of cognizable offence under section 13 (1) (D) of Prevention of Corruption Act with section 120 B of Indian Penal Code.\" They will move the court if no action is taken against these people, they said.\"We have written a letter to vigilance department in this regard. We will wait for their action for a week. If nothing would be done, then further steps would be taken. BJP has made it a government of their own family. This is not acceptable in a democratic system,\" said Digvijay Puri, spokesperson of Pradesh Congress Committee.Initially, he said, the HPCA had encroached into prominent areas of this town and then started using these areas for commercial purposes. \"They have already sold our state to outsiders. What else they want from us. No officer took cognizance of this matter and the government turned a blind eye towards this matter,\" he added.Puri maintained that a piece of land measuring 3-28-6 hectares was allotted to HPCA for construction of residential buildings for players and for other sports-related purposes.\"But under a planned conspiracy, Vishal Marwah, secretary of HPCA, moved an application to deputy commissioner R S Gupta for allowing use of leased land for commercial purposes, who, bypassing the divisional commissioner (which is otherwise recommended in procedure), forwarded the letter to Deepak Shanan, principal secretary, revenue. Later, Shanan approved it immediately without seeking the approval of council of ministers and conveyed the NOC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896340", "title": "Sand mining rivalry led to panchayat president\u2019s murder", "text": "CHENNAI: A DMDK functionary and five of his associates arrested for murdering the president of Pon Vilaintha Kalathur panchayat in Chengalpet has confessed to the crime. The DMDK man Duraidoss said that the pachayat president Vijayakumar was involved in sand mining and the two had a fight over this.Police said during questioning, Duraidoss said Vijayakumar was involved in mining sand from River Palar. Duraidoss had opposed to this and he recently staged a road roko. After Vijayakumar beat up Duraidoss with the help of three men, he devised a plan to kill Vijayakumar. Vijayakumar was killed on October 11 on Varadharajan Street in Chengalpet.The six arrested have been remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate court in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897090", "title": "Voters awareness drive taken out", "text": "KANPUR: The additional district magistrate (City) Kanpur Nagar AK Srivastava on Saturday flagged off a voters awareness rally organized by the Civil Defence from Nawabganj area .The rally started from VSSD College gate and moved in and around the area. The members of Civil Defence who were taking out the rally asked the new voters to get their names registered in the voters list.Srivsatava asked the wardens to go to every house of the locality. He also urged the new voters to get themselves listed in the voter's list.TN Mishra, in charge controller, asked the wardens to go their areas and visit each house and provide them form 6 for fresh registration.Earlier, a street play was organized to aware the voters from the significance of voter list. Additional City Magistrate VIII th RC Tripathi greeted the street play team.Insurance employees form human chain to protest against FDI: The Kanpur Division Insurance Employees Association on Saturday made a human chain to lodge its protest against FDI, permission being granted to foreign malls, foreign investment in insurance sector and anti-public policies, at LIC building Mall road.The protestors held placards that read anti-government slogans. They also raised slogans and pledged to remain united on the issues.Addressing to insurance employees Ashok Tiwari, the general secretary of the association said that permission to FDI would affect 5 crore retailers.He stated that situation in USA and in India are quite different and Americans were also opposing the Walmart, which has been given permission to set up its store in the country.Discussing about pension fund he said that new pension scheme was launched in the year 2004. Today India's pension fund was to the tune of Rs 25,000 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897125", "title": "On sixth day of Navratra devotees perform parikrama of Durga temples", "text": "KANPUR: Chanting Jai Mata Di, holding coconuts, bangles and red 'chunries' in hands, devotees visited various Durga temples on sixth day of Navratra on Saturday. People remembered 'Katyani Mata' on Shasthi, who rides on lion and blesses her devotees with devotion and calmness.The devotees were also witnessed performing 'parikrama' at the temples in the morning.Long queues of devotees were seen at Vaibhav Lakshmi Mata temple, where the treasure of the goddess was distributed among the locals. Huge influx of people was also witnessed at Bara Devi, Kali Mata temple and Tapeshwari Devi temple.Darshan of Chinnamastika Mata will be allowed to the devotees from Saptami on Sunday to Navami on Monday. Women , elderly, youngsters and men made a beeline at the temples, many of them praying for good academic results family life.People also conducted piercing and mundan ceremonies. It is believed that Navratra is the best time to perform these rituals. There is also a scientific reason behind it. The humidity is low and bacteria do not grow rapidly. Hence, wounds do not get infected.Significance of Shasthi: Shasthi has a special significance for the Bengali community. Durga Puja Utsav starts on this day. Huge rush was seen at Kali Mata temples, including Maa Kali temple at Bengali Mohal in Shivala.Maa Kali temple is around 500 years old. According to locals, Kali, the goddess of power, visits the temple in 'purna swaroop' and fulfills the wishes of her devotees.The other custom at the temple is to lock the 'wish lock' inside the temple to get wishes fulfilled by Maa Kali. The tradition of locking the wish in form of wish lock started around 70 years ago. A devotee named Thakur, who was accused of murdering by a fellow villager, came to the temple and asked for help. The caretaker of the temple asked him to lock his wish at the temple door. The man got bail that day and all the allegations against him were withdrawn.The devotees made it a custom to lock their wishes at the door with a belief that Kali Maa will fulfill all the wishes.\"It is all about faith. My forefathers worshipped at the temple. It has bocome a custom to serve the goddess,\" said Ravindra Dwivedi, caretaker of the temple.ll the rituals and 'puja' are performed according to Bengali traditions and culture. \"During Amavasya, we sacrifice an animal to please the deity. Once in a month a lamb is gifted to goddess to enhance her power and energy,\" Dwivedi added.During Saptami and Navmi, special sacrifice of five animals is conducted in the temple. Maha Kali Puja is organized during Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896760", "title": "Abu Jundal in Gujarat Police custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday handed over the custody of Abu Jundal, the 26/11 key handler and Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist, to Gujarat Police after National Investigation Agency said his custodial interrogation was over. NIA was questioning Jundal for his alleged involvement in a Lashkar conspiracy to carry out terror strikes across the country.After Jundal was sent to judicial custody till November 3 by special CBI judge Talwant Singh, the Gujarat ATS told chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Parkash about his alleged involvement in the 2006 train blast case in Ahmedabad. The court allowed the Gujarat ATS to interrogate Jundal till October 31 in the Karanawati Express blast case and asked the Tihar Jail authorities to provide police assistance to ensure that the accused is safely taken to Gujarat on a plane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895976", "title": "Wakf Board inquiry officer in Anti-Corruption Bureau net", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Friday trapped the inquiry officer of AP State Wakf Board, when he took Rs 10,000 bribe from a complainant at a hotel in Nampally.The accused, Mir Shujauddin, 62, is working as an inquiry officer, with the Wakf Board. After his retirement from the board, he was hired as an inquiry officer on a few occasions in the past. At around 2 pm, ACB sleuths caught Shujauddin red-handed at Grand Plaza Hotel in Nampally, when he demanded and accepted Rs 10,000 bribe from the complainant, Syed Mohammed Lal of Zillapur village in Mahbubnagar district. Lal allegedly sought officer's favour in two issues, one related to his work as mutawalli and the other with regard to encroachment of wakf land.Shujauddin had reportedly demanded Rs 25,000 from Lal to write the report in his favour.tnn\"Shujauddin took bribe to submit report in Lal's favour, allow him to continue as mutawalli and to allot a major portion of 136 acres of wakf land in his favour,\" an ACB official said.The bribe amount was recovered from the accused. Shujauddin was arrested and will be produced before the principal special judge for SPE &amp; ACB Cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897894", "title": "State's foundation day to be celebrated as Madhya Pradesh Day", "text": "BHOPAL: State's foundation day will be celebrated as Madhya Pradesh foundation day. Besides, various programmes will also be held from November 1 to 30.The main function at the district level will be held on November 1 at 10.30 am where the chief guest will unfurl the national flag and read out chief minister's message. The chief guest will also administer pledge for the state's development and progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16897222", "title": "Caste name on restaurant hoarding creates furore in Srirangam", "text": "TRICHY: Caste politics reared its ugly head once again in Srirangam when a few hundred members of the Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam, Periyar Paasarai and Periyar Thathuva Maiyyam jointly agitated in front of a small restaurant, seeking removal of its name board that carried the appellation \"Bramanal\" in addition to the name of the restaurant.The 100 sq ft restaurant on E V S Road in Srirangam, right in front of the Rajagopuram, is known as \"Sri Krishna Iyer (Parambariya Bramanal Cafe). The agitators took objection to the two words in the parenthesis that is translated as \"Traditional Brahmin's Cafe.\" It is not a caste war, but it is about equality of all citizens, they said.According to V Saravanan, the district secretary of the Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam (not to be confused with the Dravida Kazhagam headed by K Veeramani), the word \" Brahmin\" is interpreted as \"one who is higher in status to others\" and hence it was against the spirit of the Constitution.\"If I carry a nameplate in front of my house denoting that I am a paragon of virtue, does it not mean that my neighbour is a man of dubious distinction,\" Saravanan asked. In fact, Saravanan and Seeni Vidhuthalai Arasu who represents Periyar Paasarai, instructed the owner of the restaurant, 33-year-old Krishna Iyer four months ago to remove the objectionable term, \"Brahmin\" that they claimed found no mention in any literature and was a figment of imagination. Saravanan also told TOI that the \"imperious names\" had been removed from the nameplates of Tamil Nadu prior to 1953 after E V Ramasamy launched a war against it, and they were slowly reappearing in the state to reclaim their \"false hegemony\" over others. \"We have no objection to declare their names either as \"Iyer\" or \"Iyengar\" but never as \"Brahmins,\" Saravanan explained.On the contrary, the owner of the restaurant, Krishna Iyer, told TOI that his birth certificate carried the appellation of \"Hindu-Brahmin,\" and that \"Brahmin\" was the umbrella word of his caste under which there were 6,224 sub-sects such as Rayar, Gurukkal, Sthanigar, Prohither, Sastrigal, Sivachariyar, Iyer, Iyengar, and so on and that he was well within his rights to proclaim his name. He said he would give up the claim to his traditional name if the rationalist movement was ready to remove the statue of E V R Periyar, the icon of the Dravidian movement, from its present location in front of the Rajagopuram. \"They have every right to stick to their atheism, but the statue hurts the feelings of about six crore pious Hindus in the state,\" Krishna Iyer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896779", "title": "Was Mirza Himayat Baig in Aurangabad when blast happened?", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution in the German bakery blast case trial produced a witness in the court on Saturday to prove how homebred 'terrorists' use the Al Qaeda module to mislead investigators and contradict the common line of investigation.Earlier, the prosecution had produced enough witnesses to prove that the lone conspirator, Mirza Himayat Baig, was in the city on the day of the blast i.e. on February 13, 2010. State ATS's investigations have also proved Baig was in Pune at that time. But a prosecution witness on Saturday said that Baig was in Aurangabad on that day.The witness (name withheld) from Udgir in Latur district deposed before the additional sessions judge N P Dhote on Saturday. In the cross examination conducted by senior lawyer A Rehman and his junior Kainat Shaikh, the witness told the judge that he met Baig in Aurangabad at 8.30 pm on the day of the blast in Pune. The blast happened around 7 pm and it takes at least 5 to 6 hours to reach Aurangabad by road.The witness said that he had gone to Aurangabad to appear for the laboratory technician's examination. He had made a telephone call to Baig, whom he called 'Hasan' in the court, around 6 pm to tell that he was reaching Aurangabad. He said that Hasan (Baig) had asked him to attend a wedding reception at Roshangate in Aurangabad.The witness gave details of his association with Baig when he was examined by the special public prosecutor Raja Thakare. He told the judge that Baig had introduced himself as a social activist when he met him in a train in 2009.The witness said that he later met Baig at the Global internet cafe in Udgir. Baig then invited the witness to a meeting by a popular front of a political party in Pune on January 31, 2010 for discussing the issue of reservations for Muslims.\"I came to know about the real name of Baig after he was arrested in the blast case,\" the witness said. He replied in the negative when asked by the prosecutor whether Baig had told him that he wanted to take revenge for the atrocities committed on Muslims.The witness at the time of leaving the court room expressed fear that he may be harassed by the police. The judge assured him that the law would protect him. Thakare asked the witness to contact him if he had complaints against the police.The prosecution has examined 97 witnesses of which nine have identified Baig.After the court proceedings, Thakare said, \"The evidence given by the witness that Baig was in Aurangabad does not have an impact on the prosecution's case. We have led evidence of the witness to show that they act as per the Al Qaeda manual to misguide the investigative agencies.\"Thakare further said, \"Baig's presence in Pune was established. He had come here for a recee. An autorickshaw driver who had ferried Baig had deposed that he dropped him near the Central mall around 4.15 pm on February 13, 2010. It is not the prosecution's case that Baig had gone to the bakery. Even if a person leaves Pune on a two-wheeler, it is not possible for him to reach Aurangabad without stopping by 8 pm. An attempt is made to show that Baig had met the witness in Aurangabad on the blast day,\" Thakare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16896316", "title": "Flat allottees have to pay 40% extra", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has refused to withdraw the 40% hike in allotment charges for the 2006 residential housing scheme. The Authority has set a deadline of November 5 for the allottees to pay up for possession of their flats.Soon after the draw of LIG and EWS flats for about 1,400 allottees last month, the Authority informed them about the hike in view of the increase in property rates over the past six years. The hike comes to be about Rs 5 lakh each. Allottees can pay 40% of the amount in two instalments but the first instalment must be paid by November 5. \"We will request the CEO one more time and then plan our next action ,\" said S K Chandra, an allottee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896162", "title": "Congress leader switches sides, praises Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Narendra Modi's 'Sadbhavana' has got a new face \u2014 a Muslim woman from Congress. Asifa Khan, convenor of the media cell of All India Mahila Congress and former Gujarat Congress spokesperson, crossed over to BJP on Saturday.Modi is likely to promote Khan, a former journalist, as the face of the party. While BJP leaders maintained that the party will decide on her role later on, Khan, known to be an articulate communicator, is likely to defend the BJP on minority-related issues on television.There is also a possibility of BJP fielding her from Vagra in south Gujarat \u2014 a constituency with sizeable Muslim voters. Vijay Rupani, spokesperson of Gujarat BJP, welcomed her in the party. At a small ceremony held at state BJP headquarters in Khanpur, Khan said she was impressed with the development in Gujarat under the state chief minister.On her her sudden change of heart, she said that it was a gradual process and she is now totally devoted to the cause of the party and will work in whatever capacity the party deems fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16897920", "title": "Left MLAs make most of government scheme", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: The government scheme to provide interest free financial advance to representatives to buy cars has benefitted about 10 MLAs, mostly Left members, who didn't own any vehicle. They have all either bought or booked new cars.\"I recently bought a Swift. Mavelikkara MLA R. Rajesh has booked a Swift D'zire,\" said TV Rajesh, CPM MLA from Kalyasseri. C. Krishnan, CPM MLA from Payyannur, also bought a new car using the advance. But CPM leader and former speaker M Vijayakumar expressed the view that scheme was contrary to government line on financial discipline and austerity.\"MLAs have been raising this demand for some time now. To be frank, it's a paradox to give interest free loan or advance to MLAs even while the government talks about financial discipline and austerity. People's representatives are expected to lead by example. I don't think the move is necessary at all,'' he said.But three-time MLA and Congress leader V D Satheesan is of the view that the scheme would be helpful to many members in the Assembly. ``It's very difficult to manage the expenses with the allowances we get. We can't be hiring cabs for every journey. MLAs have to run their offices and travel extensively. I spend around Rs 25,000 to meet fuel expenses alone. Of course there are many MLAS without a car on their own,'' he said.It's very difficult to manage the expenses with the allowances we get. We can't be hiring cabs for every journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16895891", "title": "India doesn't need FDI in retail to grow", "text": "One of the few economists who predicted the financial crisis of 2008, Nobel Laureate Joseph Stiglitz is also credited with starting the \"1% versus 99%\" debate. The Columbia University professor talks to Shobhan Saxena about his latest book, \"The Price of Inequality\", in which he argues that economic inequality leads to instability.In your book, you argue that an equal society is more efficient and productive. How does inequality destroy productivity and create instability?The title of the book reflects a view that counters the right-wing argument that inequality may be a bad thing but to do anything about inequality is to kill the goose that lays golden eggs. Inequality is bad for economy, democracy and society. Much of the inequality in the US arises out of rent-seeking -monopoly, exploitive practices by banks and corporate exploitation of public resources. In the Indian context, you will call it corruption but we call it corruption American-style, where you give away natural resources below market prices. India is doing it now but America has a long history of doing this.There is a clear association between inequality and instability. People at the top don't spend too much, they save a lot but people at the bottom spend everything. So you redistribute income from the bottom to the top and demand goes down. That makes an economy weak. That is what happened in the US. We would have had a weaker economy, but the Feds stepped in by creating a bubble that created more demand to offset the demand that was going down. Of course, creating a bubble was creating instability.The financial crisis that started in 2008 is still continuing but it seems nothing is being done to check inequality...Both the IMF and the UN commission that I chaired came to the conclusion that inequality was one of the major causes for the crisis. It is not the direct, precipitating cause that bad lending was, but bad lending was a result of deregulation and the interest rates that were itself a result of inequality. If we don't improve inequality and don't do something else, it is going to be hard to get back to robust growth and prosperity. We are likely to have another housing bubble.In the US, there is a lot of anger against Wall Street but in the presidential debates none of the candidates have mentioned the word 'inequality'.American politics is money-intensive and money-driven. Each of the candidates is expected to spend a billion dollars. When you spend so much, you have to go where the money is, and money in America is at the top. Therefore it is not a surprise that in the campaign you don't hear a lot of discussion about inequality and the 1%. You don't bite the hand that is feeding you in the middle of an election.Will the debate over '1% versus 99%' last or is it just a phase?It will be a part of America unless we address inequality. It is just not that the top 1% get three to four times more that what they got in the 1980s, but the middle class today is worse off. When you have this degree of stagnation in the middle, there will be an expression through the political process.You say that GDP is not the right way to measure a country's real strength. In India, we talk too much about our growing GDP. Is that a mistake?I haven't looked at India exactly, but it has strong implication for every country. In the case of China, if you take into account the environmental degradation and resource depletion, growth is much less than what it seems. You need that debate in India. Your GDP is going up, you have per capita highest number of billionaires but at the same time you have many people in poverty. So the GDP per capita doesn't capture what is happening. In India, the progress in the middle and at the bottom has been less than what GDP in itself would like you to believe.What impact will FDI in retail have on the Indian economy?The advocates of FDI have probably put too much emphasis on it. India is in a different position than a small, developing country. You have a large pool of entrepreneurs. They are globally savvy, have access to global technology and they have a lot of wealth. So, if there were large returns to large-scale supermarkets, the domestic industry would have supplied it. Not having access to FDI is not an impediment in India. Wal-Mart is able to procure many goods at lower prices than others because of the huge buying power they have and will use that power to bring Chinese goods to India to displace Indian production. So the worry is not so much about the displacement of the small retail store but displacement further down the supply chain.But big chains may create more jobs.Some of the profits of companies like Wal-Mart come from free riding on our society. They don't provide healthcare benefits and assume that the spouses of the workers get healthcare benefits from their other employees or through some other mechanism. They might not be a good employer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897814", "title": "Indian nuclear liability law continues to raise US hackles", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian nuclear liability law continues to cause problems, with the US insisting it does not meet \"international practices\".William Burns , US deputy secretary, who met Indian government officials on Friday, told TOI, \"As India moves ahead towards ratification, we believe it is important to continue to consult with the IAEA , to try to ensure that India's practices are consistent with international standards. Again, that is not a favor to the United States or anyone else, because it is going to be in the self-interest of India's development in that field.\"Four years after the Indo-US deal, the implementation has been frustratingly slow, he said. \"We're continuing to work through this \u2014 through the concerns that do remain about nuclear liability.\"India and the US continue to have significant differences on the liability issue. An amendment to the rules and regulations of the liability law lapsed in Parliament after the last session since it could not be discussed. More recently, MR Srinivasan, former chief of DAE, expressed serious concerns about the liability law particularly with regard to Indian firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896363", "title": "TMC minister frees drunk men held for bashing up cop", "text": "KOLKATA: A minister in the Mamata Banerjee cabinet allegedly barged into Tollygunge police station in the wee hours of October 12 and forcibly released four youths who had been detained for beating up a police officer on duty.To hush up the fracas, the officer-in-charge did not inf-orm his superiors and ins-tead asked the assaulted officer to go on leave. The incident has sparked grievance among subordinate police staff.Police sources said that around 1.45am on October 12, a Swift Dzire and a mini-truck had a minor collision on SP Mukherjee Road. The occupants of both vehiclesstepped out on the road got into a scuffle. Prantar Banerjee, a sub-inspector from Tollygunge police station, rushed to the spot, ended the fight and asked both drivers to report to the police station, about 500 metres way.Police sources say the men in the car (WB06-G 3660) tried to flee but Banerjee chased it and intercepted it at Mudiali. But when he asked the four occupants to get out of the car, they pounced on him, tore his name tab and rained blows on him. All four were drunk, say police.Constable Ashok Barua, who was with Banerjee, called for help and reinforcements rushed from the police station to rescue Banerjee. The four youths were bundled into a van and taken to the police station. \"All along the way, they were flaunting their political connections and threatening us with dire consequences,\" said a police personnel. Another cop said that one of the detainees called someone on his cellphone.A little later, the duty officer was registering a minor collision report (MCR-179/2012) and Banerjee had just begun to write a general diary describing how he was attacked, when the minister stormed into the police station. He summoned the officer in charge and ordered him to release the four suspects. The OC agreed. Initially, some policemen tried to protest, but the OC allegedly threatened that they would be punished if they don't comply with his order. Banerjee was asked to go on sick leave the next day, which is unusual for a policemen before Durga Puja. When TOI contacted him on Friday evening, Banerjee refused to speak. \"I am on leave at my native place. I don't want to speak,\" said Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16900677", "title": "Problem of plenty for BJP : Nearly 100 queue up for 5 seats of Valsad district", "text": "SURAT: As expected, ruling BJP is facing a severe problem of plenty in their exercise to find right candidates for different assembly segments in South Gujarat. Voting for the state assembly segments is to be held on December 13, 2012 in this area.In Valsad district that has five assembly segments, despite poor performance in last assembly elections, nearly 100 aspirants have come forward seeking party mandate to fight December elections.In Valsad town where a five term sitting MLA Dolat Desai has announced his retirement and wish not fight elections this time as many as 34 aspirants have put in their claim for the seat.A three member team of State BJP observers that heard the claims of all the prospective candidates for the full day at Valsad said, \"This shows the faith of people in the present regime and we are planning to make a clean sweep in the district this time.\"During last assembly election, Congress managed to won two of the five seats from the district. Valsad, Pardi and Umaragam were won by BJP where as Dharmapur and Kaprada were bagged by Congress.\"As there are so many aspirants for few seats it is likely that inner party revolt of local nature could come about after Diwali as some of the candidates are very serious about fighting the elections,\" said an aspirant of BJP from Pardi seat.Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) led by former Gujarat Chief Minister Keshubhai Patel is waiting and watching. It is more than likely that few prospective candidates who fail to get ticket from BJP will jump in GPP bandwagon and harm BJP chances on seats like Umargam and Pardi.Of the five assembly segments, 34 aspirants have put in their papers for Valsad, 12 in Pardi, 14 in Umargam , 15 in Dharmapur and 6 in Kaprada.A three-member team of MP Ramsingh Rathwa, Surat MLA Nanu Vanani and Mahila Ayog chairman Sita Nayak heard the claims of aspirants and said, \"We will give our report to the party leadership that will help in taking the final decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16896971", "title": "Eateries in Kochi hike food prices, blame it on fuel and groceries", "text": "KOCHI: For Kochiites who depend on eateries, this is indeed depressing news. Almost all the restaurants in the city have hiked the rate of food items, citing the increase in the price of cooking gas and groceries. And eateries that are yet to hike prices are planning to do so in a week or tw.Even though there has been no uniformity in the increase, on an average there is a 10 per cent hike. While some restaurants have hiked the rate of meals by Rs 5, at many eateries the price has gone up by Rs 10. Chicken biriyani is now Rs 90 and mutton biriyani Rs 100-110 in most hotels. The price of masala dosa has registered an increase of Rs 3 to 5.Restaurateurs claim the hike is based on the expenditure incurred.Many hotels have also hiked the price of tea and coffee as the price of Milma milk has gone up by Rs 5.However, restaurateurs said a majority of eateries had not hiked tea/coffee prices as they were buying milk from other companies. But with Milma hiking price, other companies are also likely to do so in the coming days. Hotel owners said they were having a tough time on the cooking gas front too. The price of a cylinder has gone up from Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,500 in a month's time. There is also a shortage of supply.\"With LPG cylinders becoming scarce in the city, we have been procuring them from distant places or from private agencies, which have hiked the price following the shortage. When we procure gas from distant places, we have to bear the transportation cost also,\" said M P Shiju, district president, Kerala Hotel and Restaurants Association.They said following the increase in petrol and diesel prices, they were forced to hike the wages of their employees. Maintenance charge has also increased with the implementation of the food safety and standards act. They also maintained that they had hiked food prices only by 10% though the price of groceries had gone up by 30-50%.However, there are a few eateries in the city who are reluctant to hike prices fearing a fall in their customer base. \"We are holding on as there are chances of cooking gas price coming down by next week. If that doesn't happen, we are planning to hike food prices by this month end,\" said P A Babu, proprietor of Anantha Bavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16896377", "title": "House burgled in sector 31", "text": "GURGAON: Burglars barged into a house in Sector 31 and decamped with jewellery and valuables worth around Rs 6 lakh. An FIR has been lodged.The victim Gaurav Joshi, a native of Kanpur, is a resident of the housing board colony in Sector 31 with his wife. Joshi is a professor and his wife works with a private firm in Gurgaon.The burglars struck when the couple was not in the house and ran away with diamond and silver jewellery on Friday. The couple had got the jewellery worth Rs 10 lakh from their parents some time back.The Sector 40 police have lodged an FIR on the basis of the statement of Gaurav Joshi. \"We are investigating the matter,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16900573", "title": "Situation conducive in J&K; for phased withdrawal of AFSPA: Omar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Stressing that situation was conducive for phased withdrawal of Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) from Jammu and Kashmir, chief minister Omar Abdullah has said there should have been more progress on the issue and he would continue to pursue the \"mission\".\"I have made no bones about the fact that we should have made more progress on that (AFSPA). I believe we are comfortably placed for the phase-wise removal of the AFSPA,\" he told reporters on Sunday after presiding over the Police Martyrs' Day function at Zewan in the outskirts of the city.Omar said although the Army has publicly expressed its reservations about the revocation of the AFSPA in the state, he would continue his efforts for the withdrawal of the act in phases.\"It is a no secret that Army has very publicly expressed its reservation on the issue. As far as I am concerned, it is a mission worth pursuing and I am going to pursue this objective,\" he said.Omar said all the indicators of the situation in the state pointed that the time had come for phased withdrawal of the controversial act.\"I believe the situation and circumstances allow for it. Militancy is at an all time low, casualties are at an all time low, you continue to have areas where the Army has no requirement for operations and, therefore, this is as good time as any (for revoking AFSPA),\" he said.Earlier, addressing the gathering of families of police martyrs, serving and retired police personnel, the chief minister said the state police is one of the best forces in the country and can take up any challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16895871", "title": "Can the Malala moment carry the day in Pakistan?", "text": "Strange things do happen. The all-round outrage that followed the Taliban's murderous attack on a courageous 14-year-old girl in the Swat Valley is proof that it's possible for Pakistan to remake itself as a moderate society and nation.Osama bin Laden being found and executed by Barack Obama's commandos in Pakistan last year was a bigger international story than a domestic one. It didn't really lead to any great soul-searching in the establishment or in civil society on why the world's most wanted militant was living quietly next to a military cantonment.But the shooting of Malala Yousafzai in Mingora in Swat on October 9 has caused major churning in Pakistan. It has led to emotional responses and anger at the Taliban that has rarely, if ever, been seen in the country.A teenager, who thought nothing of taking on the Taliban, has actually shown Pakistan the path of possibility. That fundamentalism and violence in the citadel of Islam weakens the country and saps the strength of its people.Her courage has shown up many, if not a majority, Pakistani politicians who rarely, if ever, condemn the violence unleashed by the Taliban.Malala didn't have any security. She lived and fought her battles in her own, unprotected space. It was her courage to speak out that first saw her write for the BBC's Urdu website.Over the years, the distinction between liberals and conservatives has blurred in Pakistan. Yesterday's popular cricketer and today's aspiring politician Imran Khan has followed in the footsteps of former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in waffling on the issue of the extremist threat in Pakistan.Imran Khan has been soft in his statements, preferring to target the United States and its drone attacks but hardly using his public stature to take an outright position against violence by the Taliban and the activities of other jehadi groups in the country.Pakistan has witnessed the bizarre and very public celebration of an act of murder -that of Punjab governor Salman Taseer in January 2011. Mumtaz Qadri, a member of Taseer's security detail who shot the governor, was hailed as a hero by the religious right in Pakistan.Like Taseer, Shahbaz Bhatti, Pakistan's minister for minority affairs, was assassinated a couple of months later for daring to speak out against the country's blasphemy laws. The Taliban termed Bhatti a \"blasphemer\" like Taseer. The clear and present danger to Pakistan and its society comes solely from within. The secret intelligence state has imperilled the innards of the nation and society by backing all kinds of intolerant elements in Pakistan.As India learned to its peril in its Punjab in the 1980s, the establishment's rearing of militants is not a chemical reaction that can always be controlled or used for the purpose of their creation.In a speech made in Baku, Azerbaijan, Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari described Malala as his own daughter and called for a struggle against the militant mindset. \"We have suffered from the unintended consequences of the choices we all made,\" Zardari added, referring to the arming of the mujahideen 30 years ago to fight the Soviet Union not just with weapons but with ideology.On October 10, Army Chief Ashfaz Parvez Kayani visited Malala at a Peshawar hospital. Soon after the Army said in a statement, \"In attacking Malala, the terrorist(s) have failed to grasp that she is not only an individual, but an icon of courage and hope...a symbol of the values that the Army, with the nation behind it, is fighting to preserve for future generations.\"Both the political class and the army / intelligence establishment are aware of the deep inroads made by the \"militant mindset\" into not just the politics of Pakistan, but in everyday life in the country.What you wear, how much of your body is covered (especially if you are a woman) by clothing, the length of your beard, how many times you are seen saying your prayers...one could do on...are these the issues that should consume a nation of 180 million plus people?The attack on Malala is proof that the Taliban in Pakistan cannot tolerate a 14-year-old girl's commitment to her own education and that of other girls.It has been popular in Pakistan to use the Islam-in-danger argument to further your own politics of the day. Both political parties and the Army generals are guilty of this. The judiciary has either played bystander or acquiesced in implementing the agenda of proliferating fundamentalist outfits.If the Malala moment is to linger, then a new politics, which is tolerant and allows space for dissent, appears to be the obvious next step. A 14-year-old girl has shown the mirror to Pakistan's politicians and generals.The writer is the South Asia Studies Fellow at Gateway House, Indian Council on Global Relations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16898331", "title": "Hardly any rail link disconnects voters with Congress", "text": "SHIMLA: Toy train rides on Kalka-Shimla and Pathankot-Jogindernagar tracks are travellers' delight. Had the British not thought of constructing rail lines in hills, Himachal Pradesh perhaps would not have ever been able to get the facility as since Independence only 44km of new rail line has been laid in the state. When it comes to laying tracks, the state has always been ignored. Manali-Leh rail project which has been declared unviable by planning commission has now become a poll issue.While Congress manifesto released on Friday claimed that Himachal occupies a special place in the heart of Congress leadership and Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru was known for his love for Himachal and development of hills, opposition parties have raised questions over this claim. People are now asking if Congress was so concerned about the state, then why not Manali-Leh rail project was taken up on priority. Congress in its manifesto though has promised for early and time-bound completion of already announced rail projects at Bhanupalli, Bilaspur, Paonta Sahib-Dehradun. Besides it has promised construction of Baddi-Chandigarh fast rail corridor on priority.When Bilaspur-Manali-Leh rail line was announced there was a hope to boost tourism besides strategic benefit but now this ambitious plan has almost been shelved with planning commission describing this 498km track as unviable.\"Like any other state, Himachal Pradesh, too, had needed expansion of rail lines on priority. But ironically independence the state has only got 44km new rail line. Manali-Leh rail project is not only of strategic importance but it would also boost tourism in Himalayan region, still the Congress-led UPA government is not serious about it. On the other hand, China has expanded rail and air connectivity on its side,\" said Himachal Pradesh chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal.Shimla deputy mayor and CPM candidate from Shimla (urban) seat Tikender Panwar said Himachal being in the periphery has never been the focus of Congress. He claimed that in 1950s people of tribal Lahaul-Spiti fed up with constant neglect on developmental front had given the slogan of \"Peking is near than Delhi\" following which the Congress government in Centre started constructing roads. Panwar said Manali-Leh rail is of strategic importance and Union government should not ignore it.Dinesh Kumar, a resident of Goshal village of Lahaul, said coming rail to Lahaul would not only boost tourism, but would also ensure timely supply of essential commodities to armed forces deployed in Ladakh region. Rajesh Kumar of Udaipur village said during Kargil war, entire supply was depended on trucks which consumed lot of time. \"Rail line is the need of hour that would usher in new era of development right from Manali to Leh,\" he added.Congress is silent on Manali-Leh rail project and BJP is raising this issue for its political benefit, the proposed Rs 414 crore greater Leh master plan, for next 30 years, has already defined the land use for future projects, including proposed sites for the construction of railway stations and tracks in the areas for the proposed Bilaspur-Manali-Leh rail line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897614", "title": "Sonia\u2019s land acquisition views raise worries for India Inc", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi's recommendation to increase the consent required from landowners for acquisition of land for private projects to 80% has worried India industry which said the move, if implemented, will push up project costs, delays and hurt industrial growth.Just two days after a ministerial panel, headed by Sharad Pawar, said that consent of 67% land owners would be enough for the government to acquire land for private projects, the Congress president recommended to the PMO that it should be increased to 80%. Only in case of acquisition for public private partnership (PPP) projects the threshold could be diluted to 67%, if the ownership of the land remained with the government.\"We had made a recommendation of 60% of consensus required for both private and PPP projects. But then 67% or two-third approval was a good move too. If it is increased to 80%, it will be very difficult for industry to acquire land,\" said Chandrajit Banerjee, director general of the Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII).\"India already faces a lot of issues relating to land acquisitions and land costs. This will add to the problems further,\" said Banerjee.Indian industry is already reeling under the impact of a sharp slowdown, high interest rates, delay in implementation of policies and rising input costs. Growth has stalled and latest data shows that factory output in August rose 2.7%.Industry groups said that the proposal may \"not be realistic\" as increasing the consensus limit would severely impact industrial growth in the country.\"The crux of the matter is not what the threshold limit would be, but that the government has to remember the underlying philosophy - industry in India needs to be more competitive. It has to be a realistic policy as there is naturally a shift from agriculture to industry for jobs,\" said R VKanoria, president of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci).He said Ficci will send across its views once the government finalizes the rules and the industry group would want the government to retain the consensus level at 67%.The Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Assocham) said that while it welcomed the provision of 67% consent for PPP projects, the move to raise it to 80% for private projects is \"unreasonable and irrational\" as it would cause substantial delays to project implementation.\"Getting consent from 80% land owners will be very difficult, if not impossible. Therefore, the consent of 65% of families of the affected area should be prescribed,\" said D S Rawat, secretary general of Assocham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16896970", "title": "Another feather in technology business incubator\u2019s cap", "text": "VARANASI: The first company to venture out independently from the Technology Business Incubator (TBI) of Indian Institute of Technology Banaras Hindu University (IIT-BHU) started at Nagpur on Saturday.Commenting on the development, TBI coordinator Prof PK Mishra said, \"This is the first company to venture out independently from TBI after its incubation period. Started by a group of 4 to 5 people, the business venture by the young entrepreneurs was assisted technically and financially at TBI. The company has been launched with over 50 employees today (Saturday).\"With the aim to promote entrepreneurship among students and young graduates, the TBI, at Malviya Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship (MCIIE), IIT BHU is providing incubation and host of other support in the areas of information technology, biotechnology, food processing, agriculture and allied sectors.According to Prashant Sinha, technology manager, MCIIE, the start up companies discuss their ideas with MCIIE team and their business plan is presented in two layers of screening led by MCIIE committee. On final selection, space is given to entrepreneurs at TBI premises and they are provided with business, technical, financial, legal advice, technical due diligence, project management and networking support.At present, as many as seven startups launched by ex IITians from BHU are incubating at TBI, IIT-BHU which is funded by National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEDB) department of Science and Technology, government of India. According to Mishra, a few enterprises are also availing the business and other support under virtual incubation. Although all the entrepreneurs under the incubation are youngsters who have passed out from IIT BHU only two to three years ago, a group of fourth year students of IIT BHU who have also started their own company which is incubating at TBI are the youngest entrepreneurs at TBI.According to Mishra, TBI also carries out several awareness programmes in schools and colleges to promote entrepreneurship among young minds. Apart from that TBI regularly organises training programmes related to entrepreneurship development and technical training in many thrust areas.\"We are organising a training camp in a near by college from November 03, meanwhile several innovation camps are also organised in adjoining villages to help promote youngsters dwelling in there to come up with some vocational skills which can help them earn a good living\", informed Mishra. In its future planning, TBI will be established as a resource institution for local industries as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896444", "title": "Maid, domestic help loot Rs 1 lakh cash, Rs 9 lakh worth jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: In the biggest burglary during the festive season, a couple working as domestic help and maid at a Shyam Nagar-situated house decamped with Rs 1 lakh and jewellery worth nearly Rs 9 lakh while the family was away for some religious function. The couple also drugged one 70-year-old man who was staying at the home before fleeing with the stolen items.According to the Shyam Nagar police, the incident took place on Friday evening at the house of Dev Sahani (50), a wholesale dealer of medicines.\"Sahani's family except his elderly father had gone to Aadarsh Nagar to attend 'Mata ka Jagaran' at 7.30 pm on Friday. When they returned at 11.00 pm, they were stunned to see things scattered in the bedroom and the almirahs and safes opened. The couple was also missing while his (Sahani's) father Virendra Sahani was sleeping,\" a senior officer of Shyam Nagar police station said on Saturday.Later, Sahani informed the police after which a team of senior police officers and experts from the forensic science laboratory rushed to the spot.It was found that the couple had given sleeping pills to the elderly man who was present in the house before the couple took away the cash and other valuables.\"The couple was identified as Deepak and his wife Kalpana who started working at Sahani's house almost 10 days ago. There was no police verification of the couple and the family did not have a single photograph of the couple,\" the police officer said.Police claimed that despite all that they have some vital clues on the whereabouts of the couple and a team has already rushed to Delhi to nab them.\"We have rounded up some people who have introduced the couple to the Sahani family. A team has also rushed to Delhi and we will definitely arrest them,\" the officer added.\"We have sought the list of items stolen from the victim family,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16897818", "title": "Two schools receive Bal Rath arrears from education dept", "text": "QUEPEM: Coming under public pressure, the education department on Friday released the money towards arrears to two of the three schools which had not received payment to be made to Bal Rath staff.This follows a TOI report on Thursday which highlighted the plight of students from three schools, including a special school, who had to find their own transport as five Indira Bal Rath buses refused to ply them to school and back home in protest against the non-payment of their wages since June this year,While the authorities at Pope John high school restarted their bus service from Saturday, the authorities at the school for special children, Lokvishwas Pratisthan, promised to restart their bus service on Monday. Commending TOI for fighting for the cause, headmaster of Pope John high school Fr Anisio Mota said, \"I am glad to see my students using the bus service once again. This happened only because the government released the funds.\" The parent of a student of the school added that most of the parents are also relieved now.Chairman of Lokvisdhwas Pratisthan said, \"We have received the full payment of wages for all three of our schools at Valpoi, Canacona and Ponda, barring Quepem. The Quepem school funds were sent to the Canacona school, due to a technical error.\"On the other hand, Holy Cross high school is still awaiting funds, but is running the buses on its own. \"The government should make a proper allocation for schools in its budget,\" headmaster Uday Gaonkar said. The headmaster of Guardian Angel high school, Curchorem, Fr Frank Mendes, added that their school has also not received funds and has hence stopped their bus service since the last 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897111", "title": "Navratri: Shashthi onwards all fun &amp; games", "text": "KANPUR: On the Shasthi of Navratri here on Saturday, devouts dressed-up in their festive best to throng puja pandals and took part in competitions and fun-filled games at the fair. 'Durgotsav' began with elaborate aarti in the morning led by priests to the beats of the dhak drums in true Bengali tradition. \"Fun games and musical events at pandals are an attraction for kids to visit the pandal,\" said Meethu Goswami, resident of Lal Bangla. Joyeta Chakroborthy at Shastri Nagar Puja Pandal echoed the opinion.Organisers of 'Shree Shree Mall Road Sarvajanin Durga Puja' are holding various competitions during the four-day celebrations. The events includes drawing competition for kids on Saptami and writing and singing competitions on Ashtami for youths. Navami celebrations include Samvardhana and orchestra on Tuesday.Similar events are being planned by organisers of 'Shree Shree Sarbajanin Durga Puja' at Shastri Nagar. The competitive events will start here with Rangoli competition on Saptami along with a musical night. Ashtami celebrations will include a one-minute game show and daandiya night. Navami celebrations will comprise 'matki phod' and a play by famous artistes.At 'South Kanpur Durga Puja', the fun events will include lamp lighting competition and dance night by Runa Sen Gupta on Saptami. Art, quiz and Dhanuchi dance competitions will mark the ashtami celebrations here. Navami will be celebrated with a contest of hitting a target with cricket ball and musical chair competitions.At Arya Nagar Durga Puja and Sarbojanin Durga Puja committee at Armapur Estate, the time and type of fun games and competitions will be announced at puja pandal every day.Pandals include Shree Shree Barwari Durga Puja Committee at AB Vidyalaya, Mall Road. Though this is the oldest Durga Puja of the industrial city being organised since 148 years no such fun events have been organised.\"We believe puja needs pleasant atmosphere. We perform puja in traditional Bengali style and that is our specialty,\" said Sanjay Sarkar, secretary, Shree Shree Barwari Durga Puja committee.Besides fun, games and Durga idols, traditional and tasty cuisines served by the stall owners around pandals are also gathering huge crowds. Stall food owners near pandals are offering chaat-tikki, noodles and several tasty items without onion and garlic which can be enjoyed by those who quit eating this stuff during Navratri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896773", "title": "NCP stands by Ajit Pawar, challenges CM's claims", "text": "PUNE: The NCP leaders on Saturday rallied behind Ajit Pawar as they challenged chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's claim that despite spending Rs 77,000 crore, land under irrigation in the state rose by only 0.1%.State water resources minister Sunil Tatkare countered the CM's contention. \"They (Congress) have used the wrong formula to calculate irrigated land in state. But even by their formula, the state has added 5 .17% irrigated land. Let me tell the people that the actual land that came under irrigation in the last ten years is 28.78% and not 0.1%,\" said Tatkare at the two-day state-level convention of NCP that started in Pune on Saturday. The irrigation scam overshadowed all other issues at the convention.Chavan's statement made in May had snowballed into a major controversy after which Ajit Pawar resigned from the cabinet.On Saturday, party chief Sharad Pawar said that his nephew is not the only one responsible as the cabinet works collectively. Ajit Pawar, who shared the dais with Sharad Pawar for the first time after his resignation, preferred to keep mum.\"The state should come with a white paper and probe all irrigation projects. But while doing so, it should remember that water has been used for industries and drinking purpose as well. Calculate agriculture and non-agriculture usage and then decide on the utility of irrigation projects. If the quality of the project work is substandard, who is responsible for this?\" asked Sharad Pawar in his address to party workers.\"It is not possible for a minister to keep a check on quality of works. Officers are appointed for this purpose. If they find something wrong, they can take action and punish the responsible, blacklist them. But deliberate efforts are being made to create doubts about the credibility of elected representatives,\" said Pawar.Tatkare attacked their ally Congress. \"The state agriculture department headed by Congress minister Radhakrihsna Vikhe-Patil has misled the state. We will come out with a white paper which will give details of project-wise figures of cost and irrigation,\" said Tatkare.NCP state president Madhukar Pichad said, \"The state government should publish a white paper, but not just for the last 10 years. Probe irrigation projects since 1995 and bring the facts to the public purview,\" said Pichad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16896943", "title": "Critical thinking vital for success, says PU VC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While lauding the important role of the scientists, social scientists and artists in the making of a progressive and value-based society, VC Arun Kumar Grover emphasized on the need to encourage the spirit of higher research, creative and critical thinking in the university in order to generate socially significant ideas through the publication of interdisciplinary university research journals.B S Ghuman, dean, faculty of arts, is the editor-in-chief of the recent issue of the journal and Sudhir Kumar of department of evening studies is the editor. The current issue focuses on crisis in the higher education system in India in the context of globalization, and its impact on Indian culture and society. The Editorial \"Reorienting Education: Knowledge For Empowerment and Freedom\" locates, in brief, the endemic problems persisting in the higher education system and points to the constructive role of managers of education and framers of curricula in order to decolonize the existing model of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897389", "title": "Breastfeeding reduces breast cancer risk, study finds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mother's milk is well known as the wonder meal for a new-born, with an exclusively breastfed child 14 times less likely to die in the first six months as against a non-breastfed child.However, breast-feeding has now been found to have clear benefits for even the mother.Scientists have now found that breastfeeding greatly reduces the risk of a type of breast cancer that commonly affects younger woman, and is usually known to have poor prognosis.According to a study conducted at Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health that should come as an eye-opener for Indian women \u2014 less than half of whom breast-feed their child \u2014 breast-feeding has been found to reduce the risk for estrogen receptor-negative and progesterone receptor-negative breast cancer.Researchers examined the association between reproductive risk factors \u2014 such as the number of children a woman delivers, breast feeding and oral contraceptive use - and found an increased risk for estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor (ER/PR)-negative breast cancer in women, who do not breast-feed.The results also indicated that having three or more children without breast-feeding was associated with an increased risk for ER/PR-negative breast cancer.\"Women who had children but did not breast-feed had about 1.5 times the risk for ER/PR-negative breast cancer,\" said Meghan Work, the study's lead author.\"If women breast-fed their children, there was no increased risk for ER/PR-negative cancer. This is particularly important as breast-feeding is a modifiable factor that can be promoted and supported through health policy,\" Work said.The researchers used data from three sites of the Breast Cancer Family Registry, which includes women with and without breast cancer from the US, Canada and Australia. The study included 4,011 women with breast cancer, and 2,997 population-based controls.Unicef says that despite compelling evidence that exclusive breast-feeding prevents diarrhea and pneumonia among children and also helps mothers, global rates of breast-feeding have remained relatively stagnant in the developing world, growing from 32% in 1995 to 39% in 2010.The recent Lancet Nutrition Series also highlighted the remarkable fact that a non-breastfed child is 14 times more likely to die in the first six months than an exclusively breastfed child.Experts say breast milk promotes sensory and cognitive development and protects the infant against infectious and chronic diseases.Breast-feeding also contributes to the health being of mothers \u2014 it helps to space children and reduces the risk of ovarian cancer and breast cancer.Studies show that women who breastfed their infants had up to a 12% reduced risk of type 2 diabetes for each year they breastfed, decreased the risk of ovarian cancer by up to 21%, decreased the risk of breast cancer by up to 28% in those whose lifetime duration of breastfeeding was 12 months or longer.India's Union health ministry says children should be exclusively breastfed for the first six months and should not be given anything else, even water. Colostrum, the human breast milk, is very rich in proteins, vitamin A and sodium chloride, but contains lower amounts of carbohydrates, potassium, and fat (as human newborns may find fat difficult to digest), than normal milk.Experts say newborns have very small digestive systems and colostrum delivers its nutrients in a very concentrated low-volume form.It has a mild laxative effect, clears excess bilirubin which is produced in large quantities at birth due to blood volume reduction from the infant's body and helps prevent jaundice.In India, very few children are put to the breast immediately after birth.Though 96% of children (both urban and rural population) under age five have ever been breastfed, only 29% started breast-feeding within half an hour of birth in urban population and 21% in rural population. Only 30% of infants (in urban population) started breast-feeding within one hour of birth, as is recommended, the figure goes down to 22% in rural population.Almost 35% of infants (in urban population) did not start breast-feeding within one day of birth and almost half (48%) in rural population did not start breast-feeding within one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16890621", "title": "Nothing is wrong with my married life: Sangeeta Ghosh", "text": "Sangeeta Ghosh, best remembered as Pammi from Des Mein Niklla Hoga Chand, for the first time talks about her hush-hush marriage to a Jaipur businessman and her return to TV after a breakWhere were you all these years?I stopped working because of personal reasons. I wanted to spend more time with my parents and brother. I was out of touch with them although we were living under one roof. I have been working since I was 10. Today I am 36. I felt I wanted to breathe. And then, marriage happened.Why was your marriage so hush-hush?It was not hush-hush, it was a very private affair. I may be used to the media but my in-laws are not. Also, it wasn't a big celebration in our family because my dad was extremely unwell. I rushed into marriage for my dad's sake, but I don't think he knew what was happening as he had lost his memory.How did you meet your husband?I met him outdoors during a shoot. Gradually, we became friends. He came down to Mumbai and met my family. He had actually not even seen me on television though his mother had. It was love at first sight for him; I just liked him. But then, as I got to know him, I felt here's a person who understands me and could control me. I have never been controlled because I was always independent.Did you adjust to marriage soon?Initially, when he would want to know where I was going or who I was talking to...I would wonder why he was asking me so many questions. It felt strange. Even my parents had not asked me all this. But then, I realised he was not trying to control me, he was concerned. Suddenly, there was somebody in my life who was protective about me. I put pressure on him to get married in front of my dad. It was not that we didn't want to tell people. We had planned another ceremony after a few months of marriage but it didn't happen because by then I had lost my dad. We were in no mood of celebrations. And I didn't feel it was necessary for me to answer anybody. I needed my space.Post marriage, you've moved back to Mumbai while your husband lives in Jaipur. And there's already speculation about a rift...I know people feel that if I am married, why am I not staying with my husband? Nothing is wrong with my married life. It is a temporary arrangement, a matter of about two years... till the time a project ends. These days shows don't go on for five to six years. But this is also my home, why can't I stay in my own house after marriage? My husband comes and lives with me, I go to Jaipur and live with him. Luckily, my in-laws understand that after marriage you don't lose your connection connection with your parents. My husband and mother-in-law were cool about my decision to return to work.You seem to be fine with this arrangement...Every month, for about 15 days, we are together either in Mumbai or Jaipur. I tell him that it is a very nice arrangement...much better than staying together forever. It is brilliant for independent, free-spirited people. I can have a life-long companionship now. We are married but we are longing for each other. It is very nice space to be in where you are missing each other most of the time. It may be a temporary arrangement unless I decide that I want to settle in Mumbai only for good.What kind of roles would you like to play now?I want to do mature roles and play strong characters. Comedy is also something I would like to try but later. I have got couple of offers but there is one particular show that has excited me.You quit TV at one point for a film that never released. Any regrets?I don't have any regrets. I don't think it was a wrong decision, how would I know had I not tried at all? It was a great opportunity for me then. Now the gap between films and television is shrinking, it wasn't then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16898094", "title": "We\u2019ve no option, garbage will go to Mandur: BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: With the garbage piling up on all streets of Bangalore on the fourth consecutive day on Saturday, the BBMP has finally knocked at the doors of Mandur and will be starting to send trucks to the landfills there from Saturday night.Speaking to STOI, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said that the BBMP's garbage trucks will be sent to Mandur from Saturday night as there was no other option. \"The talks held with the Mandur villagers by local representatives have been successful and we are sending trucks there. We will provide the required infrastructure to the village,\" he told STOI.However, Mandur villagers who are on dharna for the past four days at Mandur main road were unaware of the BBMP's decision . When contacted, H Y Venugopal , Mandur Gram Panchayat member, told STOI that no trucks will be allowed inside the village. \"Let them roll the trucks on us and kill us. We will no more allow garbage to be dumped in our village . We have literally been living on the road for the past four days. We are cooking on the road, sleeping on the road and are alert every minute,\" he said.Bangalore has generated more than 14,000 metric tonnes of garbage in the last four days. Piles of trash were seen in many parts of the city on Saturday. Meanwhile, garbage complaints flooded BBMP's control rooms, even as corporators and city MLAs did little to assuage the people's woes. \"We have called the health inspector of Shivajinagar from where we got a call from a shopper. But there is no easy mechanism to lift garbage anywhere . If we take it from here, it will be dumped in some other place and the problem does not end. We are equally helpless,\" said a BBMP official.No show from pourakarmikasPourakarmikas did not turn up for work in many areas, including Brigade Road and Church Street in the east, Jayanagar 4th block and Koramangala 6th block in south, Bhoopasandra, Sanjay Nagar and Anand Nagar in the north. In many parts of the city, no garbage was lifted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896449", "title": "Mamata Banerjee furious at Jairam Ramesh's letter jibe", "text": "KOLKATA: A letter dripping in sarcasm from Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh to Mamata Banerjee set political temperatures soaring in the state on Saturday. The chief minister took serious offence at Ramesh writing to her on behalf of the \"brain dead government in Delhi\" to announce the release of the fourth instalment of the MGNREGA funds to Bengal.The Union minister's dig was in response to Mamata calling the Congress-led UPA a \"brain dead patient that will not last for six months\" on the day she pulled out of the government at the Centre.An angry Mamata posted the official letter on her Facebook page saying, \"I am really stunned to see that a Union minister can write a distasteful statement like this to a state government. This creates a bad precedence and adds stigma to the healthy democratic fabric of our country.\"In the concluding paragraph of his letter to the CM dated October 19, Ramesh writes, \"Incidentally, may I add that this (read the release of central funds) reflects how sensitive the so-called brain-dead government in Delhi is to the needs of the people of West Bengal\". He also reminds the CM that Bengal had received a total of Rs 2655.2 crore under the MGNREGA till date.Mamata underlined that the funds released to Bengal was not a favour. \"Releasing funds for central schemes is not a matter of charity. This is a pure government activity,\" she said while pointing out that in a federal structure, the Centre and state governments perform their duties as specified in the Constitution.State panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee acknowledged the receipt of the MGNREGA funds. \"We have received the funds, but the Centre didn't make any charity,\" Mukherjee said. The funds have come handy to the state government to pay the dues of the NREGA workers before the pujas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16896301", "title": "Busty trend catches up in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A century after an American woman underwent world's first breast augmentation, the 'busty' trend is slowly catching up in Odisha. \"Awareness about breast implantation is growing across the state,'' said Laxmikanta Mishra, cosmetic and plastic surgeon, who has done18 such surgeries in the last six months.\"Most women want an increase in size. A smaller number want to restore breast that has been disfigured or lost to cancer. Women having amastia (absence of breast, or hypomastia (small size) are going under the knife'' said Mishra, who is working at the Apollo Hospitals in the city. He also dispelled the misconception that such surgeries affect milk secretion. \"Breast implants do not affect milk secretion in any way,'' asserted Mishra.According to experts, exposure to literature, media and internet and rising aspirations have made women in Odisha go for breast implantation - a trend popular in metros. \"I went for breast augmentation because their size was small. I browsed the internet and came to know that silicone implants are being done in Bhubaneswar,'' said a woman requesting anonymity.Talking about the trend, Dr Girija Sahu, cosmetic surgeon at the Ispat General Hospital , Rourkela, said, \"Earlier, people used to go to Mumbai or Delhi for the surgery. Now with the facility available here, women are preferring to get the surgery done in the state.\"According to Jayant Das, plastic and cosmetic surgeon at SUM Hospital in the city, \"Women have shed their inhibitions in tune with the times. The number of such surgeries has risen in Odisha due to three reasons - it's cost-effective, follow-ups are convenient involving less travel cost and language is not an obstacle particularly for those who do not know how to speak English or Hindi. In Vizag or Mumbai, this surgery costs Rs 1 lakh.''For breast augmentation a silicone prostheses is implanted under the breast tissue or chest muscle, to increase the bust size. This has become unimaginably successful. In 2010, 1.5 million such surgeries were carried out worldwide. Out of these, 51,000 were in India, the seventh highest in the world. The US topped the list with 3,366,48. \"Awareness has increased manifold due to rise in the number of working women and peer pressure to overcome inferiority complex,\" said Dr Sunil Kumar Rout, consultant plastic surgeon, Kalinga Hospital. '\"I have done 40 such surgeries so far. A few years ago, the concept was non-existent in Odisha and neither were there any experts,'' said Dr Rout.Three factors - patient's aspirations, structure of her body and aesthetic sense of surgeon - decide the final cup size. The risks involved could include rupture, infection, scarring asymmetry and bleeding. But Dr Mishra said the rejection percentage is between one and two.The cost of implanting a pair of gel cups in private hospitals in Odisha ranges from Rs 45,000 to Rs 50,000. For a single breast it's Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000. Though both silicone (gel) and saline (balloon and water) implantations are done, the former is more popular.Sagging breasts are corrected by a procedure called mastopexy (breast lift surgery) followed by implant. In cancer cases, flesh from other parts of the body is turned to cover resected cancer breast. Then the implant is done. Resection is partial removal of an organ or other body structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895715", "title": "Experts: Osteoporosis needs proactive steps", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least one in every three women and every five men over the age of 50 years will suffer fractures due to osteoporosis, a condition which renders bones weak and causes them to wear out.On World Osteoporosis Day on Saturday, clinicians stressed on the need to tackle the disease from the first fracture itself, much in agreement with the theme this year, \"Stop at one: Make your first (bone) break your last\".Commonly known to affect more women than men, osteoporosis is a disease which has no symptoms. An injury which would otherwise be considered trivial in healthy individuals, will lead to a fracture in osteoporotic patients. Fractures usually occur in the vertebral column, ribs, hip and wrists. Osteoporosis also affects 40% of men who are regular smokers and alcoholics.Experts note that it affects more women as, during menopause, the oestrogen hormone produced by the ovaries decreases suddenly, leading to an increased risk of bone loss.The hormone is useful for the bone health, joint integrity, muscles and also helps better calcium absorption.\"As women age, oestrogen levels decrease and the risk of osteoporosis goes up. In comparison, men of the same age do not experience the same sudden decline in testosterone,\" said Dr Lakshmi R Markani, secretary of the Hyderabad chapter of the Indian Menopause Society. According to her, hip bones are the worst impacted in this condition, often leaving women bedridden.Dr L Narendranath, an orthopaedic surgeon at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences, said that whether diagnosed with osteoporosis or not women, when they reach the menopausal stage, should start taking calcium and vitamin D3 supplements.He added that the bone density test was not 100% reliable.Experts further suggested that exposure to sunlight for 20-30 minutes daily and consumption of a large glass of milk would lower the risk of bone loss since calcium is one of the main components in bone.\"Prevention should start right from the teenage years. The diet should be rich in dairy products and be accompanied by regular exercise, yoga and walking. This will give good amount of bone stock in the body. If there is good bone stock, the risk of osteoporosis is cut down drastically,\" said Dr N Somasekhar Reddy, orthopaedic surgeon, Apollo Hospital.With a lot of women getting hysterectomies done at a young age, doctors said that the surgical removal of the uterus was emerging as a big precipitating factor for osteoporosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897247", "title": "2 injection drug users diagnosed with HIV", "text": "LUDHIANA: Suresh Kumar , 26, (name changed), a businessman of Tajpur Road, who was an injection drug user (IDU) regrets the day he injected himself with a syringe that had been used by his friend. When his parents took him to the civil hospital in September for a de-addiction session, the doctors advised him to go for an HIV test, and Suresh tested positive.The fact that IDUs are more prone to getting HIV infection was realized when two such cases were reported at the Antiretroviral Therapy Centre of Civil Hospital in September. The number of IDUs in Ludhiana is eight this year, compared to the total of 58 since the Centre's inception in July 2010.District programme officer of HIV/AIDS Dr Uggar Singh Sooch said: \"After the Opiad Substitute Therapy Centre (OSTC) was started in civil hospital, we registered 268 IDUs. Of these, 58 tested positive for HIV. And out of these 58 cases, eight have been registered at Antiretroviral Therapy Centre and two at OSTC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900818", "title": "Daniel Craig likens playing 007 to Premier League footie star", "text": "Daniel Craig who stars as 007 in the 'James Bond' movie franchise, reckons playing the iconic spy is harder than being a Premier League star.\"I spoke to a doctor while I was doing the film who said, 'You're playing a football match every day and not getting any rest',\" the Daily Star quoted him as saying.\"You're playing Monday to Saturday with Sunday off, whereas footballers will play on Saturday or Sunday and take at least three days off.\"I was sort of constantly bashed up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897242", "title": "'Exposure in school games will be priceless'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ten year olds from all over the state are all set for the opening day of the 28th Punjab State Primary School Games on Saturday.Jagtar Singh, a teacher of Government Primary School, Dalla, said, \"This is big event for these children. The exposure they will get here is priceless. And they are really excited; they have been talking about this for long.\"The games, which will exhibit competition in sports such as athletics, kabaddi both national and circle style), kho-kho and judo, was opened by Punjab education minister Sikander Singh Maluka, who said: \"We don't win medals at the international-level because we don't start training our children at the grass-roots level.\"Talking about the need for providing proper infrastructure and provisions to primary schools, state organizer Sports, Punjab School Education Board, Rupinder Singh, said, \"We are moving in the right direction. The daily diet has been increased from Rs 75 to Rs 125. We have also increased the sports fund.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896613", "title": "Expo helps elderly laugh off their worries, plan for future", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sporting a bright shirt and black cap, Durga Dass breaks into a hearty laugh. The audience, a group of senior ciitizens, joins in the laughter that soon turns infectious. Fifteen minutes later, the crowd comes out feeling refreshed.Dass is not a young instructor but a man who has made spreading cheers his occupation after his superannuation from an active job earlier this year. He dismisses the word \"retired\" as negative and sets the stage for a new definition of aging, where celebration is the essence of good living.Dass is the face of the 21st century elderly, who want to live their life on their own terms and create challenges for themselves post 60. Instead of leaning on their children, they want to pursue the dreams they forsook to look after their families.On Saturday, a sprightly Dass shared laughter therapy tips with senior citizens at the India Islamic Centre on Lodhi Road. They elderly were attending the \" Celebrating Age-India Expo 2012\". Inaugurated by T R Meena, joint secretary, ministry of social justice and empowerment, the two-day event concludes on Sunday evening.A small exhibition signals the beginning of a new understanding of old age, with banking and insurance solutions meant for the elderly. A few real estate companies present their plans for settlements designed exclusively for couples living on their own, and how they can aspire for a cared-for old age. Alongside this exhibit, the organizers have lined up sessions ranging from yoga, meditation, reiki and laughter to exercises that can be performed with ease despite lifestyle and age-related problems.When TOI spoke to Dass on the sidelines of the laughter session, he said he had used laughter to wish away all his troubles and had felt fit despite diabetes. \"My superannuation happened earlier this year, and by August, I was engaged as the coordinator of the action committee of Delhi laughter club. Since then I have been trying to get more people to benefit from this therapy. I don't feel old and plan to start my own business at some point,\" said Dass, who is from Tilak Nagar area.Two sisters Bindu Lau and Meena Bhardwaj came together for the expo. \"We are at a stage when we have lots of time to ourselves. With our children settled, we don't always have to worry about rushing home for one thing or the other. We now spend time by doing things we enjoy. I will bring my husband on Sunday to participate in the sessions here,\" Bindu Lau, a homemaker, said as she stepped out of the laughter yoga session. Her sister Meena Bhardwaj, who retired about four years ago as a teacher, said she enjoyed various forms of meditation, and found the session on reiki interesting.K Sudhakar, a senior manager with a private company, was keen on knowing about a real estate company offering homes designed for the elderly in Banagalore. He is yet to retire. \"I still have four to five years left but it is nice to plan, so I am here,\" Sudhakar who came with his wife said.KS Sharma and his wife Renu Devi came all the way from RD City in Gurgaon to look for avenues that will add value to their lives. \"I am 70 and retired about eight months ago. My wife and I live with our son, daughter-in-law and grandchildren. Though there is much to do, I miss my working years. I feel I can still contribute a lot. I would like to be involved in something I enjoy,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16898034", "title": "Capital gets a taste of Odisha\u2019s craftsmanship", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Suryanarayanan Satapathy, an artist from Raghurajpur in Odisha proudly unfolded a 36-inch long Pattachitra painting in which the 'Krishnaleela' is colorfully depicted. He took four months to paint the lively stills of little Krishna displaying his powers, on palm leaves.Sathapathy came all the way from his village to Kerala to exhibit his fascinating paintings at the craft and handloom bazaar organized by the Rajiv Youth Foundation, a voluntary organization based in Malappuram, at the Jawahar Bal Bhavan.\"We are known as Oriya painters, the traditional artists from Odisha who have been doing Pattachitra paintings for more than a century. We mainly portray simple themes, mostly mythological,\" he said.According to Satapathy, the process of creating a painting includes undeterred concentration and careful craftsmanship. The preparation of the canvas (patta) alone will take around five days. The artists mix turmeric powder, juice of flowers, fruits and leaves with 'kaitha' (wood apple) gum and paint on tussar silk and palm leaves.Dhamodhar Das of Bhumkar community has exhibited hand-weaved Sambalpur cotton dress materials. The famous wheels of Konark temple, Odissi dance forms and symbols of Odisha culture are beautifully hand-weaved on dress materials. \"We use the centuries-old tie and die technique to embellish the saris and cotton fabrics. We call this 'Bandha Kala'. Members of my family, who are handloom craftsmen for years, use specially prepared dye made from apple, tomato and other vegetables and take more than a week to process one sari,\" said Das.The uniquely designed terracotta and Dhokra jewellery by a tribal group Tharua from Orissa is another attraction. These tribal art forms practiced by the adivasis of Orissa remind the visitors of the proud heritage of ancient India. Surya from Ganjam district has showcased amazing collections of hand painted necklaces and earrings. \"The terracotta jewellery is made from clay and stone powder. Powder of Nilgiri stone, kochila stone, sandstone and kendumendi stone is used for this. The ingredients are boiled continuously for seven days and then natural colors are added. To make Dhokra jewellery we use 'lost wax' technique,\" said Surya.Like any other exhibitions, here too the visitors can buy colourful accessories like glass bangles, ear rings and chains. The exhibition will conclude on October 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16895799", "title": "Congress feud comes to fore", "text": "PATNA: Factionalism in Bihar Congress came to the fore on Friday when two groups of Congressmen announced holding two separate functions in the state capital on September 21 to celebrate 125th birth anniversary of veteran Congress leader and state's first chief minister Sri Krishna Sinha. The two groups held pressers at the same time at two different venues to announce their plans.While the BPCC president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser addressed his press conference at the BPCC headquarters - Sadaquat Ashram - and gave details about the party's official programme regarding celebration of Sinha's 125th anniversary, another camp led by senior Congress leader and former Union minister Akhilesh Prasad Singh convened his press conference at a local hotel and announced to organize a programme at the SK Memorial Hall here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896103", "title": "Mumbai set to welcome fest of sacrifice, sharing", "text": "MUMBAI: As Eidul Azha or Bakri Eid nears, Muslims in the city gear up to celebrate this festival of sacrifice. Bakri Eid festivities are spread over three days (this year between October 27 and 29).Following a tradition set by Prophet Abraham centuries ago, Muslims sacrifice animals during Bakri Eid. While the first day involves performing of a special namaz in the morning, followed by the sacrifice of animals, the next two days are marked only by the sacrifice of animals. This is to facilitate those who cannot sacrifice on the first day itself or are sacrificing more than one animal.Legend has it that Prophet Abraham, upon a demand from God to sacrifice the thing dearest to him, offered his son Ismail to be sacrificed. However, God only wanted to test Abraham's devotion, and sparing Ismail, asked Abraham to sacrifice a lamb. \"The festival commemorates that spirit of total surrender to the will of Allah shown by Abraham centuries ago,\" said senior cleric Maulana Shoeb Koti, adding that Bakri Eid is not just about the sacrifice of animals and eating kofta, korma and kebab, but it is about sharing.\"The meat of the sacrificed animal is divided into three parts. One part is consumed by the family which sacrifices the animal, the second goes to close relatives and the third part is for the poor and destitute. This shows that you must care for the poor while you celebrate the festival,\" Koti said.While the meat is divided, the animals' skin is sold and money generated from it goes towards charity. Madrassas and orphans have already appealed to community members to contribute charm-e-qurbani (the skin of sacrificed animals) to them.Bakri Eid is also significant for Muslims as it falls during the period of Haj, the pilgrimage to Mecca. In fact, qurbani or animal sacrifice is one of the Haj rituals. Hajis set aside a certain amount of money for this purpose when they prepare to leave for Mecca.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897245", "title": "Litigants suffer as lawyers boycott work", "text": "LUDHIANA: Advocates practicing in the district courts, boycotted work on Saturday, inconveniencing litigants, who were unhappy about a wasted trip to the courts. Lawyers boycotted work to press for their demand for a five-day week. Last Saturday too, they had boycotted work.\"There should be clarity on whether advocates will be working on Saturday or not, as this uncertainty is causing problems for litigants. We are not against advocates' working five days a week but we should at least know, so that we don't miss our work to come to court, only to find that advocates are not working,\" said Jagdev Singh, a resident of Gill Road.\"It's a matter that has to be decided between the advocates and higher judicial officers. Why should litigants be made to suffer? We should know about the off days in advance, as this would save us undue harassment,\" said Dharam Puri, a resident of SKS Nagar, phase-II.\"It is really disappointing to come all the way to the city for a court hearing, only to find that advocates are not working. I have told my lawyer that if this is going to continue like this, he should not take Saturday as the next date of hearing,\" said Usha Rani, a resident of Ferozepur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896210", "title": "CT scan dye allergy led to death in hospital?", "text": "MUMBAI: A patient admitted to JJ Hospital in Byculla died allegedly due to an allergic reaction to the dye injection given during a computed tomography (CT) scan carried out on October 16. The batch of the dye medication has since been seized by the FDA, which will conduct laboratory tests to check the samples.Kandivli resident, 52-year-old Tara Sumra, was admitted to JJ Hospital with lung ailments as well as other conditions such as arthritis and skin disease. JJ Group of Hospitals dean Dr T P Lahane said, \"Sumra was referred for a CT scan on October 16, for which she was administered the contrast, a dye. Owing to her medical condition, the multi-system disorder, the dye resulted in an adverse reaction and she died at 2.30am on October 17.\"Officials said 14 others who were given the same dye on October 16 didn't suffer any reaction. FDA official Kamlesh B Shende said a circular has been sent to all hospitals alerting them about the batch of drug. \"Once the investigation results are out in 15 days, we will decide on the future course of action.'' Medical experts say reactions to CT scan dyes are not unheard of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16897319", "title": "Dinesh D'Souza, anti-Obama film maker, quits over marital caper", "text": "WASHINGTON: American liberals are chortling in delight over the discomfiture in right-wing circles arising from the extra-marital caper of an Indian-American ultraconservative whose hatchet job on President Barack Obama has become one of the top-grossing documentaries of all time.Dinesh D'Souza, a Mumbai-born academic, whose movie Obama: 2016 has grossed nearly $34 million and pitchforked him into the limelight in a heated election season, resigned as President of King's College earlier this week, after allegations marital impropriety.According to conservative critics who evidently fell out with him, D'Souza recently attended a Christian conference in South Carolina in the company of another woman and introduced her as his fiancee, even though he was still legally married to another woman. The magazine which ''broke'' the ''story'' also alleged that D'Souza shared a room with her in a hotel during the conference, a change that he has vehemently denied and claimed to have receipts for two separate rooms.Under any other circumstances, the whole affair would have been received with a shrug if not laughed off altogether, but D'Souza's Christian evangelism and his hatchet job of President Obama has so irked liberals that they have received and relayed this tale of extra-marital imprudence with great relish.''As an atheist, I find it very awkward to see that my prayers for Dinesh D'Souza's public humiliation have apparently been answered,'' tweeted one critic. ''Ah, The Glass House,'' said Keith Olbermann , a political commentator on MSNBC known to skewer conservatives.D'Souza meantime has offered tortured explanations, saying he ''had no idea that it is considered wrong in Christian circles to be engaged prior to being divorced, even though in a state of separation and in divorce proceedings.\" According to the expose though, he filed for divorce the day the journal which eventually ran the story phone him to seek his comments on the incident.In a post on the Fox News website, titled \"I am not having an affair,\" D'Souza explained that he and Denise Joseph were engaged, and he had met her only three months ago after he had separated from wife Dixie D'Souza more than two years ago. ''Obviously I would not have introduced Denise as my fiance at a Christian apologetics conference if I had thought or known I was doing something wrong,'' he said, adding, much to the mirth of his detractors, that '''as a result of all this, and to avoid even the appearance of impropriety, Denise and I have decided to suspend our engagement.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16897754", "title": "Another suicide rocks Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Sugandha Ratnakar Satarkar, 49, from Nirankal-Bethora in Ponda allegedly committed suicide at her home on Saturday afternoon. The Ponda police said that Satarkar had not been keeping well for a long time and suspect that this is the reason she decided to end her life.Satarkar's body was hanging from a sari tied to a wooden rafter of the rear verandah of her house. At the time of the incident, her husband was at work, while her children were at school. As usual, the children returned home in the afternoon and found their mother's body. They informed the neighbours who in turn informed the police.The police have retrieved the body and preserved it at the morgue of the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Sunday.A case of unnatural death has been registered at the Ponda police station under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). Ponda PSI Mohan Gaude is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16895825", "title": "Court nod to defreeze Adarsh accused account", "text": "A special court has allowed alleged Adarsh housing society scam accused R C Thakur's application seeking that his account be defrozen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896248", "title": "Colleges told to meet 6% of needs through solar energy", "text": "CHENNAI: In a desperate effort to tide over the acute power shortage, the Tamil Nadu government has made it mandatory for high-tension consumers to purchase a certain percentage of solar energy from the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (Tangedco).This is part of the 'Tamil Nadu Solar Energy Policy 2012' that chief minister J Jayalalithaa unveiled on Saturday. It is aimed at generating 3,000MW of solar power by 2015. Apart from encouraging indigenous solar manufacturing facilities with incentives, the policy aims at promoting research and development in the sector and hybrid systems, besides creating skilled manpower and jobs.Those installing solar systems would be given tax concessions, besides exemptions from electricity tax and demand cut.Tamil Nadu eyes 3,000MW solar energy by 2015Intent on increasing dependence on clean, climate-friendly, abundant energy resource, the state government on Saturday unveiled a new policy hoping to clock a production of 3,000MW of solar power by 2015. The falling prices of solar panels coinciding with the growing cost of grid power in India prompted the government to look at solar energy as a viable option, said the policy.It has brought large-scale power consumers into the initiative by mandating 6% solar purchase obligation (SPO). The SPO will be administered by Tangedco. The high tension consumers can fulfil obligation by generating captive solar power equivalent to or more than their SPO; or by buying equivalent to or more than their SPO from third party developers; or buying renewable energy certificates (by trading solar power) generated by projects equivalent to or more than their SPO and purchasing power from Tangedco at solar tariff.However, all were not happy with the government's new move. \"The rate of solar power at present is around 10 to 12 per unit. The high tension users are now going through rough patch. Some subsidies should be given and solar energy as an alternative power source should be introduced in commercial and domestic sector also,\" said Mahendra Ramdas, former president of Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers Association.The initiative, with a slew of encouraging features, finds opportunity in the rapidly declining solar power costs and aims at tapping at least 1,000MW energy annually.Elaborating on how the 3,000MW would be generated, the policy said, \"In utility scale, out of 1,500MW, 1,000MW will be funded through SPO and the balance 500MW through generation-based incentives.\" The policy also promotes solar rooftops in domestic and government buildings. The state government, in all its new buildings, will provide solar rooftops, while all existing buildings will be provided solar panels in a phased manner. The government would also energise more than one lakh street lights through solar energy by 2015-16 and water supply installations in local bodies will be energised through solar power in a phased manner. Solar parks with a capacity of 50MW each will be developed in 24 districts across the state.The government also announced a slew of incentives to solar power manufacturers, including tax concessions. An empowered committee comprising chief secretary, finance secretary , energy secretary and others will accord solar project clearances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16896820", "title": "Delhi University women\u2019s football team to train in New Zealand", "text": "NEW DELHI: The women's football team of Delhi University will get a chance to train in New Zealand for three weeks. The university entered into an agreement through a tripartite MoU with Lincoln University (LU), New Zealand and Asia-Pacific Football Academy , LU, early this week. DU signed another agreement with Massey University for a distance education partnership.The initiatives are aimed at strengthening the ties between the two countries and boosting higher education collaboration. Under the agreement with LU, DU's women football team, accompanied by a coach, one faculty member and an administrator, would travel to New Zealand for three weeks.The agreements were signed during the visit of New Zealand's minister for tertiary education, skills and employment Steven Joyce. He is also the minister for economic development and minister for science and innovation. Joyce met VC of DU, Dinesh Singh, to discuss further collaborations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895710", "title": "Hyderabad eateries go vegetarian to cash in on Navaratri", "text": "HYDERABAD: Aloo 65 and gobi manchurian seem to be surpassing their non-vegetarian counterparts this Navaratri with some city restaurants offering special 'upwas' thalis and others trying their best to attract more customers who refrain from eating meat during the festive season by lining up special offers and discounts.Eateries serving only vegetarian fare have stepped up to the plate this festive season with Navaratri special dishes and menus, comprising items cooked without garlic and onions, custom-made for those observing a fast. At Bikanerwala, a Navaratri special menu has been introduced with dishes like 'kutu ki puri', fruit salad, khoya barfi and items made with sabudana (pearl sago). Other restaurants like Rajdhani and Mast Kalandar too have launched 'upwas' and 'vrat' thalis to lure fasting denizens, many of them migrants from country's northern parts.And with business of several other city restaurants and pubs down by around 30% with many people fasting and abstaining from liquor during this time, they have come up with \"all vegetarian\" schemes to attract the fasting crowd. According to pub and restaurant managers, daily footfall has dropped by 50-100 on an average and some said that the total loss during this time runs into lakhs. At Barbeque Nation, business has decreased by around 35% and a special offer just for vegetarians is being introduced, \"We have a special event titled 'Veggie Q' for which we have increased the number of vegetarian starters from five to nine and are focusing more on the variety on offer for our vegetarian customers. A lot of effort is going into this as Navaratri usually causes a significant drop in footfall,\" said Vishal Thakur, manager at Barbeque Nation in Banjara Hills.At the restaurants of BJN Group too, special offers and discounts are being planned especially for this Navaratri. Rajesh Chopra, general manager at BJN group, City Centre said, \"Both footfall and total business during this period have dropped by around 40% as many people tend to refrain from eating non-vegetarian food or outside food altogether.\"Meanwhile, city pubs too have followed suit by extending happy hours and offering discounts. Edward Menezes, manager at Xtreme Sports Bar, Banjara Hills said, \"We have also extended the happy hours by two hours in a bid to attract more customers. We deliberately don't organise any big events like special DJ performances or rock band gigs during Navaratri as the crowd is not that good.\" Officials from various city pubs said the total loss during Navaratri is nearly Rs 5 lakhs with no big events being scheduled. While around two years ago, the sales would be affected by around 15 to 20% only during the festive period, pub managers said that the figure has been gradually increasing and this year it amounted to around 30 to 40% and daily revenue going from around Rs 1 lakh to a maximum of Rs 70,000.Officials from other pubs like Liquids and The Club too added that as many youngsters prefer to attend the dandiya and garba events which happen once a year, the number of customers drop by a couple hundred easily; saying that even special offers were not of much help, leaving them no choice but to wait for the festival to pass and the crowds to return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16897121", "title": "Indian School of Business alumni gather for 'Equinox'", "text": "MOHALI: Amid nostalgic moments and relieving old memories of their mischievous jaunts on campus years ago, alumni at Indian School of Business (ISB) got together on Saturday for a day of learning, fun and networking, aiming to connect with their alma mater.For over 110 former students of ISB who had gathered for two-day meet 'Equinox', it felt like homecoming. \"The first thing I checked after returning to the campus after five years was the additions and deletions in recreational area and size of swimming pool, as compared to the Hyderabad campus,\" quipped Shuchita Upadhyaya of batch 2008, who is working in Mumbai. The reunion was designed to give a taste of the year spent by ISB alumni and offered a platform for participants to connect with each other and industry leaders. Ratnakar Gore, also of 2008 batch, said meeting batchmates was exciting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16896549", "title": "Ashok Khemka shattered land sharks' Aravali dream", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Almost two months before his transfer, whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka had annoyed the Haryana government and shattered the dreams of developers who wanted to build houses with a view of the Aravalis.His August 21 order had withdrawn the consolidation process of over 5,700 acres of land at Rozka-Gujar village in Gurgaon district.He also cancelled the previous order on land consolidation of the village, observing that the process was adopted by vested interests \"to corner chunks of land\".According to his observation, the Rozka-Gujar village was marked as uninhabited (be-chirag). Over 1,000 people owned the entire area of 5,744 acres in the village. \"Almost the entire village was purchased by powerful business-politico-bureaucratic-police nexus with ostensibly no interest in agricultural activities. Some land transactions seemed benami on behalf of a few powerful politicians and bureaucrats,\" Khemka, who was transferred from land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation as managing director on October 11, had observed.The objective of land consolidation act is to help farmers pool together their fragmented agriculture plots and make maximum use of their resources. \"In this case, there was no land under agriculture activity and there was no fragmentation of land to consolidate. ... it was apparent that the scope of the consolidation act had been extended as a tool of partition,\" Khemka said.\"The land in the village offered excellent potential for real estate sharks for constructing farm houses, resorts and residential zones after obtaining the change in land use permission from the department of town and country planning,\" said Khemka.According to the officer's order, the maximum valuation ratio for consolidation in this village was fixed at 2:1 while in reality it could have been as high as 100:1.A 44-feet wide road was proposed from Gurgaon-Faridabad main road to Damdama lake in the village. \"Any non-forest land abutting this road would have huge market value as compared to the forest land and mining areas,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16897712", "title": "Foreign doctors come to Bangalore for more experience", "text": "BANGALORE: Cristina Evanez, a young anesthetist from Spain, is in Bangalore for six weeks, learning more about anaesthesia, practically. She is attending to five cardiac surgeries at Narayana Hrudayalaya every day just to gain more experience in handling critical situations, especially during paediatric cardiac surgeries.\"I attend to about five surgeries a day, including paediatric and adult cardiology surgeries. I am not complaining. Practice makes one perfect. That was why I came to Narayana Hrudayalaya. Back home in Spain, we don't get so many varieties of complications. My seniors back home advised me to go to India,\" said Cristina.Like Cristina, hundreds of doctors from foreign countries are landing in Bangalore to gain hands-on knowledge, especially in the operation theatre.\"India gets a very high number of paediatric and adult cardiac cases, compared to western countries. A doctor graduating in the West does not get as much experience as a surgeon in India when it comes to surgeries,\" said Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, senior cardiac surgeon and chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya.Dr Sharan Patil, senior orthopaedic surgeon and chairman, Sparsh Hospital, said: \"We have a tie-up with a couple of medical institutes in the UK, under which one student is sent to our hospital every three months. Qualified orthopaedists are also sent as India has more variety of accidental injuries compared to western countries.\"Other multi-specialty hospitals like Columbia Asia, Fortis and BGS Global Hospitals too get about 3-8 doctors from various foreign countries every year. Cancer specialty hospitals like HCG annually get about 10-12 doctors from South Asian and African countries.\"India is becoming a centre of excellence. Learning in India gives a lot of knowledge about various illnesses. This has also improved the credibility of the Indian healthcare sector globally,\" said Dr Ajai Kumar, senior oncologist and chairman, HCG Hospital.\"The more number of cases you attend, more you learn and better the expertise,\" said Dr Vivek Jawali, chief cardiothoracic surgeon, Fortis Hospital.MORE EXPERIENCEWhen I went to Guy's Hospital in London in 1982, I worked there for more than 15 hours a day and six days a week just to get more experience of surgeries. Today, the scene has changed. The number of heart surgeries performed in India is 3-4 times more than that in England.Dr Devi Prasad Shetty | senior cardiac surgeon and chairman, narayana hrudayalayaPOSITIVE TRENDThe trend of doctors from foreign countries coming to India can be positively used in our favour, if the government takes timely steps. Said Dr Devi Prasad Shetty: \"We have more number of undergraduate seats (in medical courses) than postgraduate seats. It is vice-versa in western countries. This is why western countries have more specialists than India. But the need for specialists is more than double compared to western countries. If our government allows these doctors to serve in our country for about 3-5 years, it will fill the huge vacuum of specialists in our country. Doctors from foreign countries with higher education could be allowed to work in our hospitals, including government hospitals, and go back to their countries.WHERE THEY COME FROMUK, USA, China, Finland, Sweden, Germany, Spain, South Asian and African countriesADVANCED TECHNIQUESWhile attending a medical conference in Geneva in 2011, I heard about the opportunity of a training programme in India and decided to apply for it. I joined Fortis Hospital here about three months ago, and the experience has been really good and helpful. I regret that I didn't come earlier. When it comes to surgical technique and approach, India is far more elegant and advanced than some western countries but lags behind when it comes to documentation, especially publication of research.Dr Nemam Ghafour | cardiac surgeon from swedenI wanted to learn more about adult cardiology. Back in Nigeria, we don't have many super and multi-specialty hospitals. I came to Narayana Hrudayalaya about two months ago with the sole motive of attending as many cardiac surgeries as I could. I've got ample experience now and learnt many new things from senior doctors here, which will be useful to me in future.Dr Mohammed Bedru | consultant, adult cardiology, from nigeriaCleared by: s prasad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897423", "title": "He led the cavalcade for 35 years", "text": "For S G Maribashetty, the commandant of KARP Mounted Company, this year's Dasara is especially special. The officer has been an integral part of Dasara for 35 years giving command for the Dasara cavalcade and torchlight parade. He opens the Dasara procession after taking permission from the chief minister from Mysore Palace and concludes it by giving salute to the presiding deity Chamundeshwari at Banni Mantapa grounds, and also the Torchlight Parade after taking permission from Governor.Maribashetty, a native of Badami (Bagalkot district), has been a part of Dasara even during difficult times. In 1997, he had multiple fractures in his leg after a road accident in Andhra Pradesh, but still managed to take part in the procession with the injured leg. In an interview to STOI, Maribashetty says he climbs the Chamundi Hills and visits the Chamundeshwari temple every year to thank the presiding deity the day after Dasara. Excerpts:How was your first Dasara?I was very nervous initially because the eyes of tens of thousands of people are on you. But I mustered courage and led the cavalcade for the first time in 1976.Thereafter there has been no turning back.What does one need to lead the parade?A good-level of physical fitness is essential because I need to sit on horseback for over six hours including four-five hours during Dasara procession. I know if I commit a mistake in commanding, it will be noticed by a large number of people. Therefore I am acutely conscious of my diet and do yoga to keep fit.What is your impression about the horses?Horses have become an inseparable part of my life. They are such lovely and wonderful animals and adorable too. I describe horses as Maharana Pratap has described his warhorse Chetak.Even today, except on Sundays and when I am not in the station, I have dinner only after feeding all the horses in the stables. So far I have ridden on several horses and among them, 'Silver King' horse was the best. I have commanded for 16 years sitting on the courageous horse. 'CJ-15,' 'Samrat,' 'Vindya' and 'Sangini' are the other horses which have participated with me.My suggestion to the personnel is to love your horse, and they will give out their best.Memorable moments...As a child, I desired to ride horses after seeing students of Sainik School in Bijapur riding horses. But I got an opportunity only after joining the police department. Apart from participating in Dasara, I participated in several national and international-level equestrian sports and won. I have won three gold, two silver and three bronze medals at international events. I have also taken my team along with me and many Mounted Company personnel have won medals at national-level sports.About Torchlight paradeIt is a floodlight parade and nowhere in the country is the guard of honour given during night. It is a great privilege to command the torchlight parade, which is conducted after Vijayadashami procession at Banni Mantapa grounds. Except on two occasions, when the state was hit by plague and drought, the parade was suspended twice since 1976.This is your last Dasara. How does it feel?I strongly believe there is a better person than me. But when I look back, I feel very proud because I have commanded Dasara procession and torchlight parade in different ranks as Sub-inspector, Inspector and DySP and since 2003 as Commandant, head of KARP Mounted Company. I will retire on superannuation before Dasara-2013 celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897405", "title": "Schumacher expects strong fan support in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Airtel Indian Grand Prix will be seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher's final hurrah.With the Mercedes GP driver retiring at the end of the season, the Formula One fans will get the opportunity to witness him in action one last time at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida on October 28.\"The Formula One debut of India last year was certainly a success. There were a surprising amount of fans during the weekend, and the track itself really is cool. We drivers were given a very enthusiastic reception, and it will be interesting to see if this enthusiasm has remained as strong,\" Schumacher said ahead of the Indian Grand Prix.\"After two races which have not been totally satisfying, we naturally wish for a more positive trend to come, and I can say that everybody in the team has put in a lot of effort to achieve it,\" he added.His teammate Nico Rosberg expressed that he was impressed by the Indian fans. \"Last year I was really impressed by the passion and friendliness of the Indian people so I'm looking forward to visiting again and having some more interesting experiences,\" said Rosberg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16897928", "title": "3 days after, girl's body exhumed for post-mortem", "text": "BHOPAL: Body of the two-year-old girl, who died after she was reportedly administered infected injection at Kamla Nehru hospital on October 16, was exhumed on Saturday for post-mortem.The police said initially deceased's father, Siyaram did not agree for the autopsy.But after he approached the police on Saturday, alleging that doctors' negligence who administered injection caused the death of his daughter, the police exhumed the body and sent it for autopsy.\"The post-mortem would be conducted on Sunday. Further course of investigation would depend on the autopsy report,\" said CSP Ashish Khare.The deceased's father alleged that initially he was told by doctors that autopsy would be of no use. However, on learning about its importance and action against ones responsible for her daughter's death, Siyaram registered a case after which the body was exhumed, the police added.More than 18 minors have gone unwell after injections were administered to them at Kamla Nehru hospital.Later, three of them died, but the hospital management confirmed death of only Saloni due to infected injection and stressed that deaths of two others were for some others reasons.Report of medicine samples collected from the hospital after the incident pointed to the use of diluent containing bacteria to administer injections.A day after incident, the government had suspended two resident doctors and a staff nurse, besides, serving show-cause notices to two senior doctors of the paediatrics department of GMC, including its HoD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16901139", "title": "All-weather LoC fence in Kashmir: Experts to visit border soon", "text": "SRINAGAR: With an aim to achieve zero- infiltration, the Centre will soon send a group of experts to Line of Control (LoC) ahead of onset of the harsh winter to give a feasibility report on erection of an all-weather fence that can withstand even heavy snowfall in the area.During the recent visit of Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to Kashmir Valley, detailed discussions took place on construction of a permanent fence along the LoC, where each year 83 km of fencing is damaged due to snowfall or avalanches, official sources said today.Out of the 740 km long stretch of LoC, India has built fence along 550 km, work on which was completed in 2004.However, due to repeated damage to fence by heavy snow, terrorists from across the border used to take advantage and infiltrate into the Valley.As per the proposal, a brain child of Director General of Jammu and Kashmir Police Ashok Prasad, the Union Home Ministry will send a team of experts comprising civil engineers from reputed institutions to the LoC to carry out a detailed feasibility study of erecting a permanent fence, the sources said.During the first phase, the Centre plans to seal nearly 40 routes which have traditionally been used by terrorists to infiltrate into the Valley and these are mainly in North Kashmir areas like Kupwara, Gurez, Uri and Keran and Doda district of Jammu region.Every year nearly 83 km of the fencing along the LoC especially in North Kashmir's Gurez, Karnah, Kupwara and Gulmarg sectors is damaged which allows militants to infiltrate into the Kashmir Valley and other parts of the state, the sources said.They said the team of experts also comprising officials from Indian Meteorological Department would also identify highly avalanche prone areas after taking into account average snowfall for the last one decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "16895483", "title": "Three arms smugglers arrested in Ara", "text": "ARA: Bhojpur police, with STF personnel, arrested three interstate arms smugglers and recovered nine country-made pistols, nine magazines and three mobile phone sets from their possession near Ara railway station under Nawada police station area at about 8.30pm.Officer in charge, Nawada police station said the STF personnel were tipped off that some interstate arms smugglers had taken shelter in a hut near Ara railway station. The STF personnel, along with district police, raided the hut and arrested the three criminals. They were identified as Md Parwez Alam alias Chunnu of Mubarakchak locality under Muffassil police station in Munger, Harendra Singh of Nathmalpur village under Barahara police station and Pankaj Kumar Singh of Posawa village under Gajrajganj police outpost in Bhojpur district. Md Parwez is said to be the mastermind of the gang.One dies in mishap: A middle-aged person was crushed to death at Dharahara bridge under Nawada police station on Saturday morning by a speeding tractor when he was trying to cross the road. Officer in charge of Nawada PS said Suresh Prasad of Raghutola under Nawada PS was trying to cross the road at Dharahara bridge in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896427", "title": "Rs 7 lakh compensation to victims in Vijit Singh case", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly four years after Vijit Singh, step grandson of late Rajmata Gayatri Devi, run over an 18-year-old girl and injured three others while driving his brand new Volkswagen car, a city court on Saturday awarded a compensation of Rs 7 lakh to the victims.The court of judicial magistrate (fast track) - 9 held that as Vijit was under the influence of alcohol, the Oriental Insurance Company, with which the offending vehicle was insured, would not be liable to pay the compensation. Singh himself will have to deposit the compensation in the court within 30 days. Though the compensation claim filed by the victim's family members have been decided, the accident case is still going on in a trial court.The 45-year-old grandson of late Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II was arrested in a case of hit-and-run in which a girl student from Kota, Babita Choudhary, was killed and three others - Gori Nagar, Monindar Kaur and Saifali Tiwari -- were injured on December 15, 2008. The girls had come to Jaipur on an educational trip from Kota and were crossing the road.\"The court has awarded Rs 5.46 lakh to Babita's family members, Rs 70,337 to Gori, 58,530 to Monindar and 20,232 to Saifali Tiwari,\" said Kuldeep Singh Poonia, Babita family's lawyer, adding that the court has directed Vijit to deposit the compensation in the court in 30 days.Vijit had consumed alcohol when the accident occurred late night at Gandhi Nagar junction in the city. The police had filed a chargesheet under Section 279 (rash driving on a public way), 337 and 338 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 304A (causing death by negligence) of IPC and Section 185 of Motor Vehicle Act against Vijit who was released on bail.\"The insurance company had submitted in the court that it is not liable to pay the compensation as the accused was under the influence of alcohol under Section 64 VB of the Insurance Act. Interestingly, it was claimed by the company that the investigating officer in the case should have booked Vijit under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of IPC, but it was a negligence on part of the police,\" said the lawyer.Family members of Babita, a first year management student - had claimed a compensation of Rs 40 lakh, while each of the three injured girls Rs 10 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897794", "title": "Supreme Court makes grant of bail tougher for gangsters", "text": "NEW DELHI: From now on, gangsters will find it tougher to get bail as the Supreme Court said that in cases under the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) no accused should get relief unless the court was satisfied that the evidence presented might not lead to conviction.This is in stark contrast to the bail granted to an accused facing charges under the Indian Penal Code (IPC), in which the trial court prima facie satisfies itself about the innocence of the accused.Cancelling the bail granted by the Bombay high court to an alleged gangster facing charges under MCOCA for contract killing of another criminal Farid Tanasha in Chembur two years ago, a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi said there was no reasonable ground to believe that the accused had not committed the crime.Noting the bar on leniency in bail to accused under MCOCA, the bench said while dealing with bail provisions under this law a court might have to probe into the matter deeper so as to enable it to arrive at a finding that the evidence collected against the accused during the investigation might not justify a judgment of conviction.Justice Sathasivam, writing the judgment for the bench, added another important yet stringent rider to the process of granting bail when he said: \"The court will be required to record a finding as to the possibility of his committing a crime after grant of bail.\"So, the judge, who is considering the bail application, needs to go into the past crime history of the accused: whether he was part of any gang and then draw an inference whether he is likely to commit an offence after his release on bail.\"What would further be necessary on the part of the court is to see the culpability of the accused and his involvement in the commission of an organized crime either directly or indirectly,\" the bench said.Tanasha, a known criminal, was shot dead at his residence at Tilaknagar, Chembur, on June 3, 2010. The Mumbai Police's investigations showed that the murder was committed allegedly on instructions of Bharat Nepali and Vijay Shetty. The police alleged builder Dattatray Bhakare had allegedly contracted the killing by paying Rs 90 lakh to the Bharat Nepali gang.The trial court had rejected the bail plea of accused Vishwanath Maranna Shetty, one of the members of the gang, on May 7, 2011. However, the Bombay HC had on August 10, 2011, granted him bail after imposing certain conditions. The apex court allowed the appeal of Maharashtra government and cancelled his bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16896926", "title": "30-year-old Madiaon resident ends life", "text": "LUCKNOW: A man in late 30s committed suicide at Goud Bheed village under Madiaon police station on Saturday following prolonged cardiac ailments. Pawan Shukla, the deceased was suffering from heart related problems for sometime and was jobless.According to the police, Deepa Shukla, the wife of deceased used to look after the family comprising two children by taking up jobs like stitching and weaving. Deepa had gone out to buy medicines for her husband near Shia college, when her husband allegedly hung himself. Pawan is survived by 10-year-old daughter and 8-year-old son.Meanwhile, a 45-year-old man was found dead in Gosainganj area on Saturday. Resident of Bhedhankheda village in Gosainganj, Dayaram Raidas, the deceased, was an alcoholic and used to stay alone. Police said that Dayaram's family had abandoned him some months back, a he used to frequently beat them up. tnnDayaram worked as labourer and had died three to four days back. His death was reported to the police by one of his fellow workers on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16897731", "title": "Those violates law should be punished: Former Chief Justice of India", "text": "BANGALORE: Asserting that those violating law should be punished, former Chief Justice of India MN Venkatachaliah on Saturday said application of mediation to every violation has turned the justice delivery system into a 'compensation-based' one, and the same would amount to 'mockery of justice'.\"Mediation has turned the system into a compensation-based system, instead of a rights-based one. Everything cannot be compensated. Violations need to be punished. Otherwise, it will be a mockery of justice,\" the former head of the Indian judiciary said in his speech at the silver jubilee function of the five-year LLB course of University Law College, Bangalore.Law only solution\"Lawyers and judges have to reflect upon the negative social critical mass accounting to 30% of the population, people who have lost faith in the system and governance and have become cynical. Also, 87% of the income/wealth of the country is in the hands of 15% of people. Unfortunately, the situation is that those who rule are the law now. In such a situation, law is the only solution to keep rule of law and integrity of the nation intact,\" he added.Justice V Gopala Gowda, CJ, Orissa high court, who had also worked as a teacher for a year (1986-87, first batch of the course) said increase in number of law colleges and universities across the country is an indicator of people's aspiration. \"We have 92 law colleges in Karnataka and 950 all over the country. This apart, there are 16 law universities,\" he said.Prof VB Coutinho , who heralded and guided the five-year law course, said when he proposed the course, everybody in Bangalore had ridiculed him. \"This course is bound to stay and improve the legal education,\" he said.Filed by Vasanth/Cleared by Naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896339", "title": "Last-minute travellers have a tough time getting tickets", "text": "CHENNAI: There was an unusual rush for bus tickets on Saturday as last-minute travel planners jostled to make use of the extended weekend. As trains are fully booked, several people boarded private and government bus services at Koyembedu to different destinations on Friday and Saturday.As Puja holidays fall on Tuesday, people get a bunch of holidays if they take a day off on Monday. Many are travelling to their home towns. There is a huge demand for berths on trains and seats on buses to Madurai, Coimbatore, Trichy, Bangalore and Kochi.\"All seats on buses at 8pm and 8.30pm to Madurai, Coimbatore and other cities in the state were sold out early. We have tickets to Bangalore. There is a huge demand for seats as people are travelling for Puja holidays,\" said an official of an Omni bus company.An online portal showed that seats were sold out for more than four buses to Madurai and more than eight buses to Coimbatore on Saturday evening. Fares are also going up because of the demand. Bus operators are also under pressure to add more services to meet the demand. Train travel is ruled out for last minute travel because reservations have been on waitlist for a while. \"Trains are full, so I have to depend on buses to travel home,\" said a passenger looking for a seat at Koyembedu.A survey conducted by an online travel portal showed that people who travel by buses cannot have trains as an option because they plan their trip only seven days ahead. This rules out trains as an option because tickets on busy routes are often sold out three months in advance.Railways are also under pressure from passengers. Many passengers argued with officials to allow them to travel using waitlisted tickets. \"There is not much rush today when compared to the crowd on Friday. But unreserved coaches were crowded on Saturday,\" said a railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897087", "title": "Former President APJ Abdul Kalam to attend golden jubilee function of IIT-Kanpur Gymkhana", "text": "KANPUR: The Student Gymkhana of IIT-Kanpur has completed 50 years of its existence. The golden jubilee function of the gymkhana will be held on October 25. Former President APJ Abdul Kalam will attend the function. The students of the institute are engaged in the preparations for the function. Abhay Jain, President, Student Gymkhana president Abhay Jain said Kalam would reach IIT-K campus in the evening on October 25.He would spend some time at the air strip of the institute where an air show has been planned by the Aero Modeling Club.The former President would see the wind tunnel facility at the institute.This will be followed by formal inauguration of the Golden Jubilee celebrations by the Missile Man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16895849", "title": "Train movement affected as naxalites remove tracks", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Train movement along the 453-km long Kottavalasa - Kirandul (KK) line, used for iron ore transportation, got disrupted on Saturday after three engines and two wagons of an empty goods train derailed in the wee hours of Saturday when Maoists allegedly removed a 100-meter track at Kamaluru near Bhansi area of Dantewada, a border district of Chhattisgarh.The mishap resulted in movement of six to eight empty and loaded rakes suspended till traffic was cleared. The red rebels had blasted the tracks twice in March this year. The Kottavalasa-Kirandul line is used mainly for transportation of iron ore to Visakhapatnam from NMDC's Bailadila mines, located in the Maoist-controlled Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh , partly for exports through ships at the port and also to meet the requirement of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant and other steel and sponge iron ore producers. The derailment took place at 4 am near Kamaluru area, 12 km from Dantewada. Every goods train has three engines on the KK line for freight traffic as the line is built on a hilly terrain with numerous tunnels.Maoist activities such as derailment of empty rakes, freight wagons, locomotives, removal of tracks over long stretches and snapping of communication links along the route generally take place between Bacheli and Bhansi, a 9 km stretch, and between Kamaluru and Dantewada of 12 km stretch and Kamaluru and Bhansi of 25 km stretch, which are areas having a stronghold of red guerillas.The authorities of Waltair division in the East Coast Railway resumed normal movement on the line at around 2 pm following the repair operations. It costs a revenue loss of Rs 2 crore to the railways if the freight traffic is suspended for a day. Even a partial disruption on the line would cost dear to the railways, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16897375", "title": "Why Dasara procession culminates at Bannimantap", "text": "MYSORE: For over 200 years, the famous Mysore Dasara procession has followed one route - it commences at Mysore Palace and ends at the site of the 'Banni tree' (now Bannimantap parade grounds), at the northern part of Mysore. But not many know why the victory procession concludes there and what its significance is.The festivities first began during the regime of the Vijayanagar kings. After the fall of the dynasty, Raja Wadiyar, then Maharaja of Mysore, continued the celebrations and shifted the venue to Srirangapatna in early 16th century. Two centuries later, the celebration was relocated to Mysore by Krishnaraja Wadiyar III and since 1805, the Dasara festival has been held in Mysore. | Maharajas worshipped weapons and the state sword was sent in a procession of horses, elephants and troops to the Banni tree, where Maharajas hunted wild animals that were specially captured and released for the purpose, reviewed army units and witnessed display of fireworks. Then kings worshipped Banni tree while priests invoked blessings of Banni Mahakali, the goddess of the tree. Also a prayer to the Goddess of Banni tree (Shami Stuti) was chanted. After this the King used to return in a torch-lit procession to the Palace, records Swami Shivapriyananda in his book titled Mysore Royal Dasara.Mysore heritage committee member Echanuru Kumar, who is also Mysore City buildings commentator, told STOI that 'Bannimara' is considered sacred by Pandavas because the tree protected their weapons buried under it before they left for 'Vanavasa.' Pandavas worshipped the tree as a mark of respect. The same tradition was followed by Vijayanagar kings and then by Maharajas of Mysore till Karnataka government took over the festivities in early 1970s. Until then, maharajas of Mysore used to offer pooja to Bannimara located in the northern part of Mysore (now Bannimantap parade grounds) and then head back to the Palace in a torch-lit procession. After offering pooja, Kings use to pluck leaves of Banni tree and keep it safely until the next Dasara, explained Echanuru, adding that it was then Dewan Poornaiah who identified Banni tree at the northern side of the Palace. Due its significance an ornate arch gate was created at Banni Mantapa in the 19th century.Even Banni mara at Srirangapatna was located on its northern part.The procession then used to pass along Ashoka Road (earlier Dodda Pete) and reach the destination but in 1936 the Dasara procession route was changed to the present Sayyaji Rao Road. The total distance of the present stretch is 5 km as against the earlier 3 km, Echanuru stated.This year's is the 402nd Dasara celebrations and in Mysore, 207th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16900547", "title": "68% of milk in country adulterated: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 68 per cent of milk in the country does not conform to the standards set by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), the Centre has told the Supreme Court on a plea for checking sale of synthetic and adulterated milk and various dairy products.The submission has been made by the Centre in its affidavit which referred to a survey conducted by the FSSAI, which had found that over 68 per cent of the \"non-conforming\" milk was found in urban areas, 66 per cent of which was loose milk.According to the FSSAI's 2011 survey, the most common adulterant was found to be the addition of water, and the main reason for deviation from the standards was addition of glucose and skimmed milk powder. It also found that in some samples, detergent was mixed.The affidavit was filed in response to the notice issued on a PIL by a group of citizens, led by Swami Achyutanand Tirth of Uttarakhand, seeking a check on sale of synthetic and adulterated milk and various dairy products.Notices had also been issued to Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Delhi governments on a PIL alleging that synthetic and adulterated milk and milk products are prepared using urea, detergent, refined oil, caustic soda and white paint which, according to studies, are \"very hazardous\" to human life and can cause serious diseases like cancer.The petitioners' advocate Anurag Tomar said that the affidavit is silent on many aspects which allegedly refer to adulteration of milk and its products.The affidavit said that over 83 per cent of the non-conforming milk in rural areas was found to be loose milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16900916", "title": "Navy officer dies under mysterious circumstances", "text": "KOCHI: Navy sub-lieutenant died under mysterious circumstances due to a bullet injury at INS Dronacharya in Fort Kochi on Sunday morning. The deceased was identified as Arun Kumar, 27, from Chennai.Navy in its official statement said, \"the officer has expired of a self -inflicted bullet injury\". Sources added that the injury was caused from his service pistol, when Kumar was at the rest room at 10.20 am. An officer of the Navy's Quick Reaction Group, he was on duty at the time of the incident.Navy has ordered a board of inquiry into the incident.Kumar joined the Navy in 2003 as a sailor and was commissioned as an officer in 2012.A team of officials at the Fort Kochi police station along with forensic and finger print experts visited the crime scene for a detailed probe.This is the second incident at INS Dronacharya in the last two years. Earlier, Rear Admiral Satyendra Singh Jamwal was killed in an accidental firing at the training establishment's small arms firing range on July 7, 2010. Though police suspected it to be case of suicide, Navy dismissed it as a case of accidental firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16897937", "title": "Thiruvanthapuram residents told to ensure hygienic environment", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: All the residents associations in the city will have to observe a dry day in a week. This would mean that the residents have to make sure about stagnant water being cleared off their premises and preventing the growth of mosquitoes in residential areas.The decision was taken in a meeting of residents associations, merchants and builders convened by city corporation on Saturday. The meeting was convened as part of the corporation's move to team up with the district administration to check the spread of epidemics in the city.\"We have asked the residents association to observe a dry day. All the abandoned cans, buckets or flower pots where the mosquitoes usually breed will have to be cleared off from their premises. The corporation has also assured the associations about the collection of plastic waste from apartments,\" said chairman of welfare standing committee Palayam Rajan. The builders have also been directed to clear the pits and small holes that develop on construction sites.\"Often during piling or other construction activities, the pits and holes are left unattended. This later proves to be ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes. The builders have been directed to make sure that they don't leave any such pits on the construction sites,\" added Rajan.The corporation has also sought the cooperation of merchants in the city to be a part of the cleaning drive. At places where the volunteer service cannot be deployed, the merchants have been asked to ensure a hygienic environment around their shops.The civic body will deploy a squad comprising 50 volunteers in one ward to prevent epidemic outbreak during rainy season.The squads will conduct regular house visits in all the hundred wards from the first week of November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "16895845", "title": "Two minors among three held for robbery", "text": "NIZAMABAD: The Armoor police on Saturday arrested three burglars including two minors and recovered a total of 52 tolas of gold and four grams of silver ornaments from them.Producing them before the media at Armoor on Saturday, Nizamabad DSP P Rammohan Rao said that the accused Amjad, 23, and two minors aged 11 and 13 entered the house of one Poli Mohan, a resident of old bus stand area, on October 7 night when the family members were not at home, and fled with the gold and silver ornaments.Mohan who is a goldsmith prepares ornaments by taking orders from jewellery shops. He lodged a complaint with Armoor police on October 17.On Saturday, the cops took three persons into custody while they were moving suspiciously in Armoor old bus stand. During interrogation, they confessed to the crime. While the minors were residents of old bus stand area, Amjad was a native of Thirmanpalli village of Navipet mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16897856", "title": "Want to end career at Mumbai FC, says Yusif Yakubu", "text": "MUMBAI: His is the kind of calm that can take on a tsunami of adversity head-on and come home a clear winner every day. He even throws in a beaming smile for effect.But unlike his game that has gotten classier over time, Yusif Yakubu's composure is something he's carried with him ever since he arrived in India 12 seasons ago to give the country's top league a sparkle that won't fade.Done with his share of club-hopping, he finally joined Mumbai FC last week after a situation kept him back in Ghana despite agreeing to terms verbally.While Mumbai FC patiently waited for the man on whom much of their season's success would depend, Yakubu was watching his eight-year-old daughter Rima battle for life after complications from food poisoning saw her slip into coma .\"She's my biggest fan and I just had to be by her side. She's back in school now, so I can join the team who has been fantastic in waiting for me,\" says Yakubu.The versatile Ghanaian has come at a time when Mumbai FC have gone without a point in two games, and Yakubu is well aware of the expectations. \"I know the fans in Mumbai will expect a lot from me and I will accomplish what I have come to do for this club. The supporters need to stand by this team.\"Yakubu had offers in big numbers after spending a season with Kolkata club United SC, but Mumbai was an easy choice. His first brush with the city was in Mahindra United colours and Yakubu gets transported back in time, fondly reminiscing about the three seasons with the team full of stars.\"What a team we were! They are always great memories. I was constantly in touch with Khalid Jamil and thought it would be nice to go back to Mumbai. Believe me, when I tell you there's a lot of football in this city,\" he says.His second coming to the city apart , the Mumbai FC stint means a reunion with Jamil who was Yakubu's teammate at Mahindra but the Ghanaian is too much of a professional to keep the equation the same.\"He is my coach now. The respect I give him will be a lot more. But that's the nature of football, anything is possible,\" he says, again offering his trademark smile.At 36, age certainly isn't aiding Yakubu's agility and he admits that fitness will decide how long he plays the game he loves to bits. But in what will be a perfect ode to the fans from the city that celebrated his time at Mahindra, Yakubu says Mumbai FC could be his last club.\"I have a lot still left in me but I think I want to finish at Mumbai FC. I want to bring back good football to the people here,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16897107", "title": "Road over bridge renovation works to begin on October 29", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Putting an end to the woes of the motorists on Kozhikode-Kannur highway, the public work department's national highway division has decided to renovate three major road over bridges (ROBs) on NH 66, which are in a dilapidated condition.The works on ROBs at Vengalam and Vengali will start on October 29 and the work at ROB at Chengottukavu on the highway would be carried out later. The authorities are planning to complete the works on the two bridges within one month and after that the works of the Chengottukavu ROB will begin.The journey through the ROBs was a nightmarish experience for the drivers as well the passengers in this route. Social and political organizations including Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI) were on warpath against the indefinite delay of the renovation works on the bridges. The protesters had alleged that the unscientific construction of ROBs resulted in the formation of huge gaps between the joints of the spans of ROBs, affecting the smooth ride through the bridges.Sources at the PWD NH section, Kozhikode, said the bridges would be renovated in the line of works carried out on Korappuzha Bridge two years ago. If needed, the construction joints of the bridges would be renovated and the side barriers would be reconstructed.The repair works on spans of the bridges would be completed in a time bound manner, said the sources, adding that the approach roads of the bridges also would be renovated. \"The height of the approach roads of the bridges would be raised and the roads would be strengthened by granular sub base (GSB) and bitumen macadem bitumen concrete ( BMBC) processes,\" he said. The total estimated cost of the renovation works of three bridges is Rs 3.18 crore. The work of the Chengotukavu bridges would be held under the super vision of Vatakara section of NH wing of PWD.The traffic through the Vengali and Vengalam ROBs will be blocked from Saturday onwards and the traffic through Kozhikode-Kannur road will be diverted through Pavangad-Atholi-Thiruvangoor road. The traffic diversion during the works at Chengottukavu Bridge will be announced later. The works were scheduled to start on last Friday, but was postponed considering the Pooja holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16899178", "title": "Kejriwal dares Sonia, PM for public debate on corruption", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal has dared the Prime Minister, Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi for a public debate and said India Against Corruption will answer questions raised against it only after Congress leadership and Robert Vadra come clean on charges of corruption.A day after Congress leader Digvijaya Singh posed questions to Kejriwal on funding of his NGO and other issues, the activist hit back saying he was willing to reply to all queries but Singh should first convice Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and others to answer issues raised by the people.\"We had put some questions to Robert Vadra and the Prime Minister. Let them answer first. Then, we will answer all questions from Digvijaya Singh. I request Singh to encourage Mrs Gandhi, Prime Minister or Rahul Gandhi to come for a public debate.\"Let's question each other and let public question us on personal and public issues. Is Digvijaya Singh ready? If he cannot convince his party bosses or the PM, then people would think he is doing all this for cheap publicity and to divert attention,\" Kejriwal said.He said the leadership did not answer questions on Vadra or Lokpal and he wants Singh to get the answers from the Prime Minister, Vadra and Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.\"They can ask us any number of questions about our personal life, we will answer. Then we will ask them...they should also answer in public,\" he said.When asked about Singh's remarks that there was evidence against the kin of A B Vajpayee and L K Advani of alleged corruption but Congress will never use that to embarrass them, Kejriwal said his group has been talking about each party protecting others' interest.\"They are not bringing these issues out not on moral grounds but on corrupt grounds. I congratulate Singh for confessing this. He has evidence of corruption against (senior BJP leaders' kin)...BJP has evidence against Vadra and Singh. But both have an understanding,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "dudu", "code": "16896511", "title": "Link social schemes to Aadhaar: Sonia", "text": "DUDU: The UPA-II government that is battling graft charges from social activists on Saturday presented the Aadhaar enabled service delivery application as a foolproof method of delivering social schemes' benefits to the eligible.Prime minister Manmohan Singh, while launching the application at Dudu near Jaipur said, \"Our government intends to use modern technology, particularly the ITinformation technology, to check cheating and bring about transparency and accountability in its functioning. Aadhaar is a major step in this direction.\" Presenting the 21st crore number card to Udaipur's Vali, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi said the state governments have been told to link their social schemes to the bio-metric Aadhaar card to ensure that the benefits reach the people for whom they are meant.\"The government does not shy away from providing subsidies, but faces problems in ensuring that it reaches the right persons,\" she said, addressing a gathering of thousands of people. Manmohan Singh added the common man was facing problems in taking advantage of government's social services or running his businesses because he lacked the Aadhaar card, the unique 12-digit identification number being given to citizens. \"We have tested the use of Aadhaar in Andhra Pradesh , Jharkhand, Karnataka, Tripura and Maharashtra. We will extend the project to other parts of the country,\" said Singh.The Aadhaar card was launched by the PM two years ago. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , while recollecting late prime minister Rajiv Gandhi's concern that the only 1% of the Centre's aid reaches the poor, said, \"Now every penny given by the Centre will reach the poor living in hamlets.\" Taking a cue from the UPA chairperson, Gehlot announced to link payments under 10 social schemes in the state with the Aadhaar card by next year. \"Besides, from February 2013 the state employees' salary payments will be linked with their Aadhaar numbers,\" the chief minister said.Present at the occasion, Union finance minister P Chidambaram said the linking of social schemes with the new application will prevent duplication and cheating. \"The poor will be the biggest beneficiary of the Aadhaar card that will be used to pay subsidies on kerosene/LPG and student scholarships to SC/ST/OBC and minorities,\" the minister said.Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) chairman Nandan Nilekani said by 2014 more than 60 crore citizens - nearly half the Indian population - would get their Aadhaar cards that will also serve as identity proof for opening bank accounts, getting gas and mobile connections, booking rail and air tickets.Government officials from Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand and Maharashtra were also awarded by the PM for their extraordinary and innovative contribution to improve public service delivery using Aadhaar.The sleepy town of Dudu, some 60-km from Jaipur on the Jaipur-Ajmer national highway, turned centerstage for the launch of UPA's ambitious project, as the government left no stone unturned to make it into a big event. The presence of several union ministers on the stage added to the grandness. Union ministers C P Joshi, Ashawni Kumar, Mukul Wasnik and Sachin Pilot and deputy chairman of planning commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16897632", "title": "Celebrating Navratri Tamilian style", "text": "MARGAO: Even as Goans celebrate Navratri amidst much pomp and gaiety, members of the Tamilian community residing in the state celebrate the festival in their own native style, for the last three generations.Tamilians add a religious touch to the celebrations by dedicating the nine special nights to Goddess Durga, Goddess Lakshmi and Goddess Saraswati. The first three days are dedicated to Godess Durga, the next three to Godess Lakshmi and the final three days to Goddess Saraswati, where special Navratri pujas and rituals are performed\"As it happens in Tamil Nadu, Navartri is similar to the 'Haldhi Kumkum' in Konkan region, where the host family invites married women to their homes in the evenings and blesses them for a long marital life. The women gather in each other's houses in rotation everyday to sing Shoshtram/hymns about different goddesses/gods,\" explained Kumar Ramamurthy, while speaking to STOI on Saturday.During these celebrations, some people also display a 'Golu' in their homes. 'Golu' is an arrangement made on a make-shift staircase with nine stairs. Each stair symbolizes each day of Navratri. Decorative items, idols of gods and goddesses are placed on the stairs. In most cases, the dolls that are used for the 'Golu' are handed over from generation to generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16895943", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation halts T-girder eyewash", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has finally woken from its slumber and issued notices to stop illegal construction in Moto Sutharwado area of the walled city. The issue was highlighted by TOI last week along with a number of other construction activities based on steel T-girders permissions in the walled city.The AMC's central zone office claims to have started a fresh drive on all illegal construction activity in the walled city. To start with, a special team has been visiting owners of old pol homes who have sought permissions for repair, using T-girders. \"Owners first take permissions for repair and construct an entirely new building in its place with bricks and cement. For support, they make pillars but add an extra T-shaped steel girders to meet the requsite condition of the T-girders repair,\" says a senior officer of the AMC's central zone.\"Local politicians put lot of pressure on central zone officers to pass plans. Developers pay anywhere between Rs 35,000 for a small construction to Rs 3 to Rs 5 lakh for an apartment, as commission to local politician,\" says a senior AMC official.He adds, \"The developers flash repair permissions with T-girders. But on site, it is apparent that they are building brand new structures.\" Some AMC officials claim that there is little guarantee when it comes to structural stability as there is no margin space between any two adjacent buildings.\"The recent construction in Wagheshwar ni Pol and Moto Sutharwado areas involved T-girder permission. But that is an eyewash. The developers have actually pulled down old buildings. They build entire concrete structure from scratch,\" admits a senior AMC official.It's a sad situation where on one hand the AMC has asked the National Institute of Disaster Management ( NIDM) to formulate a disaster management plan for the walled city \u2014 to be submitted by December \u2014 and on the other hand the civic body encourages unauthorized construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900996", "title": "Karthi gives a surprise to DSP", "text": "This is the first time that composer Devi Sri Prasad is associating with Karthi in Alex Pandian and the audio of the film, we hear, is all to release. The actor, it seems, was quite impressed with the final mix of the audio and sent a bouquet to the composer, who was in Bangalore for a show.The composer, in turn, was quite impressed with the actor's gesture and tweeted about the incident on his micro-blogging page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16896490", "title": "'Adulterated mawa bridges between huge demand and low supply'", "text": "JAIPUR: The black market of white mawa is flourishing in the state. Rajasthan is the second highest producer of milk and is the largest producer of mawa. Mewat region is said to be the factory of milk products. The demand during the festive season overshoots the supply and paves way for the adulterated mawa in the market.Last year, during the month of Diwali, the district administrations of Bharatpur, Alwar and Dholpur seized more than nine quintal of adulterated mawa from various factories operating in all the three districts. Despite the crackdown, the illegal trade continued and during Holi this year yet consignments of spurious mawa were recovered from these areas. The region supplies milk products not only to the state but also to the neighbouring states - Haryana, UP and New Delhi.To check the practice this year and restore the faith of people in the traditional Indian mithai, the district administration of Alwar has already started collecting samples for tests. \"We have appointed an IAS officer to oversee the situation. We have identified eight centres and appointed one supervisor for each center. Also affidavits from shopkeepers have been taken holding them accountable for any adulterated food item found in their shops,\" said Alwar district collector Ashutosh AT.Spurious mawa is made by adding powdered milk and dalda. But in some cases even chalk powder is mixed with water, white paint or animal paint has been found. This is very dangerous and can even damage the liver. \"Adding water is not a problem, but if anyone is mixing toxic chemicals then it becomes hazardous to health and a serious problem,\" said Vishnu Saini, a halwai by profession.Officials claimed that the business of fake mawa flourishes due to gap in demand and supply. \"The daily consumption of mawa during the festivals reaches to 100-150 tonnes in the state. But the milk production lingers around 20 lakh liters per day. Even if we use the whole milk for manufacturing of mawa, the supply will not exceed beyond 20 tonnes. Clearly adulterated mawa enters into the market to bridge the huge gap,\" a senior official of the Rajasthan Cooperative Dairy Federation ltd (RCDF) said.For a permanent solution, RCDF is now planning to launch mawa under the brand name of Saras. \"We are exploring the possibilities of manufacturing mawa. As of now we are surveying the market and if we feel that our production will be consumer-friendly, we will surely go for it. We already have a plant at Bikaner, so production can be started from there and later machines can be added at the Jaipur plant too,\" said Mukesh Sharma, principal secretary and managing director of RCDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16897068", "title": "This music invokes devotion, celebration", "text": "LUCKNOW: The sound of dhaak which have started reverberating in the city reminds of an old Bengali idiom - \"Dhaaker Taley, Komor Doley, Neehy Othey Moder Mon\" which means that with the rumbling of Dhaak, our waists automatically start moving and a desire to dance arises.Playing Dhaak which is considered auspicious for the puja adds life to the celebration. The dhaakis come from West Bengal to play Dhaak in the city and in a group of four or more.The moment they reach the city, they make their presence felt by playing it right from the railway station. Most of the dhaakis are labourers or farmers who play Dhaak in their spare time, and Durga Puja is the time for them to earn some extra money.Senior vice-president of Victory XI Sports Club, Saurabh Bandyopadhyay said, \"Most of them earn extra on these five-day puja celebrations, which is enough for them to sustain at least for some time.\"Shibu Das who works as labourer in his village in West Bengal's Birbhum district and has come to play Dhaak said, \"After day's work as a labourer, I get a meagre amount. But here for playing Dhaak, I get good money and organisers also take care of food, lodging and travelling expenses.\"The art of playing Dhaak is passed from generation to generation. But it has become a dying profession as dhaakis do not want their children to take it. Madan Notto, a native of Malda, West Bengal, who has been playing Dhaak at Bengali Club for the last 16 years said, \"I want my children to pursue higher education and take up a good and sustainable job.\"He added that he will teach his children Dhaak only to preserve their culture. Notto also plays Dhaak at other festivals in Kolkata. Talking about how he feels at Lucknow, he said, \"When I come here, I feel that I am with my family, and I enjoy playing dhaak in the city.\"The group of dhaakis play distinct tune for different rituals of the puja celebration - from the very arrival till departure of the Goddess. The Dhaak is played only on one side (ek mukh) with 'kathi' (sticks). While the right kathi maintains the 'sur', the left concentrates on the rhythm. Literary secretary, Bengali Club, Enakshi Sinha said, \"Dhaak is derived from an Austric word 'Dhaka' which was included in Sanskrit language. From there, later it became the part of Bengali script.Dhaak is a traditional leather drum made of wood of mango tree &amp; skin of goat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "16901160", "title": "Disappointed Chennai hope to end CLT20 campaign on a high", "text": "DURBAN: Already out of the semifinal race, IPL heavyweights Chennai Super Kings would look to redeem some pride and end their campaign on a high when they take on a less-formidable Yorkshire in their final Group B match of the Champions League Twenty20 on Monday.Both Chennai and fellow IPL side Mumbai Indians have crashed out of the tournament after Sydney Sixers and Highveld Lions qualified for the semifinals from Group B.Even before the first ball was bowled in Saturday's IPL derby between Chennai and Mumbai, the match was rendered a dead-rubber after Lions notched up a five-wicket victory over Yorkshire earlier in the day to become the second team from Group B to reach the semifinals.However, there was something to cheer about for Chennai fans as the Mahendra Singh Dhoni-led side eked out a narrow six-run win over Mumbai in the inconsequential IPL derby.Chennai would like to carry on the winning momentum into tomorrow's match and going by form, the Indian outfit starts as overwhelming favourites against Yorkshire.The Super Kings had made a big splash when they won the IPL in 2010 and 2011 and also annexed the Champions League title in 2010 but the Dhoni-led team failed to live up to their reputation in the latest edition of the Twenty20 event and their successive loses in the first two games put paid to their title hopes this time too.The Chennai-based team started its campaign with a 14-run loss to Sydney Sixers before suffering a six-wicket defeat at the hands of Lions. They, however, managed to register a win over Mumbai, which though came a little too late.Against Mumbai, Murali Vijay and Faf du Plessis set the platform with a challenging 173 for 8 with a 86-run opening stand. Dhoni also played an useful hand with a 19-ball 35-run cameo.And if they can continue the same way, there is no reason why Chennai can't post a huge total against a weak Yorkshire bowling attack.Bowling, however, remains a concern for Chennai as their slow bowlers were taken for a ride by Mumbai batsmen.But their pace department is in the safe hands of Ben Hilfenhaus , who turned out to be the hero for Chennai on Saturday with figures of two for 14 from his four overs.Injury-hit English side, Yorkshire is also out of the semifinal reckoning as they are languishing at the bottom of Group B.After winning both their matches in the Qualifying event, Yorkshire received a mauling at the hands of Sydney Sixers in their first match before sharing the points against Mumbai Indians in a rained-out game.They needed to win against Lions yesterday to stay in the hunt and keep the group wide open, but failed to do so, losing by five wickets in a low-scoring affair.Come Monday, Yorkshire too would be desperate to sign off their campaign on a high and return home with at least a win under their belt.And for that to happen, Yorkshire will look up to Phil Jaques , Gary Ballance and Adil Rashid to score the bulk of the runs.Yorkshire, however, lack stars in the bowling department and it is important that every individual who gets to roll his arm over comes good.Teams (from):Chennai Super Kings: MS Dhoni (Capt.), R Ashwin, Michael Hussey , Doug Bollinger , M Vijay, Faf du Plessis, Ben Hilfenhaus, Nuwan Kulasekara, Albie Morkel, Suresh Raina , Wriddhiman Saha, Ravindra Jadeja, Shadab Jakati, Yo Mahesh , S Badrinath.Yorkshire: Andrew Gale (Capt.), Moin Ashraf, Azeem Rafiq, Gary Ballance, Oliver Hannon-Dalby, Dan Hodgson, Phil Jaques, Adam Lyth, David Miller , Steven Patterson, Adil Rashid, Joe Root, Ryan Sidebottom , Iain Wardlaw, Eddie Wilson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896472", "title": "From the arena, prayer for fame and fortune", "text": "KOLKATA: In Satyajit Ray's 'Gupi Gayen Bagha Bayen', the king of ghosts has endowed Gupi and Bagha with three boons, with which they go on to conquer the world and make it a land of peace and purpose.As Goddess Durga is coming to earth to celebrate the triumph of good over evil, Bengal's leading sportspersons seek blessings from the deity for success - individually and collectively - so that the state can rule the world of sports once again. At the same time, all of them are bound by a sense of common relief: With no sporting activities around, they will all be on a pandal-hopping spree.JOYDEEP KARMAKAR (Olympian shooter)If I could seek any boons from the goddess, it would be for a collective purpose. Let Bengal have a sporting identity of which we can all be proud. Let there also be an Olympic champion from the state. Just like Goddess Durga comes with her team (Katik, Gamesh, Laxmi and Saraswati), I also want a team in place, which will be equipped with a proper arsenal to eradicate the existing ills in the sporting field. And just as the gods had empowered her with various weapons so that she could kill the demon, I also want the goddess to give necessary 'weapons' to all sportspersons so that they can kill the demons within and succeed. Finally, I will seek divine intervention for a better infrastructure and adequate financial aids for sportspersons so that their dream of making it big internationally does not die prematurely.POULAMI GHATAK (Olympian and table tennis player)First, I pray that my family stays healthy and spirited. I also pray for my husband (national champion Soumyadeep Roy) and hope that both of us bring more laurels to the state. I want the goddess to help me stay disciplined and dedicated to my pursuit of the ninth national championship. I have won it seven times (one shy of eight-time champion Indu Puri's record) and want to scale new heights in table tennis domestically. Durga Puja is always special for me. When I was young, I went to Japan for an international meet during this time. And I would go to sleep every night knowing that the festive hours would be at its peak back home. Nowadays, I arrange my competition calendar in such a way that I don't usually miss the Puja in Kolkata.DIPENDU BISWAS (Mohun Bagan striker and former India footballer)As a Mohun Bagan player, this is not the best of times for us. We have not won a trophy in the past couple of seasons and the resignation of our coach (Santosh Kashyap) has further dampened the mood. If I'm given three boons, I want good times to return to Mohun Bagan club and hope that we end up winning the I-League. My second boon from the goddess is related to a personal achievement. I am at the fag end of my career but before retiring, I want to reach the 250-goal mark (his current number of goals is 242). Finally, I want my family to stay in the pink of health and energy.RAHUL BANERJEE (Olympian archer)I have not had a good performance at the London Olympics and I'd ask the goddess for more strength and determination so that I can win a medal in archery in the next Olympics (to be held in Rio de Janeiro in 2016). Secondly, I want more funds coming to Olympic sports. Besides, I want Ma Durga to ensure that there is proper training facilities and planning for sportspersons before they leave for international competitions.DOLA BANERJEE (Olympian archer)India has made a name in world archery, but an Olympic medal still remains elusive. The first boon I'd seek is an Indian winning an Olympic medal in archery. Proper infrastructure and setting up of a number of academies are also on my wish list. Finally, Durga Puja is a celebration of the triumph of good over evil. But we are passing through turbulent and restless times, not only here, but in many parts of the world. Ma, can you overcome these evil powers in society and make it a better place for living?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16897210", "title": "60 awarded degrees at Sportking Institute of Fashion Technology", "text": "LUDHIANA: A graduation ceremony was held at the Sportking Institute of Fashion Technology (SIFT) on Saturday. Advisor to vice-chancellor of PTU, Dr Nachatar Singh, was the guest of honour.The ceremony started with students invoking the blessings of the Almighty. While president Anjali Avathi, executive director R M Gupta, Charanjiv Singh and other members of the managing committee extended a warm welcome to the guests. Dr Nachatar gave away the diplomas to around 60 students from different streams.In his convocation address, Dr Nachatar, congratulated the students and said \"sky is the limit\" for those who are skillful, focused and devoted. R M Gupta congratulated the students and emphasized that \"hard work, determination and discipline are the keywords of success\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16899538", "title": "Rear Admiral KR Nair reviews the passing out parade at INS Valsura", "text": "RAJKOT: 'Passing Out Parade' (POP) and Valedictory Function for a batch of 72 Electrical Officers of the Indian Navy, from 0-157 course, was held on Saturday at INS Valsura in Jamnagar. INS Valsura at Jamnagar is the premier training establishment of the Indian Navy for the Electrical Officers.Rear Admiral KR Nair, AVSM, VSM, Asst Chief of Material (IT and Systems) Integrated Headquarters, Ministry of Defense (Navy), reviewed the parade and presented awards and trophies to the outstanding Officers who excelled in different fields. In his speech to the passing out course, the Admiral emphasized upon continued passion for excellence in all spheres of life being the mantra and the driving force for the Officers which will enable them to meet the stiff challenges of the rigorous warship environment.According to officials, the officers marched through the majestic Quarter-Deck of Valsura to the tunes of ' Auld Long Syne ' . This marks the culmination of their 95 weeks of training at the establishment. Lt Ankush Kumar Singh was adjudged as the best all round Officer and Lt DVM Reddy stood first in the overall order of merit amongst the Officers of the course. The best sportsman award was given to LT Amit Kumar Dalal. Four Coast Guard Officers and ten Officers from other friendly countries were also part of the course. All these Officers would now get posted to various warships for duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896119", "title": "60 kids from various countries in city for navratri festivities", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In July this year, 60 kids from all over the world had come to India and were placed with host families in 13 cities across the country to experience its rich heritage, tradition and culture. Now, Navratri has become a melting pot of cultures for these kids who have met each other for the first time to participate in the world's longest dance festival.On Saturday, a school in Vasna became a cultural potpourri when the sixty teens in the age group of 16 to 18 years practiced garba and dandiya-raas steps. \"I'm participating in a dance festival like this for the first time. I was initially skeptical about performing these complex moves, but now I have managed to hold my ground. I'm very keen to do garba as part of a global group,\" said French teen Ugo Moz, 18. The teenagers have come from countries like Denmark, Italy, Germany, France and the US as part of the AFS intercultural initiative.Their eagerness to learn garba steps was infectious as they concentrated hard to master its moves taught to them by Indian students and teachers. Domenico Vitale from Italy said, \"The dance is different but beautiful. In my country, I feel shy but here it is easier to join the dance. I'm planning to learn a lot of new steps, not just the simple ones, but complicated ones as well.\" To some of them the steps were easy to watch but difficult to perform.\"The people were doing it so gracefully that they made it look very easy. But when I tried it myself I realized it was difficult. I will try and learn these steps from my teacher now,\" said Rachel Kramer, a student from Germany. These teenagers will be seen matching their steps on Garba songs like 'Kumkum Ghera Pagle',' Ranglo' and 'Tara vina Shyam'. \"Navratri is the only festival for which these teenagers are congregating at one place in India. All of them are here as a part of a three-day workshop where they will be exposed to various aspects of the Gujarati culture. We will be teaching them Garba after which they will be performing on stage,\" said Nirali Machhar, a board member of the AFS intercultural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16900928", "title": "Two militants killed, security personnel injured in Sopore", "text": "SRINAGAR: Two militants were believed to have been killed and as many security force personnel injured in an overnight encounter in Sopore town of Baramulla district of Kashmir.The house, in which the militants were hiding, has been razed to ground and a search is on to locate the bodies of the two militants after the encounter ended this morning, police said today.They said two security force personnel -- an Assistant Sub-Inspector of Police and a CRPF jawan -- were injured in the operation that was launched yesterday.Security forces had cordoned off the Chanakhan locality in Sopore, 52 kms from here, last evening following information about presence of militants in the area.The militants opened fire on the security forces, triggering the encounter.Senior police officials had rushed to the spot as a top commander of Lashkar-e-Toiba was believed to be trapped in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16895636", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi seeks 'Cameraman' ban", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the state government and director Puri Jagannadh made efforts on Saturday to address the objections raised by Telangana activists to the screening of Pawan Kalyan-starrer 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu' in the region, the TRS upped the ante and demanded a ban on the movie. Charging that the movie, that released last Thursday, ridiculed the Telangana people in general and TRS top leaders in particular, T protagonists attacked theatres across the region on Friday and ensured that the screening of the film was suspended.On Saturday, Puri Jagannadh deleted some 'objectionable' scenes from the film. But a committee constituted by the state government to view the film and make suitable recommendations sought the deletion of more scenes and dialogues. The committee, headed by Andhra Pradesh Film, Television and Theatre Development Corporation (APFTVTDC) managing director R V Chandravadan and has Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce president Tammareddy Bharadwaja, Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce president N Vijayender Reddy, director Allani Sridhar and producer 'Dil' Raju as members, watched the film on Saturday evening and was inclined to agree with the protesters that the film portrayed the Telangana people and its leaders in a bad light.\"A movie cannot hurt the sentiments of any section of society. This movie does and we have given our objections in writing,\" Allani Sridhar said after watching the movie. Vijayender Reddy said it was clear that the movie has targeted the Telangana movement. Incidentally, some others who were invited to view the film, like director N Shankar, journalist Allam Narayana and lyricist-singer Vandemataram Srinivas, preferred to steer clear of the controversy. Shankar, who directed the film 'Jai Bolo Telangana' reportedly backed out after he received threatening calls from some unidentified persons.However, all these moves did not pacify the TRS as it insisted on a total ban on the film. Preferring to boycott viewing the film despite being invited by the official committee, the TRS said nothing short of a total ban would be acceptable to them. \"The state government is trying to shrug off its responsibility by constituting the committee. We demand that the state government ban the film as its very plot is demeaning to the Telangana movement. Therefore, we have rejected the 12 cuts the film director has made to it. There is no point in trimming the film here and there when the entire story line is malicious,\" said TRS politburo member D Sravan.As per the Cinematography Act, a total ban can be imposed on a film if it threatens public security even after it has been cleared by the Central Board of Film Certification. (CBFC). Meanwhile, screening of the film \"Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu\" continued to remain suspended in the Telangana, including Hyderabad for the second day on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895646", "title": "Garba squad to curb eve-teasing", "text": "MUMBAI: To keep a check on harassment of women revelers, cops have introduced an all-women anti-eve-teasing squad at Navratri pandals in the Dahisar-Goregaon belt. It comprises 50 women constables in traditional garba outfits who will keep a lookout for eve-teasers.\"The move is aimed at preventing eve-teasing instances at Navratri pandals,\" said Sunil Paraskar, additional commissioner (north region). The Dahisar to Goregaon belt has some prominent Navratri pandals, which see very large crowds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16898188", "title": "Khemka shattered land sharks' Aravalli dream", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Almost two months before his transfer, whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka had annoyed the Haryana government and shattered the dreams of land sharks who wanted to build houses with a view on Aravalli foothills.In a move that irked the government and several realty dealers, the officer on August 21 had withdrawn the consolidation process of over 5,700 acres of land at Rozka-Gujar village on the foothills of Aravalli in Gurgaon district.He cancelled the previous order on land consolidation of the village, observing that the process was adopted by vested interests \"to corner chunks of land\".According to his observation, the Rozka-Gujar village was marked as uninhabited (be-chirag). Over 1,000 people owned the entire area of 5,744 acres in the village.\"Almost the entire village was purchased bypowerful business-politico-bureaucratic-police nexus with ostensibly no interest in agricultural activities. Some land transactions seemed benami on behalf of a few powerful politicians and bureaucrats,\" Khemka, who was transferred from land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation as managing director on October 11, had observed in his order.The objective of land consolidation act is to help farmers pool together their fragmented agriculture plots and make maximum use of their resources. \"In this case, there was no land under agriculture activity and there was no fragmentation of land to consolidate. It was apparent that the scope of the consolidation act had been extended as a tool of partition,\" Khemka said.\"The land in the village offered excellent potential for real estate sharks for constructing farm houses, resorts and residential zones after obtaining the change in land use permission from the department of town and country planning,\" said Khemka.According to the officer's order, the maximum valuation ratio for consolidation in this village was fixed at 2:1 while in reality it could have been as high as 100:1.\"A 44-feet-wide road was proposed to be constructed from Gurgaon-Faridabad main road to Damdama lake in the village. Any non-forest land abutting this road would have huge market value as compared to the forest land and mining areas,\" he added.Cancelling the consolidation process, Khemka wrote, \"Some portion of this land was mined for stone, ordinary sand and silica sand prior to 2002. There were 50-60-feet-deep mining pits in certain pockets. Out of 5,744 acres, 4,798 acres were conserved as per different notifications under Punjab Land Preservation Act. In addition, some areas were also conserved as forest under the greening of Aravallis scheme. Thus, an estimated 85-90% of the total area under consolidation was conserved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16897471", "title": "WHO study in Kerala finds TB, diabetes fuelling each other", "text": "NEW DELHI: A World Health Organization (WHO) study from Kerala has sent out a serious warning to the rest of India, which is home to over 60 million diabetics.Nearly half of patients suffering from the deadly air-borne disease tuberculosis (TB) in Kerala have been found to be diabetic, with approximately half of them newly-diagnosed during the survey, showing the acute lack of awareness.Among 552 TB patients screened, 243 (44%) had diabetes \u2014 128 (23%) previously-known diabetics and 115 (21%) newly-diagnosed \u2014 with higher prevalence among males and those above 50 years.Of the 128 TB patients with previously-known diabetes, 107 (84%) had HbA1c \u2014 more than 7% indicating poor glycemic control.Dr Anoop Misra, chairman Fortis Centre for Diabetes, Metabolic Diseases and Endocrinology, said, \"India should routinely start screening diabetics for TB and TB patients for high blood sugar. It is important for countries like India where numbers of both the diseases are enormous, with TB and diabetes fuelling each other. It is important to look for both these diseases and aggressively treat them.\"The WHO in its World TB Report, 2012, said people with a weak immune system, as a result of chronic diseases such as diabetes, are at a higher risk of progressing from latent to active TB.One in three persons in the world is infected with latent TB. People infected with latent TB have a life-long risk of developing and falling sick with active TB.According to WHO, people with diabetes have a two-three times higher risk of TB compared to diabetics.About 10% of TB cases globally are linked to diabetes. The global health watchdog has recommended that all TB patients should be screened for diabetes.\"Screening for TB in people with diabetes should be considered, particularly in settings with high TB prevalence. People with diabetes who are diagnosed with TB have a higher risk of death during TB treatment and of TB relapse after treatment. WHO-recommended treatments should be rigorously implemented for people with TB/diabetes. Diabetes is complicated by the presence of infectious diseases, including TB,\" WHO said.\"A large proportion of people with diabetes as well as TB is not diagnosed, or is diagnosed too late. Early detection can help improve care and control of both,\" it added.WHO has asked countries to set up a means of coordinating diabetes and TB activities, conduct surveillance of TB disease prevalence among people with diabetes in medium and high-TB burden settings, besides surveillance of diabetes prevalence in TB patients in all countries. Countries have also been asked to screen TB patients for diabetes and ensure high-quality diabetes management among TB patients. The Kerala study says that while diabetes is a known risk factor for TB, the prevalence among TB patients in India is unknown.At present globally, more than 9 million people fall sick with TB every year while over 1.5 million die from it. On the other hand, 350 million people have diabetes with over 80% of diabetes deaths occurring in low and middle-income countries. It is predicted that global diabetes prevalence will increase by 50% by 2030.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901204", "title": "Marilyn Monroe snubbed by Hollywood 50 yrs after death", "text": "Marilyn Monroe , who's 26ft high bronze and stainless steel statue is drawing thousands of fans to the nearby resort of Palm Springs, has been turned down by Hollywood 50 years after her death.Hollywood authorities felt the 48,000-pound fee for renting the 15-ton sculpture for one year would not attract enough tourists to be \"cost effective\".Now 34 other US cities are vying to hire the towering tribute to the screen icon, based on her dress-billowing pose from the 1955 film 'The Seven Year Itch'.\"Hollywood's loss is the rest of America's gain. People are lining up to have their photos taken with the statue,\" the Daily Express quoted Palm Springs tourism chief Hillary Angel as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16897998", "title": "Girl succumbs, boy battling for life in hospital", "text": "INDORE: The girl who had met with an accident on Friday succumbed to injuries while the boy is still battling for life in the hospital. Both were seriously injured in a road accident when a four-wheeler coming from wrong side, hit them and escaped from the scene.The girl Vibha Sharma, 15, died in Suyash hospital on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday while Sunil Sharma, 13 is still in the hospital in serious condition, informed Dilip Gangrade, in-charge of MG Road police station.Vibha is a student of standard 9{+t}{+h} while Sunil is in 8{+t}{+h} standard. They were going to attend a coaching class in the morning.As per police, the children were rushed to MY Hospital after the accident and later shifted to Suyash Hospital due to their serious condition.On Friday morning, a four wheeler hit these two children who were going to attend coaching class at Jail road. Police said that the incident took place at 7.30 am in Dollar Market. Children of Shradhanand Ashram were going to attend coaching class when a Pajero UP84 0007 came rapidly and hit a girl and a boy.After hitting them, the driver fled from the scene with the vehicle. The children were rushed to MY Hospital where their situation is still said to be critical.Police have booked the accused under relevant sections of IPC. However, the accused is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16896949", "title": "'A joy to act together'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Playing 'Dasharatha' in Ramleela as his son recreates 'Rama' on stage is a double delight for Sham Sunder Sharma. \"I am very comfortable with him and it is a joy to act together,\" he said.For Jyoti , also the assistant director of the Ramleela, the nerves he used to feel while going on stage has given way to confidence. \"There are 40 artists and 25 technical staff in our Ramleela. I do not get time to rehearse because assistant director's job entails a lot of responsibility. So, I practice my dialogues at home,\" said Jyoti, who is a sales manager in a pharmaceutical company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16898030", "title": "Three killed, 35 injured in Salkanpur temple stampede", "text": "BHOPAL: Three women including a teenaged girl were killed and 35 others were injured - 13 of them seriously - in a stampede early morning hours on Saturday at the famous Vijayasan Devi temple at Salkanpur in the neighbouring Sehore district.About 4 lakh devotees had flocked the temple for puja in connection with Navratra festival. The deceased have been identified as Bhuria Bai (35), Rani Bai (15) - both resident of Hoshangabad and Yashoda.Among the injured, six persons were admitted to a hospital in Bhopal , 10 in Hoshangabad and the others in Rehti government hospital of Sehore district.\"An old man stumbled upon the steps of the temple and another fell on him resulting in panic and the unfortunate incident,\" Sehore collector Kavindra Kiyawat told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "tawang", "code": "16897112", "title": "'War hero' still haunted by 1962 memories", "text": "TAWANG: Even after 50 years, the memories of the 1962 Sino-Indian conflict are still fresh in the mind of septuagenarian Kumar Singh Gurung. Gurung, who was only 21 years old when he joined the Assam Rifles as a sepoy and was posted in Bumla during the war, could not hold back his tears when he paid his respects to the martyrs of the war during the 'Shahid Shraddhanjali Yatra' here.Gurung, who was fighting the Chinese forces, before his bunker was captured by the enemies, still believes that the Indian Army could have defeated the Chinese if the government provided better facilities.\"I was shooting at them with my machine gun. But soon we went out of our ammunition. We had no bullets, neither food nor water to drink. We were helpless. We could hardly know what was happening in Delhi and what Nehru was discussing about the war. All we knew was that the Chinese forces in front of us were showering bullets on us and killing our friends,\" Gurung recalled.Along with Gurung, several others were arrested by the Chinese and were taken to Lhasa during the war.\"The Chinese had held me and my friends captive for nine months. We thought we will be killed, but later after discussions and deliberations, they handed us over to India. But I can never forget those days. The memories still haunt me,\" the septuagenarian said.The war veteran is still very critical about the Centre's approach in improving the transportation and road connectivity to the bordering posts of Indian Army in Arunachal Pradesh-China border and it has been a major concern for the forces since then.\"The roads to Bumla and other posts in Arunachal Pradesh are still pathetic. If China attacks us today, it is going to be very difficult for us to carry out speedy movement. We don't want repetition of the 1962 conflict, but the government must be ready and act accordingly,\" he added.Bumla is located 37 kms away from Tawang and is also referred to as the pass from where the Dalai Lama entered Indian after escaping from Tibet. The snow-covered area of Bumla is located only 300 meters away from the line of control and is at an altitude of 16,000 ft above sea level.Gurung was felicitated as a 'war hero' by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari during the 'Shahid Shraddhanjali Yatra' organized by BJP Yuva Morcha. He retired from the force as a hawaldar and is presently living with his family in Tezpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16897093", "title": "Exclusive walkways planned in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city corporation is planning to include exclusive pedestrian walkways in the master plan. \"We are considering a proposal to link the pocket roads in the corporation limit with the major roads to ease traffic congestion,\" said mayor A K Premajam.\"Pedestrian pathways will be planned parallel to footpaths or on the sides of roads, so that people can make use of them for morning and evening walk. It will also help to decrease dependency on vehicles and provide better connectivity to various locations in the city,\" said the mayor.Kozhikode is desperately in need of exclusive pedestrian walkways that would help the health-conscious denizens to have a peaceful stroll in the morning and evening. Of late, there is a spurt in the number of people going for a walk.The dearth of walkways has compelled them to make use of available space on the sides of roads. At present the city has only two walkways; one at Erahnipalam to Baby Memorial Hospital junction and the other inside the Mananchira square.\"The civic body has already taken a resolution to revise the existing town planning scheme. The pedestrian pathways are planned under the new scheme in the master plan,\" said regional town planner G Sasikumar.Meanwhile, the irrigation department is also planning to construct a pathway on the right side of the Cannoli canal and has already submitted a proposal for a six km pathway on the right side of the canal from Kallai to Kalipoyka near Sarovaram.\"The project worth Rs 3 crore is waiting for the approval of the government,\" said an official working with irrigation department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16900379", "title": "First human ancestor 'looked like a squirrel'", "text": "WASHINGTON: First human ancestor - a primitive tiny animal - looked like a squirrel, a new study has claimed.Newly discovered fossilised bones for the world's oldest and most primitive known primate, Purgatorius, reveal a tiny, agile animal that spent much of its time eating fruit and climbing trees.The fossils are the first known below-the-head bones for Purgatorius and previously, only teeth revealed its existence.\"The ankle bones show that it had a mobile ankle joint like primates today that live in trees,\" co-author Stephen Chester, a Yale University vertebrate paleontologist, told the Discovery News.\"This mobility would have allowed for rotating the foot in different directions as it adjusted to different angles presented by tree trunks and branches,\" Chester said.\"It also shows that the first primates did not have elongate ankles that you see in many living primates today that are thought to be related to leaping behaviours,\" added Chester.He conducted the study with colleagues Jonathan Bloch of the Florida Museum of Natural History and William Clemens, a professor emeritus at the University of California.Researchers believe that the specialised ankle bones of Purgatorius played a key role in the evolutionary success of early primates.\"These new fossils support the idea that the first 10 million years of primate evolution happened in the context of an intense period of similar diversification in flowering plants, including the ability to climb in branches and collect fruits and other products of the trees at the very beginning,\" Bloch said.While many questions remain unanswered about Purgatorius, this and other studies are shedding more light on the animal.Purgatorius lived during the Paleocene, shortly after the extinction of non-avian dinosaurs. Given the end of the Age of Dinosaurs, the new era began the mammal-dominated era.This mammal is generally believed to have been small and brown, and had a bushy tail.Purgatorius weighed about 1.3 ounces, making it roughly the size of the smallest living primates: the mouse lemurs of Madagascar, researchers said.The mammal had a lot of teeth, including relatively low-crowned molars, which were specialised for eating fruit, although it probably ate other things too.Tree living served this and other primates well, such that all but a few existing species remain at least partly arboreal. Humans are part of the rare exceptions, since our more recent ancestors left the trees some 60 million years after Purgatorius' lifetime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16896039", "title": "Gandhinagar mayor praises Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an open letter to Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) chief Arjun Modhwadia, Gandhinagar mayor Mahendrasinh Rana has praised chief minister Narendra Modi and called him the only 'true man of development'.This is the second letter of Rana within a fortnight. He had earlier criticized the GPCC and said that more preference should be given to local candidates and people should not be imported in Gandhinagar district to contest elections.In the letter written on Saturday, he has threatened to quit the party if the party did not respect his sentiments over the allotment of ticket. There is all likelihood that Rana along with six corporators will quit the Congress and join the BJP. This would give the BJP a majority in the 33-member corporation. The BJP currently has 15 while the Congress has 18 corporators. The mayor, however, was not available for his comments. \"We are taking this letter very seriously.Senior party leaders are in contact with Rana and the issue has been sorted out,\" said a party office-bearer. Rana, according top party sources has objections against the Congress fielding Baldev Thakore from Kalol, Narhari Amin from Gandhinagar South and Indravijaysinh Gohil from Gandhinagar City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896131", "title": "Jobless man hangs himself", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old man committed suicide at his Nagpada residence on Saturday, depressed over being unemployed. Mohammad Fayyaz Shaikh hanged himself from the loft of his house, the police said.Shaikh was found hanging when his parents returned home with his sister from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus. Shaikh's father was a taxi driver and the sole bread-winner. The family hailed from Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16897907", "title": "CPI\u2019s five-day protest concludes", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: The UDF government in Kerala is creating a communal polarization in the society, CPI central secretariat member D Raja said here on Saturday.Some acts of the government had triggered communalism in the state, Raja said while inaugurating the concluding rally of the CPI's five-day maha satyagraha.Raja said the policies of the union and state governments have made life miserable for the people of Kerala. \"Manmohan Singh government is a total failure. Social insecurity and unemployment have become the order of the day. Agitations against the government are gaining strength across the country,\" he said.CPI state secretary Pannayn Raveendran, who led the sit-in protest, said the fight against corruption and price rise would be intensified in the coming days. He said the CPI's satyagraha provided a joint platform for all left parties to take forward the protest against the government.The satyagraha, inaugurated by CPI general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy, could help a lot in bridging the gap between the CPI and CPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16900745", "title": "Is \u2019full figure\u2019 an insult or a compliment?", "text": "Her glamorous role in Mad Men apart, Hollywood star Christina Hendricks is famous for her curvaceous body. A red carpet favourite, she has often spoken about Hollywood's obsession and stereotypical view of voluptuous women.Recently, during an interview, when an Australian reporter referred to Christina as \"full-figured\", the red-haired beauty was livid, and commented that the term was \"rude\". We ask people in the business of glamour and sports what they think \u2014 is the term flattering for a woman or just a euphemism for being overweight?FOR\"When I think of full-figured women, the one name that instantly comes to mind is of Italian actress Sophia Loren , who has been one of the hottest women in the world. So if someone called me a full-figured woman, I'd be thrilled and take it as a compliment!\" \u2014 Lillete Dubey, actress\"Before the whole 'size-zero' obsession became a vogue , it was only curvy women who were considered beautiful. I firmly believe that calling an Indian woman full-figured is a compliment. She should take it in a positive way.\" \u2014 Vijay Kumar , shooter, Olympic medallist\"I think being curvy is extremely sexy, especially since I fit into that category! Women who are called full-figured should be happy because it simply means that they are gorgeous. One should never think of it as an insult.\" \u2014 Neha Dhupia , actressAGAINST\"After being around women for years, I've realised one thing \u2014 never comment on their shape and size! Women are touchy about their weight. 'Full-figured' is not a compliment at all. And the notion that Indian men prefer full-figured women is wrong. They love all kinds of women.\" \u2014 Vir Das , comedian\"It's definitely not flattering. The phrase makes one feel large and plus-sized, as opposed to words like 'curvaceous' and 'voluptuous', which are more complimentary. Also, when you call someone full-figured, it doesn't make her feel sexy at all!\" \u2014 Sophie Choudry, singer\"It's one thing to describe a woman's body as 'hourglass', but calling her full-figured is definitely an insult. Since most women follow the trend 'Thin is in', calling them something that denotes being plump, is not flattering.\" \u2014 Alyque Padamsee, social commentatorpurvaja.sawant@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897194", "title": "A look at the Test hopefuls for different slots of Team India", "text": "A new season is set to begin and with it begins a challenging term of the new selection committee chaired by Sandeep Patil.The England series will be the first big test for the wise men and with the retirement of a few legendary cricketers, and the indifferent form of key batsmen presents a tough challenge to the new selectors as they aspire to bring Indian cricket back on track.TOI looks at the hopefuls for different slots as India play eight Tests against high-quality opposition.OpenersAfter a lengthy period of playing musical chairs, India found a reliable pair in Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir . However, the form of both batsmen over the last 18 months, has been poor to say the least.Ajinkya Rahane: He has been India's reserve opener for the last one year. Though he has batted at No.3 for Mumbai and West Zone, opening isn't new for Rahane. He showed it in Irani Trophy this year scoring a composed 81. With an impressive first class record, Rahane is still waiting for his Test debut.Murali Vijay: Not so long ago, Vijay was an integral part of the Indian Test squad. In West Indies though, it call came unstuck. The TN batsman struggled against Fidel Edwards &amp; Co. Recalled for the Irani Trophy, he smashed a record-breaking 266. That confidence was carried into the Challenger Trophy as he belted 155 and 93. He remains a good bet for Indian conditions.Abhinav Mukund: Another domestic run machine who failed to get going against good bowling line-ups. He struggled in the unofficial Test series in West Indies, but he got another opportunity in New Zealand where he scored a ton in a high-scoring game. But he failed to impress against a quality East Zone bowling attack in the Duleep Trophy.Shikhar Dhawan: Dhawan has been scoring consistently in domestic cricket and on 'A' tours. His rare failure came in the unofficial Test series in West Indies and he was subsequently dropped. However, he bounced back with an excellent performance in the Challenger Trophy and followed it up with a couple of hundreds in the Duleep Trophy. In his last seven innings, Dhawan has scored three fifties and three hundreds.Middle OrderThe retirements of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman and the scratchy form of Sachin Tendulkar translates into vacancies in the middle order. Virat Kohli and Cheteshwar Pujara have locked in two slots. The No. 6 slot is up for grabs though.Yuvraj Singh: There was a lot of talk around Yuvraj Singh's fitness after he made a comeback for the World T20. Yuvraj dismissed those fears with a strokeful 208 against Central Zone in the Duleep Trophy. With his bowling coming of age, Yuvraj can be a useful player at No. 6. A couple of Ranji matches before the first Test will help Yuvraj strengthen his case for a Test recall.Suresh Raina: The Uttar Pradesh batsman returned to the Test squad for the New Zealand series after nearly a year. He had an opportunity to cement his place in the side, but he managed to score only one fifty in three innings and threw away his wicket in two of them. Will the selectors be generous to hand him a slot?S Badrinath: The perennial bench-warmer, Badrinath has been scoring runs by tons for years now but has played just two Tests. After Laxman's sudden retirement, he was recalled again, but his spot went to Raina. He scored 55 in the Irani Trophy, but couldn't do much in the Challengers. Deserves a run of atleast five Tests.Rohit Sharma: Hasn't done justice to his talent and inconsistent and myopic selection haven't helped his cause. Sharma hasn't been in good form for the last 10 months or so and didn't have a good time with a side in West Indies barring a 94 in the first Test. Time is running out for him.PacersIndia have produced talented pacers in the last seven or eight years, but poor planning and workload management have led to their downfall. While the trio of Zaheer Khan , Umesh Yadav and Ishant Sharma will be instrumental, there are others who deserve a look in.Ashok Dinda: The Bengal pacer was the highest wicket-taker last season. He played a crucial role in East Zone's historic maiden Duleep Trophy win. Nothing has changed in the last six months and the way he ran through the South Zone batting in the semifinal shows he is in red-hot form.Parvinder Awana: Effective performances for Kings XI, in the IPL put him in the spotlight. The 26-year-old hasn't done too badly at the domestic level and troubled many established batsmen with his accuracy, pace and movement.Shami Ahmad: The Bengal pacer formed a good pair with Dinda and helped East Zone win the Duleep Trophy. In West Indies, he picked up 13 wickets for India A at 18.84 and was India's highest wicket-taker. Did well in New Zealand too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16897970", "title": "Kerala CM to chair all-party meet tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: The state government has decided to convene an all-party meeting on Monday to reach a consensus on shifting the garbage from the city to the quarries situated in the suburban areas of the district. Chief minster Oommen Chandy will chair the meeting.The meeting has been convened following the stiff resistance the corporation had to face from the local residents while inspecting the quarry site at Kalladichavila, near Chengottukonam. People, including children and women, had blocked the road preventing the officials from reaching the spot.But the government had decided to continue with their efforts to shift the garbage to the quarries by taking the people of the area into confidence. As part of this the government has decided to call all the people's representatives of the area where the quarries are situated for talk.Following the people's protest, the CM convened a high-level meeting to monitor the situation. In the meeting it was decided to convince the people that there would not be any health hazard and there would not be any harm for the ground water in the locality. All steps would be taken to ensure adequate safety. \"The government will ensure that there is no ecological damage to the area where the quarries are located,\" said urban affairs minister Manjilamkuzhi Ali. A sanitary landfill will be done once in three months and one quarry will not be used on a permanent basis.Ali had convened a consultation meeting with the scientists and technical experts recently and decided to take up the project as an interim solution to shift the waste from Chalai, the proposed site for setting up a modern waste treatment plant.Ali said the government would ensure safeguards to minimize the environmental impact and prevent pollution from the quarries. He said the site selection and engineering work would be done carefully under the strict supervision of Suchitwa Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16897535", "title": "RTA to take a call on bus fare hike in Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada regional transport authority on Saturday reserved its orders on a plea by bus operators seeking a 15% hike in fares in the wake of an increase in various operational costs, including diesel. Having heard the operators and commuters, DC NS Channappa Gowda, who is also RTA chairman, said the authority will take a call on their demand.Bus operators in neighbouring Udupi had on Thursday made a similar plea before the RTA there. Given that there is a strong connect between the transport systems of the two districts, the administration here is likely to await the decision by the Udupi RTA and also take a look at how other RTAs have responded to pleas by bus operators on the revision of fares.With the district administration permitting Mangalore division of KSRTC to operate seven buses on as many routes since August 21, commuters who presented their views at the public hearing demanded introduction of more KSRTC city services. Hanumanth Kamath of Nagarika Hitharakshana Samiti said it was high time the monopoly of private bus operators in the coastal districts ends and they are exposed to competition.K Prabhakar and N Ismail from Someshwar, and Sadanand from Neerumarga pointed to the pathetic condition in which commuters travel during peak hours said reluctance of private bus operators to ply on non-profitable routes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16898003", "title": "Police claim headway in Rewa royal theft", "text": "INDORE: Three day after theft at Royal Museum of Rewa in which a dozen of antiques worth Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 crore were stolen, police claimed to have made headway in the case with recovery of important documents and stamp papers on Saturday.Stamp papers having forged signatures of the late Maharaja, registry papers of the royal family's properties located across the country, bogus stamp papers of sale deeds and donation of antiques items, documents relating to the recent theft were shown to the members of the royal family for verification and to find some threads in the theft case.Police claimed that the investigations were heading the right direction and they may crack the case soon.Sources close to the developments said that the documents are dated 1930's and 1940's and to give them an authentic look, some of them have been made on old papers.Head of the royal family Pushpraj Singh said, \"I have seen some of the documents and they are frightening and dangerous in nature for my family. All these recovered documents have strong links with the items stolen from the royal museum off late.\" He added that various activities against the royal family are going on in a long span of time and the latest development will help bring things to light.Singh said that none of the items stolen from the museum have been recovered but police investigations are going on satisfactorily. He said that recent theft was first in the last 15 years, but before that several thefts had taken place in the museum and palace and several items have been taken away.The theft took place on October 17. The items stolen were about 400-800 years old. They included three large silver lamps, a gold lamp, a silver letterbox, a silver 'chhatra' weighing 40 kg and dating back to the 13th century, a 25 kg silver necklace, two tusks, five silver chairs and a table. These cost around Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 crore.Singh said that loss from the theft was more than monetary. \"It is a blow to 450 years old heritage of Rewa. My loss is divided into two parts: One, things stolen belonged to my ancestors and have emotional value for the family. Second, the items were symbol of history and cultural heritage of the region,\" he said.A guard of the museum was killed during the theft. \"He was with me since my childhood days and was closely associated with my family. The theft will also affect the upcoming Dusshara celebrations as the silver chhatri that was stolen, was a prime attraction of the celebrations. Celebrations will be there but the usual pomposity may not be there,\" Singh added.A heritage lost:1. Pen pistol of Maharaja Gulab Singh who had had it specially made to use in British Durbar to challenge their authority2. A 40 kg silver 'Chatri' that adorned the Royal Throne of the Baghela dynasty. No ruler of the dynasty ever sat on the throne. Instead an idol of lord Rajadhiraj, a form of Vishnu, is placed on the throne and a grand puja is performed during Dusserha festival3. Two pistols kept near the pen pistol4. Clothes of Maharaja Vishwanath Singh (a great poet and diplomat of his era) made from gold and silver threads5. A hookah made from silver6. A silver-plated garland that adorned the elephants of the royal family7. A letter box made entirely from silver8. Two silver and gold-plated lamps9. Arm-rest of a silver chair10. Three flags having silver threads and work(The list is incomplete as search is still under way at the museum to find out the actual number of items stolen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16901055", "title": "Engineered organs may soon be reality", "text": "A new research has shed light on the mechanics of cell, tissue and organ formation.It revealed basic mechanisms about how a group of bacterial cells can form large three-dimensional structures.Systems biologists teamed up with mechanical engineers from the University of Texas at Dallas to conduct the cell research that provides information that may one day be used to engineer organs.\"If you want to create an organism, the geometry of how a group of cells self-organizes is crucial. We found that cell death leads to wrinkles, and the stiffer the cell the fewer wrinkles,\" said Dr. Hongbing Lu, professor of mechanical engineering and holder of the Louis Beecherl Jr. Chair at UT Dallas and an author of the study.Organ formation is the result of individual cells teaming with others. The aggregate of the cells and their environment form a thin layer of what is known as a biofilm. These biofilms form 3-D wrinkled patterns.Senior author Dr. Gurol Suel, now at the University of California , San Diego , and his colleagues noticed dead cells under the wrinkle pattern. They teamed with Lu to discover what came first - the cells' death or the wrinkling. Lu is an expert in nanomechanics - measuring forces on small objects.They found that groups of cells dying together within the biofilm resulted in the formation of wrinkles. They also found that the stiffness of the biofilm affected the formation of wrinkles. This is significant because it lays the foundation for the first theory about building a structure in tissues and organs, taking both the biological and mechanical forces into consideration.\"There are ways to control whether a biofilm is soft or stiff, and then you control the wrinkling and the ultimate structure the cells become,\" Lu said.Researchers then controlled the location where cells died and were able to create artificial wrinkle patterns, verifying their findings.All of the research was done on bacteria known as Bacillus subtilis.\"Bacillus subtilis has many aspects that are similar to other cells. If we understand how this process works in bacteria, it can open up the door to higher levels of life,\" Lu said.The next step, Lu said, is to create more organized 3D structures using higher forms of life.Yingjie Du, a doctoral student and Dr. Zhenxing Hu, a postdoctoral research associate in the Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science at UT Dallas were part of the engineering team that contributed to this research. Researchers from UT Southwestern Medical Center, and Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, both in Spain, also contributed.The research was published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16898040", "title": "Economics festival at Kerala University", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A walk-in interview will be held to appoint lecturers on contract basis in the philosophy department of the Kerala University. The interview will be held at the office of the pro-vice-chancellor at the senate house campus at 9am on October 22.The candidates should have a postgraduate degree with a minimum of 55% marks and the age should not exceed 40 years as on January 1, 2012. Those selected will get a monthly salary of Rs 17,000. Further details are available in the website www.keralauniversity.ac.in.An economics festival will be organized by the economics department of the Kerala University on November 16. Quiz, debate, essay writing and personality tests will be held as part of the competition. The festival will be inaugurated by former DGP Jacob Punnoose. Those interested should contact: 9495629580, 9846184755 or 9495548465. Applications invited: Applications have been invited for the post of data entry operator on daily wages basis at the university. The applicant should have a degree from a recognized university and should have completed a computer course of at least six months from a government-recognized organization. Candidates'Age should not exceed 36 years as on October 1, 2012.The application forms will be available at the form section of the university and filled in applications will be received till November 5. Viva: The viva for the final year distance MSc Mathematics will be held from November 12 to 22 at the senate house campus of the university at Palayam. The students should appear with the hall ticket and a copy of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16897029", "title": "Encroachments removed from Ghantaghar area", "text": "KANPUR: In a bid to facilitate free movement of people and traffic at the busy Ghantaghar Chauraha where encroachments abound, the anti-enforcement wing of the Kanpur Municipal Corporation carried out a massive anti-encroachment drive on Saturday.The KMC squad razed several illegal structures during the drive and warned the locals to not to encroach upon the space again.The anti-encroachment drive was lead by head of KMC enforcement wing C P Shukla. Senior KMC officials, including KMC (PRO) Rajiv Shukla, were present. The anti-encroachment squad was also accompanied by police force to avoid any fight and Hurdles during the course of drive.As per the information provided by the KMC squad, nearly 40 illegal structures were razed by the JCB machine during the drive. These structures include shanty shops, extended platforms, tin and bamboo sheds and tea-stalls located in the vicinity of Ghantaghar.Apart from these permanent and temporary structures, the KMC squad also gave a tough lesson to the makeshift structure owners near the crossing who pose a big hurdle in the smooth commuting.It is important to mention that the KMC has already declared Ghantaghar as a \"no-makeshift structure zone\" last month. But even after this declaration, several makeshift structures can be seen at Ghantaghar.\"We were getting regular complaints of encroachment at the Ghantaghar. People were getting hardly any space to move around,\" said the KMC PRO .He added that removing encroachments will not be possible with just one drive. Hence the KMC will continue conducting such anti-encroachment drives till the roads are cleared of any encroachment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16896925", "title": "Khalsa hold Ave Maria in Mumbai Hockey Association league", "text": "MUMBAI: Khalsa and Ave Maria SC shared the spoils as they played out a 2-2 draw in a well-contested second division match of the Mumbai Hockey Association on Saturday.Results Div-IV: Hugh Fernandes Academy 2 ( Tanuj Rathod, Kunal Saurabh) drew with Bombay Republicans 2 (Jitan Koli, Prince Chowrasia).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16896676", "title": "Infant drowns in washtub", "text": "PUNE: A one-year-old girl died after drowning in a washtub, a plastic container usually used to soak clothes, in the Yamunanagar area in Pimpri-Chinchwad on Friday morning.The deceased has been identified as Vani Mitesh Kumar, daughter of an IT employee working in Hinjewadi.Vani was having a bath with her mother when the incident took place around 11 am.Senior inspector Nitin Bhosale-Patil, in charge of the Nigdi police station, said, \"After having bath, Vani's mother dried herself and Vani. As the mother was busy, the child went back to the bathroom and started playing with the water in the tub. She lost her balance and fell in the water.\"Bhosale-Patil said, \"The incident came to light when Vani's mother noticed that Vani was not around.She looked for her and found her lying in the tub filled with water. She rushed Vani to a nearby private hospital.\"The doctors try to revive her, but all attempts proved futile, and she was declared dead.The doctor, performing post-mortem on Vani, has certified the cause of her death to be drowning, Bhosale-Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16897634", "title": "What steps should be taken to counter the spate of crimes in Goa?", "text": "To counter the spate of crimes in Goa we need to have a police force which should be well-trained and well-equipped with sophisticated systems to ensure prevention and detection of crimes. Our courts should also function effectively for proper prosecution of criminals. People too should be on the alert, and should come forward to help the police by providing information to nab criminals. The problem is that there is no fear of police and the law. With poor police functioning and political interference criminals think they can go scot free.Anand Naik Banker, MayemTo prevent crime, Goa police must make their presence felt in towns and villages by intensifying both day and night patrolling. They must also be well-trained and equipped to solve crimes. Since it has been noticed that many heinous crimes are committed by people coming from outside the state, a close watch should be kept on persons staying here for more then a few days. Those providing rental accommodation and also those renting out bikes and cars should keep a close watch on such persons and provide information to police. People in general should also be on the alert for any suspicious activities and should accordingly inform the police.Yulette Coutinho Lawyer, PanajiIn my opinion, apart from the regular police force, there should be a special team of policemen who are trained specifically in tasks that could benefit in solving crimes, like face reading, smart interrogation, etc. They could be given independent charge and should not be assigned other jobs like guarding, inspecting, etc. They should be provided with intensive training and required equipment by the government for better and effective policing in Goa.Mohandas Kamat Businessman, MargaoTo counter the increasing rate of crime, modern technology and sophisticated equipment needs to be made use of urgently. A modern forensic laboratory should be established and better coordination at the national level is necessary to catch criminals immediately. In large cities, CCTVs have been installed which have resulted in reducing the crime rate. Such equipment should be installed at major bus stands, bus stops, railway stations and commercial areas to catch criminals. Besides this, steps should also be taken to control increasing cyber crimes.Rajendra Kakodkar Corporate Management Consultant, Curchorem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16897443", "title": "Srirangapatna keeps Dasara tradition alive", "text": "MANDYA: Srirangapatna came alive on Saturday with its Dasara festivities. Abhimanyu, a 46-year-old tusker carried the idol of goddess Chamundeshwari placed in a richly-carved mantap in. The century-old 'Dasara festivities' used to be held in the temple town Srirangapatna until it was shifted to Mysore.Female elephants Kanti and Chaitra accompanied Abhimanyu all along the procession. The Dasara procession was inaugurated by Rajya Sabha member and theatre artiste B Jayashree at Bannimantap after offering puja to goddess Chamundeswari passed through the Mysore-Bangalore highway before it entered town. It culminated at Sri Ranganatha temple's ground.The procession showcased the rich and diverse folk arts of the state.Srirangapatna's lossAccording to Hindu archives, the kings of Vijayanagar (1336 A.D to 1565 A.D) used to celebrate Dasara as Naada Habba. After the fall of the Vijayanagar dynasty, Raja Wodeyar, viceroy to Vijayanagar king, ruling Mysore provincial state, reintroduced this festival in Srirangapatna in 1610.However, when Mysore kingdom was handed over by the British to Krishnaraja Wodeyar III in 1799, after the fall of Tipu Sultan, the capital was shifted to Mysore. Dasara festivities were also shifted to Mysore. Thereafter, Srirangapatna lost its traditional richness though it was the town where Dasara was first introduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16899564", "title": "Indian Navy conducted 2 day event to create awareness on undersea resources", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Navy had organized two day annual conference of the Marine Medical Society of India from October 20 to 21. The conference, which is being attended by an international faculty, including specialists from United States Navy , will be inaugurated by the Vice Admiral Shekhar Sinha, Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Western Naval Command. Dr Carl Edmonds will deliver the key note address.Defence officials said that the 28th annual conference of the Marine Medical Society of India is being held at INHS Asvini, the tertiary care medical institute of the Indian Navy.During the inaugural, the officials said in this era of increasing awareness and exploitation of undersea resources and widening strategic ramifications of our oceans, challenges in Marine Medicine assume great contemporary relevance. The conference, under the current president, Surgeon Vice Admiral AC Anand, will delve into various aspects of Underwater, Surface Navy and Naval Aviation perspectives and define thrust areas for research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16897587", "title": "Gas mess: Govt urged to plan ahead for Oct-Dec period", "text": "PANAJI: With the tourism season having already commenced and the International Film Festival of India (Iffi) and a series of festivals looming ahead, consumer activists have raised a concern over the availability of LPG for the 15 lakh population amidst the swelling demand from the commercial sector.October-December is a boom time for hotels, bars and restaurants and shacks and a sizeable chunk of the annual 26 lakh tourists arrive at the fag end of the year.\"The availability of fuel for cooking remains a serious issue and authorities should prepare a roadmap for the next three months,\" said Roland Martins, coordinator at the Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN).The NGO has petitioned the North Goa and South Goa district collectors to convene an urgent meeting with the state-level coordinator (SLC), petroleum companies, dealers' association, consumer organizations, civil supplies, legal metrology, taluka mamlatdars and the police to discuss the issues as domestic consumers could face hardships due to a restriction in the supply of LPG cylinders to six per household.North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan said, \"With this prescribed cap on domestic supply and availability of cylinders for a higher rate in the open market, people may get involved in cheating and this may increase scope for those who pay higher sums to corner the supply.\"Vardhan said a meeting is being planned to bring various parties across the table to consider ways to resolve the issue.The hotel and restaurants' association also felt that the supply should be streamlined to ensure regular supply to consumers. \"Smaller restaurants should switch to commercial gas, but as the refills are costlier, the government should offer a subsidy to them,\" said president, Hotel and Restaurants' Association of Goa Gaurish Dhond.He said small restaurants have a lower tariff and can't be put on par with higher- rated hotels and eateries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "16898291", "title": "Farmer fury: Bank staff held hostage, maze crop set afire in separate incidents", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Turbulence among farmers in the state over their fiscal condition and mounting farming concerns led to a seed store being set afire in protest against genetically modified seeds. In another incident, a bank employee, who went to a village to recover farm loans, was taken hostage by the farmers.A team of officials from the land mortgage cell of a bank had reached Hamidpur village to recover a loan of Rs 2 lakh from farmers Mal Singh and Balkar Singh. The team members had informed that the farmers' property would be taken over by the bank if the loan amount was not repaid.This inflamed the farmers who took the bank officials hostage. Manager Hari Ram Malim, assistant manager Jagdish, field officers Ajay Kumar, Krishan Kumar and Nirmal Singh were taken hostage by the farmers, who alleged that the bank officials were \"harassing them unnecessarily.\"On receiving information, land mortgage bank registrar T S Chatha, along with SHO, Babain police station, Sunil Kumar, reached the spot and pacified the farmers. The hostages were released later and no police complaint was given from the bank in this regard after the matter was resolved \"amicably.\"In another incident on Friday evening, farmers led by Gurnam Singh Chadhuni, BKU state president, set the maze crop afire at a centre run by Chaudhari Charan Singh Agriculture University, Hisar. BKU had been protesting against promotion of foreign seeds of maze by the centre at the cost of local produce.\"We waited for a long time hoping that authorities would lend us an ear. We were forced to take this step as no one listened to us,\" Gurnam Singh said.No police complaint was given by the authorities in this incident as well. Rajneesh Yadav, SHO, Shahabad police station, said, \"No case was registered in the matter as we did not receive any complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16895664", "title": "Now, check noise level with new app", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens concerned over the deafening noise levels during Navratri celebrations can now measure the decibel levels for themselves.Sumaira Abdulali, convener of Awaaz Foundation, said a decibel meter app is available for free and can be downloaded on iPhones, iPads and Android-enabled phones.They can use this to measure the noise levels and report it to the police control room on 100 as well as Awaaz Foundation at sumairaabdulali@yahoo.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16896593", "title": "Bid to keep Ganga clean", "text": "KOLKATA: Government agencies, along with Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC), are gearing up to see that the Ganga remains clean during the Pujas, especially during immersion.All the municipalities in the Kolkata Metropolitan Area are being made responsible for their part of the river bank. They will be looking to recycle much of the waste.There will be specific points on the river banks where bins will be placed for puja waste. The immersion ghats could be fenced off this time to stop the pollution from spreading downriver, say sources.The PCB had distributed 1,200 litres of lead-free paint to artisans in the run-up to the Pujas. Now, 105 pandals are vying for the PCB green award. The pandal that has the most eco-friendly theme and adheres to PCB rules will win the top honours. Mobile air quality measuring machine will tour the city to keep tabs on pollution.The West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) and KMC officials had held a meeting recently to chalk out plans on how to keep Ganga clean during the Pujas. Officials of the New Town Kolkata Development Authority was also present in the meeting.State urban development secretary Debashis Sen, also the Hidco chairman and managing director who was present in the meeting, had earlier said that it was discussed as to how the river could be kept clean during the immersion.adhere to all the pollution controlling norms and will bring up the issue of environment. Also, environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar inaugurated two mobile manual air quality measuring stations at the Writers' Buildings last Tuesday that will keep a check on air pollution during the pujas. It was a few years back that WBPCB had submitted a report to the Central Pollution Control Board about environment and health hazards that colours with a high lead content pose. It was noticed that the river water was getting polluted due to immersion of idols that had coat of paints with heavy metallic content.Earlier this year, the state had organized the 'Ganga Utsav' where awareness campaigns and other programmes were conducted to bring up the issue of saving the river from pollution. Recently, a panel discussion was held on the 'Save Ganga' mission, where IIT experts were present.The issues of the gap between development and environment and also about involving the citizens and municipalities in the efforts to keep the Ganga clean were discussed in the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-21"}
