{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458448", "title": "Truckers to join Sep 20 bandh", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost 8,500 trucks plying in and out of Nagpur will join the nationwide strike called from the night of September 19 for 24 hours to protest diesel price hike. However, the strike is not expected to have any major impact on day to day life.\"Even as operators had increased the freights following hike in fuel price, new rates could not be sustained due to poor demand. Ultimately, many had to ply at old freight which was a loss making proposition. So it was decided to go on a one-day strike,\" said J P Sharma, vice-president of Nagpur Trukers' Unity, a local association of transporters.Sharma said a day's strike will not impact common man. This is a slack season for transport business, so despite the increased fuel prices and the freight hike following it, commodities prices have not gone up. This is only because of a low demand keeping the freights at original levels, he said. The truckers had increased the freight by upto 15% to compensate the increase in overheads and dearer fuel.\"There is a likelihood of an indefinite strike in October. This will have an impact on common man especially as it would be festive season,\" said Sharma.The truckers' strike will coincide with a one-day trade bandh opposing FDI in retail apart from diesel price hike on November 20. This time the trade bandh against FDI is expected to have a good response. During previous bandh call in December, Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC), the largest trade guild of the region, had only expressed solidarity to the cause without actively participating in the strike. However, now NVCC itself has given the strike call along with the political parties like BJP.Even as shops in West Nagpur may not actively participate, even these establishments are expected to remain shut for a few hours just to avoid any untoward incident, said a source in business fraternity.Apart from it Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT), a nationwide organization of traders, will be participating in the bandh along with left parties. CAIT had organized the earlier bandh in December but could not get enough support in city. B C Bhartia, national president of CAIT, said the organization had the support of all the opposition parties apart from certain segments of UPA. Members of this association had also called on President Pranab Mukherjee to hand over a memorandum against FDI.CAIT contends that despite the earlier decision of not allowing FDI in retail till there is a consensus in the parliament, UPA has allowed investment in the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16457956", "title": "Railway projects in state on PMO radar", "text": "PATNA: The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) recently reviewed the progress of pending railway projects, including the ones proposed in Bihar, at a meeting with railway minister Mukul Roy and Railway Board officials. The meeting is being seen as a step towards turning around the cash-strapped railways.According to Railway Board sources, 340 and odd railway projects, including laying of new rail lines, have been pending across the country. A sum of Rs 1.25 lakh crore is needed to execute them.The PMO evinced keen interest in, among other projects, the dedicated freight corridor (DFC) and the locomotive factories to be set up at Madhepura and Marhaura in Bihar. The two locomotive factories, to come up under public-private partnership (PPP) mode, figured prominently at the meeting though the two projects have been languishing since 2007. \"We have now decided to complete them on priority basis. The pre-qualification for these two locomotive units has already been prepared by the railways,\" a Board official said.The sources said the railways intends to set up an electric locomotive factory at Madhepura at a cost of Rs 1284 crore and a diesel locomotive factory at Marhaura in Saran district at a cost of Rs 2025 crore. The production at these factories will be of big help to the railways which will need more diesel and electric locomotives by 2020 after completion of the DFC routes on both eastern and western ends.The meeting also discussed an ambitious station development project. To start with, the railways intends to execute the station development plan at four or five stations under the PPP mode. \"We will also ensure that the facilities under 'Adarsh' station scheme are provided at each station falling under the East Central Railway in Bihar,\" the Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457705", "title": "Restart mining activity immediately, says Khalap", "text": "PANAJI: A full regulated mining activity must immediately resume in Goa as otherwise, the unrest among barge owners, truck owners and other stakeholders dependent on mining for their livelihood may develop into an unmanageable, undesirable social conflict, Congress leader Ramakant Khalap said on Tuesday.Khalap made the demand at a meeting with Goa governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo, when he presented him a letter with a series of demands. Copies of Khalap's letters have also been forwarded to chief minister Manohar Parrikar, the prime minister, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and senior BJP leaders including Sushma Swaraj , Arun Jaitley and L K Advani.Referring to the ongoing feud between Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar and union minister for environment and forests, Jayanthi Natarajan , Khalap has first prescribed a \"total cessation of hostilities between the two governments followed by a flag meeting between top functionaries\", in order to \"find an amicable and speedy solution to the problem.\" Otherwise, the unrest among mining workers and other ancillary businesses may deteriorate into an unsavoury social conflict, Khalap stated.The former deputy chief minister of Goa also urged that all recommendations of the Shah Commission be implemented under the direct supervision of an independent agency, the methodology of which, is to be jointly decided by the state and central government.He also said that all mines not covered by valid leases must be taken over by the government, subdivided into blocks of suitable sizes, and auctioned to the highest bidders. Rest of the mines covered by valid leases must be allowed to operate in the interest of the large section of our people whose livelihood depends on this business, he said.Khalap said that the operation of these mines must be properly regulated by an independent agency which should also devise ways and means to recover the value of the ore extracted illegally from non-lease areas, and decide the fate of the dumps of low grade ore and mining rejects. Warning that stoppage of mines will affect export commitments resulting in long terms adverse effects on foreign trade besides affecting foreign exchange earnings in the country, Khalap advocated that the state and central governments jointly evolve a long term strategy and policy for the mining industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16460845", "title": "T20 fever grips restaurants, hotels", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the beginning of the T20 World Cup 2012, the city, like rest of the country, is set to join in the celebration of fast cricket. India's loss to Pakistan in the warm up match may have disappointed the fans, but the restaurants and pubs are expecting the excitement to be no less than that of the previous T20 world cups. Big screens have taken their positions and the cricket craziness is taking over the ambience as food and beverage outlets prepare to woo the audiences. At a five-star hotel on Ferozepur Road, a green mat has been laid down to replicate a cricket pitch. Food and beverage manager of the hotel Umesh Yadav says they have hired a band to celebrate the important moments during the matches, 'just as the cheer leaders do.' 'We are also rolling out offers such as 20% off on select beverages and surprise gifts to be won during matches,' he adds. BRS Nagar resident and an ardent cricket fan Harpreet Singh says, 'It is a different experience watching the matches on a big screen with the choicest of the drinks and friends.' The staff sporting a T20 logo in support of the 'Men in Blue' will welcome cricket fans at a Ferozepur Road-based resto-bar. Manager of the resto-bar Hazoor Ahmad says they would ask the customers to fill up a form asking them to guess the winner of the match being played and gifts will be distributed to the winning customers. 'We will send the gifts home even if the guests leave before the match finishes,' assures resto-bar manager Hazoor Ahmad. The menu at Ahmad's resto-bar has been tweaked with interesting names. 'If 'Virat's Blade' is mozzarella stick rolls, 'LBW' is spicy shredded lambs. There is 'Yousuf and Irfan Pasta' and a cocktail called 'Yuvi Back On Ground' too,' says Ahmad. Raghav Kansal, owner of a BRS Nagar-based restaurant, has kept it simple with a one-plus-one offer on most drinks and will unfold other offers as the World Cup proceeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458610", "title": "Restore our services in passport offices: Agents", "text": "PUNE: The Passport Agents' Association of Pune (PAA) on Tuesday refuted allegations that they have direct access to the online system wherein they can seek an appointment for submission of passport applications. The association clarified that the ministry of external affairs has stopped services of passport agents from June 1; hence they have no role in seeking appointments.Addressing a press conference, PAA president A S Joshi said that passport agents are being blamed unnecessarily. \"Agents do not have any role in resolving problems faced by the public in seeking appointments for passport submission. The website is run and controlled by the ministry, not by the agents,\" he said.Joshi further said that the ministry needs to explain to the agents as to why their services have been stopped.\"Earlier, the passport agents were authorized by the ministry. However, the services have been terminated since June 1. Not a single agent has received any communication from the ministry explaining the action. We have urged the ministry to re-start the services. Letters have been submitted to the chief minister and NCP leader Sharad Pawar in this regard,\" said Joshi.\"Earlier, agents used to handle cases and guide applicants. However, ever since services have been stopped, agents do not have any authority,\" he added.Joshi further pointed out that due to load-shedding problems many applicants failed to take required appointments for submission of passport applications within the duration given by the ministry and the passport seva kendra (PSK).He also said that the time provided on the website to submit applications was not sufficient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16460708", "title": "Private equity play hots up Bangalore realty market", "text": "BANGALORE: A resilient property market backed by perceptions of high quality standards and professionalism has seen private equity investments of at least Rs 400 crore flow into Bangalore-based developers in the last two months.Global investment firm Xander has bought a 49% stake for Rs 150 crore in the retail component of Mantri Developers' integrated township, Mantri Serenity, located on Kanakapura Main Road. Sushil Mantri, CMD, Mantri Developers, confirmed the deal to TOI. Prior to this, Mantri Developers raised Rs 100 crore from ASK Property Investment Advisors, the real-estate private equity arm of ASK, for its luxury residential project in the heart of the city, near Lalbagh.On Tuesday, ASK announced another Rs 100 crore fund infusion for a 50% stake in a residential project comprising of villas and apartments being developed by Shriram Properties, located off Sarjapur Road, near the Wipro Campus. Commenting on the company's recent funding activities, Sunil Rohokale, CEO of ASK Investment Holdings, said: \"Our second round of investments in Bangalore shows our confidence in the outlook for the city's real estate market. The market is stable due to constant job creation.\"Samir Jasuja, CEO of real estate analytics firm PropEquity, said Bangalore's absorption rate had been fantastic and the market was doing way better than its peer cities in west and north of the country. Jasuja said the PE interest was also because, \"south-based developers have proven to be much more professional than developers in the west and north. Also, their project execution and quality is far better than what one sees in the rest of the country.\"Anuj Nangpal, director of investment advisory in real estate consultancy DTZ India noted, \"Mumbai's real estate market is whopped, Delhi is too investor led and there is a lot of underwriting in sales, Chennai has seen a slowdown, but Bangalore continues to remain strong and steady.\"The PE party may continue in the coming months. Project level funding to the tune of Rs 300 crore is on the cards, with deal closures expected to happen as early as end of September.Century Real Estate led by P Ravindra Pai, one of the largest owners of real estate (about 3,000 acres) in Bangalore, recently raised Rs 40 crore for its project Century Indus, located in Rajarajeshwari, from Anil Ambani's Reliance Capital. Century is in the process of raising an additional Rs 150 crore to be channeled into two SPVs (special purpose vehicles), and it is said that Reliance Capital may again participate.Another Bangalore-based premium developer, Jain Heights, is in talks with three fund houses, including Reliance Capital, to raise around Rs 100 crore at the SPV level for multiple projects. The funding is being planned in two tranches - a first round of Rs 60 crore and then Rs 40 crore. The first round of funding will see closure by September end, company sources said. From the consumer standpoint, it is very good news when a PE fund comes on board a project, as it guarantees financial stability, and ensures that the project goes on to completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461302", "title": "Corn syrup not responsible for obesity epidemic", "text": "There is no evidence to suggest that the current obesity epidemic can be specifically blamed on consumption of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), according to a study.Researchers concluded that after an extensive review of all available HFCS research, there is overwhelming evidence showing HFCS is nutritionally equivalent to sugar.This opinion is in-line with the American Medical Association and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, both of which concluded that HFCS is not a unique cause of obesity.The researchers stated that while there has been a large amount of debate in the media about the impact of HFCS on obesity levels, the fact is \"Sucrose (sugar) and HFCS are very similar in composition....and are absorbed identically in the human GI tract.\"\"The public discussion about HFCS will likely continue to rage on and more studies will be conducted,\" said James M. Rippe, M.D., Founder and Director of the Rippe Lifestyle Institute, and Professor of Biomedical Sciences at the University of Central Florida, one of the study's authors.\"However, at this point there is simply no evidence to suggest that the use of HFCS alone is directly responsible for increased obesity rates or other health concerns,\" he stated.They discussed a number of research trials that have been conducted on the issue of HFCS and obesity, and concludes that at this time the evidence shows no short-term health differences between the use of HFCS or sugar could be detected in humans. Weight gain, glucose levels, insulin and appetite were not adversely affected by the use HFCS over sugar.HFCS was developed in the mid-1960''s as a more flexible alternative to sugar and was widely embraced by the food industry. The use of HFCS grew rapidly from 1970-1999 where usage peaked. Since 1999, the use of HFCS has declined while obesity rates have continued to rise. Sucrose is still the dominant sweetener worldwide with over nine times the consumption of HFCS.The finding has been reported in an article published in International Journal of Obesity .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456360", "title": "Only 107 Lord Ganesh mandals have legal power connections", "text": "NASHIK: While around 1,000 Ganesh mandals in the city have geared up to celebrate Ganeshotsav from Wednesday, only 107 of them have taken legal temporary power connections from the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL).The number of Ganesh mandals in the city was around 850 last year and is estimated to have touched 1,000 this year. However, most of the mandals still prefer to steal power, instead of taking legal temporary connections. The MSEDCL has decided to conduct a survey to identify power theft by mandals during the ten-day festival. For last two years the state power company has been appealing to the Ganesh mandals to take temporary power connections instead of stealing power. This year the entire staff of MSEDCL - including a junior engineer and others authorized to issue a demand note and collect funds for temporary connections\u2014 are visiting mandals in the city and asking them to take the connections legally.\"Our teams are visiting every mandal and enquiring if they have taken legal connections. If not, we are issuing them the demand note, collecting the minimum deposit and releasing connections along with the meter on the spot,\" an official from the company said.This way the company does not intend to leave a single mandal without bonafide power connection, the official said adding that the same would be carried out during Navratri as well. The urban 1 division has so far released 59 connections while the urban 2 has released 48 connections by Tuesday. Last year the tally of total connections released during the festivities stood at 92. The company has crossed the figure this year even as the festivities were yet to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457612", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation slaps fine on 8 food joints in Ganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: An enforcement squad of Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Tuesday slapped fine on eight food joints and stalls in and around Hazratganj on charges of littering public places. The squad led by chief food inspector, Dilip Dey, swooped down Hazratganj, Lalbagh, Rana Pratap Marg and Vidhan Sabha Marg slapping challans under section 386(3) of the UP Municipal Act, 1959.Officiating municipal commissioner, Rakesh Verma said that LMC had been warning the shopkeepers of keeping the places clean and dumping the generated waste in a proper manner. As apparent, that was not done much to the embarrassment of LMC.Interestingly, four of the eating joints, which were slapped with a challan happened to be situated close to municipal headquarters. The owners of the eating joints, however, accused the municipal corporation of resorting to pick and choose while cracking on them.Meanwhile, the LMC started fogging in the city. The drive will be carried in the six zones on different days of the week, starting from zone-1, where fogging will be done on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455628", "title": "'Bacchas can spoil this party'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state assembly passed a resolution in 2005 barring candidates having more than two children from contesting elections in the local bodies.If the same rule is made applicable for assembly elections 82 MLAs from the current assembly would face disqualification.At present, 18 MLAs have more than five children. Three legislators are unmarried. Officials say the two child norm has no structured implementation mechanism and it only works if through complaints. Action can be initiated only if someone complains about the third child.A study by the Surat-based Centre for Social Studies (CSS) revealed that a range of strategies were adopted by the elected representatives to avoid disqualification. This included measures such as abandoning the wife, denying having fathered a child, deserting a pregnant wife, asking the wife to undergo abortion.The two-child norm for elected representatives of Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) in Gujarat was fast becoming a tool to settle personal scores and eliminating political opponents, says the study. The norm is also seen as adversely affecting women and minorities in rural parts of the state.Though the study goes on to describe the 2005 law as 'anti-woman', there have been instances in February 2011 when woman panchayat sarpanchs travelled all the way to Gandhinagar to lodge a formal protest against the law stating that it not only disqualified elected members in an \"anti-democratic manner\", but also threatened to increase the divorces and abortions in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "masuri, ghaziabad", "code": "16458614", "title": "Ghaziabad unrest: Cops return religious text", "text": "MASURI, GHAZIABAD: Four days after violence erupted in Ghaziabad, the police are still clueless about what triggered the riot. According to Abdul Qadir , the muezzin of the local mosque, he was misled about the contents of the FIR and the allegedly desecrated religious book has now been returned to him by the police.According to Qadir, the man who had written the complaint at the police station was his neighbour, Matik-ul-Rehman, and he is nowhere to be found now. \"I can't read or write Hindi. The FIR was read out to me but the content was different from what I had said. Contrary to the FIR, I never saw torn pages being thrown out of the train at the Adhyatmik Nagar station,\" he said.The religious book that was submitted as evidence to the police earlier has now been returned to him, Qadir added. \"It was returned to me on Tuesday evening,\" he said.Meanwhile, police relaxed the curfew in the area as shops were allowed to remain open from 10am to 5pm. However, the situation in the neighbourhood remained tense.The Masuri police station is now filled with new faces. The station officer, PK Singh; SSI local intelligence unit, Jal Singh Saini; and SI LIU DP Singh have been suspended. According to the newly appointed circle officer, Ranvijay, they will take some time to gather intelligence and start making conclusions. \"Our main aim is to ensure no more violence erupts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16456216", "title": "Congress stops court bid to vacate office", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Defying the Supreme Court order to hand over the District Congress Committee (DCC) office building to its owner, a group of Congress activists led by DCC president K C Abu blocked the court amin who came to execute the order on Tuesday.Munsif court amin P P Moideen was blocked in front of the DCC office on Wayanad Road in the city around 12 noon by the group that had gathered in front of the office. Congress leaders informed the amin that the issue between the landowner and the DCC had already been settled.The three-month deadline for implementing the March 13 apex court order, which had asked P K Mamukkoya, the DCC general secretary, to hand over the building to its owner and vacate the 40-cent property, had ended on June 13.The Kozhikode DCC office has been functioning in this building since 1974. The final SC order issued in March favoured the family of M Balan, the owner of the building. It had come after a legal battle that lasted four decades. The order clearly states that refusal to hand over the building will be considered as contempt of court.After the order, Congress leaders held a series of talks in July and August with the landowner to settle the issue. DCC vice-president U Rajeevan told TOI that there wasn't any question of eviction as the DCC had already decided to purchase the land as per an agreement with the landowner. \"On August 8, the DCC handed over the advance amount for the land. The remaining amount will be given within four months,\" he said.Counsel for the respondent P S Sreedharan Pillai also said the issue had been settled after a series of discussions between the landowner and DCC representatives.Based on the orders issued by the Kerala high court and the Kozhikode munsif court, at least three attempts have been made to evict the office from the building since 1975. But the party thwarted them using political influence. Several Congress leaders were booked for obstructing the amin from implementing the order on January 17, 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16460793", "title": "Man in cop net for posting obscene photos", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Crime Branch on Tuesday arrested director of a financial management firm in Puri for allegedly uploading obscene pictures of a woman on a porn website. The accused was identified as Jayant Das. \"He not only uploaded her objectionable photographs, but also circulated her phone number. Her husband's phone number was also circulated on the site,\" ADG (crime branch) B K Sharma said. Her husband is a freelance journalist, based in Puri.\"The couple received lots of vulgar phone calls and lodged complaint with local police. We took up the case in July,\" Sharma said. Police came to know about Das's complicity after scanning the IP address of the email ID through which the user uploaded the objectionable photos. \"He targeted me because I carried some reports against his firm. He threatened me of dire consequences,\" said her husband.In another development, chairman and managing director of Seashore Group of Companies Prashant Kumar Das, following a recent Orissa High Court order, on Tuesday appeared before the Crime Branch, probing the alleged multi-crore bungling through illegal money circulation activities in his company. Cases were registered against Das and five other directors (his wife and relatives) of the company for allegedly siphoning public money to the tune of nearly Rs 450 crore illegally into other business.\"He gave evasive answers to our queries. We have sought some more clarifications from him,\" Sharma said.The company MD said: \"We did not make any embezzlement. We are cooperating with Crime Branch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461160", "title": "Vishal Bhardwaj at Honey Trehan and Priyanka' s wedding", "text": "The wedding of Priyanka and Honey Trehan, Bollywood casting director, and also filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj's assistant director, turned out to be one star-studded bash in Allahabad, his home town.Organized in a plush city hotel, the do witnessed Bollywood celebrities taking time out from their hectic schedules and travelling from Mumbai to be part of this do. Abhishek Chaubey, director of \"Ishqiya\", was spotted shaking a leg in the baraat, along with \"Chittagong\"s' leading lady Vega Tamotia.It was Vishal Bhardwaj who led the baraat dancing throughout, accompanied by wife- singer Rekha Bhardwaj. The duo danced on Rekha's songs with company from Bhardwaj's other ADs Payal and Nilesh Maniyar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457399", "title": "Gutka, paan masala fetched Rs 232 cr for UP govt in 2011-12", "text": "LUCKNOW: With as many as 13 states in the country imposing a ban on the sale of gutka and paan masala, the Allahabad High Court has questioned \"the sincerity and commitment of the UP government to care for the health of its citizens\" by restricting the use of \"gutka\" and \"pan masala\" containing tobacco in the state.Contributing to massive revenue earnings through sales, there's a reason, many say that the state government may allow the deadly trade to flourish. In 2011-12 alone, the sale of gutka in UP fetched the state government over Rs 200 crore in tax. During the same period, paan masala sales allowed the state government funds to grow by Rs 32 crore. Though this qualifies as a small percentage of the state's total trade tax earnings - Rs 32,996.82 crore - most agree that the government could also be dragging its feet on the ban in a bid to appear populist. That is the reason why the state government has maintained that the ban on gutka is \"under consideration'', but, in a cabinet decision in August, it has lowered the entry tax on gutka that has allowed the sale of the products to flourish in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457469", "title": "Scheme ambulances not as facile as promised by state government", "text": "LUCKNOW: Conceptualised and designed to help people in need of immediate medical attention, the 108 emergency ambulance service will hardly be able to serve its purpose, as the government would be rolling out the vehicles with only basic life support. It means they will not be of much help to critically-ill patients or in cardiac emergencies. Another major problem callers will face is that the ambulance will take patients only to government health facilities. They will not of help, in case a patient is to be taken to a private hospital. In a state like Uttar Pradesh where public health infrastructure is in a shambles, urban population may be disappointed.There are two types of ambulances. The first is called Basic Life Support (BLS) ambulance, which has basic emergency equipment such as oxygen supply, which can help in saving accident victims and in transporting pregnant women from their homes to the nearest health facility. These may also help save patients with moderate burn injuries. Technically, the BLS ones are also known as facility-to-facility ambulances.The other is called advance life support (ALS) ambulance, which is needed for cardiac emergencies like acute heart attack (myocardial infractions), unstable angina, and otherwise stable cardiac patients from one hospital to the other for procedural help or to advanced centres. Only an ALS can transport critically-ill patients in need of ventilator like those suffering with multi-organ failure or those undergoing dialysis. Severe burn cases and those at the risk of septicaemia can be transported in an ALS. This facility is for bed-to-bed transport.Many states in which the 108 facility has been launched have a combination of ALS and BLS ambulances. \"Most states have 10-25% of ALS ambulances keeping in mind the burden of non-communicable diseases. But in UP, all the 988 ambulances are of BLS type,\" Rajesh Waghmare, chief executive officer, GVK EMRI UP told TOI. The revelation surprised health experts and certain officials in the health department. One of them revealed that UP too was to keep 10 per cent of ALS ambulances. But they wondered why the plan was dropped. National Rural Health Mission Project implementation plan for 2009-10 has the fact written as well.As per the terms and conditions of the memorandum of understanding between GVK EMRI and UP government, the service provider will transport patients only. But, what if a government centre is saturated and will not be able to admit the patient and there is a need to transport patient to a tertiary care private hospital? When asked to comment in this regard, head of GVK Emergency Management And Research Institute, Sarabjeet Singh said, \"We take this as an important feedback and would work to address the issue at the earliest.\"Health experts, however, said other states allow the exception. \"They have all said that preference should be given to government facility and the decision to deviate is taken after a proper protocol,\" said one of the officers in NRHM's programme management unit. They were, however, clueless on the options for people wanting to avail the 108 service only for private centres.Based on their experience in 11 states, GVK EMRI found that 38 per cent complaints were related to labour and pregnancy. Trauma due to road traffic accidents and unexplained acute pain in the abdomen formed the next big chunk of 17 per cent and 13 per cent for emergencies. Cardiac problems comprised 5 per cent of the complaints, while 4 per cent callers complained of respiratory problems. The remaining complains consisted of problems like suicide, animal bites and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457727", "title": "Cops talk tough, but cabs and buses may not ply tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: While you celebrate Ganesha Chaturthi, police will be putting in place elaborate security arrangements for Thursday's Bharat Bandh. Additional commissioner of police (law &amp; order) T Suneel Kumar on Tuesday said 14,000 police personnel will be deployed across Bangalore. \"Also, 30 platoons of the Karnataka State Reserve Police and City Armed Reserve will patrol the city from 6am to midnight.\"Police have been given about 500 video cameras to record evidence of any anti-social activities. \"CCTV cameras will be installed at vital places, and we'll deploy more personnel at sensitive and hyper-sensitive areas,\" he said. Preventive arrests are on cards. \"We're getting inputs from the state intelligence bureau and may detain mischief-mongers.\"The bandh, called by the NDA to protest against the diesel price hike and FDI in multibrand retail, has got support from the transport sector, with private cabs and trucks going off the roads.Schools and colleges can decide whether to have classes or give students another holiday. There will be bus and Metro services subject to the situation on the ground.The Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences is playing safe and has postponed its Thursday exam to September 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456865", "title": "Burglars in briefs flee with Rs 19L gold", "text": "CHENNAI: Three burglars, clad in just briefs and their bodies soaked in oil, escaped with 80 sovereigns of gold worth about 19 lakh and 2 lakh in cash from a house in Ponneri, about 55km from here, on Monday night after assaulting the owner.Police said the burglars broke the iron grille and entered the house on Senjiamman Koil Street while Dayalan and his wife Navamani were asleep in the drawing room. Their son Naresh was in the bedroom.The burglars put all the loot in a sack and were on their way out when one of them stepped on Navamani's hand. She screamed on seeing three oil-soaked men in just briefs.Hearing his wife's cries, Dayalan got up and switched on the lights. The burglars who were under the impression that they had pulled off a heist without any disturbance hit Dayalan on the head. He fell down unconscious.They pushed Navamani aside and fled. By then Naresh woke up and alerted some of their neighbours who rushed to the house. Navamani and Dayalan were taken to a nearby private hospital where they were treated and discharged.Later, Devan, a milkman, and Prakash, a cement dealer, who lived in the neighbourhood, found the grilles of their houses broken. It is suspected that the burglars made attempts at some other houses before striking at Dayalan's residence.Police personnel visited the crime spot and lifted fingerprints from there. Navamani told police that the burglars appeared to be in the 25-30 age group and spoke in Tamil.She said she was jolted out of her sleep when someone stepped on her hand. As she woke up, the three men shoved her aside and attacked her husband, she said. Special police teams have been formed to track the accused.The incident created panic in the area and angry residents have urged police to increase patrolling saying burglars could come back for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16456078", "title": "Hyderabad gears up for Ganesh Chaturthi", "text": "HYDERABAD: City sported a festive look on the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi. Colourful flowers, 'torans' and decorative items flooded local markets that were chock-a-block all through Tuesday with enthusiastic denizens pouring in large numbers. Organisers at the Ganesh pandals were seen making last-minute preparations, paying special attention to security arrangements this time around. An estimated 50,000 Ganesh idols are likely to dot various corners of Hyderabad this year.Shoppers thronged the lanes of Monda Market and Begum Bazaar right from morning, purchasing fruits, flowers, banana leaves and lotus leaves, all of which are used in Ganesh puja, from numerous vendors lined on both sides of the roads. K Rakesh, a flower vendor at Monda Market said, \"People purchase all kinds of flowers for this festival. Apart from the usual marigold and jasmine, there is a demand for the flowers usually used in bouquets which are called 'chandni'. They are brought from Bangalore.\" Rakesh added that he is likely to earn anything between Rs 5000 to Rs 10,000 in two days (Tuesday and Wednesday).Sellers of decorative pieces like artificial flowers, torans and garlands too reported a 40% rise in sales when compared to last year, with saffron flags and the small decorative umbrellas, usually placed above the idol, doing the most business. Sweet shops too saw sales go up significantly for the festival. \"Sales are likely to double this year and may even triple if the crowd is good on Wednesday. Around 90% of the sweets sold are the different kinds of laddus prepared especially for Ganesh Chaturthi. Motichoor laddus and modaks are in great demand,\" said Rajesh Dadu, proprietor of Dadu's Mithai Vatika.Meanwhile, anticipating large crowds, organisers of most of the Ganesh utsavs have beefed up their security measures. Apart from deploying a posse of guards, they have also installed CCTV cameras to keep a close watch on devotees. Raj Kumar, one of the organisers of the Ganesh Utsav Committee, Khairatabad, which sets up the biggest idol in the city, said, \"We have three security guards at the venue now, and the number will be increased to 10 from Wednesday onwards. CCTV cameras too are in place. Around one lakh people visit the pandal daily.\" Similarly in Dilsukhnagar too, CCTV cameras have been installed for the first time this year and the committee has spent around Rs 1.5 lakh on security arrangements alone.And apart from sprucing up pandals, some have even spiced up the festivities with 'virtual' puja services for devotees. The Khairatabad committee, for instance, now has a provision of sending puja requests through emails. While this facility has been available on its website for sometime, this year the rush seems to be much higher. Organisers said they have already received well over 1,000 email requests and expect the number to touch 10,000 over the next few days. The Bhagyanagar Ganesh Utsav Samithi, which oversees all festival proceedings in the city, too has created a website this year and also uploaded a Facebook page to keep in touch with the organisers of various pandals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457804", "title": "Kidnapped truck driver from Gujarat rescued in Jaipur; 16 held", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough Jaipur police rescued a truck driver who was kidnapped from Deesa town of Gujarat, some days ago. Sixteen labourers involved in the crime were arrested on Tuesday from New Sanganer area in the city.On Tuesday the traffic policemen stopped a truck with a registration number UP- 20 F- 0677 for regular checking. After the truck was stopped a man identified as Santosh Sharma, a native of Meerut (Uttar Pradesh) started screaming for help and told the police that he had been kidnapped by these labourers.After this, labourers started running away from the scene, police said. \"Later, various Chetak vans and a team of Shipra Path police station also rushed to the spot and arrested all the 16 labourers who were attempting to flee from the scene,\" said Madho Singh, circle inspector, Shipra Path police station. Singh said that all these 16 workers were working at B R Power Company located in Deesa (Gujarat).\"The rescued truck driver said that he was ferrying these workers to the site where they were on the job of laying underground cables. Suddenly they overpowered him and tied him up with ropes. The labourers told him that they were not getting their and since he was close to the company's manager they had kidnapped him,\" Singh added.\"They had planned to kidnap Sharma and take him to Malda from where they had planned to call up the manager to force him to clear their outstanding wages,\" Singh added.Shipra Path police has also intimated the Deesa Kheda police station in Gujarat about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457353", "title": "Crank callers watch out", "text": "LUCKNOW: Citing experience of 11 states where GVK EMRI is providing 108 services, company officials said that crank calling is a big challenge for their call centre operators. \"We have witnessed a steady increase in the number of crank callers, as we moved from south to north,\" said Rajesh Waghmare, CEO, GVK EMRI, UP. They informed that in one of the states, 50% of the calls were fake or crank, meant to harass female call operators. The problem has already made its presence felt in the state.On the very day in fact, some one called up for 300 times. But crank callers in UP may land up in jail. The 108 call centre has a caller id, which will help them nab crank callers. \"The state government has already extended support on the count,\" said the officials. The service provider also has the option of blocking a caller, but they do not want to resort to the practice, as this may deprive him of the ambulance service when the person is in need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460212", "title": "Give up strike call or face action, govt warns staff", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has warned its employees of strict action if they went ahead with their strike call on September 21 and 22.A government spokesman said on Tuesday that the secretariat employees rejected the government plea to call of the strike in wake of the visit of foreign dignitaries including Sri Lankan President and Bhutanese Prime Minister. Minister of State for general administration Kanhaiyalal Agrawal held a meeting with the employees earlier in the day.The government assured to look into the demands of the employees sympathetically, but at the same time warned that it will take strict action against them if they go on strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16461008", "title": "Their reel time is about real charity", "text": "LUDHIANA: Going for a movie with friends is something that every one plans for quite often. But, none ever come up with the thought of helping the less fortunate or the needy while enjoying the favourite flicks, like six young women from the city did. All in their early 30s, these women pitch in donations when collecting money for movie tickets and make it a point to use it for charity. The first fortunate beneficiary picked up by the group is a woman in the slums near Rose Garden, who will get a gate at her house from the collected donation. The group includes Tagore Nagar resident Shivani Gupta, 32; Gurdev Nagar resident Niti Gupta, 33; Ghumar Mandi residents Nandita Bhasker, 33 and Shveta Gupta, 32; Mall Road resident Charu Aggarwal, 33 and Boski Jain, 32, of Civil Lines. They have decided to pitch in the donation and figure out its worthy disposal every time they watch a movie together. 'We have been able to collect Rs 11,000 in the first attempt and will use this to get a gate installed at a woman's house in a slum. We are excited that we will be able to make a difference in someone's life with our contribution,' said Niti. Shveta joined in saying their effort might be too little but they are sure it would directly affect the lives of those in need of help. 'The idea of meeting up for our entertainment and contributing towards a good cause pulled me to join in this group of my friends. The woman who gets a gate will be delighted with our help and that is what our reward will be,' said Charu. The group has planned to carry on with their social service by identifying more such people in future, she added. 'In the time to come, we will find innovative ways to help people, wherein we can organize fun activities while helping someone in dire need,' said Shivani. 'Being homemakers, our objective is to prove that women can be a source of change in the society with active participation in uplifting the downtrodden,' said Nandita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16459765", "title": "Overlapping police jurisdiction worrisome", "text": "MHOW: The overlapping jurisdiction of three police station of Indore, Dhar and Khargone districts on Agra-Bombay national highway between Manpur and Dhamnod have become a cause of concern for many. As, in case of any eventuality, be it accident or a crime, the incident becomes a bone of contention between the three police stations as to who would be handling the case.The jurisdictions of three police stations are in a stretch of about eight kilometers on the AB road and every time, an accident occurs, the police staff of the three police stations try to push the ball in each other's court.Looking at the Sunday's incident occurred at the Bankaner Ghat of the road, in which two persons died and one was seriously injured, it took more than three hours for the Dhamnod police to reach the spot and take necessary measures including diversion of traffic etc. When the police reached the spot, the bodies of the dead were lying unattended.Dhannalal Patel, a resident of Dhaal village near the ghat, said that whenever an accident takes place specially in the night hours and the locals report the matter to the police at any of the three police stations, they try to get rid of the case with an excuse that the place is not within jurisdiction of their police station.Manpur TI Man Singh Thakur said that his area was till Bheirughat but people get confused and report the matter to the other police stations. He however, didn't rule out about his staff throwing the ball into the courts of other police stations.Maheshwar TI Ajay Sharma said that as far as his staff is concerned, there was no confusion about the jurisdiction. He, however, accepted that delays occur sometimes due to the confusion.Dhamnod TI Eshwarya Shastri said that a constable from the police station is deployed in the Ghat in the night hours and a patrolling is done in the Ghat and its adjoining areas till midnight. He said that he will find out the reason for the delay in action if any by his police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16458351", "title": "Train services to Tenkasi from Friday", "text": "MADURAI: The Southern Railway will operate passenger trains from Friday on the Tirunelveli - Tenkasi section, which was closed for gauge conversion.According to a statement from the divisional railway manager, Ajai Kant Rastogi, train services on the newly-converted broad gauge section of Tirunelveli - Tenkasi will commence with effect from September 21. Train Number 56797 Tirunelveli - Sengottai passenger will leave Tirunelveli at 9.30am and arrive Tenkasi at 11.03am and leave Tenkasi at 11.05am to reach Sengottai at 11.45am. Train number 56798 Sengottai - Tirunelveli passenger will leave Sengottai at 3.15pm arrive Tenkasi at 3.26pm and leave Tenkasi at 3.28pm to reach Tirunelveli at 5.30pm.Train Number 56799 Tirunelveli - Sengottai passenger will leave Tirunelveli at 6.20pm, arrive Tenkasi at 7.43pm and leave Tenkasi at 7.45pm to reach Sengottai at 8.35pm.Train Number 56796 Sengottai - Tirunelveli passenger will commence its regular service from Sengottai with effect from September 22. The passenger train will leave Sengottai at 6.30am, arrive Tenkasi at 6.41am and leave Tenkasi at 6.43am to reach Tirunelveli at 8.45am.The trains will halt at Tirunelveli Town, Pettai, Cheranmahadevi, Karaikkurichchi Halt, Viravanallur, Kallidaikurichi, Ambasamudram, Kizha Ambur, Azhwarkurichi, Ravanasamudram, Kilakadaiyam, Mettur, Pavurchutram, Kizhapuliyur and Tenkasi Junction. The train will have 13 general second class coaches and two general second class-cum-luggage van coaches, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460578", "title": "Remarriage is the new TRP gimmick", "text": "Saas-bahu khitpits and family feuds are slowly becoming passe as certain serials, aired on the prime time, are embracing a new concept \u2014 in-laws getting their bahus married off even though their sons are alive! Sounds shocking? Channel heads dig the idea saying that the boring concept of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law being at loggerheads has been done to death.Says Sukesh Motwani, head of fiction programming of a channel that first aired this concept in Punarvivaah, \"It made a powerful statement. Viewers from all over wrote in saying that they were inspired by the concept and were more sensitized towards their own daughters-in-law. The idea worked because people were dying to see solidarity between the two women of a household.\" Other soaps followed suit, turning the idea into a formula. The pulse of the audience had been felt and captured.That Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka is based on the concept is revealed by the name of the show itself. JD Majethia, who produces the show, says, \"If a boy makes a mistake, will his parents just support their son or will they also think about their daughter-in-law? We explored this in the serial.\" Popular Marathi actor Pratiksha Lonkar, who plays the saas in the serial, says, \"We have to get out of being a saas and take decisions as a rational human being. Getting Rajnibala (the daughter-in-law in the serial) married was the best thing we could do, so we did.\"Such concepts inspire and help change the mindsets of the viewers, feel soapmakers. Prashaant Bhatt, the weekday programming head of Colors, says, \"TRP is the last thing that we want. We are trying to create awareness that the girl you have brought in to your house as your daughter-in-law is also someone's daughter. Her happiness and future should be of prime importance to you. In Balika Vadhu , Anandi has spent 90% of her life fulfiling her duties as the bahu. After her divorce, her in-laws want her to find a good life partner as a parent will want for their daughter. In real life too, when a man betrays his wife and marries another woman, it will be extremely selfish of the family to just keep her and not think of her happiness.\"Chloe Ferns, the creative head of Kya Hua Tera Vaada, which is also toeing the same line, says, \"In this serial, there is this woman with three kids whose husband deserted her after cheating on her. So the in-laws, who love her like her parents, tell her not to waste her life, and get married to a guy who loves her and is ready to accept her with her kids. The show caters to an urban audience. We are not trying to propel remarriage or tell a married woman to leave her husband.\"Apra Mehta, who plays the mother-in-law in the serial, says, \"People take soaps very seriously. It becomes our moral duty to show what is right.\"Apra had essayed a somewhat similar character in Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi, where she tried to get her daughter-in-law, Tulsi, married when her husband, Mihir, was thought to be dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455791", "title": "Behind bars, Babu Bajrangi bashed up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Bajrang Dal leader Babu Patel alias Babu Bajrangi, who was recently convicted for leading mob attacks in Naroda Patia during communal riots of 2002, was thrashed by inmates inside Sabarmati Central Jail on Tuesday.Jail officials say Bajrangi was beaten up by convicts of Godhra train carnage of 2002 and undertrials of 2008 Ahmedabad serial bomb blasts. Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leaders plan to stage a dharna outside the jail to protest against the incident.President of VHP Praveen Togadia said: \"We have always said that Hindus are not safe anywhere in Gujarat including high-security jails.\" The VHP leader had recently said the organisation will support convicts of Gujarat riot cases and that the people who gained the most out of the communal conflict had done nothing to support Hindu activists.The incident took place on Tuesday morning when Bajrangi had gone to the jail's hospital for treatment. \"Bajrangi has fever and he had gone to the clinic to give his blood samples,\" said a jail official.Coincidentally, some convicts of the Godhra train carnage, which was the trigger for widespread communal riots in Gujarat in 2002, were present at the hospital at that time. Also present were some prisoners who are accused of terrorism and arrested for their alleged role in the serial bomb blasts of Ahmedabad. Both the groups ganged up against Bajrangi.The controversial Bajrang Dal leader was recently sentenced to life imprisonment, till death, by the designated court in the Naroda Patia riot case. Bajrangi was caught bragging about his role in the massacre of 97 Muslims in a sting operation which was aired on national television.The designated court took cognizance of the video recording. Bajrangi along with BJP MLA from Naroda constituency, Maya Kodnani were among 31 people convicted for murder, conspiracy and rioting. Bajrangi and Kodnani were termed as the main conspirators along with seven others.Bajrangi has not filed any police complaint so far. Jail authorities on the other hand downplayed the incident. Jail superintendent claimed that Bajrangi was not assaulted. \"There was only a heated exchange of words between Bajrangi and some other prisoners. We have ordered an inquiry.\"Times ViewA person serving a jail term is entitled to protection, irrespective of who it is. To that extent, it is distressing that Babu Bajrangi has been roughed up by hooligans in a Gujarat jail. In fact, it is strange that this has happened in a state that prides itself on its good law-and-order situation. When people can take the law into their own hands in a high-security environment like a prison, the claim rings hollow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458414", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation eyes Rs 40 lakh revenue from market charges", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has proposed to reintroduce market charges to be collected from vegetable and other vendors, with Rs 40 lakh revenue per year expected from this decision. A decision on this will be taken in the meeting of standing committee convened on September 20.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari had proposed to reintroduce market charges in the budget approved for this fiscal. According to the proposal, Rs 10 per day will be collected from vendors doing business in authorized as well as unauthorized markets. This charge will be for provision of various services by NMC, like cleaning the area and lifting of garbage.Besides, the standing committee will take a decision on the NOC fees to be collected from firecracker vendors. NMC was charging Rs 2,000 for NOC but reduced it to Rs 1,000 in 2011. NMC's fire department has sought approval of the standing committee to collect NOC fees from the vendors this year too.It will be interesting to see whether the standing committee clears the proposal to start pay and park on Sitabuldi main road market or keeps it pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16450533", "title": "Will Jaipur take to cycling?", "text": "After witnessing an array of adventurous activities, the Pink City is all set for Jaipur Cyclothon 2012, a first of its kind event that will bring together more than a thousands cyclists from all over the state. To nurture the sport, and raise funds for the needy, a Jaipur-based NGO is organizing the cycling event.Scheduled to be held on September 29, the event will witness the presence of some well known international cyclists. \"Jaipur Cyclothon 2012 is unique in its own way and will mark the presence of at least a thousand cyclists, participating for a cause. The sole aim of this event is to create consciousness and awareness towards the physically challenged,\" says Manoj Bharadwaj, general secretary of the NGO Nupur Sansthan.He further adds, \"We want to use this opportunity to highlight the various problems that physically challenged people face and also to integrate them into the mainstream of society by enhancing the opportunities available to empower them.\"The cyclothon that will start from Albert Hall, will be divided into two rounds - competitive and non-competitive - with professional cyclists and common people respectively, participating in it. Those who are physically challenged persons will also participate in the event to spread awareness on issues related to health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456675", "title": "UPA may have numbers, but early polls don't look improbable", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the face of it, despite the exit of Trinamool Congress, UPA-2's numbers, along with outside supporters, cross the 300 mark in Lok Sabha. But the figure might be less comforting than it seems, given a deepening disorientation gripping the Manmohan Singh government.Just as the government was looking to wrench itself out of a fire-fighting mode, it has been plunged into another round of crisis management. At a time when the Congress leadership hoped to effect an overdue Cabinet reshuffle to make the government more purposeful, the opposite has happened.Congress managers are no rookies and have considered worst case scenarios. The back-up plans have been in readiness for months, ever since West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee wielded the pullout threat ahead of the President's election.The charts with permutations had it pat. Left for Banerjee, SP for BSP and so on. A section of the Congress has for long argued that inducting the Samajwadis into the government will reduce the dependence on Didi. SP is no saint, but its demands are easier to manage than Banerjee's.This might yet come to pass, only the misgivings among would-be partners are growing. UPA-2 is being seen as a liability, one that might rub off on its partners. SP bosses may see an opportunity to extract goodies from a weak Delhi sultanate, but there is a strong view that this should be done from an arm's length.Left may at best offer support from issue to issue, as the communists are also wary of the graft taint. They are also not on the same page as far as reforms are concerned. This can mean smaller parties, known for their badgering ways, fishing out their wish lists.All this means UPA-2's elbow room and heft could be further hamstrung. Bolder reform moves, pressing ahead with critical legislation like banking, insurance and pension reforms is an uphill task. Another fuel hike seems improbable.If the impression of a lame duck government deepens, it can only alter estimates about the longevity of the regime. UPA-2 looks a bit accident-prone and there is no knowing when the next crisis will blow in. The vulnerability might be more in terms of perceptions than Lok Sabha maths, but it is hard to dismiss.BJP is not exactly battle ready, but will be prepared to take its chances and not wait till 2014 if such an opportunity arises. The opposition would not be keen to allow an opponent time to stagger into his corner and reach for restoratives.Managing Parliament may become a tougher task. A hard look at the lengthening odds may well convince the Congress brass that a truce with Banerjee -- even at the cost of looking silly -- is better than rattling an already shaky edifice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16461801", "title": "Google accuses China's Alibaba of 'using Android framework, tools'", "text": "LONDON: Google's mobile division head has criticised a rival Chinese firm, Alibaba, for pirating apps and violating rules to discourage incompatible versions of the Android operating system.Andy Rubin , Google's senior vice president for mobile and digital content, targetted Alibaba after the latter had accused Google of blocking the launch of a smartphone powered by its operating system.Alibaba claimed that Google blocked an event where Acer, the Taiwanese manufacturer, invited journalists to demonstrate a new smartphone using its Aliyun software.According to the Telegraph, in a blog post addressed to John Spelich, an Alibaba executive who complained publicly about Google's action, Rubin said Aliyun would have created an incompatible operating system based on Android.\"The fact is, Aliyun uses the Android runtime, framework and tools,\" he said.\"And your app store contains Android apps (including pirated Google apps),\" Rubin continued.\"So there's really no disputing that Aliyun is based on the Android platform and takes advantage of all the hard work that's gone into that platform by the OHA,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16457453", "title": "Deradicalization drive in the works", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a leaf from the US, the UK and Saudi Arabia, which are pursuing de-radicalization programmes to disengage indoctrinated elements from violence, India is discussing a similar effort to wean away \"identified\" radicals from extremist ideology. The initiative proposes to track preachers of radical doctrine as well as \"radicalized\" terror accused or convicts who have either been acquitted for want of evidence or have already served their prison term.To be pursued in secrecy, the de-radicalization effort will involve identifying those dispensing ideology of violent extremism and neutralizing the same with moderate interpretations of religion.Besides, the effort will also be aimed at prisoners with a known history of indoctrination in fundamentalist religious ideology.According to intelligence sources, many such radicalized prisoners get off with a lighter sentence due to inadequate evidence or limited extent of their involvement in a terror-related offence. Yet, their radical ideology remains intact even upon their release, and the risk of their taking to terror is high.Under the de-radicalization initiative conceptualized by the security establishment, those preaching radical doctrine would be monitored and their pupils engaged in moderate interpretations of religion to neutralize the effect of such teachings. As for the \"radicalized\" prisoners, the proposal is to counsel them closer to the release and after they are released with the help of trusted community leaders, NGOs and psychoanalysts.The case history of the \"radicalized\" element will be looked into, including the circumstances that could have drawn him to extremist ideology. Emphasis will be laid to bust the religious myths that caused such persons to feel alienated or disempowered, while offering them incentives for rehabilitation and reintegration into society.The idea is to make them feel valued. At the same time, community leaders and NGOs may try to involve their families in the de-radicalization efforts, so that the radical elements can be monitored on a daily basis and their families feel responsible for keeping them away from exploitation by violent extremist groups.Though there could be issues over acceptance of the post-release intervention by the state to disengage a person from violence based on extremist religious beliefs, the agencies feel that even a few cases of voluntary counseling may go a long way in tacking radicalization.The involvement of \"moderate\" community leaders and academics in counseling the radicalized youth is expected to minimize resistance from the target group.As radicalization of educated professionals \u2014 like the recent arrests of a doctor, engineer, MBA graduate and a journalist in a terror plot foiled by the Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka Police \u2014 becomes a point of concern within the security establishment, the government has stepped up efforts at counter-radicalization and de-radicalization on the lines of the programmes being run in the West as well as Islamic countries like Saudi Arabia.While counter-radicalization involves reaching out to vulnerable sections through an updated educational curriculum and incentives to take away their feeling of alienation, de-radicalization specifically aims at disengagement of the already radicalized elements from violent extremism. Counter-radicalization drive will be coordinated by ministries like HRD and minority affairs, even as MHA covertly pursues the programme.The UK de-radicalization programme is aimed not only at radicalized elements but also at vulnerable sections. The US has also been pursuing de-radicalization of terror prisoners, and had taken the help of Saudi Arabia in de-radicalizing Guantanamo Bay detainees by having them transferred to rehabilitation facilities in the Persian Gulf nation.Saudi Arabia started its de-radicalization programme in 2004, focusing on religious re-education and psychological counseling of terror suspects and convicts to educate, monitor and reintegrate radical elements into society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "berhampur/balangir", "code": "16460772", "title": "Dengue sting rises in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR/BALANGIR: Dengue cases continue to rise in Ganjam with as many as 99 persons in the district testing positive after NS1 test. \"We have found 114 samples to be dengue positive after NS1 test since August 1,\" sources at MKCG Medical College and Hospital said. Besides Ganjam, the NS1 positive cases are from Kandhamal (8), Rayagada (3), Gajapati (3) and one from Balugaon in Khurda district, sources said on Tuesday.\"Persons who test positive for NS1 are treated for dengue,\" said a senior professor of the medical college. But additional district medical officer (public health) of Ganjam L K Rath said, \"We consider it to be a dengue case only after the IgM Elisa test confirms it. The NS1 positive cases are considered probable dengue cases as some of them are found negative in IgM test\". Only 24 cases in Ganjam district were found dengue positive after IgM Elisa test, Rath said. HOD of Microbiology Department of the medical college Binodini Parida said, \"We consider it dengue positive if the NS1 test confirms it\". Experts have their criteria in determining dengue but there is no doubt that Berhampur is the worst affected by dengue in Ganjam district. Out of the 99 persons, 51 are from Berhampur followed by Hinjili block, where 35 persons tested positive for NS1. So far one person has died of dengue in the district.Meanwhile, a dengue patient died while being shifted from Belpahar in Jharsuguda district to Bhubaneswar on Monday. Sunita Padhi of Belpahar was admitted to a local hospital. She was shifted to Burla where she was diagnosed of dengue to a private nursing home. \"As per the advice of the doctor, we were taking her to Bhubaneswar for treatment. She died on the way near Angul,\" one of Sunita's relatives said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16460729", "title": "Teachers' protest mars Vinoba Bhave University anniversary fest", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The 21st anniversary of Vinoba Bhave University on Tuesday wasmarred by protests from both the former and present teachers, non-teaching staff forcing the guests, students and even media persons run for safety.The situation worsened further when the main tent erected in front of the main rostrum gave way. However none was injured - thanks to alert organizers.\"We have been cheated by the university management and there is no one to take care of our problems,\" said president of the VBU PG Teachers' Association Bipin Kumar.The function started with the plantation of 21 fruit-bearing plants on the campus by regional chief conservator of forest R P Kumar and other dignitaries including vice-chancellor R N Bhagat.Bhagat brushed aside the claims made by the president of PG teachers' association, who made the frontal attack on the failure of the university authorities in solving the problems faced by both teaching and non-teaching staff of the university.Enlisting the achievements of the university, the VC said within a span of 21 years VBU was selected as one of the top 20 universities of the country. \"It is a great achievement and we should be proud of it,\" said Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16456889", "title": "Wait for SP govt'slaptops gets longer", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav may not be able to keep his promise to deliver laptops to students by November this year. With manufacturers seeking more time for getting sample laptops tested at government-approved laboratories, the nodal agency for the job, Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Limited (UPECL), has said the deadline for the tendering process will be extended by a fortnight.Speaking to TOI, UPECL managing director Prabhat Mittal said: \"We received over 300 queries from different established original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) for the bidding process. Though the last date for the government to respond to their queries was September 15, the process is taking an additional three to four days because of the legal whetting involved. As a result, the deadline for submitting the final tenders, October 1, will also, in principle, be pushed by a fortnight.''Apart from demanding an extension in deadline, interested parties have also turned in requests for a reduction in deposit money - a non-refundable bid processing fee of Rs 1 lakh. The delay in processing these requests will also have a ripple effect on the technical presentations and the final declaration of tenders also, date for which will automatically be deferred until a further notice. Mittal said: \"The government will issue a formal order in this regard soon.\"So far, all the established OEMs in the laptop manufacturing segment - Toshiba, Acer, Lenovo, HCL, Wipro and HP - have evinced an interest in supplying laptops for the UP government's scheme. Though the government had planned to start the distribution process by the end of November, laptop hopefuls in UP will now have to wait a little longer.Officially, the state government started the tendering process for laptops on August 29, when UPECL, on behalf of the government, invited bids from interested partied to supply 17.98 lakh laptops. To fulfill the poll promise made by the Samajwadi Party to all meritorious students who cleared classes X and XII, the government, in July, also put in place a detailed distribution plan for the machines. Meant to be distributed in government schools and institutions in the first phase, laptops will then be distributed to government-aided institutions, including Arabic and Persian madrassas recognised by the Madrassa Board and schools recognized by the Sanskrit Education Board. In the third phase, distribution will be done to unaided institutions followed by, in the fourth and final phase, CBSE and ICSE-recognized schools and institutions.Earlier, the government also set up a Special Project Implementation Unit by roping in a five-member team of experts comprising IIT-Kanpur, IIM-Lucknow, National Informatics Centre, UPDESCO and UPECL to decide the technical specifications of the gadgets. Apart from designating UPECL as the nodal agency for purchase, tendering, contracting, timely delivery and pre-dispatch inspection of the laptops and tablets, the government also made it also put in charge of ensuring all vendors provide technical man power to ensure at least 5% laptops and tablets are examined before distribution at each tehsil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458560", "title": "156 cases against mandals withdrawn", "text": "PUNE: The state government on Tuesday decided to withdraw 156 cases filed by the Pune police against Ganpati mandals last year. The decision was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by home minister R R Patil, additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan and state law and judiciary department's principal secretary Vijaykumar Achliya and other officials at the Mantralaya. Police had filed cases against the Ganpati mandals for flouting guidelines like playing loud speakers aloud, disturbing peace etc during the festival in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458628", "title": "MoU puts onus on e-way firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: This time around, there will be no escape for the Gurgaon expressway contractor if it fails to fulfill conditions laid down in the MoU, which was signed with NHAI and lenders on Tuesday. The agreement spells out the timeframe and specifies conditions such as permission from agencies like HUDA to meet targets.The MoU fixes the responsibility largely on the contractor, DGSCL. However, some of the conditions such as completing overlaying of the entire 27.7-km stretch along with road markings and signs by next January seem a near impossible task since this would require frequent closure of lanes on the high-speed corridor. The plan has to be approved by the concessionaire within 30 days. Hence, the contractor has less than three months to complete the task.While NHAI said that DGSCL should have started the work, the company submitted before the court that its proposal pending with NHAI could not be cleared since the matter was sub-judice.As per the MoU, NHAI reserves the right to terminate contract after giving a show cause notice without giving any cure period.The other works include modifications of entry/exit points at specific locations on the expressway by the concessionaire at its own cost no matter whether they fall within its jurisdiction or outside. Such works have to be completed in nine months and HUDA would give working permission within the stipulated timeframe.To improve surveillance and traffic management, the concessionaire shall complete installation of CCTV cameras along the expressway. It shall have a fully-equipped control room to get real time feedback.On financial issues, which had led NHAI to slap the termination notice, all the three parties agreed to abide by the MoU provisions.At present, the concessionaire has given Rs 676 crore loan/ inter-corporate deposit with its parent company. The MoU lays down that within 30 days the senior lender shall inform NHAI whether this is an authorized investment, and if not, then the concessionaire has to bring back the entire amount to the escrow account (common account for the project) within 12 months. In addition, it says the lending amount cannot exceed Rs 309 crore.The provision will bring down the present exposure of debt/exposure of lenders to Rs 1,203 crore against the existing figure of Rs 1,570 crore.The MoU has precautionary measures based on the concessionaire's past actions like revision of project cost of refinancing the venture. The agreement says that the senior lenders will get the expenditure booked by the concessionaire after tolling started on the stretch against the total capital cost.This audit would be done by an auditor and the lenders have to approve it. As per the MoU, lenders have to complete this process within 90 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459696", "title": "IIST is zonal centre for Techfest 2013", "text": "INDORE: Indore Institute of Science and Technology has been made the zonal center of central India for IRC (International Robotics Challenge) - Techfest 2013 workshop. The workshop will be held on September 21 and 22. It aims to provide a platform to the Indian students to prove their mettle amongst the International teams from seven other countries. The participants will learn about technologies like Microcontroller Programming on Arduino architecture at the workshop. The participants will also be able to build an Autonomous Maze-solving Robot and Manual bot.\"Techfest is the annual technical festival of Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, which in 2012 saw a footfall of more than 92,000 students with over 25,000 students from abroad participating in various events. One of the major attractions of the fest is International Robotics Challenge (IRC), a universal and common platform for all the Indians as well as International participants to compete and excel,\" Shrey Singh, one of the organizers of the workshop, said.Techfest is the only college festival in India to hold competitions abroad, said Singh adding that the IRC brings the best participants from different countries to IIT Bombay during the festival providing an ideal opportunity for the Indian technical enthusiasts to face international competition of the highest level on a common platform and interact with their counterparts from across the world.\"With elimination rounds in eight countries including Egypt, Thailand, Indonesia, UAE, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh and India, some more countries will join the fest,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16458006", "title": "Shimla: ABVP, NSUI activists continue relay hunger strike over cancellation of poll results", "text": "SHIMLA: It's a divided house. While the SFI is stressing on the RKMV college administration to hold the oath-taking ceremony of winners in the Student Central Association (SCA) elections held on August 23, ABVP and NSUI activists are opposing it and have been on a relay hunger strike since Monday.Campus president of ABVP, Rachna Thakur said, \"The combined relay hunger strike of ABVP and NSUI students which is being observed since Monday will continue till the college administration does not cancel the elected panel of SFI.Student outfits are at loggerheads following declaration of the Student Central Association (SCA) election results at Government Girls College in Shimla , which has a strength of nearly 3,500 students.Candidates of the leftist outfit of SFI were declared winners for the fours posts of college SCA, however ABVP and NSUI had been alleging since the day of elections, that SFI had adopted fraudulent voting technique in the college elections, as more than 40 names of voters were added on August 23, whereas the stipulated date for the voters list was August 18.\"Though, the study report of HP varsity has already outlined that anomalies existed in the elections and authorized the principal to make the final verdict, but the decision is being postponed on the pretext that the letter has not been received from the varsity and we are forced to pursue hunger strike for our cause,\" Rachna Thakur added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458385", "title": "Transport body calls 24-hour strike against hike in diesel price", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leading transporters' body All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) has called a 24-hour token strike from Wednesday midnight against the recent hike in diesel price. The decision was taken at an AIMTC emergency meeting on Tuesday.Association president Malkit Singh Bal said 75 lakh trucks will go off the roads all over the country for a day. The organization has given 30 days to the government to take back its decision, failing which the transporters will resort to an indefinite \"chakka jam\".However, questions have been raised on such a strike since most transporters have already increased their freight charges. \"The fuel price increase impact is 5% but they have increased the freight charge by 15%. Once they have passed on that burden to customers, where is the logic of demanding a rollback? They are using this situation to stall reforms in the transport sector, which have been overdue and would make them more accountable,\" said S P Singh of IRTFT, a transport advocacy group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456553", "title": "No end to commuters\u2019 woes", "text": "KOLKATA: Commuters faced a harrowing time on Tuesday with the strike by private bus operators entered the second day. Few government buses on roads gave the taxi drivers a licence to fleece commuters making things tougher for the latter.\"A cabbie demanded Rs 30 extra and I had to toe his line, since I was waiting for a transport for long to go back home,\" said 23-year-old Howrah resident Rashmi Shah, who works as a financial adviser at a Camac Street firm.Commuting during the office hours was a horrific experience, especially on the routes of Howrah station, Esplanade, M G Road, Sealdah, Park Circus, Behala, Gariahat and Kidderpore. People even preferred to walk, instead of waiting for a bus. \"The buses were few and overcrowded. I had to wait for almost an hour at the Esplanade crossing before I got a bus,\" said Sanjeev Kumar, a resident of EM Bypass area.The cabbies cashed in on the commuters' harassment during the office hours and demanded double the regular fare.Thirty five-year-old IT employee Rahul Gupta had to change transport twice from his Park Circus home to reach his office in Salt Lake. \"I had to take an auto from Park Circus to Mullick Bazar and then a minibus from there to reach office. Even then, I was late,\" said Gupta who is worried about the days ahead.Taxi drivers too were ready with their excuses. \"Petroleum prices have been hiked several times, but there has been no revision in taxi fare. The state government is looking the other way instead of solving the problem. Hence, we are compelled to ask for extra money from the passengers,\" said cabbie Mintu Mondal.State transport minister Madan Mitra went to several places in the city on Tuesday to take a look into the situation. He went to several bus depots to check whether government buses were plying regularly. The minister appealed to the common people not to stay back at houses and waste a working day. I hope, things will improve from Wednesday,\" he said.The Metro Railway in the city remained crowded throughout the day with the evening reflecting the worst side of the strike. \"With streets almost deserted, the Metro was the last resort for the people. Around 4,57,000 people took Metro on Tuesday evening. The number is huge for a day, as we carry around 6 lakh passengers in a week,\" said Metro Railway deputy general manager Pratyush Ghosh, who expects the number to go up after September 20, when the taxis in the city too join the bandhwagon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460611", "title": "Firstlook of Naagin released", "text": "The firstlook of Bhojpuri movie 'Naagin' is out now. Producer-director Rajkumar Pandey has promised that the movie would surely make new records at the box office.Khesari Lal Yadav, Rani Chatterjee and Monalisa are the stars in the film. The film is made under the banner of Saideep Films. Pappu Khanna is the choreographer while Heera Yadav is has directed fight sequences. Script has been penned down by Manoj Khushwaha and songs have been written by Pyare Lal Yadav.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461824", "title": "Painkiller overuse leads to severe headaches", "text": "Millions of people in the UK suffer from \"completely preventable\" severe headaches caused by taking too many painkillers, experts have warned.The warning came as part of the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence's (NICE) first guidelines for treating headaches.They also recommend acupuncture as a way to treat migraine and tension headaches, the BBC reported.While painkillers would be many people's instant response, they could be making sufferers feel even worse.\"This can end up getting into a vicious cycle where your headache gets worse, so you take more painkillers, so your headache gets worse and this just becomes worse and worse and worse,\" the BBC quoted Prof Martin Underwood, from Warwick Medical School, who led the NICE panel, as saying.However, how painkillers have this effect on the brain is not known yet.Most of the people affected are thought to have started with either everyday, tension-type headaches or migraines. The headaches then became worse as they treated themselves at home.Manjit Matharu, a consultant neurologist at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, said there was a tipping point at 10 to 15 days of using pain relief each month when the drugs became the issue.\"This is a huge problem in the population. The figures in terms of the number of people who have medication overuse headache are one in 50, so that is approximately a million people who have headaches on a daily or near daily basis because they're using painkillers,\" he said.People with a family history of tension-type headaches or migraine may also be genetically more vulnerable to medication overuse headaches. They could be susceptible when taking pain relief even if it is not for headaches.The new guidelines for doctors in England and Wales advise telling sufferers to immediately stop taking all pain relief. However, this will lead to about a month of agony as patients contend with regular headaches without pain relief, until symptoms eventually improve.The guidelines also include a recommendation for acupuncture in patients susceptible to migraine and tension headaches.\"We would expect that to lead to more people getting acupuncture, but given there is good evidence to show this is effective for the prevention of both tension-type and migraine-type headaches then that is a good thing because people are getting access to an effective treatment,\" Prof Martin Underwood said.Doctors have also been asked not to refer patients for brain scans \"solely for reassurance\" that they do not have a brain tumour. The NICE panel said a tumour would come with other symptoms such as a change in behaviour or epilepsy.\"The guideline will assist with accurate diagnosis, appropriate referral and evidence-based information for those with troublesome and disabling headaches,\" said the chief executive of the Migraine Trust, Wendy Thomas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460927", "title": "Vikram Bhatt, Bipasha Basu team up again for next film", "text": "Here's some news that should bring some respite to Bipasha Basu who was hospitalized on Wednesday. Post-Raaz 3 director Vikram Bhatt is frantically scripting a film for Bipasha,a sure sign that she is currently perceived as the female Salman Khan at the box-office.After the success of Raaz 3 Vikram Bhatt is writing another horror-thriller for Bipasha in the central role. This project would be launched as soon the scripting is done. In fact Vikram who was supposed to next direct the true-life medical thriller entitled The Ankur Arora Murder Case has handed over the directorial reins of that project to Suhail Tatari who is currently shooting the thriller with K K Menon, Tisca Chopra and Arjun Mathur in the lead.Vikram has plunged himself headlong into what his team describes as \"a thriller with balls and boobs.\"The problem is how to take Bipasha's image of the demoniacal diva beyond Raaz 3? Says a source close to both Bipasha and Vikram Bhatt, \"Vikram already has a germ of an idea which he will develop on his holiday with his daughter in London and Scotland next week. It will be an out-and-out grey role and will give Bipasha an even more shocking image than Raaz 3. But no, it isn't Raaz 4.\"Confirming on Thursday that Vikram Bhatt is indeed writing a film for her, Bipasha said, \"To be called a 'Tigress' is an amazing compliment. I am out of the hospital. I am much better now. I was suffering from viral fever, exhaustion and had a blackout. Hopefully I'll be fully recovered soon.\"Confirming his plans for Bipasha, Vikram Bhatt said, \"I think I owe to myself and to her to do another film with Bipasha right away. It's amazing how hard she worked on the film and look at the end-results. Like they say, no pain no gain. Both of us have gone through our share of turmoil.\"Vikram is a little baffled at the critical response to Raaz 3 , \"Horror is still regarded as somewhat chee-chee by the elite class. Never mind. Only I know how difficult it is to put together a massy film. Friends who read my blog and columns every week wonder how I could make such a lowbrow film. But believe me; it's far tougher to address yourself to the masses then to the intelligentsia. I am not the least apologetic about my partiality to horror, specially now when Raaz 3 is my producer Vishesh Films, my leading man Emraan Hashmi, my 'Tigress' heroine Bipasha and my biggest hit. We have a lot to be thankful for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16459979", "title": "BSL employees among industrial award winners", "text": "BOKARO: Employees of Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL), a unit of the SAIL, on Monday received the Union labour ministry's Vishwakarma Rashtriya Puraskar (VRP) for their performance.Of the 118 employees who received the award from Union labour and employment minister Mallikarjun Kharge at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Monday, 64 were from the SAIL. The SAIL employees from five of its steel plants - including Bhilai, Bokaro, Rourkela, Durgapur and Salem - bagged 13 awards. SAIL chairman expressed his happiness. \"It is a matter of pride for all of us that more than half of awardees are from SAIL,\" he said.The VRP is awarded in three categories and the winners receive cash prizes of Rs 75,000, Rs 50,000 and Rs 25,000 along with a certificate of merit. In the three catergories, the BSL groups won the award in Class C category,\" said Sanjay Tiwari, chief of communications of BSL.Top BSL officials lauded the performance of their employees who once again bagged pride for SAIL achieving the awardIn In 2010, BSL bagged second position in getting numbers of VRP while in2011 the BSL had bagged the maximum numbers of award as its five groups comprising 27 employees were awarded with VRP. This year the award is won by groups of electrical repair shop- A Ramannama, S N Tiwary, V K Singh, G Manjhi and N K Singh, HRCF- B Sharma, G Mandal, U Kumar, V Mahato and S K Singh and standardisation and computerisation- C Jha and S N Chowdhury. tnnInstituted by the Government of India in 1965, VRP is a national award given every year by the ministry of labour in association with the Directorate General Factory Advice Service and Labour Institutes to workers of industrial undertakings in recognition of their outstanding suggestions leading to cost reduction, improvement in quality, productivity and working conditions such as safety, health and environment conservation in their organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16458939", "title": "State to \u2018modify\u2019 VAT on diesel", "text": "PATNA: In a major move on Tuesday, the state government announced it would \"modify\" the VAT on diesel so as to bring down its selling price in the state. It also OK'd the release of funds for payment of salaries to varsity teachers and non-teaching staff.\"We have decided to modify the prevailing rate of VAT on diesel. The state government will take a decision on the new VAT rate within two days,\" chief minister Nitish Kumar announced after the state cabinet meeting on Tuesday.The cabinet meet approved an education department's proposal to sanction a sum of Rs 1081.69 crore for payment of salaries, dearness allowance and pension of teachers and non-teaching employees of the state's nine universities. It also approved an energy department's proposal to sanction a grant of Rs 680 crore to Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB).\"Of the Rs 680 crore, Rs 540 crore will be paid to the NTPC Ltd to clear its outstanding energy dues while Rs 140 crore will be spent on meeting the BSEB's financial loss and clearing the energy purchase bills of other power-generating organizations,\" cabinet secretariat department's principal secretary Ravikant told newsmen.The meeting also approved another proposal of energy department to provide Rs 26.12 crore as loan to the BSEB during the current financial year for construction of a transmission system for the electricity generated at the Kanti power plant.The cabinet also gave nod to a minor water resources department's proposal to grant administrative approval of Rs 210.33 crore for implementation of 129 irrigation projects in Jamui and Nawada districts under the Centre-sponsored Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme.It also approved a law department's proposal for extension of the Bihar State Law Commission's tenure for another three years effective from September 7, 2012 and appointment of Justice (retd) Abhijeet Sinha as its chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457732", "title": "CPI wants buffer zones around sanctuaries", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa unit of the Communist party of India (CPI) has demanded that the government immediately demarcate the buffer zones around the five wildlife sanctuaries of Mhadei, Netravali, Bhagwan Mahavir, Bondla and Dr Salim Ali Bird Sanctuary, as well as the Mollem National Park.Addressing media persons on Tuesday, CPI general secretary Christopher Fonseca expressed serious concern over the manner in which the nation's natural resource wealth was being appropriated by the iron ore mining companies and demanded that the government takeover the management of all mining leases in Goa.Fonseca also called on the government to nationalize all mining leases in Goa by forming a Goa mining corporation to regulate mining operations in the state, and recover the 35,000 cr loss caused to the state through illegal mining, as reported by the Shah Commission.Fonseca said the Shah commission report has exposed and reaffirmed the illegalities in the mining industry in Goa. \"Due to the sheer volume of turnover and high stakes involved in the industry, the policies of every successive government in Goa, whether BJP or Congress were tailored to benefit a few mining houses,\" Fonseca alleged.He termed the recent decisions of the BJP government to suspend all mining operations in Goa and the subsequent actions of the ministry of environment and forests to cancel all environmental clearances as ploys aimed at gaining political mileage and misleading the people. He noted that the Supreme Court has held that, \"Mines and minerals are the part of the nation's wealth. They constitute the material resources of the community.\"The CPI has decided to hold a mass rally of mine workers in Goa on September 27 to highlight the party's demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456345", "title": "Traffic to be regulated for Ganeshotsav rush", "text": "NASHIK: Vehicles, except those carrying Ganapati idols, will not be allowed between Mico Circle and Modak Circle on Wednesday, it being the first day of the ten-day long Ganesh festival.A directive in this regard has been issued by the city police commissioner as part of preventive measures to avoid traffic congestion on the route.On the backdrop of the Ganesh festival, a large number of stalls of Ganpati idols have been set up on the patch. In view of the rush of devotees to purchase Ganesh idols from the stalls put up opposite Civil Hospital on Nashik-Trimbak Road, it has been decided to ban general movement of vehicles between Mico Circle and Modak Circle. The ban will be effective from 7am to 7pm on Wednesday.Motorists using this route have been appealed to proceed towards Gadkari Signal or CBS from Modak Signal and take the Canada Corner-Old Sharanpur Chowky route to go to other areas. Office-goers in the area have also been asked to take an alternative route during the twelve hours.The ban will not be applicable for vehicles of the police department, ambulances, fire brigade, relatives of patients admitted to Civil Hospital as well as residents of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16459381", "title": "Exclusive: First look of Aaradhya Bachchan", "text": "Aaradhya was on her way to meet her father in the US, when the world descended to take a closer lookWe bring you the first look of Aaradhya Bachchan, ten months after she was born to Aishwarya and Abhishek. The Bachchans have so far been rather protective about Aaradhya. And their bundle of joy has also been a bundle of mystery to their fans and followers. Until now. Evidently, Beti B has been blessed with the best of both her mum's and dad's genes.On her way to meet her father who's busy shooting for Dhoom 3 in Chicago, nestled cozily in her mum's arms, Aaradhya looked slightly uneasy. Perhaps it was because it was late in the night and she and her mum were swarmed by the paparazzi and security personnel. Baby and her mother took a flight to New York at 2.30 am on Tuesday.As this newspaper was the first to report, Ash has to attend an event in New York before she flies to Chicago to be with Abhishek. That is where Aaradhya will be introduced to another star baby, Azad Aamir Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457503", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival: Lucknow gears up to welcome Ganpati Bappa", "text": "LUCKNOW: Wednesday will be an auspicious day for all devotees of Lord Ganesha, as the city would welcome the lord with full religious fervour. The arrival of Ganpati Bappa will also kick start the 10-day celebrations marking Ganesh Chaturthi. Grand celebrations for the festival will be held at Ramadheen Singh Utsav Bhawan. The event is being organised by the Shri Ganesh Prakatya Samiti for the past six years. The idol of Lord Ganesh will be placed here at 9.30 a.m. Decorated with gold and silver ornaments, the idol is made by craftsmen from West Bengal.Samiti's general secretary Satish Agarwal said, \"We are all excited to welcome Ganpati Bappa. Every year, we will clean our house, wear new clothes, and do the sthapana. Flowers, sweets especially modaks will be offered to the devotees.\" Various cultural programmes will also be held. On the occasion, celebrities like Anup Jalota, Sadhna Sargam, Satya Narayan Maurya and the contestants from Sa Re Ga Ma like Vineet, Master Tanmay and others will participate in the festivities.Another function will be organised by the Marathi Samaj at Latouche Road. Here too, the idol of Lord Ganesha will be placed and decorated with flowers, lights and colourful papers. An artist from Sultanpur has been entrusted with the task of beautifying the entire venue. After Lord Ganesh's idol is placed, traditional puja will be performed.Vice-president of Marathi Samaj Suresh Mahavane said, \"Apart from various cultural programmes, people from Bombay and Pune will conduct drama and kirtan. To encourage people to use Marathi language, we will hold calligraphy competition and debate on the role of media in Marathi.\"Oriya Samaj will also celebrate the festival by organising Ganesh Pujan at Ekta Sadan at 6.30pm.Many Marathis and non-Marathis family also celebrate the festival by bringing the idol of Ganpati Bappa to their homes. Jayshree Natu, a lecturer in a college, who is busy in hectic preparations to welcome Lord Ganesh said, \"We have cleaned the house and decorated the place where we will place the idol of Lord Ganesha. We offer modak and panchkhad, a sweet made of coconuts, poppy seeds, sugar, dates and almond to the God.\" Relatives and friends start pouring in and the gaiety marks the whole ambience for the next ten days, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "16458774", "title": "Coptic Christian in Egypt gets jail for anti-Islam rant online", "text": "CAIRO: An Egyptian court has sentenced a Coptic Christian school teacher to six years in jail for posting cartoons on Facebook deemed offensive to Islam and for insulting President Mohamed Morsi and his family.The Sohag misdemeanour court imposed three years jail on Bishoy Kamel for defaming Islam and Prophet Muhammed, two years for insulting Morsi and one year for insulting Mohamed Safwat who made the allegations against him.Members of Al-Jamaa AlIslamiya and various Salafist groups attempted to attack Kamel when he was taken out of the court after receiving his sentence. They pelted stones on the police car used to transport him from the court. The defendant said he did not post the cartoons, claiming his Facebook account had been hacked two days before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16460638", "title": "Anna Hazare meets activists to chalk out future course of action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anna Hazare on Wednesday met activists and experts here to discuss the future course of action of the anti-corruption movement, a day after he made it clear that he was against forming a political party.The meeting was attended by Arvind Kejriwal , Kiran Bedi , Prashant Bhushan, Santosh Hegde, Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas among others.Erstwhile Team Anna is divided over the issue of taking a political plunge.Hazare had on Tuesday made it clear that he does not support the anti-corruption movement taking a political plunge and told Kejriwal that he cannot expect the activist's support for all his candidates.\"I had told Arvind (last month during Jantar Mantar agitation) that if you want to form a party, you go ahead but I will not be part of that,\" he had said on Tuesday.\"It is not that if they have 1,000 candidates, I will support all of them. That will not happen,\" he had said.\"If they want to launch a party, let them do it. We don't bother. We will not go with them. It is not our way... Many people have told me that they want to fight polls.\"I have told them that if you want to fight elections, you go and fight. I am not with you in this,\" he had said in an apparent reference to Kejriwal's team, which published survey results claiming overwhelming support for formation of a party.Explaining his stand against fighting elections, he had said his appeal was that they should not fight elections.\"Whoever wants to fight elections let them. Yes the destination is same but our paths are different. We will not go with those who want to fight elections. Whoever wants to fight elections, let them. We don't bother about it,\" he had said.He had told the gathering that those who do not want to fight elections will have to organise a big movement now, which should be bigger than the August agitation in Ramlila Maidan last year.Hazare said when the issue of forming a party came during last August agitation, he flagged issues about how to select members and candidates for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460570", "title": "Eva Longoria takes a dig at empty chair joke", "text": "Eva Longoria poked fun at actor Clint Eastwood while hosting the ALMA Awards 2012.Eastwood had made a bizarre address to an empty chair at the GOP convention, the Politico reported.\"There is not one empty chair and if there was, Clint Eastwood would be talking about it,\" Longoria said in her opening monologue at the ALMA Awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16457118", "title": "J&K; cabinet reshuffle: Congress to induct fresh faces", "text": "SRINAGAR: Observing that the ruling National Conference is losing ground in the Valley with its poor performance over the past three years, the Congress has moved in a tad aggressively by inducting three MLCs from the Kashmir valley to make them a part of the Omar Abdullah government and hope to improve their showing in the 2014 assembly elections.The J&K; Congress is peeved with Omar for his snatching the portfolios (roads &amp; buildings and education) of its members on \"frivolous\" grounds. As such, the high command is under pressure from the state leaders to restore their share of ministries in the NC-congress coalition, a senior congress leader in New Delhi said.Ashok Bhan, senior Congress leader and the face of Kashmiri Pandits in the party, said members from his community have conveyed their political aspirations to AICC General Secretary Rahul Gandhi. \"They want representation in the ensuing reshuffle so that they feel they are a part of the Kashmir Valley,\" he said.According to sources, Union health minister and former CM Ghulam Nabi Azad and state Congress president Saifuddin Soz have agreed on a reshuffle in the next two weeks. However, Soz opposed retaining G M Saroori as the roads &amp; buildings minister. Saroori was sacked from Omar's cabinet in 2010 after his daughter was allegedly involved in impersonation during a medical entrance test in Jammu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16460703", "title": "SP to decide on strategy tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Wednesday said his party would decide on its strategy on Thursday in the wake of Trinamool Congress withdrawing its support to the UPA government.\"Tomorrow there is a meeting of the Samajwadi Party's parliamentary board. We will take a decision there,\" Yadav said while speaking to reporters outside his residence here.The SP chief made clear that his party would go ahead with its plans to hold demonstrations to oppose the decisions taken by the government.\"There will be opposition in Uttar Pradesh and the entire country. The demonstrations in support of people's issue will happen,\" he said.Yadav also criticised the government, saying its policies had added to the burden of the common man.\"We want that wisdom should dawn upon the government. What have you (the government) given to the people apart from inflation and corruption. There is so much burden on the common man, so much burden on the farmers,\" he added.Asked if the attitude of the central government was coming in the way of its smooth functioning, he said, \"This obstinate attitude, it will only go on to weaken it. Due to this attitude, the Congress party will become very weak\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457032", "title": "'Pothole-filling work unsatisfactory'", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the civic body claims it is ready for the ensuing Ganesh festival, opposition leaders on Tuesday said its pothole filling work was unsatisfactory and far from complete.Raising the issue in the Standing Committee, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Dilip Lande said several spots in the city are yet to be fixed. \"There are so many spots on the main Ganesh routes that are yet to be filled. The cold mix technology that the BMC is using has failed,\" said Lande.Meanwhile the Shiv Sena defended the civic administration saying most work of filling potholes and other preparations had been completed. Sena corporator Shubha Raul said all members of the Dahisar ward committee were happy with the BMC's pothole filling and that the situation was much better than last year.So far, 24,395 potholes have been reported, while 22,061 have been attended to. With no rainfall for the last three days, the BMC had ample time to attend to potholes. Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said the BMC is trying its best to fill potholes as soon as they are reported. \"Over 13,000 citizens clicked photos and uploaded them on the pothole-tracking website. Citizen participation has helped us,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458957", "title": "HC blast: NIA moves court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Investigation Agency has moved Delhi high court against a trial court's decision to drop a charge of 'waging war against India' against an accused in the HC blast case. A bench of justices Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg issued notice to the accused, Wasim Akram Malik, and sought his response by October 16 on the NIA plea.The NIA has sought a direction to the trial court to frame charges against Malik under the harsher penal provision of waging war against India which attracts the maximum punishment of death penalty. \"The special court did not appreciate the fact that in the present case an institution like the Delhi high court was a target of the terror act and as per the appellant's respectful submission , it amounts to waging war against government of India and is punishable under Sections 121 and 121A of IPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457745", "title": "No-detention set to be extended to Class IX", "text": "PANAJI: Class IX students in Goa are likely to be handed the benefits of the no-fail policy which currently, as required by the Right to Education Act, is in force from Classes I to VIII.The Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education is preparing to implement the continuous comprehensive evaluation (CCE) method in Class IX from the current academic year on a trial basis.The board's academic council and executive council recommended that CCE be introduced in Class IX and X from the academic year 2013-14 in a phased manner. The bodies recommended that no-detention policy be followed in Class IX.The board plans to introduce CCE in Class IX from the current academic year and seek feedback from schools to alter the system to the schools' needs when it is brought into force officially in 2013-14. CCE will be implemented in Class X from the following year.CCE system of assessment enables schools to mark students through the year and do away with the pressure of being evaluated only at the time of examination based on the student's ability to remember the syllabus. Students are assessed on co-scholastic areas such as art and craft, their social skills etc under CCE and the evaluation method paves the way for no-fail policy as it focuses on all-round development of the child rather than categorizing them as performers and failures.The 'passing criteria' in the students' report cards will be changed to 'qualifying criteria' to do away with the tag of failures.It has been recommended that co-scholastic assessment of students be carried out twice a year and schools be provided flexibility to select co-curricular activities as per students' needs. The new evaluation method will see introduction of plenty of assignments, activities and presentations.\"A manual on CCE will be prepared for teachers and they will be trained by the state prior to the system's implementation,\" a source said.\"Schools require necessary infrastructure to implement CCE. They should be notified in advance about the requirement of infrastructure. Re-test should be held for students who do no fare well in formative assessment,\" the board suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16459890", "title": "Army personnel donate blood", "text": "MHOW: A blood donation camp was organized at Mhow Military Hospital (MH) on Tuesday, in which 110 army men donated blood for the National Aids Control Organization ( NACO) mobile blood bank.MH commandant Brig I Hajari and Mhow station commander Brig Mukesh Kumar inaugurated the camp on Tuesday morning. MH registrar Col Brijmohan, Col Abraham and a large number of officers, JCOs and Jawans were present in the programme.Similar blood donation programmes were organized at Jabalpur, Bareilly, Agra, Meerut, Dehradun, Roorkee, Danapur, Allahabad and Lucknow. Live footage of the blood donation drives across other cities could be seen with the help of a monitor installed inside the mobile van. First donor of the command's blood donation drive was Lt Gen Chait who donated blood at the Lucknow camp.The camp was organized as a part of a series of programmes held throughout the area of central command (also called Surya command). The command is celebrating its golden jubilee this year. The command has also launched a series of initiatives for the Ex-servicemen ESM) in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455710", "title": "Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad designs social campaign posters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What does absence of 'helmet' mean? It might be 'hell-met.' Complete it with face of an accident victim and one gets an idea of what a bad accident can do. This an example of the public awareness posters that will adorn city hoardings soon.Students of Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (MICA) have developed 38 print-based social campaign posters and two video spots towards creating awareness and addressing social issues including malnutrition, sanitation, female feticide, education, traffic issues and tobacco addiction. These posters have been developed along with District Development Officer (DDO) and will be put up as hoardings all over the city to create awareness.Banchhanidhi Pani, Ahmedabad DDO, visited MICA earlier this year to explore the possibility of involving the institute in social issues. The meeting evolved into collaboration with Crafting Creative Communications (CCC) department of MICA. \"We introduced a new module called Individual Social Responsibility,\" said Pravin Mishra, assistant professor, MICA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16455879", "title": "Chanchalguda jail inmate assaults barber", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Chanchalguda jail barber was assaulted by one of the inmates on Tuesday. This is the third incident of an inmate resorting to violence in the jail in recent days. Sources said, undertrial prisoner Surender became furious with barber Ramesh and beat him up. Prison authorities lodged a complaint with the Dabeerpura police.The barber, who is appointed by the government, visits the prison regularly for the benefit of the prisoners to cut their hair and shave their beards. It is learnt Surender, a habitual offender, hit the barber in a fit of rage after an argument. It may be mentioned that recently, a Nigerian prisoner beat up another undertrial who had gone to sweep the barrack which the Nigerian was sharing with others. Prior to that, another foreign prisoner hit a deputy jailor in the eye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16460225", "title": "Andhra Pradesh to step up coastal security", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to beef up security along the 974-km long coastline of Andhra Pradesh , the state government has decided to set up 15 marine police stations, in addition to the existing six ones and also appoint special police officers in coastal villages.\"In order to strengthen the infrastructure for the coastline patrolling and surveillance, six marine police stations had been established in 2006 in the first phase,\" deputy superintendent of police (DSP) of Marine police C M Naidu said.\"Now, the government is in the process of setting up 15 more marine police stations in the second phase, for which land had already been identified and acquired,\" he added.\"Once these police stations start functioning, we can have a full-fledged coastal security,\" Naidu said.Six marine police stations, each headed by an inspector, have been functioning at Kalingapatnam in Srikakulam district, Rushikonda in Visakhapatnam, Vakalapudi in East Godavari, Gilakaladindi in Krishna district, Suryalanka in Guntur and Dugurajapatnam in Nellore district.\"Though there is a shortage of marine staff, we are ready to tackle any situation on our coastline. Marine police is keeping a constant and strict vigil on the 974-km long coastline spread across nine districts of the state,\" the officer said.To further strengthen the security, there is a proposal to appoint special police officers (SPOs) in coastal villages. \"There were 508 hamlets, known as 'Fishermen's Villages' along the state coastline and the proposal to appoint SPOs in each village has been pending with the Finance Department for approval,\" he said.\"Appointment of SPOs might begin in a month or two. They would act as our eyes and ears and would inform us if they find any suspicious movements along the coast,\" he said, adding that they would first be provided training.Marine police conduct patrolling in deep sea within their jurisdiction in coordination with the Coast Guard, but SPOs will play a major role and keep a constant watch on the coastline activities in their villages, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457392", "title": "BJP mocks SP to do a Mamata", "text": "LUCKNOW: Trinamool Congress (TMC) announcement to walk out on the UPA II government at the Centre has come as a chance for Bharatiya Janata Party to corner Samajwadi Party, which, like the BJP, has called for Bharat Bandh to protest against Centre's nod to foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in retail and reduction of subsidy on LPG cylinders on September 20. BJP is now going to hit out at SP for its \"double standards\", said a senior BJP leader. Former national BJP president Rajnath Singh will be leading the bandh in the state capital on September 20, while state president Laxmikant Bajpayi will hold fort in Ghaziabad. National vice-president of the party Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi will lead the protestors in Kanpur. Rajnath Singh is reaching the state capital on September 19 to launch a 'padyatra' in Aminabad area seeking support of traders.Bajpayi said, by withdrawing support to the UPA, Mamata Bannerjee had kept her promise to the people of her state and now Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party should follow in her footsteps. He said they should either withdraw their support to UPA II or call off their bandh.Anticipating Mulayam continuing support in the name of keeping communal forces at bay, Bajpayi said: \"If Mulayam Singh Yadav comes up with this justification then I want to ask him what was Shiv Sena's support to UPA's presidential candidate.\"However, if SP doesn't take one path, BJP would not hesitated in cornering the ruling party in the state on the issue on September 20, Bajpayi further claimed.With political twists and turns beginning from Tuesday itself, the political temperature may rise to maximum on September 20 when BJP and SP workers will be hitting the streets in support of their parties Bandh call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458608", "title": "Techie's anticipatory bail plea in rape case rejected", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge V V Joshi on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail plea of software engineer Nimesh Sinha in the alleged rape and cheating case of a 40-year-old Bangalore-based professional, an accused in the murder of Delhi-based lawyer Juhi Prasad.However, the court granted anticipatory bail to Nimesh's father Ramesh Nandan Prasad and mother Abha Sinha, both from Bihar , on furnishing personal bonds of Rs 30,000 each with sureties of the amount. They were directed to cooperate with the Wanowrie police when called for investigations.Sinha and his parents had moved the court for bail fearing arrest after police registered a case againstthem according to the Bombay high court's August 31 order.Defence lawyer Viraj Kakade representing the Sinhas pressed for bail as no offence of rape was committed because his client had a live-in relationship with the victim. Kakade argued that there was a delay in lodging the complaint and that nothing was to be seized from his clients.Additional public prosecutor Ashok Mulchandani opposed the bail plea, saying that the custodial interrogation of Nimesh was essential to conduct a probe outside Maharashtra and to recover the victim's credit card and collect evidence against him.The victim's lawyers Vaibhav Jathar and Mudassar Pathan told the court that there is prima facie evidence of rape and cheating against Nimesh. He submitted that the victim had made a complaint of alleged rape to the Gurgaon police in November 2011, but no cognisance of her complaint was taken. He furnished copies of emails sent by Juhi to Nimesh allegedly stating that he had cheated her.The 40-year-old complainant is in judicial custody at Yerawada jail and is alleged to have killed Prasad by setting her ablaze in Sinha's apartment in Wanowrie on October 13, last year.She was working as a manager of a private company in Bangalore and had surrendered before a court on November 15, a month after the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16458464", "title": "Strong-hearted 78-yr-old sails through surgery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kawal Bakshi, 78, has left the doctors awed with her steely resolve to fight cancer. Afflicted with an advance kidney cancer, Kawal with her positive attitude has been able to undergo a major 5-hour surgery despite 15-25% deaths reported during such operations, especially among those who are above 50. \"I am ready to bake cookies for my grandchildren again. I was hopeful of coming out alive after this complicated surgery,\" she said beaming. Doctors attribute the success of surgery to this hope and belief.\"Her cancer had spread in kidney and liver and almost touched her heart. A slight jerk could have burst the 2.5kg cancer ball and resulted in her instant death. More than our expertise, it's the will power and determination of the patient,\" said her surgeon, Priyadarshi Ranjan based in Mohali hospital. When the dreaded word cancer is enough to make anyone jittery, Kawal had faith in treatment and the physicians around. \"Not once any fear passed through my mind. I believe that devotion in anything is the strongest force,\" said Kawal.A day before the surgery Kawal cooked meal for her grandchildren and was certain of baking cookies for them after the operation. \"I was informed about the complications as age was a major disadvantage in my case. But instead of living a long and ailing life, I decided to go under the knife,\" she said.She had never had any surgery except for a knee replacement two years ago. \"She has been very optimistic. She showed no symptom except pain and swellings in the leg when diagnosed with cancer,\" said Sarbpreet Bakshi, her daughter-in-law.Age has made her infirm, but her mind and heart is strong than any other young person. \"When we operated upon her we found her heart was like that of a 25-year-old. It had all arteries unblocked with no signs of surgery\" said Dr Ranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456984", "title": "But why is it dithering over probe requests for 10 years?", "text": "MUMBAI: It's more than a decade, but the home department continues to dither over granting permission to the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) to investigate controversial bureaucrats Ashok Lal and M B Appalwar. The ACB, in view of complaints against them, sought permission on July 26, 2002 (when both were with the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority). Till date, the ACB has not received any communication from the department.As per information on the ACB's website, Lal and Appalwar are not the only ones. There are 43 more. \"We feel it is wrong of the home department to hold on to our proposals for so long. It should take a decision either way so that a bureaucrat can decide on the future course of action,\" a senior IPS officer said.There is also veteran legislator Ram Prasad Bordikar, who was involved in irregularities in the Parbhani District Central Cooperative Bank. The ACB sought permission for an open inquiry against him on March 13, 2003. Permissions were also sought for inquiries against medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, trustees of the MIG Club, high ranking officials of Mhada, senior bureaucrat Prakash Sabde, former Nashik municipal commissioner Bhaskar Sanap, former Akola municipal commissioner Laxmikant Deshmukh, officials involved in the allotment of land to the Nyaysagar Cooperative Housing Society, senior police inspector Sunil Ghosalkar (thus coming under home department) and officials involved in the promotion of state cadre officers into the Indian Administrative Service .Significantly, there is lack of clarity about the process of granting permission for launching prosecution in such cases. \"Our information is that well over 70 cases are pending before the government. Prima facie, it appears that a section of senior officials have succeeded in stalling the entire process. It's time the government stepped in. It should adopt the system approved by the Centre,\" the IPS officer said.He said the Centre had approved a system of granting permission by a deeming provision: if no permission is received within a stipulated period, it is regarded as deemed. \"The ACB cannot wait for a prolonged period. If a state department is unable to grant permission either for prosecution or open probe within three months, then it should be assumed that permission is granted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16457963", "title": "Pregnant woman dies of swine flu", "text": "NAGPUR: A pregnant woman who passed away on Sunday after being admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) was found to be suffering from swine flu. Another man, who is still in hospital, has also tested positive for the disease. The results of both blood samples reached the hospital on Tuesday, along with those of eight others, who were suspected to have the infection but tested negative.On Monday, GMCH had sent ten samples to be tested at National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune. Twenty-two-year-old Ujwala Ramteke became the third person to succumb to the disease since April. The Bhandara resident was admitted to the hospital on Friday and was undergoing treatment. She passed away on Sunday morning.The other person who tested positive is a 45-year-old man from Dahegaon village of Saoner. Currently, the swine flu ward of GMCH has six patients, all of whom are stable and recovering well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16461532", "title": "Huawei may launch India's first 4G phone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Huawei, the China-based telecom giant, said that it was testing a 4G phone on Airtel's network and might launch the device as early as December.\"The actual launch date depends on the network service provider, which in this case is Airtel. But we are ready with our phone ( Ascend P1 LTE). If operator is ready, we can launch the phone by the end of this year,\" said Victor Shanxin, president for Huawei devices in India. He did reveal any expected price that consumers would have to pay for the phone.Airtel had launched 4G, also called Long Term Evaluation (LTE), in Kolkata and Bangalore earlier this year. But the service is only available through USB dongles and doesn't work with any phone yet. In May this year, Airtel had appointed Huawei to plan, design, supply and deploy its LTE network in Karnataka.Talking to TOI, Shanxin said the company had big plans for India. \"Until now we were doing most of our business through tie-ups with operators. But now we plan to focus on the open market,\" said Shanxin. \"By the end of the next year we hope to have at least 5% market share in India, with smartphones making up for the majority of our sale.\"Shanxin said that Huawei was investing in its infrastructure in India. \"We have a local R&D; center where we develop services that are relevant locally. For example on our phones we offer cloud services that are relevant to Indian users. We are also quietly building a supply network before we decide to market ourselves better so that when people see our devices in advertisements and want to buy them, they can do so easily,\" he said.Huawei, which is primarily known for making telecom equipment and communication gear, in the recent years has tried to diversify its business. It has used Android operating software to enter smartphone market and with its manufacturing prowess has managed to become of the top smartphone makers in the world. According to Gartner, Huawei sold more phones in 2011 compared to companies like Motorola and Sony Ericsson .Shanxin, however, added that Huawei would not enter into price war with local Indian players like Micromax and Karbonn Mobiles.He said that Indian phone makers cut too many corners in a bid to lower the prices. \"Yes, we will sell affordable products. But we want to focus on quality. We want people to use Huawei devices and then do business with us again. If we cannot make a good tablet for Rs 10,000 we will not make it. Low prices are secondary for us,\" he said.Shanxin also criticized local phone makers for not doing their own R&amp;D.; He said that Indian phone market was similar to that of China and eventually customers would select quality over low prices. \"In the beginning, companies in China too sold sub-standard devices at low price but now people are willing to pay a little extra for better user experience,\" he said. \"The same would happen in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16460890", "title": "High hopes pinned on national junior champ", "text": "LUDHIANA: City's judo champ Rahul Chaudhary from the Sports Authority of India centre will soon fight bouts at the junior Asian Judo Championship in Chinese Taipei, beginning September last week. The 19-year-old judoka is preparing for the championship at a national camp going on in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh (UP) these days.While Rahul is away in UP, his coach Rakesh Singh says the youngster carved his place in the national judo team for the tournament after clinching the gold in the national judo meet held at Agra in February. 'He has been honing his skills at the national camp since August, along with eight other judokas, who will represent the country at the championship,' says Singh. Before becoming the junior national champ, Rahul had won gold medals in junior National Judo Championship, Karnataka, in 2011, in CBSE north zone-II judo competition held at Hisar and in the CBSE national judo meet held at Sonipat. 'His flexibility and stamina that will take him a long way if he keeps his cool during the matches,' adds Singh. The SAI centre is expecting their ward to bring laurels for the country, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16459952", "title": "125 explosive devices found in Khunti district", "text": "RANCHI: Khunti police were successful in averting a major crime by Naxalites. Policemen recovered a huge booty of improvised explosive devices mainly 125 IEDs of which 23 were 10 kg each. They unearthed all the 125 IEDs safely. As many as 102 bombs planted in series were 2 kg each.Khunti SP M Tamil Vanam said police had secret news about bombs being planted in Bond Road under Rania police station. \"We were collecting more information and raided the area with precaution on Monday afternoon,\" Vanam said, adding, \"The IEDs were planted almost a month ago and were placed deep inside the forest.\"Policemen later recounted the peril they went through. \"Since the IEDs were recovered from a remote place, CRPF and district police together in huge numbers raided those areas. If bombs were not diffused on time and if triggered, there could have been massive casualty of security forces,\" said a police officer accompanying the raid team.About plans for carrying out anti-naxal operations in the region, Vanam said they are conducted all over the district and Long Range Patrolling is a regular routine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458470", "title": "Green village plan a big hit in division, claims Patil", "text": "NAGPUR: The state rural development ministry's Paryavaran Santulit Samruddhi Gram Yojana (eco-friendly village prosperity scheme) launched two years ago on the occasion of state's golden jubilee celebrations has started showing good results, rural development minister Jayant Patil claimed here on Tuesday. Nagpur division has topped in the scheme with over one crore saplings planted in its six districts, he said.Besides tree plantation, the green village plan also envisages participation of gram panchayats in a plethora of activity, including tax collection, cleanliness, building toilets to end open defecation. All of these attract incentives for villages by way of increased development funding. Of the 3704 gram panchayats in Nagpur division, in the inaugural year of the plan (2010-11), 2274 participated actively and successfully carried out all set tasks to qualify for incentives. In 2011-2012, of the 2274, 1523 achieved the set targets and won incentives to the tune of Rs 65.50 crore. Thus, Nagpur division topped in getting the incentive amount based on its good performance.Encouraged by the success, a target of planting 4.55 crore plants has been set for the current year for the state. In 2010, 5.95 crore saplings were planted and in the year after that 3.25 crore saplings were planted, he said. Another positive outcome of the scheme was that house tax and water cess collection in the villages has jumped from 30% to 80%. This helped garnering much needed revenue for village development and has thus encouraged more public participation as the villagers could see its tangible results in better roads and infrastructure. Toilets were also built in 60% villages.In the current year, green village scheme work has been included in Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee scheme. Works of setting up new nurseries, digging holes for planting saplings, building fences to protect plants, and watering the plants would be part of MREGS.Pimpalgaon village in Desaiganj taluka of Gadchiroli district has bagged a prize under Yeshwant Panchayat Raj Abhiyan. Nagpur division has also fared well in Indira Awas Yojana and Ramai housing schemes providing 22,863 houses for the poor families. The division also exceeded the target of spending under the MREGS as Rs 375 crore were spent against the target of Rs 374 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16458073", "title": "It's important for automobile industry to innovate and use new strategies", "text": "The automobile industry has taken a battering of late. But rather than just pleading for help from policymakers, it's important for industry to innovate and use new strategies. The slew of car launches at entry-level prices lined up is a good sign as it shows a willingness to proactively lure consumers back and provide value for money. Hopefully, the expected fall in interest rates will further boost sales.Related story:  Entry-level cars to flood market", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455489", "title": "Builder who accused MLA of extortion goes missing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The hunt for a missing builder who had accused BJP MLA Bharat Barot of extortion has made no headway. Mita Patel, the builder's wife, told TOI on Tuesday: \"We have filed a missing person's application at Meghaninagar police station. However, no action has been taken in the issue. We have now begun searching for him on our own. He was disturbed after the incident as he was getting threats. We are worried for his safety.\"Relatives of Meghaninagar-based builder, Ghanshyam Patel, had filed a missing person's report on Monday night.Patel was reported missing on Sunday after he had given affidavit to the city police against Bharat Barot, Dariapur MLA, and Mahesh Lodha, BJP corporator, alleging that the duo demanded Rs 2 crore from him.A Meghaninagar police official said: \"We are using human and digital surveillance to know his whereabouts. Family members have also attached the affidavit as the suspected reason for his disappearance. We are looking at all the angles at the moment.\"On Sunday, Patel, a resident of Ashishnagar, Meghaninagar, gave an affidavit to the city police commissioner naming Barot and Lodha for extortion. Patel had affirmed that the duo was threatening to disrupt his commercial scheme, which is coming up at Maheshwari Mill compound in Shahibaug, if he did not pay up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456627", "title": "Inter-ministerial group for de-allocation of another block, revocation of bank guarantee of two others", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inter-ministerial group on Tuesday recommended de-allocation of Macherkunda coal block in Jharkhand and deduction of bank guarantee of two coal blocks -- one given to Congress MP Naveen Jindal's JSPL and the other allocated to Corporate Ispat of Abhijeet Group headed by Manoj Jayaswal.Macherkunda was allocated to Bihar Sponge Iron Ltd in 2008.The bank guarantee of Jitpur block in Jharkhand, allocated to JSPL in 2007, and Chitarpur North in Jharkhand, given to Corporate Ispat in 2005, will stand forfeited.The government on Tuesday also accepted IMG's recommendation made on Saturday to de-allocate three more coal blocks including one given to SKS Ispat and Power Ltd in which tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai's brother has a link, and another jointly allotted to Jindal Steel Works.The IMG had also recommended de-allocation of New Patrapara coal block allotted to Bhushan Steel Ltd.The government also approved deduction of bank guarantees in the cases of Nerad Malegaon block jointly allotted to Gupta Metaliks and Gupta Coalfields Ltd, Lohari block allotted to Usha Martin, Radhikapur East block allotted to Tata Sponge Iron and others, and Bijahan block allotted to Bhushan Ltd.With this, eight coal blocks have been de-allocated by the government due to insufficient progress and failure to meet milestones. Bank guarantees in nine cases have been forfeited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16455654", "title": "I-League clubs to get fourth foreigner", "text": "PANAJI: The I-League committee of the All India Football Federation has recommended to the executive committee that clubs be allowed to use all four foreign players in the I-League.The AIFF, for the moment, allows clubs to register four foreign players in the I-League but only three are allowed to take the field. The fourth foreigner is left on the substitutes' bench and can enter the field only at the cost of another foreign player.The AIFF, like several other national associations in Asia, has enforced the plus one foreign quota, which permits three unrestricted foreign places plus one player from another Asian country including Australia.\"There has been a demand from several clubs to allow the use of all four foreign players. We agree with that but the final decision will have to be taken by the executive committee,\" a member of the I-League committee told TOI after the meeting in the Capital on Tuesday.The committee is also understood to be in favour of allowing clubs to replace a foreign player with another foreign player in the second international transfer window that opens in January. The existing rule states that clubs can replace any one of their foreign player only if he suffers extensive injury and is certified by the AIFF's panel of doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "16455847", "title": "IPL franchise owners line up to buy hockey league teams", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: Corporate giant India Cements, owner of Chennai Super Kings team in the Indian Premier League, is all set to make a foray into hockey now.Sources in the know said late on Tuesday that the company, owned by BCCI president N Srinivasan, is close to signing a deal with Hockey India to buy the Chennai franchise of the Hockey India League (HIL) which will be played in January-February next year. The deal is likely to be finalised by the end of this week.It has also been learnt that two other IPL team owners are in the race to buy the sixth and last hockey league franchise up for sale.\"Negotiations are on with Kolkata Knight Riders' owner Shah Rukh Khan as well as Mumbai Indian owners Mukesh Ambani to buy the last franchise which in all likelihood will be Mumbai,\" the source said.India Cements had received a proposal from Hockey India to buy its Chennai franchise some days ago but nothing was finalized until early Tuesday as the top management of the India Cements was caught in two minds over investing in a sport like hockey which has lost some ground in the country after the London Games.Sources said the talks between Indian Cements and Hockey India are now on right track. \"The discussion is going and I don't think it'll fall through. As far as I'm concerned, India Cements will agree to buy the Chennai franchise,\" a source said.It has been learnt that IPL chairman Rajiv Shukla, who is also a board member of the HIL, has played a key role in trying to convince India Cements to join the hockey fold.ALL YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT HILFormat of the tournamentSix teams will play on home-and-away basis before the play-offs with a total of 33 matches in 2013The team topping the league will be rewarded with a place in the finalThe teams finishing third and fourth will play the first play-off game and the winner will meet the team finishing second in the league for a place in the final.PlayersThere will be 144 players in six teams of 24 eachThere will be a maximum of 10 overseas players in each team90 Indian players, including all those who were part of the squad that played in the Olympic Games, have signed up for next month's players ' auctionFranchiseesSahara India: Lucknow Jaypee Group: Punjab Patel-U niexcel Group: Ranchi Wave Group: DelhiTwo other franchisees will be revealed in the coming daysBroadcast partnerESPN Star Sports is the broadcast partner for five yearsFIH supportWorld body has created a window for HIL in January-February each yearWill help in the technical conduct of the Hockey India League event", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460171", "title": "Rajapaksa visit: MP-bound MDMK workers likely to be arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government, acting on an intelligence tip off that MDMK general secretary Vaiko and hundreds of supporters would enter the state from Nagpur to protest the arrival of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajpaksa, has deployed heavy police force at Pandurna, the bordering town in Chhindwara district on Tuesday. State police is gearing up to arrest the protestors as soon as they step into the state territory.With the presence of about 1000 police personnel, including special armed forces jawans and a temporary jail, Pandurna now resembles a garrison.Vaiko, who holds Rajapaksa responsible for the killing of Tamils in Sri Lanka , is protesting against his visit to Sanchi to lay the foundation of the Buddhist Centre. He has threatened to show black flags to Rajapaksa during his visit to MP.The MDMK leader is learnt to have left for Bhopal with his supporters in about 40 buses, sources said.According to intelligence inputs, Vaiko might reach Sanchi by taking Pandurna - Betul - Bhopal route. There is also a possibility that he might take Pandurna-Chhindwara-Sagar-Vidisha route to finally reach Sanchi.Jabalpur divisional commissioner Dipak Khandekar, inspector general of police Madhukumar, Chhindwara collector Mahesh Chand Chaudhary and superintendent of police Purshottam Sharma have reached Pandurna to take a stock of the situation. All attempts to contact Choudhary failed.Meanwhile, security has been ramped up in and around Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's official residence here given that the state government has invited Rajapaksa to lay foundation stone of Buddhist study centre at Sanchi in neighbouring Raisen district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16460260", "title": "UGC NET results declared, 43,000 qualify the exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 43,957 of the 5,71,627 candidates who sat for National Eligibility Test (NET) in June have qualified the examination, the result of which was announced on Tuesday.Of the total qualified candidates, 3,625 candidates have qualified for Junior Research Fellowship.The minimum qualifying criteria for general category candidates was 65 per cent, for OBC it was 60 per cent and 55 per cent for SC/ST and candidates with disability.UGC, which conducts the test to qualify as a lecturer, had uploaded the answer keys and question papers on its website and invited online feedback from the candidates. The answer keys were re-examined and updated wherever necessary before finalisation of the result, said UGC in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457138", "title": "Juhu school gets panel notice for 'harassing' child", "text": "MUMBAI: After TOI wrote about a Juhu school that had allegedly asked a student to withdraw admission because she changed her residence, the student is now being reportedly denied her school-leaving certificate (LC).\"I decided to shift my daughter to a boarding school in Panchgani only because the school authorities insisted her admission be withdrawn because she changed her residence,\" said Aarti B (name changed).The student's parents are currently going through a divorce and the custody battle is under way in court. According to Aarti, the school refused to furnish the LC after the child's father wrote to the school to stop the procedure. \"He also went to the extent of writing to the boarding school authorities not to accept my daughter's admission,\" added Aarti. Despite repeated attempts, school principal Mitali Rudra was unavailable for comment. To seek relief, Aarti also took the matter to court and on August 3, a Nagpur court ordered the school to release the LC by August 10. However, the child's father asked the court to review the order. On Tuesday, MSCRC officials said since there is no stay on the August 3 order, the school will have to act on the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16460062", "title": "Three held for NH-75 robbery attempt", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A team of policemen headed by Kuru PS officer-in-charge Patras Nag nabbed three out of the five armed road robbers who planned robbery on Sunday night at NH-75 on Ranchi-Daltonganj Road near Tiko Kumba Toli. Two managed to escape. A country made gun was seized from their possession.DSP (headquarters) A K Jha in a press conference on Monday said Praveen Lakra alias Dhelva of Pachamba, Chandwa in Latehar, Sindhu Nayak of Tiko Kumba Toli and Sabu Sain of Masjid More, Kuru were nabbed along with a country made gun while two of their companions Soma Oraon of Pachamba and Mujibul Ansari of Sarna Toli, Chiri, Kuru escaped.\"Patras Nag had fired at the same group of criminals on July 12 but they escaped. This was when they were trying to loot vehicles on the NH near Keredari More. Police had registered a case against them under various sections of IPC and Arms Act. It is a big achievement for the police and will give some assurance to the passengers traversing NH-75,\" Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458843", "title": "NHAI, contractor sign pact to end Gurgaon e-way jams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expect major changes on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway soon. After several flip flops, the highways authority, expressway contractor and the project financier have agreed to introduce a slew of time-bound measures for improving traffic flow on the stretch, besides improving safety.Having reached the settlement out of court, the National Highways Authority of India told Delhi High Court on Tuesday that it would withdraw its order terminating the contract with Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL). The project's lead lender, Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd , also signed the memorandum of understanding before the court.E-way makeoverTouch card tech in 4 monthsFree tags within 15 days; discount for local trafficMinimum trips cut from 60 to 40 for monthly discountToll collection via hand-held devices within 15 daysToll plaza to be expanded by 4 lanes on Delhi side in 4 months, 7 lanes on Gurgaon side in 9 monthsMove to make monthly recharge 33% cheaperWhile the MoU provisions will take effect in the medium to long term, NHAI, DGSCL, Haryana government departments and Gurgaon police will meet on Wednesday to discuss immediate improvements in toll plaza functioning . These initiatives would be put before the Punjab and Haryana high court, which is hearing a separate case and had barred the operator from collecting toll for two weeks as a penalty for not doing enough to prevent traffic jams at the toll plaza.At the Delhi high court, Justice S Murlidhar accepted the submissions of the parties and disposed of the petition filed by DGSCL challenging NHAI's contract termination order.\"With the signing of the MoU, it is understood by the parties that the termination notice of December 7, 2011 and the subsequent termination order of February 18, 2012 issued by NHAI to the concessionaire stands withdrawn,\" the court said.As per the MoU, DGSCL shall implement touch card technology at its own cost within four months and a \"minimal\" price would be fixed for these cards by NHAI or an independent consultant. This price, it is hoped, would be a deterrent against \"misuse of the card\".DGSCL shall also provide free e-tags so that more local commuters - both on personal and commercial vehicles - can avail of discounts. Ideally, about 70-80 % traffic should be on tag/electronic mode for smooth traffic flow across toll plazas. At present, however, about 2.2 lakh units of tolled vehicles cross the 32-lane toll plaza that witnesses massive jams, and only 30% are on tag mode.DGSCL has also agreed to reduce the minimum number of trips from 60 to 40 for those looking to avail of the monthly discount. This means monthly recharge will reduce by almost 33%. To improve traffic clearance, the concessionaire shall also implement tolling though hand-held devices at its own cost.Another key provision of the understanding is to expand the toll plazas by creating provisions of additional lanes. At the 32-lane plaza, additional lanes would be created at a distance from the existing toll plaza so that a couple of signal free lanes will lead the traffic to multiple toll lanes for faster clearance. Eleven lanes shall be added to this plaza and these have to be completed in two instalments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16457767", "title": "Sarpanch declared ineligible still in office", "text": "JAISALMER: Despite a court declaring the sarpanch of Mohangarh village in Jaisalmer district, Hasam Khan, ineligible for the post as he has three children, the state government is yet to take any action against him. As per norms, only a person having not more than two children is eligible for sarpanch's post.While the district administration says that the right to dismiss the sarpanch is with the panchayati raj department and that it has sent the entire case to the state government, the villagers of Mohangarh have sent a memorandum to the chief minister seeking an early action in this regard.On September 10, chief judicial magistrate V K Soni had declared sarpanch Hasam Khan ineligible for the post for having three children and ordered his immediate removal.District collector Shuchi Tyagi had sent the copy of the order to the chief executive officer of zila parishad, Baldev Singh, and directed him to take necessary action. The zila parishad then sought guidance from the panchayati raj department. Tyagi said that despite the court order, the district administration does not have the power to declare the election of sarpanch ineligible and to remove him from the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458580", "title": "Loyola high school wins quiz competition", "text": "PUNE: The team from Loyola High School bagged the rolling trophy and also received individual prizes in the Petit Quest Fest Inter-School Quiz Competition 2012, organised by the J N Petit Technical High School recently. Vidya Valley School was the runner up.There were 11 competing teams from schools in and around Pune and the quiz was conducted in two phases. The first being the written elimination round in which the six top scoring teams qualified. These were Don Bosco High School, Loyola High School, Vidya Valley School, Sardar Dastur Nosherwan Girl's High School, Kalmadi Shamarao High School and Symbiosis Secondary School. The six teams were named after famous explorers. The second phase was the quiz which had seven rounds based on different aspects like language, literature, sports etc. and the audience round.Sarva Dharma SabhaA Sarva Dharma Sabha was organized at the Orbis School recently to promote secularism, peace, harmony and love among people. The assembly began with prayers of all religions. Focus was on fostering pride in our vibrant composite culture and nationhood. The main teachings of all religions along with their prayers, symbols and way of life were explained to students. The 'Sabha' ended with a question-answer session. An oath to respect all religions was taken by all students.Annual day function held at Vikhe Patil schoolThe annual day function and prize distribution ceremony of Vikhe Patil memorial school was held recently at the Yashwantrao Chavan auditorium in Kothrud. The chief guest for the occasion was Suhas Divase, deputy commissioner (revenue) of Pune division. After lighting the traditional lamp and the felicitation of the chief guest by chairman Ashok Patil, the cultural programme began with a Ganesh Stuti, comprising five dance forms by students of std VIII. The choir presented songs, including a rousing rendition of Adiemus and O Fortuna. The Hindi play- 'Mehnat Hi Bhagwan Hai' gave the message that the fruits of hard work are always sweet. Students of std IX portrayed the importance of friendship through a dance which they had choreographed themselves.Students of senior secondary school presented a dance depicting world harmony by combining various dance forms namely hip hop, salsa, freestyle and contemporary. The concept of emotional intelligence was presented by the students of Std IX through the Navrasa dance depicting the nine sentiments such as love, peace, heroism, pity, anger, fear, joy, wonder and disgust.The trials and tribulations of mothers and their need for recognition and equal treatment was presented through the play 'Mother's Day' by students of the senior secondary section. Students of std X danced to the theme of racial equality and the need to eradicate racism. The show concluded with the students singing 'We are the world'.Students make Ganesh idolsStudents of Abhinav Education Society's english medium school and junior college made idols for the upcoming Ganesh festival as part of an art and craft workshop held in the school recently. The secondary school students made 450 eco-friendly idols. Principal Sunita Sharma too joined in the activity. All the idols are on display at the school hall. Students learnt a lot about the making of idols and painted them with charcoal and water colours.Akshara school students visit science trainThe students of Akshara International School, Wakad, visited the \"Science express biodiversity special train\" which was stationed at Khadki station for three days. The coaches of the train hosted exhibitions highlighting biodiversity across the bio-geographic zones in the country along with many student-friendly science laboratories.Meanwhile, an international concept has been introduced at the Akshara International School since the beginning of the current academic session. Once in a month, every member of Akshara school has been engaged in reading suitable material for 45 minutes. The readily available material, may it be a newspaper, magazine, story book, comic, etc is kept handy and at the gong of the bell, every member of the school starts reading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455600", "title": "World hailed his experiments at zoo", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"David, our country is proud of you,\" said the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi as she walked up to Reuben in March 1975 - the day he was awarded the Padma Shri at the Rashtrapati Bhavan. It was an honor that Reuben had won for his mute friends back at the Hill Gardens zoo. They were the big gang of 450 mammals, 2,000 birds, 140 reptiles and 200 men, all tightly knit in a 31 acre space packed with a lot of imagination.\"Reuben was a fighter all his life. He had cancer of the voice box due to excessive smoking. The doctors had said he would live for just three months. He lived for 20 years. He loved his animals and will not leave them for a day,\" says Reuben's daughter and author Esther David.At this point in time, the Kankaria zoo - which was now the Kamala Nehru zoo - was at its zenith and was designated Asia's best zoo. Reuben's experiments with breeding in captivity for conservation had earned him a name around the world. The birth of water monitors was an international record, the inbreeding of flamingoes was Asia's first. Further the breeding of pythons, crocodiles, bearcats and wild asses in captivity in Ahmedabad zoo was rare and studied across the world. Similar were his experiments with crossbreeding for saving a population of animals. He crossbred an Alsatian with a wolf, a zebra with a wild ass. His other collections were albinos (white), like the rhesus monkey , spotted deer, white blackbuck, jungle babbler, bush-quail, chinkara and common palm civet. His dream project 'Balvatika'- the children's garden - was an open textbook of wildlife imparting visual education about the rich fauna to children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "16457834", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi utsav: Traditions thoda hatke in Pernem", "text": "MANDREM: While it is customary to worship an idol of Lord Ganesha under the matoli (canopy) during Ganesh Chaturthi, Pernem taluka has exceptions to the rule.The Chodankar family in Chopdem installs and worships the idols of Shankar-Parvati (Ganesha's parents). Eknath Chodankar says it traces to 300 years ago when the family did so at Guddem-Siolim. After liberation a branch of the family settled in Chapora and began worshipping an idol of Ganesha. They were wiped out by a disease. On the advise of an ascetic, the rest of the family reverted to and maintain to date the ancestral tradition.In Kacholiwada-Morjim, two Ganesha idols, instead of one, are installed and worshipped under one matoli at the home of Sadanand Shetgaonkar. He says this family tradition is 66 years old. The reason for it is unknown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16460712", "title": "Former Maoist seeks admission in Ranchi univ, become a prof to become a lecturer", "text": "RANCHI: Madhup Munda alias Rohit Munda, a former Maoist of Kundan Pahan's group, who surrendered himself to police on June 12, 2011 with the hope of getting a better future arrived at Ranchi University on Tuesday under police custody to take admission in postgraduate course of Mundari language. Munda said, \"I received first division in all the examinations from matriculation and intermediate to graduation so Kundan Pahan made me join his group promising a better life as he only appoints studious people. When I realized what I was doing was wrong, I surrendered.\"After spending a year in the lock up, Munda realised he should continue with his studies. \"I want to study further and become a lecturer at some college. This way I will not just teach students but will also promote my mother tongue,\" he said.Ram Kishan Munda, Madhup's father, who accompanied him to the university said, \"I will be happy when my son finishes his course. He had been branded a Naxalite and his future was dark but now we do see a ray of hope.\"City SP Vipul Shukla said ones who have surrendered and wants to continue with studies can definitely do so. \"I don't know about this particular case but usually those who take admission are either out on bail or they take special permission from the court to continue education,\" he said.The pro vice-chancellor of Ranchi University, V P Sharan said they are ready to help anybody who wants to excel in education without taking into account their background or criminal records. \"If a person is eligible and will be able to attend classes we will definitely give admission,\" he said, adding, \"Soon distance learning courses will begin too and jail inmates will be able to study without attending class. We are making a proposal which will be submitted to HRD. When it is approved anybody will be able to sit for examination without attending classes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458469", "title": "Railway staffers protest mess at hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: The National Railway Mazdoor Union (NRMU) has protested the apathy of the administration in improving the health of the Central Railway Hospital at Nagpur.On Tuesday, NRMU staged a protest against the closure of counters on Monday and then X-ray department on Tuesday. Many patients had to return without undergoing treatment. According to divisional secretary of NRMU Habib Khan, the hospital has 22 posts of doctors but it doesn't have ENT, chest and skin specialists, There is also no psychiatrist.Over 24 posts of paramedical staff including X-ray technicians, pharmacists, nursing, health inspectors, and clerks are lying vacant. There is also a shortage of life saving drugs, Khan alleged.\"When we raised the issue with chief medical superintendent (CMS) he told us there is a shortage of paramedical staff and hence the problem,\" said Khan.CMS Dr C N Piprikar said counters and X-ray machine were non-functional as there was tiff between one of the patients and an attendant. He admitted that there was no radiographer at the hospital to handle X-ray machine.On the shortage of paramedical staff, CMS said the issue had been solved eight selected candidates reported for medical examination. A senior personnel department official, who did not wish to be quoted, said the problem at the hospital is not related to appointments. \"Call letters have been issued to 18 candidates and we expect them to join soon,\" he added.Many railway employees, who come from remote stations complained they suffered as medicines were supplied to them for a short period. They have to come frequently at Nagpur. They also complained about huge gap in demand and supply. Khan alleged there were also no security guards posted at the hospital despite demand at various forums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16457938", "title": "Railway projects in state on PMO radar", "text": "PATNA: The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) recently reviewed the progress of pending railway projects, including the ones proposed in Bihar, at a meeting with railway minister Mukul Roy and Railway Board officials. The meeting is being seen as a step towards turning around the cash-strapped railways.According to Railway Board sources, 340 and odd railway projects, including laying of new rail lines, have been pending across the country. A sum of Rs 1.25 lakh crore is needed to execute them.The PMO evinced keen interest in, among other projects, the dedicated freight corridor (DFC) and the locomotive factories to be set up at Madhepura and Marhaura in Bihar. The two locomotive factories, to come up under public-private partnership (PPP) mode, figured prominently at the meeting though the two projects have been languishing since 2007. \"We have now decided to complete them on priority basis. The pre-qualification for these two locomotive units has already been prepared by the railways,\" a Board official said.The sources said the railways intends to set up an electric locomotive factory at Madhepura at a cost of Rs 1284 crore and a diesel locomotive factory at Marhaura in Saran district at a cost of Rs 2025 crore. The production at these factories will be of big help to the railways which will need more diesel and electric locomotives by 2020 after completion of the DFC routes on both eastern and western ends.The meeting also discussed an ambitious station development project. To start with, the railways intends to execute the station development plan at four or five stations under the PPP mode. \"We will also ensure that the facilities under 'Adarsh' station scheme are provided at each station falling under the East Central Railway in Bihar,\" the Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16460010", "title": "State for policy changes to clear projects in 90 days", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government's monitoring committees alone will not help the realization of projects envisioned at the Emerging Kerala meet, though it is perceived as the first step to ensure that projects are cleared within the stipulated timeframe of 90 days. Investors are looking forward to the government making some drastic policy changes.\"With the existing policy, it is impossible to get project clearance within 90 days as a project has to obtain clearance from various agencies such as fire service, pollution control, environment ministry and the local body concerned. Now, the government will effect legal policy changes so that all clearances for a project will be obtained through coordination among departments through a single window,\" said a senior official of Kerala State Industries Development Corporation (KSIDC).\"Efforts are on for an effective online single window clearance system soon. Government has plans to change the certification validity period from one year to three according to the project feasibility,\" said general manager of Kerala Bureau of Industrial Promotion S Santhosh.State planning board member G Vijayaraghavan said: \"The investment promotion board will evaluate the listed projects. It will call for detailed project reports from entrepreneurs that will be examined by department officials, who can raise concerns within 30 days . It will then be forwarded to the investment clearance board for obtaining all clearances within 30 days.\"Additional chief secretary (industries) V Somasundaran told TOI on Tuesday that policy changes can be expected only after a detailed review of all projects. Chief minister Oommen Chandy , while announcing the formation of monitoring committees, said relaxation of any kind will be granted only after examining the project in detail. \"If an investor offers to provide 100 employment opportunities but demands large quantity of land, it can't be approved. Hence, we need a project-wise examination,\" he said.Former finance minister Thomas Isaac said the government needs to conduct an environment impact assessment study before attracting investments for mega projects. \"Many big projects, proposed at the summit, will need approvals from the Union ministry of environment and forests. So there is no question of getting approvals within 90 days,'' he said.Isaac said that the investment board will ensure that all projects are reviewed properly and implemented on time. \"We will keep a close watch on each proposal and will register our protest if any of them has an anti -development agenda,\" he said.THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government constituting monitoring committees alone will not help the realisation of projects envisioned at the Emerging Kerala Summit, though it is perceived as the first step to ensure that projects are cleared in the stipulated time frame of 90 days. The investors and policy makers are looking forward for some drastic policy level changes by the government through amendments in the existing policies which may boost investor morale.\"In the existing policy, it's impossible to get project clearance within 90 days, as a project has to obtain clearance from various agencies such as Fire Service, Pollution Control, Environment Ministry and submitted to the concerned Panchayat or local body to obtain clearance. Now, the government is set to make amendments through legal policy changes so that all clearances for a project will be obtained in coordination between departments through a single window,\" said a senior official of Kerala State Industries Development Corporation (KSIDC).Work is also on for an effective online single window clearance system soon, said S Santhosh, general manager of Kerala Bureau of Industrial Promotion. It is also planned for a change in certification validity period from one year to three years or according to the project feasibility, he said.State Planning Board member and Technopark Founder CEO G. Vijayaraghavan said, \"The Investment Promotion Board will listen to the presentations of projects listed in Emerging Kerala Summit. It will call for detailed project reports from entrepreneurs which will be examined by the department officials who can raise concerns within 30 days. It will then be forwarded to the 'Investment Clearance Board' for obtaining all clearances within 30 days\".Additional chief secretary to the state government on Industries V Somasundaran told TOI on Tuesday that policy changes can be expected only after a detailed review of all projects listed in the three day summit of Emerging Kerala at Kochi. Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, while announcing the formation of monitoring committees, said relaxation of any kind will be granted only after examining the project in detail. \"If an investor offers to provide 100 employment opportunities but demand large quantity of land, it can't be approved. Hence, we need projectwise examination,\" he said.Former state finance minister and CPM leaderThomas Issac said the government needs to first conduct an environment impact assessment study before calling for investments for mega projects. \"Majority of the big projects proposed in the summit, will need approvals from theunion ministry of environment and forest . So there is no question of getting approvals within 90 days,'' he said.Issac but said that the setting up of an investment board and council will help in looking at the projects more closely and for faster implementation of the project. \"We will keep a close watch on each proposal and will register our protest if any of the projects have anti -development agenda,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16460677", "title": "'Maoist' killed in dawn encounter", "text": "RANCHI: A suspected Maoist was killed and a huge cache of arms and ammunition along with receipts for collecting ransom money recovered following an encounter with the rebels at Chatra early on Tuesday. However in the hour-long encounter, three security personnel, including an assistant commandant of CRPF, were injured. All the injured have been airlifted to Apollo Hospital in Ranchi.Jharkhand police spokesman S N Pradhan said local SP Anup Birtharey had a tip-off on the presence of a group of Maoists, led by zonal commander Bararasi Yadav, in a village around 100 km from Ranchi. The group of around 8-10 rebels had entered Chatra from Bihar. They crossed Jharkhand after having an encounter with security men on the bordering areas of Bihar.\"A team of security personnel was rushed to the village and an encounter took place around 4am. In the encounter, one suspected rebel, who was in uniform and carrying a rifle, was killed and at least two others were injured,\" Pradhan said adding that the identity of the rebel could not be established as he was not a local.The SP said a search operation was launched in the area after sunrise and one AK 47 rifle, three regular rifles and equal number of civilian rifles and one revolver were recovered. \"We have also found around 200 rounds of cartridges, Naxalite literature and levy receipts from the place of encounter,\" said the SP. \"We have launched a search operation in the area and are combing all the adjoining villages in search of the injured rebels.\"Doctors at Apollo Hospital said all the injured personnel, including assistant commandant RR Mishra, were kept under operation as they suffered bullet injuries. \"Condition of the jawan of CoBRA who has sustained injuries on the left eye is critical. The other two injured personnel are stable,\" said a doctor.Director general of police GS Rath, who reached the hospital with other officers, termed the encounter a major success. \"Our men have done a commendable job. We hope that the injured rebels will also be arrested,\" said Rath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16457550", "title": "Eye on Lok Sabha polls, Mamata Banerjee plays for high stakes", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee may not end up a loser like Prakash Karat. But the way she pulled the trigger on the Congress-led UPA government is similar to CPM's pullout from UPA-I over the Indo-US nuclear agreement in 2008. In both cases, it's Bengal that suffered.Mamata may have scored a point, but the aam admi in Bengal neither got an extra subsidized LPG cylinder nor did the state government reduce its tax component in the diesel cost to give people some relief.Mamata has taken the gamble for a larger gain. She is confident of Congress' fall in the coming Lok Sabha polls and the emergence of regional forces where she will have a greater role to play. Even if this happens, the emerging combine won't be able to reverse the global agreements, including trade issues like FDI in retail.In demanding the unearthing of black money, Mamata sounded very much like former state finance minister Asim Dasgupta, who harped on the demand for two decades. The state, however, didn't gain from it. It doesn't have the number of warehouses it ought to have or the marketing network that can ensure a fair price for both producers and consumers. Yet, the politics of brinkmanship continues, with Mamata ferreting out the borrowed logic to justify her pulling out of UPA-II.Mamata has burnt her bridges with Congress, with a long-term target in her sights. She said on Tuesday that she can't go along with the Congress because her party did not get its due as UPA's second largest party.Mamata asks Left and SUCI to call off bandhThose who follow Bengal politics would recall that the Trinamool chief has been raising her voice against the UPA government soon after assuming charge as chief minister in 2011. In fact, on November 4, 2011, Trinamool MPs had offered to resign and empowered Mamata to take the decision at the appropriate time. There were flashpoints in the alliance yet Mamata bore it all even as prices of fuel, coal and fertiliser soared.But no more. The Trinamool chief now wants to consolidate her party's roots in the panchayat poll that would ensure a thumping victory in the next Lok Sabha polls and increase her clout in Delhi. Mamata believes that Congress is losing mass support and the alliance would be a burden on the Trinamool.Her pulling out of UPA-II is in line with her desire to go it alone in the panchayat polls stop the Left from gaining for the opposition role. That explains why the Trinamool supremo appealed to the Left Front and SUCI(C) to call off the September 20 strike because \"she had done the job for them\". \"I would appeal to the Left and the SUCI to call off their bandhs on Thursday because the people are averse to bandhs,\" Mamata said. \"These are hard times. Bengal cannot afford to lose Rs 2,000 crore on bandh day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16458760", "title": "Romney\u2019s \u2018anti-poor\u2019 quip in leaked video sparks row", "text": "WASHINGTON: It isn't as bad as Kate Middleton's topless pictures in UK, but US Republican Presidential nominee Mitt Romney and his campaign staff are diving for cover after video leaks of his unscripted remarks at a private campaign event were seen as being anti-poor .In the video, shot at a private reception with wealthy donors in Florida this year, Romney described almost half of Americans as \"people who pay no income tax\" and are \"dependent upon government\" . These voters, he said, would probably support President Obama because they believe they are \"victims\" who are \"entitled to health care, to food, to housing , to you name it\" .\"There are 47% of the people who will vote for the president no matter what,\" Romney says in a video leaked to the liberal magazine Mother Jones . \"There are 47% who are with him, who are dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims , who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them. And they will vote for this president no matter what... \"My job is not to worry about those people. I'll never convince them they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.\"These were just some of the controversial remarks which may haunt Romney for the reminder of the 50 days to polls. In another unguarded moment, he also joked that he would have an easier time winning if his father had been born to Mexican parents . Romney's father, a former governor of Michigan, was indeed born in Mexico, but the Republican candidate goes on to say that he is a selfmade millionaire who inherited nothing.The videos were reportedly unearthed with help from former President Jimmy Carter's grandson James Carter .The Obama campaign jumped on Romney's remarks even as the challenger defended himself saying he stood by his words except he had spoken off the cuff and they were less elegantly stated than he would have liked. But Obama aides said someone \"who demonstrates such disgust and disdain for half of our fellow Americans\" does not deserve to be president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456769", "title": "Ailing couple die in Mumbai flat unnoticed by son", "text": "MUMBAI: Theirs is a story steeped in tragedy and misfortune. An elderly couple was found dead in their Kandivli apartment on Tuesday morning in a decomposed state. The 66-year-old wife, police said, passed away from a heart attack on Sunday and the 76-year-old husband from pneumonia a day later. But throughout the period their son, who police said was \"mentally unstable\", went about his chores unworriedly.Maneklal Shah, a retired homeopath, lived with wife Surbala and their adopted son, 23-year-old Neeraj, in a ground-floor flat in Park View building in Kandivli (W). Surbala suffered from spondylitis besides age-related ailments and was bed-ridden for the last seven months. Maneklal too, officers said, was not keeping well. The couple was self-reliant and preferred not to take relatives' help.Neeraj told investigators that he spoke to Surbala on Sunday evening, when she asked for water. On Monday afternoon, he had a conversation with Maneklal. Still, at first, nothing alarmed him. According to officers, he thought his mother was asleep.On Tuesday, Neeraj tried waking up Maneklal but got no response. He then shook Surbala, who too did not wake up. Confused, Neeraj rushed to the nearby general store where he works as a delivery boy. The storeowner accompanied Neeraj back to the Shahs' residence and \"from a distance knew something was wrong\".A strong smell of decomposition was emanating from the house, officers said. When the storeowner entered the home, he found Surbala dead on the bed and Maneklal on the floor. He then immediately informed the police and the couple's relatives.Post-mortem reports showed the two senior citizens died of natural causes. Surbala died of a heart attack and Maneklal of pneumonia. \"They liked to do their work on their own. They did not want to depend on anyone. They never asked anyone to arrange their food or house supplies,\" said assistant commissioner of police Jayawant Hargude. The family usually ordered in food and had it over a few days.Police ruled out ruled out the possibility of foul play. They will hand over the bodies to the Shahs' relatives once the formalities are over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456706", "title": "High court stays govt\u2019s defamation suit against TOI", "text": "CHENNAI: All further proceedings in the criminal defamation case filed against The Times of India by the city public prosecutor on behalf of chief minister J Jayalalithaa were stayed by the Madras high court on Tuesday.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar granted the interim injunction on a writ petition filed by the editor and the publisher of The Times of India here, questioning the legality of August 7 Government Order authorising the city public prosecutor to initiate criminal defamation proceedings on behalf of the chief minister.The main prayer in the petition was to quash the complaints for offences under Sections 499, 500 and 501 of the IPC.In a similar development, Justice Paul Vasanthakumar stayed all further proceedings in two defamation complaints lodged on behalf of the chief minister, against DMK chief M Karunanidhi, his son and former deputy chief minister M K Stalin , and his nephew Murasoli Selvam.All the three cases have already been taken cognizance of by the principal sessions court here, and summons issued to the parties concerned.In the petition, they submitted that the complaint had been filed with a misconceived notion based on an erroneous judgement of the news reports. A plain reading of the news would establish that it was not at all defamatory.The freedom of the press, the right of the people to have information as well that of the petitioners' right to disseminate that information should be protected. Any attempt to interfere with that right would amount to stifling the freedom of the Press, a part of the freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under Article 19(1) of the Constitution, they contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458526", "title": "Decision to appoint consultant deferred", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday postponed the decision on appointing a consultant for acquiring land for city roads as well as the high capacity mass transit road (HCMTR).The civic administration had submitted a proposal to the standing committee regarding its plan to appoint a consultant for acquiring land for city roads. The civic administration said in the proposal that acquiring of land for the long-pending HCMTR is stuck due to \"inadequate staff\" and suggested the process be carried out with the help of a consultant.Speaking to reporters, standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere said, \"The decision on the issue was postponed. Some members wanted more time to study the proposal. Therefore, it was decided that a call would be taken in the next meeting.\"The 34-km-long and 24-metre-wide HCMTR was first proposed in 1982. The proposal was later included in the PMC's development plan of 1987. In the last 20 years, the PMC has been able to acquire about 2.5 lakh sq m of land and is yet to acquire over 5.66 lakh sq m of land. Besides the HCMTR, the consultant would also help acquire land for other projects in the city.The PMC had issued tenders for the appointment of a consultant. Three agencies approached the PMC, out of which the one quoting the lowest fees was selected for the work. The civic administration will pay around Rs 1 crore to the consultant. The work scope of the consultant will include paper works related to land acquisition process, measurement of land, measurement of properties alongside the proposed HCMTR and computerisation of 'city survey sheets' and other works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16458391", "title": "Yavatmal District Congress Committee urges people not to join NDA bandh on Sept 20", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Yavatmal District Congress Committee (YDCC) has lauded the central government's recent announcement of FDI, diesel price hike and withdrawal of subsidy to cooking gas beyond six cylinders every year, and urged people not to join the BJP-led NDA's Bharat bandh on September 20.YDCC President and sitting MLA Wamanrao Kasawar highlighted long term benefits of the new economic steps and said the BJP has only one agenda, of dislodging the present UPA government and come to power through a midterm poll. He urged the public not to join the bandh, and extend support for the nation's all round progress.However, when asked if he personally is in favour of the diesel price hike and restrictions on LPG cylinder supply, Kasawar tried to skip the answer. He said YDCC would urge the state government to enhance the number of cylinders from six to 12 annually, and bear the financial burden. He said the BJP wants to stall development of the nation and create unnecessary controversy through politically motivated rumours.District general secretary Arun Raut, vice president Ashok Bobade, women's wing chairperson and ex MLA Vijayatai Dhote and ZP opposition leader Pratap Rathod were present at the press briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456701", "title": "More trouble for 'Power Star', bizman files cheating case", "text": "CHENNAI: More trouble seems to be in store for ayurvedic doctor-turned-actor 'power star' Srinivasan with a businessman from Andhra Pradesh lodging a complaint, the second so far, on Tuesday against him.In his complaint, Ranganathan said two people approached him saying the Baba Trading Company on Poonamalle High road, run by Srinivasan, was providing loans at low interest. Subsequently, he sought Rs 20 crore to expand his business and was asked by Srinivasan to pay Rs 50 lakh as 'commission' and other expenses. Even after he paid up, Srinivasan kept demanding more money but didn't disburse the promised loan, Ranganathan said.He approached the police after coming to know of Srinivasan's arrest, the complaint said.Self-styled 'power star,' Srinivasan has had a strange relationship with the film world, media and his 'fans'.The hero in just one film, \"Latika,\" which, too, failed at the box office, he managed to build a huge following though not entirely for his acting skills.When confronted about several interviews in the media making fun of his poor performances, Srinivasan never appeared embarrassed and even used such interactions as a platform to get popular, sources said.Srinivasan was booked under the Arms Act and criminal breach of trust and arrested by the Kilpauk police on Friday based on a complaint from G U Balasubramanian, proprietor of UBS International. Balasubramanian had approached Srinivasan for a loan and was told to pay 5% per cent of the total loan amount as service charge.Balasubramanian paid up, but Srinivasan did not release the funds and also threatened him with dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458565", "title": "Bodies of two boys fished out of canal", "text": "PUNE: The bodies of two boys, aged five and three, who were thrown into a canal in Vadgaon Budruk by their father on Sunday were found on Tuesday. One body was found near the Dias plot slums, while the other was traced to Hadapsar.The police said the boys' father, Ankush Ganpat Pansare (31) of Ambegaon Budruk, had committed suicide by throwing himself in front of a train near Malvali railway station.A suicide note found near him said he had thrown his two sons - Ganraj (5) and Yuvraj (3) - into the canal at Vadgaon Budruk.The Haveli police on Monday conducted a massive search in the canal, but failed to find the bodies.On Tuesday, Ganraj's body was traced near the Dias plot slums. Senior police inspector of the Swargate police station Ram Pathare told TOI that some local people saw the body around 8 am and informed the police. \"We fished the body out with the help of the fire brigade personnel and sent it to the Sassoon General Hospital for post mortem,\" he said.Pathare said they informed the Haveli police station and the mother of the boy and her relatives rushed to the hospital and identified him as Ganraj.Meanwhile, the Hadapsar police received information that the body of a little boy had been spotted in the canal near Gadital. Fire officer Shivaji Chavan told TOI that the body was fished out around 11 am. \"The mother of the child identified him as Yuvraj,\" he said.Assistant police inspector of the Haveli police station Namdeo Kauthale, who is investigating the case, said that the police are examining the suicide note written by Pansare. \"We will take action against the people named in the suicide note after the investigations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16455934", "title": "Congress MLA 'threatens' to kidnap realtor", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Ruling Congress MLA UV Ramanamurthy Raju alias Kanna Babu Raju landed in another trouble for allegedly threatening a realtor in the city. According to a complaint lodged with the IV-Town police station here on Tuesday, the Yelamanchili MLA allegedly threatened to kidnap the realtor, Paila Sanyasi Raju, if the latter did not sell his farm land.According to police, Sanyasi Raju of Seetammadhara here has 40 acres of farm land in Golugonda near Narsipatnam. The realtor complained to the police that the MLA had been harassing him over phone and wanted the said piece of land to be sold to him. \"He said I will be kidnapped within 24 hours if I do not agree to sell the land,\" Raju said. The realtor complained that he got the call from the MLA's mobile. Circle inspector Krishna Rao confirmed that he had received the complaint and said an investigation was launched in the case.There are already two other cases pending against the MLA.The AP high court has ordered the government to submit the vigilance inquiry report on the misuse of SC, ST social welfare schemes to purchase buses and the ACB court recently ordered the ACB DSP to inquire into the alleged wealth amassed by the MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16457100", "title": "Bridal wear spurs fashion industry", "text": "CHENNAI: The big fat Indian wedding is not just a stereotype, it's an entire economy by itself. And the beauty of it all is that no matter what the general consuming climate, the wedding economy is pretty much recession proof. Nowhere is it better illustrated than by India's 750 crore designer wear industry, which is hugely dependent on the 'bridal wear' market. Thanks to the wedding economy, Indian fashion has managed to buck the current slowdown very well.Fashion designer Tarun Tahiliani says, \"Bridal is the most lucrative segment of the Indian fashion industry, sometimes making up to 50-70% of a designer's revenue. As critical mass, we buy couture only for weddings which are lavish.\" Designers agree that non-bridal wear is purely a branding exercise in India - the revenue comes from bridal wear.Designer Raghavendra Rathore agrees. \"The Indian high fashion industry is divided in two hemispheres - the western wear non-bridal and the festive, all bridal. The latter dominates the business of fashion and the other half is mainly for creating a brand. So in terms of economics, the bridal service industry as a whole is the key factor why the industry is vibrantly alive regardless of fashion trends across the globe,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455508", "title": "Lawmaker leads cops to booze dens, finds nothing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Naranpura police accompanied Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) from Sabarmati Geetaben Patel and other residents to Vadaj on Monday evening after receiving complaints of liquor dens in the area and nefarious activities. Police however did not find any liquor from the spot. Patel said that the drive against the menace will continue in the days to come.According to Naranpura police officials, a team led by inspector N D Solanki accompanied Patel and members of the local community to Nat na Chhapra area in Vadaj on Monday evening. Residents had complained that Mahendra Nat and other residents were selling liquor and were creating a nuisance. The police raid however fetched nothing. Nat was not at his house but his wife and daughter there.When contacted, Patel said that she had been to the nearby Jain derasar where the local residents had complained her about the menace. \"The community leaders said that as Paryushan was going on and as Jain munis were residing in the area, the liquor business had created trouble. I decided to take up the issue and contacted Naranpura police,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460822", "title": "MP opens up health sector", "text": "BHOPAL: After failing to provide proper healthcare services through its state-run hospitals, the Madhya Pradesh government has decided to open the health sector for private investments. The state cabinet that met here on Tuesday cleared the MP health service investment policy-2012, that paved the way for private investment in the health sector in the state.Health officials claimed the decision would help in improvement and expansion of health services in the state. However, experts differed saying that the move might make healthcare beyond the reach of poor.The cabinet gave industry status to health sector and sent a proposal in this regard to apex investment promotion empowered committee formed under state government's industrial promotion policy. The panel is headed by the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who also chaired the cabinet meeting.\"We are expecting Rs 10,000 crore investments in the health sector the state. The private sector would take care of the medical needs of poor people,\" health minister Narottam Mishra told reporters. It would be mandatory for the private sector to provide a certain quota of free treatment to the poor, he said.Asked whether MP government has gone in for private participation in health sector after failure of government hospitals to deliver the goods, Mishra said it wasn't the case. He said health services were being pruned in the government hospital across the state with a huge capital.According to the new development in health sector, the government would provide land at nominal cost to the private players to open medical colleges and hospitals. The government will also give subsidy and sops to the attract investments.The government wants to get 100-bedded hospital opened in places having a population of 10 lakh or more, officials said.Presently, there is a shortage of more than 2000 doctors and the health services were in not a good shape especially in rural areas. The sixth government medical college and hospital in the state had come up in Sagar in Bundelkhand region a few years ago after a gap of three decades. Bhopal , Indore, Jabalpur, Gwalior and Rewa had government medical colleges in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459894", "title": "Two tested positive for H1N1", "text": "INDORE: Out of 12 swab samples that were sent to Jabalpur lab for confirmatory test two were found positive with swine flu on Tuesday. Both are males aging 33 and 39 years from Ashta and Indore respectively and undergoing treatment in private hospitals in city. Meanwhile, 11 more swab samples were sent for confirmatory test on Tuesday.With this a total of 74 samples have been sent for confirmatory test to Jabalpur lab, of which 63 reports have been received by health department. 19 patients have been confirmed positive with the flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455516", "title": "Tulsi killing planned elimination: CBI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In its chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case, CBI has said that the killing was a systematic and planned elimination of human evidence in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter case.The chargesheet, which cites 343 witnesses, is more of a repetition of two other reports filed in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case. But it also throws light on how the Gujarat and Rajasthan cops were desperate to silence Tulsiram, who was the third person abducted along with Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi, from Hyderabad in 2005.CBI has charged 18 persons - the accused Number 1 being former Gujarat minister of state for home, Amit Shah - and seven IPS officers with murder and criminal conspiracy. They have also been charged with destruction of evidence, criminal intimidation, dereliction of duty and offence under the Arms Act. Two cops, retired IPS officer O P Mathur , a former investigator; and deputy superintendent of police R K Patel, have been accused of conspiracy, destruction of evidence, falsification of documents and intimidation.The probe agency claimed that whenever Tulsiram was to be brought to Ahmedabad, telephonic conversation between Shah, and three cops accused in the Sohrabuddin case - D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian, and Dinesh M N - used to spike. \"Whenever Tulsiram was in vulnerable position, their discussion was on its peak,\" the chargesheet reads.Probe agency outlines roles of Pande, JohriP C Pande, a former DGP; and additional DGP Geetha Johri have been accused of criminal conspiracy and murder along with other offences for toeing the line of former minister Amit Shah in the investigation of the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case.CBI has claimed that these senior cops did not permit the then investigating officer, V L Solanki, to question Tulsiram.As for Pande, the chargesheet says that it was well within his knowledge that Tulsiram was the third person travelling with Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi at the time of their abduction. The Supreme Court had ordered a probe, but Pande authorized only an inquiry and not a full-fledged investigation despite the fact that the offence was grave and could invite even the death sentence.CBI also has claimed that Pande might have decided to go slow on the accused expecting post-retirement benefits from the state government. CBI says that his appointment as the chairman of Police Housing Corporation indicates his proximity with politicians.In the case of Johri, CBI has said that her role in curbing the probe by denying Solanki permission to investigate Tulsiram in Udaipur was part of the conspiracy. Before denying permission, she along with her superior G C Raigar discussed the matter with the former minister, who angrily ordered them to restrain the probe.Raigar refused to obey the orders and was sidelined and transferred overnight. But Johri and Pande followed illegal instructions leading to the killing of Tulsiram on December 28, 2006.Vanzara often visited Udaipur jailSuspended cop D G Vanzara often visited the Udaipur Central Jail in order to persuade Tulsiram Prajapati to remain calm, the CBI chargesheet in the fake encounter case says.The chargesheet says that Vanzara began visiting Tulsiram in jail after the latter created a din over Sohrabuddin Sheikh's killing. Tulsiram was blaming the Gujarat and Rajasthan cops for not honouring the promise to give safe passage to the gangster, who was abducted with his wife from Andhra Pradesh with his help.Tulsiram, according to the CBI chargesheet, informed other jail inmates in Rajasthan that he was in danger, and when the issue came to Vanzara's notice, DIG used to visit the jail to pacify the prisoner.After Sohrabuddin's encounter in 2005, Vanzara got himself transferred from the anti-terrorist squad to the border range. The spot where Tulsiram was killed falls in the border range.Udaipur SP abducted, falsely implicated witnessesThe chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati case explains in detail how Gujarat and Rajasthan police tried to cover up Sohrabuddin Sheikh's killing.After Tulsiram told Rubabuddin Sheikh about the threat he was facing, the latter sent Tulsi's cousin Kundan Prajapati and his friend Bimal to meet the prisoner. The duo was waiting for Tulsiram at the Udaipur railway station when he was brought out of jail to be taken to Ahmedabad.At that point, Udaipur SP and accused in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter, Dinesh MN reached the station and abducted the duo. They were badly beaten up and then implicated in a narcotics case.Besides, the chargesheet reveals how Udaipur police inspector Abdul Rehman and three constables conducted a recce of the places from where Tulsiram was allegedly abducted and later shot dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455496", "title": "Life in black and white", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Age is no barrier for this youngster as he weaves life stories with the click of his camera. Barely 20 years old, Dhrupad Shukla from Rajkot sees in people what most usually view as mundane. A second year student at National School of Interior Design, Rajkot, Dhrupad took to photography just 10 months ago. What he lacks in technical skill, he makes up for in his vision as a street photographer.Exhibiting his work to the public for the first time at the Ravishankar Raval Kala Bhavan, Dhrupad's black and white photographs capture Rajkot and the Ajanta Ellora caves in their most ordinary form.\"Any city is always known for its architecture or tourism value, but I wanted to focus on what really makes a city. The men, women and children are the pulse of any place and it is this human life and expression that I wanted to capture,\" said Dhrupad.From the pained look on a man's wrinkled face caused by the loss of his son, to a camera-shy kid hiding behind his grandmother's shoulder or the hair-speckled yet steady hand of a barber as he trims right behind his customer's ear-Dhrupad has attempted to capture real life and the activity that surrounds it.\"I chose to work with black and white photographs because I don't want viewers to be distracted by the colours that steal focus from the subject,\" said Dhrupad who wants to pursue cinematography from Pune and comes from a family of local artists. He added, \"There have been times when I've had to sit for hours with a subject, talk to them, have tea and share a bidi with them just so I can get a feel of their life. Without getting a sense of who you're clicking and what is the story behind them, photograph toh aa jaati hai, par feeling nahi aati.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16456087", "title": "Telugu Desam MLAs stage mock Assembly", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam MLAs on Tuesday staged a mock Assembly to protest the Speaker's decision to adjourn the House even on the second day of the five-day monsoon session without allowing a debate on power crisis. After the adjournment following a pandemonium created by pro-Telangana members pressing for a resolution on separate state, the TDP members staged the mock session on the premises of the Assembly and debated the dismal power situation in the state.Charging the Congress with stalling a debate on 'burning issues', the TDP members said the mock session was a mode of protest against what was happening in the Assembly. \"It is clear that the Congress and TRS have joined hands and taken shelter under the Telangana issue to avoid a debate on issues like power crisis and tainted ministers' continuance in the cabinet. We also wanted to protest the abrupt adjournment of the House without transacting any business,\" said TDP MLA Revanth Reddy.During the mock session, Payyavula Keshav played the role of the Speaker and M Kishan Reddy the chief minister, while Mothukupalli Narasimhalu donned the role of opposition leader.Revanth Reddy initiated the debate on power crisis and criticised the government's failure in solving it.Earlier when the House met at 9 am, there was a debate on 26 GOs issued during the YSR regime and power crisis following which the Speaker disallowed the motion moved by the opposition members and took up the question hour. However, he could not maintain the order of the House as pro-T members, including the BJP and Left parties led by TRS stormed the podium demanding a resolution on T.After the intervention of TDP member Ashok Gajapathiraju, who launched a scathing attack on bad governance in the state and pleaded with the chair to conduct the normal business of the House, the Speaker allowed a discussion on Telangana. Lok Satta member Jayprakash Narayan's argument that Hyderabad was losing jobs to Bangalore due to the Telangana agitation drew flak from TRS members. Harish Rao flatly rejected the claim. Labour minister Danam Nagender got into a heated argument with independent MLA Nagam Janardhan Reddy when the latter backed TRS MLA Harish Rao's objections. At this stage the Speaker adjourned the House for 30 minutes.Although the House was expected to resume at 10.30 am, it took more than two hours before it met as the Speaker called a meeting of floor leaders in a bid to build consensus among them. However, there was no consensus on passing a resolution on Telangana. The Speaker adjourned the House for the day after passing a resolution on banning anti-Islamic film 'Innocence of Muslims', even as the BJP members protested the resolution saying it was not called for as it was no way linked to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457859", "title": "2 groups clash in Jhunjhunu village", "text": "JAIPUR: Noisy scenes were witnessed in Prasrampura village of Jhunjhunu district on Tuesday when two groups entered into a violent confrontation.The local police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the crowd. According to the police officials, two accused responsible for the clash were also arrested. Officials said, \"The dispute occurred over the music played on the loud speaker during a Bhajan programme on Monday night which turned violent on Tuesday.\"It was reported the police officials also bashed up a local student leader and miscreants who were encouraging the fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456538", "title": "Techie death: Cops try to speak to two friends", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Haryana railway police confirmed that it had recovered the body of Sumit Parihar, an IT engineer who had gone missing in early September, police are sticking to the suicide theory but also trying to talk to two friends who had last spoken to him.Police said one of them was a girl living close to IIT Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh. \"We have sent a team to Kanpur to record her statement. Another team has gone to some areas in Hodal from where he had last spoken to a male friend,'' said a source. \"Even if it was a suicide, we need to establish the reason behind his decision,\" added the officer.Parihar, from Mathura, was staying in Krishna Nagar, Safdarjung Enclave, with his cousin Shailendra and working with an IT company in Noida as an associate engineer.His family has refused to accept the suicide theory. \"He could not have chosen to travel all the way to Hodal. Why will he travel such a distance on September 9 to commit suicide?'' asked Shailendra. He added that he had met the investigators in the past two days to provide them with all details he was aware of.Serious questions are being raised on the way Delhi Police has botched up inter-state coordination in this case. However, a senior officer from the crime branch, the nodal agency entrusted with the job of co-ordination, said, \"Even in the age of internet and a ZIPNET set up especially for this purpose, this seems unlikely that the Haryana railway police could not contact its counterpart. This is the second time since the Mayur Vihar Phase III riot that cops have failed to coordinate with the neighbouring police.During the recent Mayur Vihar riots, we had contacted the Ghaziabad police and asked them to arrange for the Indirapuram police to control riots at Khoda Colony. Yet, no one responded. We even requested them to impose curfew in the Khoda area. This request too was turned down.'' Delhi Police is going to raise the issue in the next inter-state coordination meeting. \"We will be highlighting the shortfalls and will definitely discuss measures to counter these mistakes,'' he added.Delhi Police said it had uploaded Sumit's photograph on ZIPNET and went to Hodal after locating his SIM there. However, they could not find any clue after conducting an inquiry with the local police. It was then that Delhi Police contacted the railway police and came to know about the body of an unknown person which was cremated by GRP after the postmortem. The deceased was later identified as Sumit Parihar, said an officer.Sumit's family members on Sunday had claimed that the cops were yet to take down the statement of family members. The south district police had even on Sunday ruled out any foul play saying that it seems that the man had left on his own as he had left his wallet and ATM and debit cards behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456654", "title": "Schools to remain open on Thursday", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government declared a holiday for schools on September 20 on Tuesday morning on account of the Bharat Bandh to protest against the hike in fuel prices , but by evening changed its stance and said that schools would remain open.\"The education secretary and I were discussing about whether we should declare a holiday on Thursday. There was a proposal, but before we could decide, somebody went public with it,\" said school education director K Devarajan.Some schools sent SMSs to their students, while some other schools have decided to put out a notice board outside the school conveying the message. Parents were worried about their children's safety. \"I am worried about sending my son to school on that day. What if buses or autorickshaws don't ply? Then children will be stuck without transport,\" said Nithin Sagar, father of a 10-year-old boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16458485", "title": "'Many VVIPs make UT disturbed area'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the UT home secretary (HS) is to be believed, Chandigarh is on the radar of antisocial elements who can a??a??disturb the peace of the area at any point of timea??a??. This was stated by UT home secretary Anil Kumar on Monday in an affidavit filed before the Punjab and Haryana high court while defending the 'disturbed areaa' status of UT. He has also taken the stand that the status is required because Chandigarh is the capital of two states and large number of VVIPs stays here.Apparently dissatisfied with the argument, a division bench led by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh observed, \"Is the situation in city worst than Delhi or Mumbai\". Out-rightly rejecting the home secretary's contentions, the bench also observed that 'Delhi is capital of country, seat of Union government and larger number of VVIPs is living there but that is not a disturbed area'. In his affidavit filed in response to a PIL seeking removal of all notifications vide which Chandigarh was declared 'disturbed area,' Kumar submitted that intelligence inputs are indicative of the efforts which are being made to create disturbance in Chandigarh area.Making it clear that the administration is in no mood to remove the disturbed area tag of UT, he has also taken a plea that Chandigarh is the capital of both the states of Punjab and Haryana and has to cater to the security concerns of the protected persons who have been on the forefront in the fight against anti-national and terrorist activities. Moreover, peace in this area can be disturbed by any anti-national element at any point of time. On the removal of disturbed area tag by Punjab, he said it does not imply that the situation in Chandigarh warrants the withdrawal of these notifications.Further justifying it, he asserted that it is up to the satisfaction of the administrator of UT to assess the situation and take a decision on the continuation of these notifications and courts cannot interfere in it till the complaints of any arbitrary use of powers by the administration.Taking the affidavit on record, the HC observed that there appears to be nothing which satisfies the condition for continuation of the notifications. Now, the case has been fixed for Wednesday when the HC will examine the circumstance wherein Punjab government had removed such notifications from the state. Chandigarh was declared a disturbed area through notifications of ministry of home affairs (MHA) issued on December 2, 1986, and December 5, 1991.The petitioner in this case, Sector 7 resident Surinder Singh Bhardwaj, had pleaded that the disturbed area status is causing \"unnecessary monetary loss to public exchequer and giving unnecessary powers in the hands of government officers which are inconsistent with the values of democratic set up\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "yanam", "code": "16455429", "title": "Girls severely hurt as teacher thrashes them", "text": "YANAM: Two girl students of a private school were admitted to a hospital in Kakinada after they were mercilessly beaten up by their mathematics teacher here on Tuesday afternoon. One of them suffered a fracture on her left hand, while the other got a major cut on her chin.Saira Bhanu of Yanam and Dolly of Haryana, both ninth standard students, were allegedly whipped with a stick by the teacher, G Veerabhadra Rao, for not doing their homework. Saira's left hand was fractured while Dolly suffered a serious injury on her chin. Saira Bhanu's mother was devastated by the teacher's action. \"He should have warned my child if she had committed a mistake. Beating a student is not right on the part of the teachers,\" she said. Parents of both the students demanded strict action against the teacher.According to sources, the incident occurred during the last period of the morning session in Navodaya School where 400 students study. The school management tried to buy peace with the parents who approached the police. In-charge principal Fathima said that they would take suitable action against the teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16459892", "title": "MAMI boasts of a glittering lineup this year", "text": "Aplagiarist, a robot jewel thief, and some of the best talents of the world gear up to meet the cinema enthusiasts in the city at the 14th edition of the Mumbai Film Festival this October.From October 18 to 25, the festival promises to bring some of the most awaited movies from around the globe. For starters, Bradley Cooper's The Words , which had its world premiere at the 2012 Sundance festival is being showcased. So is Robot &amp; Frank , which opened at the same film fest.Directed by Brian Klugman and Lee Sternthal, The Words is about a successful writer who is caught for plagiarism and the price he has to pay for stealing someone's ideas. The film also stars Dennis Quaid , Olivia Wilde , Zoe Saldana and Jeremy Irons. Robot &amp; Frank , directed by Jake S is about an ex jewel thief turning a robot into an accomplice for his heist and stars Peter Starsgaard, Frank Langella and Susan Sarandon.There's more to watch out for in the festival. For one, Sergio Leone's Once Upon A Time In America, in which Robert De Niro plays a retired Jewish gangster haunted by the ghosts of his past and also, Jacques Audiard's Rust and Bone about a homeless man who is suddenly expected to take care of his five year old son.Michael Haneke's German film about two retired music teachers, Amour that was screened at this year's Cannes Film Festival will also be screened at MAMI.Robert Pattinson and Juliette Binoche starrer Cosmopolis, that competed for the Palme d'Or at Cannes 2012 will also be part of the fest. The other films to be screened are Ken Loach's The Angel's Share, the Camera d'Or award winner Beasts Of The Southern Wild, the digitised version of 1929 classic A Throw Of Dice , Luchino Visconti's 1963 film The Leopald This Late , Brazilian filmmaker Walter Salles' On The Road and Pablo Berger's Blancanieves ( Snow White ).However, it is still not clear who will get the lifetime achievement award this year. As reported in TOI earlier, Italian filmmakers Bernardo Bertolucci and Greek Film maker Costa-Gravas have turned down the offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460769", "title": "Sabyasachi connects well with fans", "text": "Sabyasachi is among those actors in Ollywood, who don't miss any opportunity to stay connected with fans. He also understands the pulse of Odisha's Gen-Y perfectly. So, just before the release of his latest movie, Om Sai Ram, the actor found out an innovative way to interact with his fans.On his Facebook page, he uploaded a very cutesy still of him and the film's heroine Prakruti Mishra, frolicking on the beach and asked his fans to suggest appropriate captions for the shot. It was said that the winner will get a chance to attend the film's premiere. And guess what? The fans jumped at the opportunity. \"I could never think the contest would be such a big hit. But when hundreds of captions started pouring, I altered my plans and instead of announcing one winner; I shortlisted 14,\" informed Sabyasachi. The director of the film, Hara Pattnaik, also helped him shortlist the captions. \"To make the contest more interesting, I decided, out of 14 winners, the first eight to contact me would attend the premiere. All eight of them had come for the premiere and had a gala time,\" adds the actor. Besides Sabyasachi, the premiere saw the presence of entire cast and crew of the film including Budhaditya, Prakruti, Koel, Manas Mishra and other supporting actors. \"I am really excited to see the audience reaction. Since it's a family drama there are no bold scenes in the film. Someone had to take the initiative to take our industry one step ahead. We have tried to set an example by making a full on multi-starrer masala movie,\" said director Hara Pattnaik. Debutant actor Manas Mishra was almost in tears and hugged Hara Pattnaik for giving him a break. Madhusree Ghosh and Swayamsiddha Mohapatra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16455766", "title": "Angry Mahesh Bhupathi lashes out at AITA", "text": "MUMBAI: Mahesh Bhupathi is in pain. He is aggrieved, he's distressed and he's disturbed. More than that, he's angry. Angry at the establishment, incensed at the way he's been treated.Worst of all, he feels helpless too. He knows he can't take on the 'dictatorial' system in tennis alone. He's aware he's being targeted because of 'personal vendetta'. He realizes this could be the end of his 18-year career. Yet, he can't do anything, barring \"explore legal options\".\"Who's going to take them to trial,\" he asks. \"For the nation's sake, someone needs to.\" But he doesn't know how to go about it. \"I am too small to take them on. They have been sitting there for 25 years without producing a single player of class. They have been doing this for long, and will continue misusing their power to punish me because they feel I am able to do a lot more for this sport than they do.\"Last Saturday, the All India Tennis Association (AITA) barred Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna from playing for India till June 30, 2014, in what was a fallout of the embarrassing selection fiasco ahead of the London Olympics.Bhupathi, though, says the \"disciplinary action\" was uncalled for. \"Till now, the nation got to hear only one side of the story. I was never given a chance to present my side. Till now, I refrained from saying anything, as I did not want my response to come from an angry frame of mind. But when they crossed the line and imposed this ban on us, I could no longer sit quiet. To face a ban at the twilight of my career and be termed a traitor is unacceptable to me,\" he said during a media interaction on Tuesday.He also claimed that he and Bopanna had tried their best to keep the AITA informed. \"We did everything to reach out to them from the very beginning to make sure everything was transparent. The AITA was sympathetic to our concerns early on, but with just two weeks to go for the selection deadline, they started acting unilaterally.\"Directing his ire at AITA president Anil Khanna, Bhupathi said he was the main divisive force in Indian tennis. \"He has enjoyed the rift between Leander and me as no other. He has redefined the term divide and rule, and has used Leander's shoulder to fire at me multiple times. Unfortunately, people only talk about Paes-Bhupathi rift and the true underbelly remains unquestioned.\"While adding that his lawyers were exploring all options to take the AITA to task, he said he felt sad for Bopanna. \"As far as I am concerned, I was always banned by the AITA. But poor Bopanna has been caught in this crossfire of dirty politics. He is good enough to play for another seven-eight years at least.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460574", "title": "HC grants bail to accused in sex-for-marks scam", "text": "BHOPAL: The prime accused in sex-for-marks scandal in Jabalpur medical college, Raju Khan was granted bail by the Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday. Khan has spent 18 months in Jabalpur jail. He has been charged with criminal conspiracy and other sections of IPC and relevant sections of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.A single bench of High Court comprising justice N K Gupta at Jabalpur granted him bail, after he moved an application.Khan was arrested on February 26 last year after a dalit student Rubina (name changed) of medical college lodged a complaint with the Garha police station, Jabalpur that she was told in advance that she would not clear her examination before the result was declared. After the result was declared, her senior identified as Prerna Atwal, a MBBS student, told her to sleep with Raju to get her marks increased in the revaluation to clear the test.Some officials of Rani Durgawati University, Jabalpur were arrested during the investigations which hinted at a nexus between Raju and the officials. The then controller of examination professor S S Rana and deputy registrar R S Kakodia of Jabalpur varsity were arrested in the case. The duo was released on bail after sometime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16457345", "title": "Ammathottil in General Hospital gets its first baby", "text": "KOCHI: The bell rang at 9.30 on Monday night, heralding the arrival of the first baby at the Ammathottil in Ernakulam General Hospital. And it was the pediatrician who reached the spot immediately, who found the baby girl sleeping in the cradle, covered and comfortable.Weighing 2.5 kg, the baby girl is now in the care of the nurses at the New Born ICU. And doctors have certified that she is healthy. She, however, is under constant watch.\"She is only seven days old, and is completely healthy,\" said Dr Annie P G, medical superintendent of the hospital.The hospital authorities have conveyed the news to the child welfare committee. Once the observation period is over, the baby would be handed over to the welfare officials, said Dr Annie.The new baby has company, apart from the doting nurses, other hospital staff and bystanders -- a one-month-old girl who was abandoned on SRM Road in August.Though she is affected by Down's syndrome, the baby has put on weight and is being taken care of by the nurses. When she was brought to the hospital, she weighed only 1.4 kg, but now she weighs 2 kg, said Dr Annie.The Ammathottil was launched in the hospital two months ago as part of an initiative of the state social welfare department. It has been designed in such a way that the sensor on the booth's steps is activated when a person steps on it to open the door.There is also a recorded message, asking the person to think twice before abandoning the baby. If the baby is placed inside the crib, a bell in the maternity ward would start ringing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16458529", "title": "Lord Ganesha overrides potholes and prices in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Price rise and potholes forgotten, the arrival of Maharashtra's biggest festival of Ganeshotsav on Wednesday will spread cheer among lakhs of Mumbaikars who dearly love the elephant-headed god. Over the next 10 days, households and mandals alike will celebrate the deity who has a gentle demeanour and sharp wit, whose invocation at the start of any new venture is a guarantor of success.Since the past weekend, shoppers have been thronging bazaars to make last-minute purchases of decorations and sweets. Even as big and small 'moortis' are brought home before the actual festival, the 'pran pratishtha' ceremony takes place on the morning of Ganesh Chaturthi.Pt Ravindra Nagar, acharya of the Birla Mandir in New Delhi, says, \"Lord Ganesh is the 'agra poojya', worshipped before everybody else. He is the 'bhadr' (gentle) god who was born in the month of Bhadrapad. Other gods grant wealth and luck but Ganpati is the god of intelligence.\" Across north India, people installed the idol of Goddess Parvati in their homes and temples on Tuesday. \"After all, the mother arrives before her son,\" the priest says.Pt Nagar points out that the Ganesh idol is traditionally crafted from gold , silver, copper, 'ashtadhatu' (a combination of eight metals) or clay. \"Plaster of paris is popular because it is a sturdier version of clay, although it is not the best material to use. One cannot use worship as a pretext to pollute the beautiful world that Lord Ganesh has created,\" he says.An indescribable mix of tranquillity and excitement pervades the household during the short period that god arrives as guest. Advocate Subhash Pradhan, who lives in Dadar, is president of the Shree Udyan Ganesh temple of Shivaji Park. \"We wait all year for this one day that we bring the deity home. It feels as if the house turns into a shrine by his hallowed presence,\" he says. \"In fact, our Shivaji Park temple used to host a full calendar of bhajans, kirtans and cultural programmes each year during Ganeshotsav before the area was declared a silence zone.\"Apart from Shivaji Park, the Ganpati temples at Titwala and Siddhivinayak draw huge crowds over the festival. Deputy CEO of Siddhivinayak temple, Satish Mali, says, \"Several families that install Ganpati stop by the temple to seek blessings before they take the idol home. Those who visit pandals at Lalbaug or GSB also make it a point to include Siddhivinayak on their itinerary. The temple also hosts an idol of the 'parthiv Ganesh' during the festival so that tends to draw visitors as well.\"Most families opt to host the idol for the duration of one-and-a-half day given that nuclear families and work schedules preclude the possibility of leisurely, elaborate celebrations. Around 1.2 lakh household Ganpatis will be immersed in the Arabian Sea off Mumbai on Thursday, and this is the reason some political parties are unwilling to support the concurrent bandh call against price rise.Understandably, devotees feel a pang of regret as they immerse their beloved god in rivers and water bodies at the close of celebrations. Pt Nagar explains this ritual saying, \"Of the five elements in nature, Lord Ganesh presides over water. So it is as if he returns home upon 'visarjan'. He is made of clay which dissolves and becomes one with Nature. Also by immersion, we request the lord to shower his bounty over the rest of the world as he has blessed us. 'Visarjan' makes the worshipper humble because he is letting go of something he loves so dearly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456868", "title": "Hostility takes over as reason is drowned", "text": "CHENNAI: Though police managed to prevent major violence during Tuesday's protest by members of various Muslim outfits, a mood of belligerence marked the mob that gathered near Makka Masjid to protest against the anti-Islamic film, 'Innocence of Muslims'. Liberal leaders usually restrain crowds from acts of hostility, but if they were any reasonable leaders in the crowd of 10,000 on Tuesday, their voices were drowned by antagonistic agitators intent on a display of aggression.Protesters pelted stones at police three times without any provocation, prompting police to lathicharge them on each occasion. Many of the people who gathered at Dams Road and attempted to march to the US consulate were not even aware of why they were there, having been entreated by the leaders of the agitation to join the protest on emotional and religious grounds. \"We want Obama's head,\" Nasseruddin, from Tambaram, shouted. \"Chennai will become the next Libya. No one dare insult our prophet. We will destroy the infidels hiding in the US consulate.\"Halimullah from Tondaripet said if all the 200 crore Muslims across the world collected a single rupee each, they would have enough money to annihilate those who humiliated Prophet Muhammad. \"We will seek revenge and nobody can stop us,\" he said. As many as 23 Muslim organisations including Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam, Muslim League and Social Democratic Party of India backed the protest.One protester indicated that there could be further trouble in the days ahead. \"Some media organisations have said that we are a few thousand in number, but we have not less than 25,000 people,\" said Waseem, of Triplicane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457852", "title": "HC asks govt to check police - land mafia nexus", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday asked the state government to seriously consider the nexus between the land mafia and police and asked the advocate general to explain on the next date of hearing as to why such cases involving land mafia be not referred to CBI for investigation, as the police have a bias towards the accused.\"It is apparent in some cases that police is having a strong nexus with land mafia in the state. We wish the state government to give a serious thought as to why such cases should not be sent to CBI for investigation,\" observed Justice Bhandari.Justice Bhandari has taken a serious view of the differential treatment of cases involving politicians and big guns in criminal cases transferred for investigation to Central Investigation Department (Crime Branch). The court on September 4 had asked the state government to review its 1995 circular which has curtailed the power of arrest of CIB (CB).Justice Bhandari made this advisory to the state government on a criminal miscellaneous application filed by one Madan Singh who alleged that the police are not arresting two accused namely Hanuman Sahay and Babulal who allegedly carved out a colony named Mahalaxmi Nagar and allowed some persons to have possession of plot that was allotted originally on patta to two persons namely Rajendra Kejriwal and Anand Kumar to whom Madan stands as power of attorney.The court took a serious note of the fact that any matter involving a minister or a MLA, present or former, is sent to CID for investigation with no results for years together. The DGP has also appeared in the court on May 4, 2010 but no action was taken despite assurances.It was told to the court that in 1995, a circular was issued by the state government stating that the CID will have to take permission from police headquarters before making any arrests.The court had then granted time till September 18 to the state government to review its notification in the light of the opinion given by the advocate general who has suggested that power of arrests be given to CID. On Tuesday, advocate general G S Bapna sought time from the court for implementation of the court's direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458315", "title": "Offence registered in Sut Girni machinery theft", "text": "NAGPUR: Nandanvan police have on Tuesday registered an offence of theft against unidentified miscreants for their making away with machinery worth around Rs 53.35 lakh from the premises of the Nagpur Vinkar Sahakari Sut Girni (cooperative spinning mill). The mill has been lying defunct since 1996 after it was liquidated.TOI had reported in its August 14 edition the unchecked activities of scrap thieves in the locked mill. Many machine parts from various different sections of the plant had been stolen over the last few years. Though TOI had learnt that thefts were taking place since mid 2000, officials of the textile corporation had mentioned in their complaint to the police that the miscreants have been active from last year only.TOI had also highlighted the thefts were being taking place at the mill despite the textile department spending almost Rs 40,000 per month on security. The officials have also mentioned in the complaint that there was machinery worth Rs 142.42 lakh left in the mill when it was shut down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "sub-adult tigers on the prowl", "code": "16457369", "title": "Pilibhit: Ideal for tigers, unsafe for humans", "text": "Sub-adult tigers on the prowl:The problem plaguing Pilibhit is its sub-adult tiger population. At least four tiger cubs are on the prowl here. Sub-adults, aged two to two-and-a-half years, are living on forest fringes, for the past few months. And, this has increased instances of man-tiger encounters in the area. \"The young ones are not compulsive man-eaters,\" said an official. Pilibhit has a sizeable tiger population. The census figures peg the number between 36-40 tigers. Out of which, 9 to 11 are males and 24 to 25 females. Every year, about one-third of the female population is in the 'breeding-age'. The existing population witnesses an addition of at least six litters every year. As per a report of the Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ), Pilibhit has 28,000-strong population of herbivores. The abundant hog deer and wild boar form a considerable prey base for felines. \"The report said that Pilibhit can, at least, support 56 tigers,\" said former DFO Pilibhit VK Singh.Lack of wildlife management:In a bizarre instance of faulty planning, Pilibhit forest division, which houses a sizeable tiger population and reports man-tiger conflict almost every month, does not get even any monetary assistance for wildlife management. The division, however, gets financial assistance for projects like plantation, advance soil work and flood control. The 720 sqkm area of Pilibhit forest division is a potential tiger-zone in the state. The fact that it does not lie on \"illegal tiger trade route\" and shares at least 10 km of its border with Royal Army-guarded Shuklaphanta sanctuary of Nepal, makes it a secured tiger habitat. \"But, it urgently needs better management,\" said sources. Out of its five ranges -- Mala, Mahof, Barahi, Deoria and Haripur -- the first three support good tiger population. The division, however, lacks management. Shortage of officers and staff is the major handicap. It has 32 foresters against the requirement of 52 and about 38 forest guards against 60 required. Most of the guards are in the age-group of 52 to 58 years.Sugarcane fields and human interference:Cane fields over some 1,000 sqkm area in Pilibhit, on forest fringes, form extended grasslands outside dense forest areas. Tigresses with cubs and sub-adults, out to claim their territories, mostly live in cane fields. Men and women entering cane fields are the most vulnerable to feline attacks in Pilibhit. The biotic pressure on forest is increasing as human population around the forest area has increased over years. Locals enter forest to collect a variety of mushroom, called 'katarua', which they sell at a good market price for livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "16457099", "title": "Man killed for running over a pet dog", "text": "SIVAGANGA: A 37-year-old building contractor was stabbed to death in Sivaganga district for accidentally running his car over a pup on Monday night.The accused, a small-time contractor, was arrested. \"It was a spur of the moment action on the part of the accused after seeing his pet being run over,\" said a police officer.Police said K Balasubramanian (37) of K Velangudiputhur, a civil engineer, was returning home in his car after visiting Karaikudi. Around 9.30pm, he entered his street and was driving towards his house when he ran over the pup, killing it. \"Balasubramanian stopped the car in front of his house. The pup's owner, Periyannan (55), saw his pet die and followed the car. He picked up a quarrel and in a fit of rage stabbed Balasubramanian,\" the police officer said.Balasubramanian suffered multiple stabs and collapsed in a pool of blood, and died in hospital. Subsequently, Periyannan was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16457966", "title": "Cops drop murder charge against Mickey Bakshi", "text": "NAGPUR: State criminal investigation department (CID) on Monday submitted before the lower court the chargesheet against four, including security service owner and activist Mickey Bakshi, in the case of unexplained death of NCP Seva Dal leader Ganesh Mate.Though earlier investigated as murder by Sadar police, state CID opted to charge Bakshi and three others with abetment of suicide, kidnapping, assault and other charges. A senior source in CID claimed that the agency could not find any evidence to suggest Mate's death was a murder.Fallout over a property dispute had led to the ugly episode in which Mate's body was found on railway tracks in Kalamna on June 23. Mate had left his residence at Kanhan for Bakshi's office. It is learnt that Bakshi and his accomplices had shooed away Mate's driver and another person before whisking away the victim in his car. The following day, Mate was found in decapitated condition on railway tracks.CID sources claimed forensic findings and other corroborative evidences indicated that the case cannot be that of murder. The incident has led to hue and cry in city and also in the political arena compelling State home minister RR Patil to shift it to state CID from city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456796", "title": "89-year-old strangled in Chembur, wife survives", "text": "MUMBAI: Four unidentified men strangled an 89-year-old man to death after entering his flat near Chembur post office on the pretext of delivering a bill and fled with 80gm of gold on Tuesday afternoon. The assailants also attempted to kill his 80-year-old wife.The deceased, K S Parshuraman, and his wife Rajam had no children and were living alone since the last 50 years in their second floor flat in Krishna Niwas building. An hour after the incident, Rajam regained consciousness and called up her relatives, said the Chembur police.The attack occurred between 3.40pm and 4.30pm. \"The assailants asked for water after entering the house on the pretext of delivering a bill,\" said Chembur senior police inspector Bhimdev Rathod.The matter came to light around 5.15pm when the victim's wife gained consciousness and called her sister-in-law staying nearby. \"My sister received a call from Rajam in the evening. She was in a state of shock and said that some people entered the house on the pretext of giving a bill and strangled them before snatching away their valuables,'' the victim's relative R Balakrishnan told TOI.The killers rang the bell and Parshuraman opened the door. \"They first strangled him and when his wife returned with water strangled her too. The neighbours didn't hear any screams,\" he said.A police team reached the flat around 6.15pm after receiving a call from the victim's family. \"A dog squad reached the spot but failed to pick up the trail. There is no security guard or CCTV in the building. There are eight flats in the building and the occupants are mostly senior citizens. The accused appear to have carried out a survey of the place before the offence,'' said the police.Police are preparing sketches of the accused based on the description given by Rajam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16458368", "title": "Eco-friendly Ganeshas to adorn homes and streets in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Over 20 eco-friendly life size clay idols of Lord Ganesha, left Vilacheri village about 10-km away from the city to be installed in various places in Madurai district on Tuesday evening. However, the shortage of clay is putting this art form at risk, according to the sculptors in the region.According to N Pitchai, one of the leading sculptors of this region, \"We come from a tradition of clay sculptors and our livelihood depends on it. The clay from the tank in our area is most suited for this art, but now, we are facing restrictions from the local authorities who have asked us to take the sand sparingly,\" he said.About 150 families in this region are into this form of clay modelling, which includes the idols of Ganesha, for Vinayaka Chathurthi, dolls for Durga pooja and crib dolls for Christmas. Apart from a large number of small Ganesha idols that will decorate homes during the festival, 20 life-size idols started their journey from their site of production on Tuesday evening. It takes around 10 days to make these five to six-foot high idols, because they have to be modelled at the rate of half-a-foot per day, according to Pitchai after each part dries in the sun.\"We have adhered to the directions of the officials and abstained from using artificial dyes or plaster of paris in our models, but water colours mixed with adhesive have to be used to paint them, otherwise there would be no takers for our products,\" he said. The collector at a meeting convened with these idol makers had asked them to ensure that the products were made only from clay.Unfortunately, what is threatening this beautiful art form is the scarcity of clay from the local ponds. Sculptors say that they need about 800 bullock carts of mud to mould the idols each season, but this year they had a tough time accessing it.\"We try to make our idols as eco-friendly as possible. They are made from clay, sand and elephant dung for strengthening, but colouring them is inevitable,\" he said. The elephant dung for these idols, are sourced from the local temples. \"Those days, when paddy was threshed naturally we could use the remains, but now with machines doing the job, we are unable to get the raw materials,\" said Muthukumar, a sculptor.Each idol up to an height of five feet each, is hand-moulded by them at the rate of Rs 1,000 per foot, but above five feet, they charge Rs 1,200 a foot.Boarding these large idols into the vehicles involves rituals, like special poojas for each of them and the face of the idol is kept concealed beneath a piece of cloth, till it reaches the place of installation.These sculptors say that officers issue warnings to them at regular intervals against using chemicals in the making of these idols, but many idols on the streets on the day of the festival are very much made from plaster of paris and chemical dyes.\"We hope Lord Ganesha would bless us and help us to make eco-friendly replicas of him for many years to come and provide us with the required quantity of mud, so that the tradition of idol worship continues for the years to come,\" say these sculptors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16460640", "title": "Banks start warning minister Rakhra led PIMS to declare its loan NPA", "text": "JALANDHAR: The nationalized banks which had lent around Rs 100 crores to the Rural Development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra led PIMS Medical &amp; Education Charitable Societyhave started putting the Society on notice that if installments would not be made then the loan accounts would be declared Non Performing Asset (NPA). The Society runs Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS), first medical college and tertiary care unit of Doaba regoion.At least one bank has already written to the PIMS authorities that their account would be classified as NPA within a fortnight if the money would not be paid. However the banks have also conveyed that they were ready to restructure the loan to this prestigious institution but for that the Society would have to pay the installments which were already pending and were rather leading the account to NPA status.Society general secretary Dr AppaRao Mukkamala, while admitting that Society was delinquent in paying back the loan, had told TOI that Union Bank of India officials held a meeting with him and other members of the Society on Monday and they negotiated restructuring. However sources revealed that though bank offered to restructure but it also gave a letter to the Society members warning that the account would be classified as NPA by the end of the current month if the installments would not be paid.Enquiries from various quarters have revealed that PIMS Society has failed to pay its installments of interest to the banks in the last over three months. Sources in the banking sector disclosed that non-payment for 90 days would make the loan account even as the Banks take their own time to put the borrower on notice in writing. It is learnt that Rakhras have mortgaged their land with the bank for raising the loan and if the accounts remains NPA then this land would also be attached by banks.Rakhra's US based brother Darshan Singh Dhaliwal, a multi millionaire businessman, is also a member of the Society. Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and several other senior politicians of the state flew to US to attend marriage of Dhaliwa's daughter.Total five banks - Union Bank of India, State Bank of India, State Bank of Patiala, Punjab National Bank and Andhra Bank - had lent over Rs 140 crores to the Society which is now incurring losses of over Rs two crores every months but no fresh funds are bring infused by the promoters which is even leaving the staff in the lurch with no salaries for months together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458631", "title": "Delhi-Gurgaon expressway project: Plea in HC tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The signing of an MoU between the three parties in the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway project to sort out all issues may have come as a big relief but everything depends on the Punjab and Haryana high court hearing scheduled on Thursday.So far, the HC has provided no relief to the private concessionaire or the lenders when they argued that they were losing huge daily revenue. \"We will come out with some immediate measures involving all stakeholders and this would be submitted to the court. The MoU is also a sign of serious effort being made by the government to improve traffic movement at the 32-lane toll plaza,\" a government official said.Though officials admitted that convincing the court would not be easy, what is worrying everyone is that any order to extend the suspension of toll collection will spoil the MoU. This is because the lenders' debt recovery will be adversely impacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16460582", "title": "Class IX girl gang-raped in Lohardaga, 2 arrested", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A minor girl was allegedly gang raped at Rajrom village of Kuru police station area of the district late on Sunday.The girl was admitted to Sadar Hospital, where doctors confirmed that she was raped. The police arrested two of the four accused persons on Monday and forwarded them to judicial custody. produced them before the media.DSP Anil Kumar Jha said the girl, a Class IX student at Project Girls' High School in Kuru and resident of Nava Toli, was going to the local market on Sunday evening when she was lured into an auto-richshaw by the four accused - identified as Laldeo Oraon of Rajrom, Sujeet Oraon, Kaushal Oraon alias Kadiya Munda and Nanka Mahto alias Nandkishore - on the Kuru-Daltonganj road.Jha added: \"They gagged the girl with her scarf, consumed alcohol and took her to Rajrom village at 10 pm and raped her till the girl lost consciousness. They tried to abandon her at a lonely place, but the girl regained her senses and somehow managed to escape. Two of the accused - Laldeo and Sujeet - chased her but she reached the NH-75 and met Kuru PS officer-in-charge who was on night patrolling duty. The other two managed to fled but police are searching them,\" said the DSP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459712", "title": "IIT-B's E-Cell to hold pre-annual biz plan contest in Indore on Sept 25", "text": "INDORE: IIT-Bombay's e-cell (entrepreneurship cell will be holding a pre-Eureka (annual business plan competition) workshop in Indore on September 25. the event has been named as 'Illuminate'. The young entrepreneurs of Indore will get an opportunity to submit their business plan and on the basis of the merit it would be awarded accordingly in the main event which will follow later.The workshop would primarily point towards the challenges in commencing a business, probing the mindset and set skills necessary for entrepreneurship. Ideating, executing, implementing and many more concepts will be corroborated with the highly energetic one-on-one discussions where the audience will be encouraged to candidly share their entrepreneurial ideas/thoughts. Along with this, the speaker would also be sharing his entrepreneurial success story.E-Cell IITB, would be holding pre Eureka! business plan workshops in 12 cities, including Indore, across the nation over the span of next five weeks. Illuminate is being led by Shantanu Bhagwat of Udhbav Associates, who is a London-based diplomat turned entrepreneur, venture capitalist, seed investor and advisor to start-ups.In an e-mail communication to ToI, Bhagwat said, \"I am looking forward to these workshops because I firmly believe there is no other way to create jobs at a massive scale in the situation we find ourselves in, except by promoting entrepreneurship and by encouraging risk-taking. Entrepreneurship and job creation are fundamental to development and growth - two things we need badly.\"Founded in 2000, E-Cell has seen substantial growth and has been recognised as the 'Leading Entrepreneurship Promoting Student Organisation in the country', by the National Entrepreneurship Network.The workshop would primarily point towards the challenges in commencing a business, probing the mind set and set skills necessary for entrepreneurship. Ideating, executing, implementing and many more concepts will be corroborated with the highly energetic one-on-one discussions where the audience will be encouraged to candidly share their entrepreneurial ideas/thoughts. Along with this, the speaker would also be sharing his entrepreneurial success story.Participants at these workshops will be encouraged to write and submit their business plans to Eureka!Monica Anand, who is the spokesperson for the event, said, \"It will be a very good exercise for people who want to start something but don't know how to go about it. Nearly 100 students, hailing from various engineering and management institutes in Indore are likely to attend the event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461713", "title": "Angelina chooses brother as her maid of honour", "text": "Angelina Jolie has reportedly asked her brother James Haven to help her in the wedding plans in a traditionally female role of bridesmaid.The 37-year-old actress who got engaged to actor Brad Pitt in April, following a seven years relationship, is all set to tie the knot later this year.The mother-of-six, who is famous for preferring the company of males over females, chose her elder brother as maid of honour, as she shares a particularly close relationship with him.\"James was thrilled to accept his little sister's offer,\" the Herald Sun quoted a source as telling the British magazine Heat.\"Angie has always related to men better than women ,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16461112", "title": "Continuous showers add to civic woes", "text": "Varanasi: With constant rainfall in the region for past one week, the civic conditions have gone completely out of gear. While most of the areas are suffering from water logging, the backflow of sewage and storm water in areas like Jaitpura, Kamalgadha, Chhittanpura, Rajghat is paving way for deadly seasonal diseases.A flood like situation was observed in many low lying areas like Bazardiha, Naria, Bhelupur, Samneghat areas meanwhile, areas like Lanka, Mehmoorganj, Gurubagh, Pandeypur, Hukulganj, were found water logged.It is noteworthy that the region is witnessing heavy rainfall for a considerable number of days. While MET office recorded 10.9 mm rainfall on Tuesday, it recorded 59.4 mm rainfall on Monday, it also rained 19.2 mm on Sunday and 45 mm on Saturday.Meanwhile, the unattended clutter and garbage scattered on the roadside is also posing threat of chances of epidemics. Daily commuters at Cantonment Railway Station, Lanka, Chowkaghat, Pandeypur, Pahadia are also facing poor civic conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "16458520", "title": "17 of a family killed in Pali road collision", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: Almost an entire family was wiped out on Tuesday when an accident involving an oil tanker, a jeep, a car and an Army gypsy left at least 18 people dead and 10 others seriously injured on National Highway-14 in Pali's Sumerpura area.Seventeen of the deceased were from the same family out of which eight were children and were returning home to Sirohi district after visiting a temple. The other person who died was the driver of the Tempo Trax (jeep) in which the family was travelling. A 5-year boy from the family survived the mishap and is undergoing treatment at a hospital. As many as six of the injured are Army personnel.Officials said the man driving the Santro car involved in the accident was under the influence of alcohol. The man lost control of the car and it hit the Tempo Trax carrying the family, pushing the vehicle in the way of an incoming oil tanker and an Army gypsy. As the vehicles collided, eyewitnesses said at least 12 bodies were flung out of the Tempo Trax.The Santro was carrying four persons, one of whom is among the injured. Sources say an FIR is likely to be filed against the driver of the Santro.Later, angry family members of the deceased, with some other locals, placed bodies of 10 persons on the national highway, demanding compensation. As a result, the national highway was blocked for almost five hours with traffic piling up for nearly 3km on both sides of the road connecting Delhi to Ahmedabad. The police diverted vehicles to other routes to clear the blockade.According to the district collector Neeraj K Pawan, the mishap occurred around 2.45pm at Netra village near Sumerpur town. \"There were about 20 persons sitting in the Tempo Trax. A Santro car, while overtaking the Tempo Trax, lost control and hit the vehicle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458544", "title": "Nitin Desai to make film on Lokmanya Tilak", "text": "PUNE: After the resounding success of the television serial on Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj and the film on legendary vocalist Bal Gandharva, art director/ filmmaker Nitin Chandrakant Desai has undertaken a film project on the life and career of Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak.The film on the 'Father of Indian Unrest' comes as the Indian film industry celebrates its centenary year.The project - titled 'Lokmanya Tilak', with the tagline 'Swaraj is my birthright, and I shall have it!' - was announced on Tuesday at Kesariwada, which was once the centre of Tilak's freedom struggle and other activities.Tilak's heirs, history scholar Babasaheb Purandare, social science expert Sadanand More and journalist Arvind Gokhale will contribute to the film. The film will be in Marathi. However, the film will be dubbed in Hindi and English, with a few scenes re-shot, to reach a wider audience.Purandare said, \"It was Tilak who changed the Indian psyche towards the then rulers and blended his politics with various communities. His impact is still prevalent on the current social structures; his initiatives like the public celebration of the Ganesh festival and birth anniversary of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj are still followed by people.\" Tilak also put Pune on the national political map as most of his political activities were conducted in the city.Desai said that some of the scenes will be shot on location, while the rest of the production will take place at his studio in Karjat tehsil of Raigad district.Desai said, \"I always wanted to make films on Tilak, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj and Bal Gandharva. I completed the latter two projects. Now I will concentrate on the third project. It is a challenge to make a film on Tilak, given his versatile life, varied activities and influence over the Indian politics.\" The film's director, cast and crew will be announced soon, he added.Another production house has already announced a film on Tilak. Actor Subhodh Bhave, who portrayed Bal Gandharva in Desai's eponymous film, will essay Tilak's role in that movie.When asked about two Marathi movies on the life of the same person, Kesari Maratha Trust chief Deepak Tilak said the Tilak family would help both the production houses as both films are about the freedom fighter's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460430", "title": "Srijit-Prosenjit, friends again?", "text": "Yes, they are back with a bang. Just as the industry was buzzing with gossip that Prosenjit Chatterjee and Srijit Mukherji had had a nasty fallout, they've announced their new film, Jaatiswar.We caught them together at Prosenjit's residence just after he'd finished reading the \"exciting\" new script with Srijit. So what did we notice? Adda, banter, laughter and a lot of will to bring back the magic on screen. Excerpts: Autograph, Baishe Srabon, a lull that had the grapevine buzzing... and now two films back to back \u2014 Mishor Rahasya and Jaatiswar... Prosenjit: You've caught us at the right time (laughs)... Srijit came over today and I've just finished listening to the script of Jaatiswar. It has nothing to do with Antony Firingee, the film. There's no comparison with Uttamjethu (Uttam Kumar). His 1967 film is not a challenge, but an inspiration. And I can tell you that if we \u2014 Srijit, his team, me \u2014 can pull it off, it'll be our biggest tribute to that golden era of Bengali films. Srijit: The idea behind the film is that nothing changes and everything gets repeated. Be it parochialism, religious intolerance, linguistic jingoism \u2014 all of these have a correlation to our past. And there are echoes of our past in our present. The only things that remain are memories. And what if these past memories suddenly become dominant? There are medically proven cases, where such past memories have become dominant. When this happens, people wake up to the echoes of the past. Our film captures that through a reincarnation tale. The music will be very important... P: Oh, it'll be very big! Srijit will have to work for six months on it. From kobir lorai to folk songs, it'll have everything. S: But I've not left out Bangla bands as well (laughs)! For three months, I've been going to libraries, reading up books, talking to scholars... there's going to be a lot of research. That's where Sumanda (Kabir Suman) is going to be invaluable. Today, no other Bengali musician has such a vast, living memory of our musical traditions. He's someone who knows how our musical traditions have evolved \u2014 padabali, toppa, panchali, akhrai gaan \u2014 but he's also the master of modern Bengali songs. It's going to be a standalone music project, almost like a musical festival, actually. P: But then, it's also a love story set in 2012. And it captures the tensions of religion and race. After all, Antony Firingee oshombhob boro premik chhilen. S: Just think about that man. He learnt a language, sang in it and became a master \u2014 all under the influence of a Hindu widow. The film will capture the essence of this man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16461601", "title": "Chandigarh traders decided to hold strike against FDI", "text": "Chandigarh : An emergency meeting was held of office bearers of Chandigarh Beopar Mandal -a group of traders in the city- regarding joining of nationwide e protest by traders against FDI in Multibrand Retail and the Bandh Call given by the Bhartya Uduog Beopar Mandal.A resolution to this effect condemning the central government policy allowing FDI in multibrand coupled with some unjust local building bylaws like rupees 500 per sq ft per month, sealing and resumption of commercial properties of Chandigarh was unanimously passed.It was also resolved that a half day bandh from 10 am to 2 pm Thursday shall be observed in the city markets to show solidarity with the call given by Sham Bihari Mishra President all India udyog Beopar Mandal. The trader leaders were of the view that FDI in multibrand shall prove a death knell for the local traders and with incoming of such global operators in the conventional retail trade the Indian retailer shall loose their age-old livelihood without any benefit to the consumers.Charanjiv Singh President of Chandigarh Beopar Mandal -CBM- appealed to the central government to roll back retail FDI from small trade like vegetable, Karyana, confectionary etc. rather it should be encouraged for the heavy industry, civil aviation, Power generation etc. which will be welcomed by all citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456833", "title": "No dilution in land bill provisions, asserts Jairam", "text": "NEW DELHI: With UPA in reforms mode, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Tuesday said there was no scope for dilution in compensation, R&R; provisions and the consent of landowners in the land acquisition bill as demanded by the industry.Ramesh's reiteration of his 'red line' came with the government announcing a group of ministers headed by Sharad Pawar to vet the land acquisition bill. It was opposed by key Congress ministers at the Cabinet meeting last month, with arguments that its stringent provisions would make acquisition difficult and high cost of compensation and land price would hamper urbanization and industrialization.The newfound Congress aggression on reforms to soothe investor sentiment has triggered speculation that the land bill too would be diluted to address the industry's concerns.But ahead of the ministerial panel's first meeting, Ramesh said there could be no compromise on the \"basic structure\" of the proposed law to meet the concerns of party ministers. He told TOI, \"The LA bill is an initiative of the government based on the political agenda of Congress. Like RTI and MGNREGA were political pledges that fructified, the land bill too is in the same category.\"He added, \"The basic structure remains inviolable. There is no compromise possible on consent of landowners, compensation, R&R; and consultation with gram sabhas.\"Ramesh pegged his draft bill on Congress's political agenda, adding that the Centre could not dilute it at the cost of the party manifesto. \"It was Congress's victory in 2009 that made this government possible. We are here to implement the Congress party agenda,\" he said.The stress on non-negotiability of \"basic structure\" is aimed at quelling speculation that the reforms push of the Centre could force changes in what the rural development minister has called 'pro-people\" provisions. Ramesh had challenged his ministerial colleagues in a chat with TOI on September 9.Ramesh's hard line could set the stage for tough negotiations at the ministerial panel meeting chaired by Pawar. The PM is keen on lenient norms of acquisition, as voiced by economic and infrastructure ministers at the Cabinet meet, and it could force the rural development ministry to relent.Ramesh argued that seven investor friendly changes had already been made in the bill to address the PM's concerns. \"We even dropped the consent of livelihood owners for acquisition, and the bill would come into effect prospectively,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16456115", "title": "Auto drivers to become gentlemen for Conference of Parties-11", "text": "HYDERABAD: If city traffic cops have their way, Hyderabad residents would be in for a pleasant surprise. After a crash course in etiquette on Tuesday morning, about 500 auto drivers have promised to put up their best performance while the CoP 11 meet is on in the city. Apart from assuring the traffic cops that they would dress up themselves, the autowallahs said they would follow traffic rules, eschew rude behaviour and not fleece the visiting international delegates.Ironically, the image of the auto drivers among the city commuters is exactly the opposite. \"They are never dressed properly, very rude in their behaviour, never follow traffic rules, and fleece passengers. If the drivers change their behaviour at least during the duration of the CoP meet, it will be a welcome development in the city,\" said Rama Devi, a city resident who depends on auto to commute between her residence and place of work.It was a strange meeting that took place on Tuesday morning. On the one side were Cyberabad traffic officials and on the other, the auto drivers, two sides that are ever at war. Addressing this gathering at the NAC building in Hitex, Madhapur police station inspector K Srinath Reddy said: \"There may be many problems and issues between us, but for once let us keep them aside and work together for the upcoming international meeting. The pride and honour of the country is most important and let us show the foreign delegates how warm and friendly we are.\"He appealed to the auto drivers to cooperate with the traffic officials especially on the routes leading to the venue. \"The buses carrying the delegates will travel from various hotels in the city to the meeting venue and these routes are called green channels. Autos plying on these routes should immediately give way to these delegates' buses which have CoP logo on them.\"He further requested the auto drivers not to cheat the foreign delegates as it would bring disrepute to the country. In fact, some auto drivers volunteered to take foreign delegates to the venue of the meeting or to their respective hotels free of cost. P Ravi, an auto driver at the Hi-Tec city auto stand said \"This is a proud moment for the city and hence we have decided to do our bit. Everyday, we have decided to provide free trips two hours in the morning as well as evening to the foreign delegates free of cost. All the autos at our stand near Hi-tec city will be part of this programme. We will also have a CoP logo on our autos so that the delegates can easily identify them\"Drivers briefed on vital junctions, routesMost of the auto drivers present at the meeting were from Madhapur, Gachibowli, Kondapur, Miyapur and Kukatpally. Auto drivers from various stands in Madhapur have also confirmed that they would be providing similar services. However, those well versed with the ways of the 'Hyderabad auto driver' would know that an international delegate wanting to experience a travel in an auto is in all probability certain to be taken for a ride.The officials instructed the auto drivers not to pick quarrels or laze around important junctions near the venue.\"If the delegates like our city and the people, there are chances of new business ventures coming up here and also investments. This would only increase employment opportunities which will be beneficial for citizens\", said D Nagaraju, ACP (traffic), Kukatpally. P Y Giri, additional DCP (traffic), Cyberabad, briefed the drivers on various junctions and routes leading up to the venue which needs to be cleared of haphazard parking of autos.But if wishes are horses, even beggars would ride!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16457219", "title": "Sporadic violence marks J&K; strike over anti-Islam film", "text": "SRINAGAR: The strike called by various groups in Jammu and Kashmir to protest against an 'anti-Islam' film was by-and-large peaceful with sporadic violence reported from some areas on Tuesday, police said.Protestors shouted anti-US slogans and set ablaze a Kulgam Municipality vehicle during a march near Sangarmal Shopping Complex when the police stopped the agitators from taking the rally towards Lal Chowk.Schools, shops, business establishments and fuel stations were closed as the strike had the support of traders associations and several religious groups including Karwan-e-Islam. The strike call was supported by the hardline faction of Hurriyat Conference, JKLF and the Kashmir High Court Bar Association.Molvi Ghulam Rashool Hami, chairman of Karwan-e-Islam said that the protests would continue till the US agrees to completely banning the film. \"It is not enough that US Google has stopped its access in some Muslim countries. The video has hurt the sentiments of the world Muslims and it needs to be banned and scrapped from all media channels,\" Molvi Hami added.The lawyers' body decided to abstain from work as a mark of protest against the film. The roads in the Valley wore a deserted look as public and private transport remained off the roads. There were just some private cars and security force vehicles plying on the roads.A police spokesman said peaceful marches were taken out at many places across the Valley against the controversial movie clips. \"Processions were taken out at many places in the city and no untoward incident was reported from any other area,\" the police said. Peaceful marches were taken out at many places across the valley against the blasphemous movie clips. Some miscreants also appeared at Tengpora Bypass and resorted to stone pelting and were chased away by the police. Peaceful protests were also held in Pampore, Nunar Gandarbal, Kangan, Langate Handwara, Chadoora, Sheeri, Uri, Mir Gund, Pattan, Anantnag and Pulwama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460903", "title": "Countryside people likelier to develop Alzheimer\u2019s", "text": "People who grow up in the countryside may be twice as likely to develop Alzheimer's disease during old age, as compared to those living in the cities, a new study has claimed.Researchers from Edinburgh University found that people who were born and brought up in rural areas were at greater risk of the condition than those from towns and cities, the Telegraph reported.Although the cause of the trend is unclear, the scientists suggested factors like access to health care, or exposure to certain substances in either the countryside or in cities, could have played a role, the report said.Alzheimer's, a form of dementia, affects more than 800,000 in Britain and the number of sufferers is expected to double by 2050, due to the ageing population, it added.The researchers studied 51 academic papers containing data on the medical records of 12,580 people from around the world, published over several decades.Rates of dementia as a whole did not differ greatly between rural and urban dwellers, but for Alzheimer's specifically there was a marked difference, according to the results.Dr Tom Russ, who led the study, emphasized the difference between the two groups could be down to benefits associated with living with cities, rather than harmful factors linked to the countryside.\"We don't really know the mechanism. It could be to do with access to health care, exposure to some unknown substance, socioeconomic factors, or a number of other factors,\" he said.\"We're currently looking into this question in more detail,\" he added.The findings are published in the International Journal of Epidemiology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16458941", "title": "Former Maoist seeks admission in Ranchi university", "text": "RANCHI: Madhup Munda alias Rohit Munda, a former Maoist of Kundan Pahan's group, who surrendered himself to police on June 12, 2011 with the hope of getting a better future arrived at Ranchi University on Tuesday under police custody to take admission in postgraduate course of Mundari language. Munda said, \"I received first division in all the examinations from matriculation and intermediate to graduation so Kundan Pahan made me join his group promising a better life as he only appoints studious people. When I realized what I was doing was wrong, I surrendered.\"After spending a year in the lock up, Munda realised he should continue with his studies. \"I want to study further and become a lecturer at some college. This way I will not just teach students but will also promote my mother tongue,\" he said.Ram Kishan Munda, Madhup's father, who accompanied him to the university said, \"I will be happy when my son finishes his course. He had been branded a Naxalite and his future was dark but now we do see a ray of hope.\"City SP Vipul Shukla said ones who have surrendered and wants to continue with studies can definitely do so. \"I don't know about this particular case but usually those who take admission are either out on bail or they take special permission from the court to continue education,\" he said.The pro vice-chancellor of Ranchi University, V P Sharan said they are ready to help anybody who wants to excel in education without taking into account their background or criminal records. \"If a person is eligible and will be able to attend classes we will definitely give admission,\" he said, adding, \"Soon distance learning courses will begin too and jail inmates will be able to study without attending class. We are making a proposal which will be submitted to HRD. When it is approved anybody will be able to sit for examination without attending classes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16449172", "title": "NGO SANA organised a social awareness function in Delhi", "text": "Sanchaita Gajapathi Raju was busy greeting her guests at a recent function organized by her NGO SANA (Social Awareness, Newer Alternatives) at a school in the city.With her mother, Uma, helping her out, she ensured that things were in place before the arrival of CM Sheila Dikshit , for the inauguration of the capital's first solar water treatment plant there.The students who were standing at the gate waiting for the CM were busy rehearsing the lines they had to say when Dikshit entered the school. U-19 cricketer Unmukt Chand's father, Bharat Chand Thakur, who is an economics teacher at the East Delhi school, was diligently clicking the political bigwigs who were present at the event. He told us, \"I am the official photographer of the school. The photographs I click always go in the school magazine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458827", "title": "Govt to smooth way for FDI by tweaking Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: To facilitate entry of big retail chains into the fruits, vegetables, food grains, poultry and flowers market under the new FDI regime, the Delhi government will first have to break the monopoly of authorized market committees on wholesale trade.An amendment to the Delhi Agricultural Produce Marketing (regulation) Act 1998 may be needed to allow the retail chains to deal directly with farmers and producers. The present legislation provides farmers access to licensed agents, who deal with market committees and enable farmers to sell their produce in wholesale markets like Azadpur Mandi.Worried that FDI will affect indigenous trade in retail and wholesale markets, Confederation of All India Traders, supported by BJP, has decided to carry out nationwide protests on Thursday. State BJP President Vijender Gupta said protests will be held at 100 places in the city.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has welcomed the the Union government's decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail, calling it a step forward. The CM feels this will check wastage of food and vegetables, improve quality and open up job opportunities. \"At present, 35% to 40% of food items, mainly vegetables, get spoilt, but with FDI there should a marked improvement. I am certain we will be able to prevent wastage,\" Dikshit said.She added that the decision also means better quality, wider availability, and greater choice in terms of rate. On how FDI will impact local vendors and wholesale markets, Dikshit said, \"Those who will open these chains will also buy from our wholesale markets. Farmers will be benefited by FDI.\"Discussing the implementation of FDI in Delhi, chief secretary P K Tripathi said, \"We will focus on creating an enabling environment. We may need to amend the Delhi Agricultural Produce Marketing (regulation) Act. But this just a technical change in the provisions.\" Tripathi, however, disagreed that by breaking the monopoly of the market committees, the big retail chains will be able to take over the existing system.\"The big chains may be able to access the farmers and tie up with them, but the well-established wholesale markets will not be eclipsed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16457179", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's unpredictable streak", "text": "KOLKATA: Unpredictability is what defines Mamata Banerjee , agree her arch-rivals and admirers. Her associates had lost hope when Mamata lost the 2001 assembly elections in West Bengal after walking out of the NDA government following the Tehelka expose. Her party's downslide touched the nadir in 2004 Lok Sabha polls when she was the only Trinamool Congress MP elected. In the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, Mamata made a comeback with 19 MPs.Throughout her history of flip-flops, Mamata mostly had her finger on the pulse of the people though. She buried the past and positioned herself each time she joined a different political coalition. The only constant: she has never finished a full term as an ally in a coalition at the Centre.Congress veterans recalled how Mamata as the Union sports minister in Narasimha Rao government in 1993 took to the streets in Kolkata against her own government. She had publicly offered to resign from the ministry alleging that the government did not heed her proposals to improve sports in the country. Several seniors in her party, the Congress, had called her a \"mad woman\"; some of her party colleagues still do.Mamata's relationship with the BJP was stormy, too. While an NDA minister Mamata had stopped attending the coordination committee meeting. NDA convenor George Fernandes flew down to her Harish Chatterjee Street residence to make peace with the Trinamool chief. Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, too, visited her Kolkata home, but Mamata went her way. She resigned as railway minister after the Tehelka expose, but she returned to the NDA cabinet as coal minister.Since then Mamata has been swaying between two poles of Indian politics \u2014 the Congress and the BJP. Trinamool insiders said Mamata is eyeing the emergence of a Third Front to counter Congress' \"blackmailing\".On Tuesday, she said, \"The Congress is playing games with parties. Pick Mamata or Mulayam or Mayawati to keep the government running. We are the second largest UPA ally. But, I am sorry to say we didn't get our due. We were kept in the dark while major decisions were taken at the Centre. The Congress has always blackmailed.\"Mamata, however, had a bad experience with Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh in the run-up to the presidential polls, but she hasn't lost hope. \"Some have been saying losing the railway ministry will be bad for us. So what? Who knows a situation could arise when our party may have to handle many more portfolios and not just railway?\" she said.Mamata's flip flop in politics:1993: Mamata Banerjee, as Union sports minister, protests against the Narasimha Rao government's alleged indifference to her proposal to improve sports in the country. Stripped off her portfolio2000: Mamata presents railway budget. She and Trinamool colleague Ajit Panja resign from the Cabinet to protest against petroleum price hike. Later, withdraws resignation2001: Mamata pulls out of Atal Behari Vajpayee's cabinet after the Tehelka expose2012: Mamata pulls out of UPA, keeps a 72-hour window open for the Congress to accept her demands", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456274", "title": "Octroi rates in Deolali to be scaled down", "text": "NASHIK: After various traders lodged protest against the recent hike in octroi levy, the Deolali Cantonment Board has decided to reduce it.The octroi revision committee, comprising elected members, including chief executive officer of Deolali Cantonment Board Amol Jagtap, took place on Tuesday.Jagtap said that the octroi levy will be reduced considering the sentiments of the Deolali Camp residents and the traders. The revision will be a major relief to them, he said, adding that a proposal for octroi reduction will be sent to the higher authorities of the cantonment board for a nod.Jagtap also said that octroi rates in Deolali Camp will be on a par with that of Nashik Municipal Corporation's octroi rates.The Deolali Cantonment Board from August 1 had hiked the octroi by 1%-3% on general goods and 3%- 4% on heavy materials. However, the hike decision had invited the wrath of traders.Traders and shopkeepers in Deolali Camp had said that due to the octroi rate hike, goods in the area had become costlier than in the adjoining Bhagur or markets under the Nashik Municipal Corporation jurisdiction.After traders protested the hike, the issue of octroi revision was taken up at the last board meeting, wherein a committee was formed, which decided to revise the octroi rates considering sentiments of citizens.However, Jagtap refrained from commenting on the level of octroi revision and the commodities on which it will be levied but said that it will be according to legal provisions and will be effective soon the higher office approves it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16458872", "title": "Rainwater harvesting system: HUDA plans to adopt TN model", "text": "GURGAON: In order to make rainwater harvesting mandatory in Gurgaon, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is planning to adopt the Tamil Nadu model in which houses without this system lose their drinking water connection. Speaking to TOI, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar said, \"Gurgaon will be immensely benefited if the Tamil Nadu government's model of rainwater harvesting system is adopted in the state. We have proposed this model to the state government.\"In Gurgaon, rainwater harvesting system is not mandatory in both municipal and HUDA areas.The HUDA administrator claimed that switching over to the Tamil Nadu model will bolster the depleting groundwater table in the region.Before recommending to the headquarters, HUDA has closely examined the amendments in Building Rules by the Tamil Nadu government that were enforced in 2003.\"The groundwater situation improved in all the places where the rainwater harvesting systems were set up and I have no doubt that it can happen in Gurgaon also,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16458472", "title": "Panel for rejection of Adani's Lohara mining proposal", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A five member panel of senior officers headed by CCF, Chandrapur (territorial) BSK Reddy has submitted its study report on Adani Power Ltd's revised proposal for mining in Lohara forest near TATR. The panel recommended rejection of the mining proposal in the tiger corridor in the report submitted to PCCF (wildlife).The committee in its report, for the first time has officially appreciated the importance of TATR tiger corridors. The report states, \"The proposed forest compartments (for mining) are adjoining to the notified buffer zone area of TATR and part of continuous corridor zone for movement of wild animals including tiger. The corridor traverses from southern part of TATR and continues up to Andhra Pradesh state border.\"TOI has a copy of the report submitted to PCCF (wildlife) by study panel. The report also points out that, \"TATR has connectivity to other protected areas mainly through eastern and southern side which extends to Chhattisgarh , Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. The mining lease allotted to Adani Power Ltd falls in this corridor and would thus result in fragmentation of this corridor.\"The report points out that any mining activity allowed around TATR would result in its isolation from rest of Central India landscape which would jeopardize the survival of tigers in the reserve. Isolation of healthy population would lead to gradual deterioration of tiger reserve. The mining and other related activity would adversely affect wildlife movement outside protected area, claims the report.State government had recently declared Umred-Karangla as a wildlife sanctuary. This sanctuary that lies to the north-east of TATR has been created to provide the tigers migrating out of Tadoba a safe passage.Wildlife activist, Bandu Dhotre had been demanding mapping and digitization of the Tadoba tiger corridors during his 10-day long hunger strike in July seeking conservation of tiger. Dhotre has welcomed study panel's decision to reject Adani's proposal.He said, \"Tiger corridors serve as lifeline for tiger population in TATR. However, these tiger corridors are under severe threat due to mining and irrigation projects, expanding human habitation and negligence of forest department. Hence mapping and digitization of tiger corridors is necessary to identify the threats to it and also to enlist the remedial measures to deal with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16461581", "title": "Now, 'grain bowl' Punjab to grow olives", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab - the granary of India with 40% of rice and 70% of wheat share to the central pool in India has - for long filled up the delicious platters of gourmet lovers in the country.Now, add olives to the list.In a state, where love for everything dairy is apparent in every culinary creation consumed, the surging appetite to move away from greasy and clumpy repast will see the production of this Mediterranean fruit, known best for its use as a body oil and as topping inside multi- grain sandwiches or on pizzas.On Tuesday, the Punjab government approved olive cultivation as a pilot project by PAU after a team from Rajasthan's state agency - Rajasthan Olive Cultivation Ltd (ROCL) and a private firm gave a presentation to CM Parkash Badal.While CM was not available for comments, dy CM Sukhbir Badal spoke to TOI over the phone from Lambi on the latest crop addition to state's agricultural production.\"The concept of olive cultivation will have two benefits: one the extensive health benefits of olives and second that farmers will can juggle between diversified crops\" dy CM Sukhbir Badal told TOI over the phone.In Rajasthan, ROCL which is a collaborative effort by the state government and an Israel company is already expecting about about 150 tonnes of olive oil from the pilot plantations spread over 182 hectares in Jaipur, Bikaner, Sri Ganganagar and so on.Speaking exclusively to TOI, the visiting Rajasthan officials shared the presentation details on Rajasthan's olive cultivation success and Punjab's chances to have a larger olive production because of its geographical location.\"If a desert state can grow, Punjab will reap bigger benefits. The promise of olives is attracting leading olive oil manufacturers to tap India's growing demand for healthy cooking oil \" Surinder Singh Shekhawat, dy director Rajasthan Agricultural Competitive Project and ex-COO of ROCL, told TOI.In Punjab, where the traditional agriculture is not a profitable venture anymore due to the squeezed margins on low and static MSP, the remunerative return from olive cultivation may be another attraction.At present, wheat cultivation in Punjab earns farmers annual profits of about Rs20,000 per hectare.Olive production in Rajasthan has earned farmers more than Rs 2.5 lakh per hectare, according to agricultralists.The financial commissioner for development has been deputed to draft the policy to provide subsidy to the farmers interested in the olive cultivation.\"We will have the cultivation in two phases. Pne is the experiment project by PAU. And other is subsidy plan offered to farmers who will opt for olive plantation\" said G S Sandhu, financial commissioner(development).The aid structure would remain the same as existing 75% subsidy on drip and sprinkler schemes for irrigation including nozzles, tubes, valves and so on.\"At present, almost 100% of olive oil is imported. This will save the foreign exchange as worldwide there are only few areas which are suitable for olive cultivation\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16456151", "title": "Congress MPs to take part in Telangana March", "text": "HYDERABAD: Upbeat at the possibility of a forward movement in New Delhi on the separate state demand, Telangana activists stepped up their activity here on Friday. The region's Congress MPs decided that they would whole-heartedly take part in the Chalo Hyderabad March planned by the Telangana Joint Action Committee (JAC) on September 30. This was even as the Telangana Congress MLAs held a meeting on Tuesday and decided to follow the region's ministers in the Kiran cabinet and write a letter to Congress president Sonia Gandhi urging her to speed up the process for the creation of the separate state.The discussion held on Telangana by the Congress high command at Sonia's residence on Monday evening and the letter written by 15 ministers in the Kiran Cabinet to the Congress chief triggered hectic activity among the T Congress MPs. They first met at the residence of Pedapalli MP G Vivek on Monday night and followed it up with another at former Rajya Sabha MP K Keshava Rao's on Tuesday morning.It was after the second meeting, in which TJAC convenor M Kodandaram was also present, that the region's Congress MPs decided to actively take part in the Chalo Hyderabad March. \"We will fully participate in the march. The modalities of our participation in the march are being worked out. The Congress MPs from Telangana have no reservations in taking part in such an event,\" Keshava Rao said.No unanimity among Telangana MLAsNizamabad MP Madhu Yaskhi charged that three non-T MPs, KVP Ramachandra Rao, Kavuri Sambasiva Rao and Lagadapati Rajagopal, were doing their best to scuttle the consultations on T and asked the Seemandhra leaders not to create any hurdle to the March.\"The Telangana March will be a turning point in the struggle for the separate state,\" Yaskhi said. But the unanimity as displayed by the MPs on the T-issue was not that forthcoming from the region's ruling party MLAs, both on the issue of taking part in the Chalo Hyderabad March and writing a letter to Sonia.Chief whip Gandra Venkataramana Reddy said the MLAs can participate in the march in their individual capacity. \"The decision is left to them. The party MLAs are yet to discuss the issue of supporting the Hyderabad March as a group,\" he said.Meanwhile, Medchal Congress MLA M Lakshma Reddy on Tuesday launched a drive to get the ruling party legislators from the region to sign a joint letter to Sonia urging her to speed up the Telangana process.However, according to sources, quite a few MLAs are reluctant to sign the letter as they apprehend that such a move could scuttle their chances of making it to the Kiran cabinet during a reshuffle. \"In any case, we hope to have a sizable number of signatories by the time the letter is sent to Delhi on Thursday,\" a legislator said.Kodandaram, meanwhile, led a T-JAC delegation to governor E S L Narasimhan to urge him to allow the city police to give permission for their march on September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459667", "title": "1.80 kg hairs removed from 19-yr-old girl's stomach", "text": "INDORE: Habit of eating her hair as well as chalks bits in school landed a girl to operation theatre here. A 1.80 kg chunk of 'hairs' was removed from a girl's stomach after a three-hour long surgery at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) here on Tuesday. The 19-year-old girl from Rajgarh district had the chunk of hair wrapped around a chalk-like substance weighing nearly 1.80 kg between her stomach and duodenum.According to the doctors, the 1.80 kg bunch of hair was perhaps the highest ever recorded amount till date. Dr P S Lubana, a surgeon at MYH said, \"So far, we have got to know about maximum of 1.25 grams of hair being removed. This is perhaps the highest amount being operated so far.\"The patient was being referred from Jaipur to MYH hospital after complaints of abdominal pain, no intake of water and food for the last couple of days and was admitted at MYH on Saturday. After examining her, doctors found a chunk of hair in between her stomach and duodenum and decided to remove it surgically.A team of doctors including Dr R K Mathur, Dr P S Lubana, Dr Amit Agarwal, Dr Ashish Dubey along with residents Dr Ashish Dubey, Dr Abhay Bhramne and Dr Chaitnya Deshmukh performed the successful gastrotomy, which lasted for nearly three hours.The girl apparently had the habit of eating her hair and chalk in the class room, and developed intestine obstruction.Eating hair, chalk is a psychological problemDoctors say that swallowing chalk and hair over a period of time is a sign of psychological problem. They warn that the problem can worsen if due attention is not paid towards the child.Dr Amit Agarwal, a resident doctor at MYH where the girl having a 1.80 kg of chunk of hairs and chalks was operated upon, said, \"Such cases happen as the child feels neglected at home. The child starts eating foreign objects unknowingly. The psychology can worsen if timely attention is not paid. Patients suffering from such problems need to be reviewed time to time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16456226", "title": "Paddy fields, water bodies' databank out", "text": "KOZHIKODE: State revenue minister Adoor Prakash has announced the publication of a comprehensive databank of paddy fields and water bodies in the state.Speaking at a press conference at the district collectorate on Monday, the minister said the databank would be has been madeavailable in all panchayat offices, village offices and Krishi bhavans across the state from Monday onwards.\"With the publication of the databank the state government can now look forward to strict implementation of laws against illegal conversion of paddy fields,\" the minister said. The ministerHe added that the government would take steps to restrict the sale and transfer of paddy land only for agricultural use. , he said.The minister said that the total acreage area of paddy fields in the state had come down drastically from 8 lakh hectares to 2 lakh hectares ever since the enactment of the Kerala Conservation of Paddy and Wetland Act in 2008.Earlier, inaugurating the title deed distribution function at the Town Hall, the minister said the state government would enact a legislation to take over land from large scale landencroachers to distribute it among landless people.He said there were 2.33 lakh families in the state who did not have a single inch of land. \"We need at least 800 acres to distribute at least three cents to the landless families.\" The minister said that Harrisons Malayalam alone owned was having 69,000 acres of land with them. \"There are many other large-scale encroachers and the government will take over their land by enacting a new legislation,\" he added. As many as 1016 title deeds were distributed at the function, which was presided over by minister for social welfare Dr M K Muneer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458445", "title": "Witness identifies accused in court in Monica murder trial", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the witnesses in the Monica Kirnapure murder trial identified the accused on Tuesday while deposing before the Nagpur district and sessions court. Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam said the witness, Aslam Khan, gave a fair idea of what actually happened that day to judge VN Tambi.\"On that morning, at about 10.30am, I heard someone shout and came out to see what had happened. I saw two boys stabbing a young girl with a knife. I shouted and rushed towards them, but by the time I reached the girl, the boys had run away. The knife was sticking out on her back and undoubtedly she was critically injured,\" Khan told the court. \"Two men rushed her to hospital in an autorickshaw and also informed her parents about what had happened,\" he added.Nikam said that Aslam identified the two accused and also the knife which was used to stab Monica. The next hearing is on Thursday.Another witness on Tuesday was Monica's father Dashrath Kirnapure, who narrated the incident just like her mother Vandana did on Monday.Monica, a third-year student from Rajashree Mulak College of Engineering, was repeatedly stabbed on March 11 last year in full public glare. While Umesh Awthankar had lodged the police complaint, ex-corporator Moreshwar Dhote took Monica to a nearby hospital where she was declared 'brought dead'. Her daring murder in broad daylight rocked the city and resulted in massive outrage against the police.A massive campaign was launched under the title 'Justice for Monica' by citizens as cops failed to nab her assailants for a long time. Many marches were organized to express solidarity with Kirnapures. It all ended after police booked seven persons for her murder. Monica's father Dashrath had appealed to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister RR Patil to appoint Nikam to plead his daughter's case, as they wished nothing less than death penalty for her killers. The charge sheet in the case was filed in June last year, but the trial began an year later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456609", "title": "Patient raped in mental hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: A -36-year-old patient at a government mental hospital was allegedly raped by an employee on Monday night, bringing back memories of the systematic sexual torture of inmates at a state-run rehab home in Gurap.The victim was on the way to recovery when she was raped.The accused, Group D staffer Premanth Prasad, was arrested from the hospital on Tuesday afternoon.According to sources, two nurses of Lumbini Park Mental Hospital found the patient and Prasad in a toilet around 8.45pm on Monday. She was nude and clearly in trauma, said hospital sources.The nurses were alarmed and rushed to protect the patient as Prasad slipped away. After patiently speaking to her for a while, they learnt that she had been sexually assaulted. They immediately informed their superiors, including medical superintendent Jayanya Maitra.On Tuesday morning, hospital officials conducted an internal probe and found evidence against Prasad that corroborated the victim's version. The hospital lodged a rape complaint at Kasba police station.Investigators found that Prasad, who lives close to the hospital near the Bondel Road flyover, has been working there for a long time and enjoyed significant clout over the other employees.\"As soon as the hospital superintendent filed a complaint, we rushed to the spot and arrested Prasad,\" said P K Ghosh, joint commissioner, crime. Police have charged Prasad under Section 376 D IPC \u2014 intercourse by any member of the management or staff with any woman in a hospital.\"We took prompt action and informed those senior to us,\" said Maitra, who took over as superintendent a month and a half ago.A section of the employees, however, blamed mismanagement of the hospital for the crime. \"The officials do not come to the hospital regularly. Also, no senior official stays in the hospital at night, which allows the Group D staff to have their way. After sundown, the hospital becomes their den,\" said a hospital staff, who alleged that Prasad was not on duty when the crime occurred.Some officials alleged that a section of the staff physically abused the patients, but nobody dared protest. \"It's good that the hospital authorities did not hush up the case. At least, they went ahead and lodged a complaint,\" said another employee.Nurses said that the victim has been undergoing treatment at the hospital since 2004. \"She has recovered a lot in the past few months and was very close to being completely cured. But the sexual assault has left her utterly traumatized. It may hinder the process of recovery,\" said a nurse.Both the patient and the accused were taken for the medical test on Tuesday. Police have seized her clothes for forensic examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458613", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to revise City Centre proposal, invite tenders", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will prepare a revised proposal for the construction of the City Centre, a commercial and business hub, in Chinchwad and invite bids for the project.The project is slated to come up on a 33.5 acre plot near the autocluster in Chinchwad along the Kalewadi phata-Dehu-Alandi Bus Rapid Transit System route off Pune-Mumbai highway.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said the project will be implemented on Build-Operate-Transfer basisfor which permission is required from Maharashtra Urban Infrastructure. Land for the project will be given on a long-term lease.Pardeshi said, \"About 50% of the area in the centre will be reserved for commercial, 32% for retail and 18% for residential purposes. We want to develop the project like the Bandra Kurla Complex in Mumbai so that it serves as a landmark. We want to create a central business district.\"Two years ago, when the proposal for the City Centre came up, the administration had not fixed the minimum amount which the private contractor would pay the civic body. It had received bids from private contractors, but there were allegations that the offer amount was very low and the civic body would suffer losses. In 2010, the PCMC had received three bids for the project. The highest bidder increased his bid from Rs 177 crore to Rs 200 crore.This time, the minimum price for the bids has been decided at Rs 350 crore. The bidder will have to pay 30% of the amount upfront and the remaining 70% amount in five years, Pardeshi said.Earlier, mayor Mohini Lande presided over a meeting of elected members about the project in Pimpri. There were discussions on fixing the rates as per the prevalent market rates while inviting bids for the project, publishing advertisements at global levels to attract competitive bids, deciding the terms and conditions and other issues.Rajendra Bangera, director, urban practice department, Crisil made a presentation about the project. He said every big city has one such centre and Pimpri Chinchwad needed the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460817", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival: Bhopal Municipal Corporation to launch municipal administration system facility today", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) will launch the municipal administration system (MAS), an e-governance initiative under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), on Wednesday (Sept 19) to facilitate online payment of water cess and property taxes. The web site for MAS is www.bmconline.gov.in.\"We are inaugurating MAS facility on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi, an auspicious day,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"MAS will be inaugurated at the Mata Mandir office of the BMC,\" he added.The MAS is a business process re-engineering system which will facilitate the payment of property tax, water bills, registrations of birth and death certificates, building permissions, register complaints in grievance cell among others.\"Due to the transparency of the system MAS will help in increasing revenue receipts of the corporation as defaulters and non-payers can be identified instantly,\" BMC officials said.The BMC has also developed 103 centers for the common man to use on-line service where they would also be provided with technical staff to help them use the service. These 103 centers include 70 ward offices, 14 zonal offices and 19 other BMC offices.However, despite computerization, manual systems will also be available for the people who do not wish to use the web services, official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16459908", "title": "Peace panel at dist level to be reconstituted", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu police will reconstitute peace committee comprising people with \"clean image\" at every police station in the district, SP A T Mathew has said.The reconstitution of the committees will be more pragmatic and police will verify the background of the people before nominating them into the committees. \"Certain people who are in the peace committee adopt double standards. They will be weeded out and persons with clean image, neutral position and having a command over various social issues will be preferred (in the panel),\" the SP said on Sunday. Mathew said the existing committees appeared to have outlived.Recalling how an anti-police demonstration was staged on Friday here in Daltonganj, the SP said, \"A couple of members of Daltonganj police station were in fact steering the agitation.\"Asked in a democracy a demonstration is not unlawful, Mathew said, \"Surely not, but not by blocking public roads and disrupting transport for hours. Peace committee members engineered all the trouble for maintenance of peace.\"The SP said police had photographs of the members of the peace committee who were bent upon to disturb the peace on that day. Cases were registered against them for damaging windscreens of police vehicles during the anti-police stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455700", "title": "Vishwa Hindu Parishad protests against ban on immersion of Ganesh idols", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 70 members of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) staged a protest outside the city police commissioner's office in Shahibaug on Tuesday over the ban on immersion of Ganesh idols. The leaders demanded the removal of the ban, which they said hurt the sentiments of devotees.The group was not allowed to enter the premises of the commissioner office. The group was greeted with nearly 100 policemen led by five officers. The VHP members showed black flags.Ranchhod Bharwad, general secretary of VHP, Ahmedabad, said: \"When it comes to Hindus, why do they think of artificial tanks and banning of immersion? Every festival has curtailments for one reason or another. We will continue our protests against the policy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455637", "title": "State BJP to support nationwide bandh call", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state BJP has decided to support the nationwide bandh call by the NDA. The bandh has been called for to protest against the recent fuel price hike and the UPA's decision of introducing FDI in retail. The BJP-led NDA will hold a nationwide protest on September 20.A meeting of BJP leaders was held in the state on Tuesday, at which it was unanimously decided to support the bandh. It was also decided that national leaders would be in the state to support the bandh. While Rajya Sabha Member Smriti Irani will be in Ahmedabad, National spokesperson Nirmala Sitaraman will be in Vadodara.BJP leaders said that Balbir Punj , incharge of the state, will be in Navsari and national vice president Purshottam Rupala in Amreli. State president R C Faldu will stay in Rajkot. Each office-bearer has been allotted a district to make the bandh a total success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16449005", "title": "Robert Horry dunk entertain Delhi", "text": "There were a number of awestruck faces during an evening that saw sports commentator and former American basketball player Robert Horry dunk, take three-point shots and flaunt his basketball skills.Everyone cheered saying 'good shoot' and applauded Horry's fancy moves.\"This is an awesome experience,\" said Shivam from the Motilal Nehru College basketball team, who was there to take part in the three-on-three tournament in the city. \"The interaction with this international player is amazing. It's inspiring for us players when we watch his technique,\" said Digvijay, another basketball player present there.One of the aspects of the initiative that brought Horry to India, NBA 3X, was to merge sports and entertainment and so Hard Kaur also performed here. She was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd that danced along as she sang Move Your Body and other songs.We caught up with an excited group of American cheerleaders at the event who told us, \"The crowd here is so much more enthusiastic than it is back in the US. People are more passionate here and that helps us perform better. It's a lot of fun to be a part of this.\"Sakshi Budhraja", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457372", "title": "Heavy rain stalls tiger-tracking operation in Pilibhit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Incessant rain has stalled the tiger-tracking operation in Pilibhit. The forest department has stopped combing in the area due to flooding. At least two man-eating tigers are on the prowl in Pilibhit. The forest officers are yet to localise the big cats.\"We have set up cages and are tying baits to lure the big cats,\" said divisional forest officer, Pilibhit, AP Sinha. The forest division has reported several man-eating incidents in the past.The tiger-eating incidents have been reported from Jaspura and Puranpur areas of Pilibhit. On August 31, a man was attacked and killed by a tiger. His half eaten body was found at Gajraula village in Jaspura. Some tiger attack cases were also reported from this area last month. Forest officers claim a tiger cub is on the prowl in the area. On September 5, a man was killed in Khamaria village in Puranpur range of the Social Forestry Division of Pilibhit. On September 6, a woman was found dead in Ruria Salempur village in the same range of social forestry. Her body had been partially eaten with one leg missing. According to forest officers, a tigress hiding in cane fields with her cubs has killed and eaten humans.A team of forest officers and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) has been camping in the area. Last week, the team had fired the dart at a tiger but failed to trap it as the big cat disappeared in the forest. The team is still to localise the big cat.At least four cubs have strayed out of the forest area in this division. Though officers have not confirmed the number of stray tigers, they do not deny that man-tiger conflict has been on the rise in Pilibhit.In May, two tigers were poisoned to death by villagers after the incidents of cattle lifting increased in the area. This time, too, stray tigers are under threat after man-eating incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16458353", "title": "Beating a different tune", "text": "MADURAI: A judicial magistrate court at Valliyur town in Tirunelveli district has issued an arrest warrant for anti-nuclear activist, S P Udayakumar.Judge J Cristal Babitha issued the warrant after Udayakumar failed to honour the summons issued by her ordering him to appear in the court on Tuesday in connection with the cases pending against him. His wife, Meera Udayakumar, however, appeared in the court as she was also cited as an accused in one of the cases for unlawful assembly.The advocates argued that the summons was not served directly to Udayakumar. However, the judge refused to accept the argument stating that the news of the summons appeared in all media. She later issued the non-bailable arrest warrant for Udayakumar while asking Meera to appear again on October 9. Meera told reporters that she was not connected with the case and she was framed by the police.Meanwhile, Udayakumar who came out from hiding visited Idinthakarai and addressed the protesting villagers. Udayakumar told reporters that he would not court arrest and that he would face the cases legally. \"Police have been unleashing atrocity on us. Transportation of essential commodities to Idinthakarai are being prevented. Villagers are threatened with police cases. But we would continue the protest in a non-violent manner,\" he said.On lack of support from political leaders in Tamil Nadu, while Kerala's V S Achuthanandan was expressing solidarity, he said that it was awful that even the local MLA and MP were not sympathetic towards the protesting villagers.Udayakumar has declared that the protesters would lay siege to Kudankulam plant. \"Since the government has been silent and not responded to the people's demands, the community has decided to lay siege to the Kudankulam nuclear power plant. A decision on besieging the plant will be taken after a meeting on Wednesday,\" he said. He also urged upon the chief minister J Jayalalithaa to speak for the people.He condemned the Tamil Nadu police action in stopping V S Achuthanandan from entering Idinthakarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16461522", "title": "'Smit has no complexity'", "text": "Ahmedabad: It's been few weeks now that India U-19 team lifted the World Cup held Down Under of which two Gujarat boys Smit Patel and Rush Kalaria were part of. And if one has any impression that success has gone in the head of these boys then think twice. For Kishan Chako, childhood friend of wicketkeeper batsman Smit Patel, it will be difficult to corrupt his childhood friend.\"I have known him since I was in class VI and he in VII. We have played together in school tournaments,\" Kishan said.\"Though he went ahead with the sport, he was always there for his friends. There is no air or superiority complex in him. And I don't think he will change,\" Kishan said.Attributing this to his friend's religious bend, Kishan said, \"He is a religious person and visits temples regularly. We even went to Ganeshpura together before he embarked for the World Cup.\"\"You can call it superstition but I think that helps him in keeping calm and ready to face the tougher challenges in his game as well as in life,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16458497", "title": "'Ferrari ki sawari' to welcome Ganesha", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The birthday festivities of Lord Ganesha are going to be a rocking affair this time, with popular movie songs jostling for space with traditional chants of ''Ganpati bappa mourya''.Nanda Kawale, a Maharashtrian in the city, and her team are eager to go all the nine yards in draping a typical Marathi style saree this Ganesh Chaturthi, adorning themselves with a gajra and nose pin, and swinging to the beats of Bollywood number \"Mala Jau dea\" like Vidya Balan in \"Ferrari ki Sawari\".With 300 families from Maharashtra in the Tricity, Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations are getting bigger every year. This time, the tempo of festivities is set to increase with Lavani songs - genre of music popular in Maharashtra - like Bhugadi Mahji Sandali Gaa. A combination of traditional song and dance, Lavani is known for its powerful rhythm and erotic sentiment. The show planned by Kawale's group will take viewers down memory lane, with performances on Marathi songs from the movies of the 70s to Katrina Kaif's number in \"Agneepath\".\"We are able to hold such a show here as there aren't many other organisations from Maharashtra,\" smiled Kawale as she got her breath back after the gruelling rehearsal.Food is another important aspect of this festival. Sangeeta Belokar, a resident of Sector 14, has begun preparing modaks (special laddoos) for the big day. \"Every year, we get together and celebrate the festival. Anand mela or food contest is an exciting part of the day. In Maharashtra, a inter-pandal contest is held, but this is not possible here as only one pandal is put up in Maharashtra Bhawan in Sector 19,\" she said.The bhawan has ordered a 2.5-foot tall idol of Ganesh from Pune as it will have colours similar to Lalbaugcha Raja, a popular Ganesha idol kept at Lalbaug, Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16450292", "title": "Lord Ganesh idols made out of newspapers find takers", "text": "MUMBAI: Eco-friendly Ganesh idols made out of newspaper pulp and recycled paper are selling like hot cakes in Virar (east).A workshop organised by local corporator Prashant Raut ahead of the 10-days Ganesh Chaturthi festival beginning on September 19 has been attracting huge crowd, including students.The workshop focused on using newspapers to make idols of various shapes and sizes. The newspapers are drenched in water for four to five days before it is used to make the idols. The water is drained out and the moulds of newspapers are used to make the idols. Natural colours are then used for painting the idols. The idols made out of newspapers immerse in water quickly. Once the idols are ready it is visibly difficult to differentiate it from idols made out of other non-eco-friendly materials.The Vasai Virar Municipal Corporation ( VVMC) has been encouraging eco-friendly Ganesh idols. A large number of devotees have this year switched to eco-friendly idols. Majority of those opting for eco-friendly idols are households. Big and medium size mandals, however, are still going for idols made out of plaster of paris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16457773", "title": "Goa Shipyard Ltd wins rajbhasha award", "text": "The Indira Gandhi Rajbhasha Award for the year 2010-11 was presented to Goa Shipyard Ltd (GSL) by President Pranab Mukherjee , at an impressive ceremony held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi, recently. The GSL has secured third position in the C region category for its persistent effort in promoting the official language policy of the government of India. The Indira Gandhi Raj Bhasha Shield for public sector undertakings was instituted in the year 1986-1987, and is given every year for A, B and C region by the department of official language, Union ministry of home affairs, for outstanding achievement . The work done in Hindi by the undertaking is evaluated according to the norms fixed by the nodal department.Guv, CM, archbishop extend Ganesh greetings: Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo, chief minister Manohar Parrikar and archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao extended their greetings and good wishes to the people of Goa, particularly the Hindu brethren on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi. In his message, the governor stated that Ganesh Chaturthi is a very important religious festival of our country, when Lord Ganesh is venerated and worshipped with a deep sense of devotion, enthusiasm and spirituality by millions of Indians. \"We pray for his divine blessings to be showered on us,\" Wanchoo said. Parrikar said Chaturthi is the festival of the God of wisdom and knowledge and the worship of this God in Goa has been going on since time immemorial. \"During the festival, scattered families get together to worship Lord Ganesha who is the destroyer of all evils and obstacles,\" he said.In his message, the archbishop-patriarch said family togetherness is the hallmark of this festival, when family members return to their ancestral home, a school where so many forms of togetherness and mutual acceptance are learnt. \"And these are the values which go into cultivating the true freedom. It is in this spirit that I call all people of goodwill to work for the common good, such as the defence of life and the dignity of the family, the sound education of children, honesty in daily conduct and the preservation of natural resources,\" Ferrao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16461184", "title": "Tehsil staff boycott work", "text": "Varanasi: Hundreds of income certificate seekers had to return empty handed from Sadar Tehsil on Tuesday as the tehsil staff boycotted their work and staged sit-in stir in support of their demands.Despite the presence of senior officials of district administration and other government departments to take part in tehsil day proceedings, a high drama was visible there.Hundreds of people had queued up at the counters of tehsil offices to submit their applications for seeking income certificate. However, they had to return without submitting the applications even after standing there for several hours as no tehsil staff was present to attend them.They were staging a sit-in demanding closure of Lokvani office. It may be mentioned here that on Saturday the Lokvani and tehsil staffs had clashed in some dispute. After the same incident the tehsil staff adopted warpath. The stir continued till late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16466718", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Dengue alert at mela", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With the state Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme department issuing a dengue alert on Tuesday, the district health department announced precautionary measures at Kadma, which hosts an 18-day fair during Ganesh Chaturthi. The fair draws large crowds from adjoining districts and neighbouring Odisha and Bengal.A large number of food stalls come up in the area during the fair. The stress on cleanliness and hygiene will ensure there are fewer chances of the vector-borne disease from spreading. Although the puja organizers, Bala Ganapati Vilas Samity, regularly clean the area during the fair, the renewed cleanliness drive was necessitated in the wake of the dengue alert.\"I will ask the district malaria officer to take necessary steps in and around the mela area,\" said district surveillance officer, Swaran Singh, who is also the IDSP nodal officer of the district.After five new positive cases of dengue were reported at the Tata Main Hospital, the IDSP issued a dengue alert. The total number of positive cases of dengue in the past six weeks crossed 20. \"There's no dengue casualty so far but we would like to step up precautionary measures to prevent the spread of the disease,\" said Singh.With nearly half-a-dozen giant wheels, merry-go-rounds, a well of death and circus among other entertainment features, the 93-year-old mela registers a footfall of about 10,000 visitors every day from the three districts of Kolhan and also bordering Bengal and Odisha.A senior medical official in the civil surgeon's office said, \"Keeping the mela ground clean is the job of Jusco's health department. However, in the wake of the alert, we will advice the Jamshedpur notified area committee to work in coordination with Jusco and the puja organizers.\"The mela, which was scheduled to be inaugurated by chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday, is perhaps the only mela in the state which runs for weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456523", "title": "Coalgate: CBI questions Jayaswal brothers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Tuesday questioned Abhijeet Group's Manoj Jayaswal and his brother Arvind and asked several questions about former minister of state for coal Santosh Bagrodia's link with the family and their joint venture companies. Both Manoj and Arvind were also extensively questioned about Vijay Darda and other Darda family members allegedly pushing for their coal blocks. Agency sources added that they will soon question Bagrodia and Congress MP Vijay Darda for their alleged role in the scam.Sources said CBI is trying to pin down Manoj, who is considered to be instrumental in getting the coal blocks, taking advantage of the ongoing rift between the brothers. The duo was reportedly asked questions about a family settlement made between the brothers in which the present coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal was made an arbitrator. Both the brothers reportedly brought a set of documents with them, but evaded questions pointed questions, said sources.In another related development, the agency has recommended the extension of tenure of DIG Ravi Kant, an Odisha cadre IPS officer of 1998 batch, who is supervising the coalgate probe. He was supposed to join the Odisha cadre since his tenure at CBI was to end.CBI sources said that they confronted Manoj with several documents related to the three companies - JAS Infrastructure, JLD Yavatmal and AMR Iron and Steel \u2014 that got the coal blocks. Arvind was questioned for the second consecutive day, while Manoj came to the CBI headquarters for the first time. Arvind came to CBI HQ on Tuesday morning, while Manoj arrived there around 6.30 pm.Manoj's son Abhishek had accompanied his uncle Arvind in the morning, but he was reportedly sent back as he was not formally called for questioning.Manoj along with Arvind has been named by the agency in its FIR in which it alleged that the AMR Iron and Steel concealed and misrepresented facts that its group firms were already allocated coal blocks and that it was financially eligible to get the block. He is also named in two other FIRs filed by the agency against JLD Yavatmal and JAS Infrastructure.The Jayaswals were questioned in connection with allegations that the company in order to prove financial eligibility to acquire the block fraudulently claimed that it was a special purpose vehicle of Lokmat Group and ILFS. It also claimed the combined net worth of the 'proposed' vehicle as that of the company's, sources said.Lokmat Group chief Congress MP Vijay Darda, who is also named in one of the CBI FIRs, has refuted all allegations against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456867", "title": "Three hours of chaos as cops, protesters lock horns again", "text": "CHENNAI: Arriving at Spencer Plaza on Anna Salai at 4.30pm on Tuesday, I heard the leader of a Muslim organisation reading out resolutions condemning the United States and US President Barack Obama over the controversial film 'Innocence of Muslims'.Policemen had stopped the protesters near the mall after they attempted to march from the site selected by police near Dams Road and march to the US consulate. Joined by members of various Islamic outfits, the crowd had swelled to 10,000 seething agitators. Traffic had come to a standstill on the busy stretch. Some youngsters pelted stones at police around 4.45pm and policemen responded by lathicharging. The incensed mob soon started shouting slogans again. Police appeared wary, conscious that they were sitting on a powder keg, as youngsters burned the US flag and shouted 'Down Down America' and 'Islam Zindabad'. Demanding an apology for the lathicharge, protesters started throwing stones at the policemen again, leading to another lathicharge.India Towheed Jamaath leader S M Bakkar announced that the protest was over and asked the crowd to disperse but few agitators responded. When protesters refused to disperse, he called upon them to go Makka Masjid for Asar, evening prayers.Protesters then took police by surprise by suddenly dropping to their knees and offering prayers on the road. The crowd went silent as policemen and members of the public looked on in astonishment. The 10 minutes of prayer calmed the agitators. The agitators and police appeared to have reached a detante, but it did not last long. The protesters soon grew impatient and started throwing stones again. Policemen chased them till Makka Masjid where they dispersed. Anna Salai returned to normal and was bustling with vehicles again only at 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16457806", "title": "8-year-old abducted boy found murdered in Bharatpur", "text": "ALWAR: Tension prevailed at Nagar town in Bharatpur district after the body of an eight-year-old boy, who was abducted four days ago, was found in a stepwell on Monday evening.The boy's family and relatives staged a dharna on Tuesday against alleged police inaction and demanded immediate arrest of the kidnappers. Sanjay (8) was kidnapped from his Alwar Road residence on September 13.Angry relatives had earlier gathered at the Indira Circle of Nagar town with the boy's body on Monday evening and pelted stones at police vehicles. Later they also blocked the Bharatpur-Alwar highway.The family alleged the police of not taking the case seriously despite being informed about a ransom note by kidnappers demanding Rs 6 lakh.\"Police was informed on time but still they did not react,\" said Ram Bharosi, the child's uncle.He said that a missing report of the child was lodged at the concerned police station on September 13. Later, when the family received a ransom note on September15, a case of kidnap was lodged at the Nagar police station.After an assurance from the police on speedy investigation in the case, the protesters ended the sit-in. \"At 2pm, the family finally agreed to end their dharna and perform the last rites of the child. We have assured them that those behind the crime will be arrested soon,\" said Anand Srivastav, IG, Bharatpur range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457856", "title": "Goans have their backs to the wall", "text": "PANAJI: The disappointement in Subhash Bhowmick's voice was unmistakable\"My concern is not that we have not had a single competitive match ahead of the Federation Cup. I just don't like the state of the ground (in Silliguri).\"It's been raining here for a while and I am afraid teams will not be able to play football the way they wish,\" said the Churchill Brothers technical director.Bhowmick knows more than a thing about Indian football, and even more about the state of Bengal's notoriously slow grounds. The one at the Kanchenjungha Stadium in Siliguri -- home constituency of Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee -- is muddy and soft, something Goan teams dislike the most.Whatever Bhowmick might say, Churchill's lack of competitive matches could stick out like a sore thumb. Agreed, like Bhowmick stressed, the team has got satisfactory results in numerous friendlies, but playing early-morning at the Chowgule artificial turf and slugging it out in Silliguri, with your back to the wall, and an apparent crowd of 30,000 against you, can never mean the same.As for Salgaocar Sports Club , these are still early days, although coach Karim Bencherifa has spoken of positive vibes. Whether it's the new strikeforce of Australian Sean Rooney or Philippines striker Angel Guirado, Salgaocar - at least in training and friendlies - have looked much stronger defensively, and while moving forward, have showed collective intent, the hallmark of all Bencherifa's teams.\"This is a different side and I am pleased with what they have been doing in training,\" said Bencherifa, emphasizing how the sidebacks have been urged to move higher and midfielders rotate their way around.\"The only concern is that the Federation Cup has come too early. The timing is not perfect, especially for a tournament that will send its winner to the AFC Cup and it's the second most important tournament after the I-League,\" said Bencherifa whose team had to endure a harried 14-hour journey from Goa before they could reach Jamshedpur, after stops at Mumbai, Patna and Ranchi.Unlike their Bengal rivals, Dempo Sports Club will find themselves severely crippled. The absence of a single competitive match -- thanks to the Goa Pro League being a nonstarter -- could rob coach Armando Colaco of any experimental play, while visa issues mean former Arsenal striker Rohan Ricketts and Ghanaian defender Stephen Ofei have not been included in the final squad of 20 players that travelled to Jamshedpur.Dempo, though, will still continue to pose a threat even if half the squad remained unavailable. The talent at hand remains unquestionable and the flexibility and fluidity of the squad could send shivers down the spine of their lesser-known group rivals.Sporting Clube de Goa, quite surprisingly, is the only Goan side with a sprinkling of competitive play, thanks to their participation in the Durand Cup. But, given a choice, technical director Alex Alvares will want to forget the trip to Delhi as they were handed an embarrassing defeat by Assam Rifles and were made to sweat by ONGC.\"The players have talent in abundance, I can vouch for that,\" said Alvares.Now it's time to translate words into action and promises into results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456637", "title": "DMK joins oppn\u2019s nationwide bandh, but stays in UPA", "text": "CHENNAI: On a day when UPA lost an ally in Mamata, DMK too decided to flex its muscles by joining the Opposition-sponsored nationwide bandh against the policies of the Centre. After a meeting of the DMK top brass at the party chief's CIT Colony residence, spokesperson and MP T K S Elangovan indicated the party was considering various options.\"Our leader is seriously considering various issues and he will come out with a statement on Wednesday,\" said Elangovan. Regarding the party's decision to participate in the bandh on September 20, he said: \"Congress may have compulsions but we have our views and policies and we are with the people.\" Party seniors said the DMK would use pressure tactics to seek a rollback of diesel prices and FDI in multi-brand retail, but not likely to withdraw support.In a statement released in the evening, DMK president M Karunanidhi asked his cadres and party-affiliated trade unions to extend \"full co-operation\" to ensure the bandh is \"peaceful\" and \"successful\". Karunanidhi said, \"People of the state are already reeling under the increase in transport, milk, electricity charges and increase in prices of essential commodities. The Centre has announced increase in the diesel price, limited subsidized cooking gas, and allowed FDI in multi-brand retail, burdening the common man.\"Following the bandh, representatives from the Trinamool Congress , DMK and NCP are likely to meet in Delhi on Friday to discuss the way forward, said sources. Sources in DMK confirmed its representative in the cabinet, union minister for chemical and fertilisers M K Alagiri, is scheduled to meet Praful Patel (NCP) and Mukul Roy (TMC) to discuss implications of the announcement of the diesel price hike. Alagiri is said to have positively responded to the idea of a meeting. Sources say Karunanidhi was also not averse to a joint strategy of like-minded parties within the UPA. Rajya Sabha DMK MP K P Ramalingam confirmed that a meeting was on.\"The withdrawal of support by Mamata should make the Congress realize that it needs to take coalition partners along on crucial issues. The party is continuing to give support as it has no other alternative in the present scenario,\" a DMK MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16460756", "title": "Foreign students learn tricks of trade at OUAT", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students from countries like Afghanistan , Africa , and Brazil have enrolled at the Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) to take advantage of the institute's superior infrastructure, quality teaching, affordability and need-based approach. \"As many as seven foreign students joined the varsity this year and we expect the number to increase in the coming months,\" R K Das, dean of student welfare, said.The varsity has been getting queries from foreign students since 2008. \"The foreign students joined the university under the ICAR international fellowship. The increase in number can be attributed to the performance of OUAT alumni. The varsity has managed to get a position among top agricultural universities in the past few years and the international exposure was expected,\" Das said. Given the increasing number of foreign students, OUAT has come up with an international hostel for them. \"We have a separate building with 12 rooms to accommodate foreign students. Apart from single-occupancy rooms, we've also provide a kitchen, personal television and Wi-Fi enabled environment,\" said Das.J M L Gulati, dean of PG courses, said: \"Though agriculture is a localized subject, several courses are applicable across the world. The presence of foreign students has also made teachers more serious about the quality of education they impart - we are trying to make the classes relevant for them and tune up our courses by providing notes and study material based on the agriculture scenario and constraints in their respective countries.\"Abdul Walid, an Afghan student pursuing a postgraduate degree in agriculture, said: \"More than 86% of Afghanistan's population is involved in the agriculture sector, but they are unskilled and uneducated. Agriculture in the war-ravaged country faces various constraints like shortage of water, pests, absence of quality seeds and there is no transportation and marketing facility for the produce. This course will help me improve the situation back home.\" Walid was working in Afghanistan's ministry of agriculture before coming Odisha on deputation.Mohammad Talat Nuri, another Afghan student, said: \"People here are very cooperative, affectionate and caring. Though vegetables and fruits are very expensive compared to that in Afghanistan, chicken is costlier in our country. We are also planning to bring our families here soon.\"Jerome Karnwea, a student from the West African nation of Liberia , said: \"Agriculture in our country is on subsistence basis while India is far more advanced when it comes to research and technology. Rice is our staple food and we also have other crops like maize, timber, rubber, coco and coffee. We would try to implement things we learn here in my country.\" He said, \"Everything, starting from food to social activities, are different from our country, but people here make us feel at home. I am beginning to enjoy the rice, dal and bhaja served in the hostel.\"Besides OUAT, KIIT University has been attracting foreign students from various countries to pursue courses like engineering, medicine and law. \"At present, nearly 200 students from 20 countries are pursuing their studies in various streams of KIIT. Recently, 40 students from Turkey joined our university to study English,\" said a spokesperson of KIIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458412", "title": "No preparations yet for idol immersion", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has made it a habit to do things at the eleventh hour. With just one day left for the first day of Ganesh immersions, no preparations have been made yet at the three main immersion points. However, NMC is hoping to complete the works in time.Many citizens will install Lord Ganesh idols at their homes on Ganesha Chaturthi, September 19. A few immerse the idols the next day, which would be Thursday, September 20.Citizens from South-West Nagpur go to Sonegaon lake for immersions while citizens in West, some parts of East, Central and North Nagpur go to Telangkhedi lake. Most people from Central Nagpur and some parts of South Nagpur go to Gandhisagar lake, while a few go to Sakkardara lake.Vowing to prevent immersion of idols, especially those made from PoP, in these lakes, NMC had started construction of concrete artificial immersion tanks at Sonegaon lake and in the Nag river near Ambazari lake. Besides, NMC was to install 17 plastic swimming tanks in various parts of the city, including Telangkhedi and Gandhisagar lakes.The Central government had made it clear, while sanctioning funds for the rejuvenation of Sonegaon lake, that there should not be any immersion in the lake. However, construction of the artificial tank at Sonegaon lake is incomplete. Staircases have been constructed at both ends, but the NMC is yet to pave the approach to the staircases from the road and the two sides of the tank. Besides, the tank has not been cleaned or filled with fresh water.Maximum idols are taken to Telangkhedi lake for immersion. NMC has purchased two plastic swimming tanks to be installed at Telangkhedi and Gandhisagar lakes, but they are yet to be installed at the sites. Besides, the immersion site at Telangkhedi has not yet been cleaned. There are no bins installed for collection of nirmalya.Situation same at Gandhisagar and Sakkardara lakesNMC has also not completed construction of artificial immersion tank at Ambazari lake in Nag river. The overflowing water from the lake was to be blocked at two sites for immersion. But the work is still going on. In a good decision, though, NMC is laying interlocking tiles here for the convenience of devotees.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI that the works will be completed by September 20. \"Works at Ambazari lake will also be completed in time. The two plastic swimming tanks will be installed at Telangkhedi and Gandhisagar lakes on September 20. Very few citizens immerse idols on the first day. The number of immersions increase after day three. The tender process to purchase 15 more artificial swimming tanks is on and will be completed in time,\" he said.In the past, it has been seen that there were no preparations to prevent immersion of idols in lakes, or bins to collect nirmalya. But NMC was expected to ensure these this year, since the civic body itself passed a resolution in this regard.Though NMC seems to be serious regarding keeping PoP idols out of the lakes, green activists feel that NMC should make necessary arrangements early to ensure the lakes are not polluted.QuoteWorks at Ambazari lake will also be completed in time. The two plastic tanks will be installed at Telangkhedi and Gandhisagar lakes on September 20. Very few citizens immerse idols on the first day.Dr Milind Ganvir / deputy director (health)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458968", "title": "Special Cell exists to torment minorities: Roy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before the fourth anniversary of the Batla House encounter in Jamia Nagar, Delhi Police's Special Cell came under attack from writer-activist Arundhati Roy at a packed auditorium of Jamia Millia Islamia University. Addressing more than 600 students and Batla House residents on Tuesday, Roy said the Cell existed merely to \"create fear'' in the minds of minorities . \"We should be looking at the forms and lines of state brutality. I do not think petitioning will help anymore. It is time to think politically ,'' Roy said, adding, the debate was beyond religious lines as the Indian state had been trying to 'militarize' ever since it aligned with the \"pro-market countries like US and Israel'' .Roy was speaking at a book release organized by the group, Jamia Teachers' Solidarity, which was formed after the Batla encounter with the objective of demanding a judicial probe into what it calls \"killings'' . The JTS released a book titled Framed, Damned, Acquitted: Dossiers of a Very Special Cell that examines 15 cases of Muslim men charged as terrorists and then acquitted by courts. Each of these men spent seven to 14 years in jail.Standing up for the men, noted jurist Rajender Sachar said the government had forgotten its \"contract' ' to protect its people. Recalling his experiences as a member of People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) when Maoist sympathizer Seema Azad's case hit the headlines, he called for repeal of the sedition law. He questioned the government's intentions and asked why Special Cell officers who \"framed'' youths did not face action. He said PUCL will help all 15 men discussed in the book receive some amount of compensation .Later, the JSA said it was demanding several measures from the government on the eve of the Batla encounter . \"We want a national commission of enquiry set up immediately to document and investigate all such police excesses across the country. Two, we want a comprehensive rehabilitation package, including assistance in education and occupation ,\" said a representative . The group also demanded that the government and the police tender a public apology for their actions , the Special Cell be disbanded , and officers involved in the frame up be punished.Two of the exonerated men, who spent 14 years in prison, spoke about their pain and loss. Md Aamir Khan was tried in several cases across Delhi, Haryana and UP while Maqbool Shah was charged for being involved in a car blast case at Lajpat Nagar. \"When I remember those days, I can only cry out. During the process , I lost my father and elder sister. My business went bust and at times I felt like committing suicide. Yet no fast track court helped me, nor any lawyer initially agreed to take up my case,'' he said.Aamir, about whom TOI wrote earlier, claimed he was still \"fighting for dignity. I am getting married next month. But, what will I feed my wife and children? Will anyone arrange a job for me?'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458523", "title": "Cop held for accepting Rs 2,000 bribe", "text": "PUNE: A police constable attached to the Samarth police station was arrested by the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Tuesday while accepting Rs 2,000 as a bribe for passport verification of a couple.Sohail Yasin Shaikh (28) of Bhavani Peth has lodged a complaint with the ACB against Nivrutti Eknath Gogavale (50) of Somwar Peth police colony.Assistant commissioner of police (ACB) H V Bhat said Shaikh had approached the Samarth police station for the passport verification of his parents. \"Gogavale, who was assigned the job of verification of passports, demanded Rs 3,000 from Shaikh,\" he said.Bhat said that Shaikh approached the ACB office and lodged a complaint against Gogavale on September 14.On Tuesday, an ACB team led by assistant commissioner of police Rajendra Galande and comprising inspector Prakash Shinde and constables Sitaram Dhavade and Mohan Jadhav laid a trap at the reception of the Samarth police station. \"The team nabbed Gogavale while accepting Rs 2,000 from Shaikh,\" Bhat said.A case in this regard has been registered with the Samarth police station. tnn Police inspector Prakash Shinde is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16458776", "title": "Ex-top cop in Bo case may escape the noose", "text": "BEIJING: A police officer who sparked off China's biggest political scandal involving the wife of disgraced leader Bo Xilai could escape death penalty. Chinese prosecutors on Tuesday requested the court to grant the officer, Wang Lijun , lighter punishment.Wang was charged with defecting to another country because he took shelter in a US consulate last February . He also tried to cover up a murder by Gu Kaili, wife of Bo, who was is former boss. \"Wang, as a state functionary who knew state secrets, left his post without authorization and defected to another country's consulate while he was performing his official duty,\" said the official Xinhua news agency.Defection usually attracts death penalty in China . However, prosecutors though sought light punishment for Wang, former deputy mayor of Chongqing city, saying he had confessed to his crime, and his action should be considered \"voluntary surrender\".The Chengdu City intermediate people's court, which presided over the trial for two days, is expected to deliver the verdict soon. The first day's trial was held secretly on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16461455", "title": "Registration mandatory for sale of laptops, tablets, notebooks, LCDs, videogames: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: To ensure safety standards, the government has made registration mandatory for 15 electronic products, including videogames, laptops and microwave ovens.\"The Department of Electronics and IT (DeitY) has issued the Electronics and Information Technology Goods (Requirements for Compulsory Registration) Order, 2012, bringing into force a scheme for mandatory regime of registration of identified 15 electronic products so that these products meet specified safety standards,\" said an official statement.The list of electronics products include videogames, laptops/notebooks/tablets, Plasma/LCD/LED televisions, microwave ovens, printers and scanners, telephone answering machines, electronic musical systems etc.As against licensing, the scheme provides for self-registration of specified electronic goods.\"The scheme provides that no person shall by himself or through any person on his behalf manufacture or store for sale, import, sell or distribute specified electronic goods which do not conform to the specified standard and do not bear the words \"Self declaration - conforming to IS (Indian Standard) on such goods after obtaining registration from the BIS,\" the statement said.\"Substandard or defective goods which do not conform to the specified standard will be deformed beyond use by the manufacturer and disposed of as scrap,\" it added.However, the order does not apply to electronic goods meant for export.Under this scheme the electronic goods with different sizes, ratings, varieties etc, such electronic items shall be grouped and may be granted series approval for a series of products based on testing of representative models.DeitY will approve such series of products. This will obviate the need for every single model of the same series to be registered, the statement said.The scheme also provides for DeitY and the BIS to randomly select samples of registered electronic goods to ascertain whether these goods conform to the Specified Standard.The electronic goods have to be tested by a BIS approved testing laboratories.The order will come will come into effect from March 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455588", "title": "Experts to suggest ways to curb malaria, dengue spread", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A division bench of the Gujarat high court on Tuesday asked an expert committee to come up with suggestions to curb spread of malaria and dengue in the city.The order came after government authorities filed an affidavit showing that cases of malaria had increased from 5,504 last year to 13,480 this year. The cases of dengue registered till August last year were 283, but against this, 439 cases have been registered this year.The matter was discussed following a complaint that despite court orders, the condition at the Civil Hospital has remained unhygienic. The court had formed a committee few months ago to study the situation and suggest solutions to improve conditions at public hospitals.Directive on HIV testThe bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala on Tuesday asked NACO, state government and the Centre to make their stands clear on how effective the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test as blood-testing method is for the detection of HIV prior to blood transfusion.The directive was issued following a PIL seeking directions to authorities to adopt PCR test instead of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) test or the antibody test for reduction of window period. The state government expressed its inability to make it mandatory for blood banks to switch over to PCR test citing that the testing during blood transfusion is a process that is governed by a central legislation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458585", "title": "Zoo development plan approved", "text": "PUNE: The Rajiv Gandhi zoological park and wildlife research centre at Katraj will take up an ex-situ conservation (off-site conservation) programme for Mouse Deer, Indian Giant Squirrel and jungle cat.These endangered animals will breed in the zoo but will not be put up as exhibits.As per of the conservation programme, new enclosures will be created, a nature interpretation centre will be set up and service and circular roads will be constructed. The master plan has been approved by the Central Zoo Authority of India (CZAI).Director of Katraj zoo Raj Kumar Jadhav said that CZAI's approval means a green signal for 90% of the master plan, which essentially aims at complete development of the zoo for the coming 20 years. The funds for the plan will have to arranged by the Pune municipal corporation which runs the zoo.Jadhav said these highly-endangered species will be procured from other zoos and bred outside its natural habitat. The programme will be taken up next year. The number of animals to be procured is yet to be finalised.The work for the interpretation centre for creating awareness and educating the public has already started. \"We have animals from forest, acquatic and grassland eco-systems. Animal models will be on display with detailed information on their habitat, food habits, threats, conservation, among others,'' he said.In the master plan, there is also a proposal to construct a bridge along the dam to create a circular road and a service road adjacent to the compound wall for the zoo staff. \"This will facilitate easy movement of visitors who now have to walk long distances inside the zoo. The circular road will be approximately 2.5 kms in length while the service road of approximately 2 kms length will be constructed for the zoo staff. Besides, new animal enclosures will be constructed for lion, hyena, fox, barking deer, nilgai, lesser cat, jungle cat, rusty spotted cat, among others,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "16460911", "title": "This bug takes them to the books", "text": "BRS Nagar: An initiative to inculcate reading interest among city kids is witnessing a gradual growth with new members joining in along with their mothers to read and analyze books. Floated by BRS Nagar resident and owner of a craft store Reena Kaushal three months ago, 'Book Bug' is a club where kids in the 6-10 age group come in with mothers, read the books and discuss their interpretation along with other members. While the club has a total of 18 members, new members join in during every monthly meet, says Reena, 38. The idea to start such a club came from the fact that Reena herself is voracious reader but her daughters never picked up the habit, she says, adding, 'We need to nurture this interest among kids at an early age and this will be possible only when they exchange their understanding of a book. The participation of their mothers encourages them to be more expressive and absorb while they read.' During each discussion session, kids get the same book to read and express opinions on the previous one. Apart from the monthly discussions, the kids are given tips on book keeping, and are asked to maintain a diary that contains notes and their views about the books being discussed during the sessions. The existing members are excited when new members join in during every meet, says Sarabha Nagar resident Preeti Mehra, 34, who organizes the discussions. She adds, 'Parents' efforts towards motivating their kids to read are appreciable and even fathers can accompany the child if they wish to.' Sukhmani Enclave resident Pooja Munjral says she makes it a point to attend all discussions of the club with sons Aryaman and Abhir. 'My kids look forward to the next meeting as they like interacting with other kids over their reading habits,' she adds. The excitement about the club is gradually spreading among parents. 'I get calls from friends asking about the club and its ways as they are keen to enroll their children too. My son Idhant is the youngest at the club and he asks me to maintain his diary after every discussion without fail,' says Civil Lines resident Shilpa Mittal, 29. She sent a mail to the club's email id ''thebookbugclub@gmail.com' ' when she got to know about the initiative, says Shilpa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16461886", "title": "A host of business plan workshops in five weeks", "text": "Indore: Keeping the tradition of enthusing the nation's enterprising thinking minds E-Cell of IIT-B and Udbhav Associates have collaborated to launch a series of inclusive, continuum oriented business plan workshops in twelve cities of the country over the span of next five weeks.Illuminate! is a series of pre-Eureka! one-day workshops on entrepreneurship.The series is aimed at spreading awareness about entrepreneurship among students and young professionals and equip them with the skills, tools and advice to help realise their entrepreneurial ambitions.The workshops will be focused on business plan writing skills and techniques. They will include the intricacies of going from an idea to a full-fledged successful enterprise. These highly interactive sessions will include case-studies, analysis, samples, presentations and discussions and will be led by Shantanu Bhagwat of Udhbav Associates who is a noted diplomat, venture investor and entrepreneur.Participants will be encouraged to write and submit their business plans to Eureka! At present, in its 14th edition, Eureka! has been the stepping stone for more than 40 successful start-ups, some of which have gone on to become multi-million dollar enterprises, which may include eInfinitus Technologies, Gama Entertainment Systems, Whizlabs and TheraNova. Udbhav Associates is India's first advisory firm focused exclusively on start-ups and early-stage companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "padocem", "code": "16457848", "title": "Homecoming for Padocem's bhatkars", "text": "PADOCEM: Come Ganesh Chaturthi, the quiet 125-year-old ancestral home of the Nadkarnis in Padocem transforms into a vibrant residence. About 30-35 family members, from across Goa, Mumbai and Bangalore, come home for the festival, and the rooms of the quadrilateral structure, with its special hall, sacred area, raj angan, and even a sacred kitchen where vegetarian food is prepared in makeshift ovens, is transformed.Padocem is a small village in Sattari's Poriem constituency, and the Nadkarnis are among a few in the taluka who own large tracts of agricultural and horticultural land. They served as revenue collectors in the past and have among them administrators, lawyers and government officials. Says Sumitra Nadkarni, the former sarpanch of Nagargao village panchayat, \"We install the clay idol of Ganesha in a well-decorated, age-old wooden frame, made only for Chaturthi. Old clay utensils, used only for vegetarian food, are also used during the festival.\" The festival is celebrated for one-and-a-half day, she says.Sandip Nadkarni, chief engineer of the stat e water resources department, says, \"Through the year we're all busy with our own lives, but come Chaturthi and it's time to come home.\" He says the family can trace its ancestry to 961 AD with the present ancestral home 125 years old.The family-run trust also organizes the community celebration of Chaturthi. It recently also donated land to the Poriem village panchayat to build a public crematorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16461323", "title": "Now hit your mobile to turn off ring tone", "text": "LONDON: Tech giant Microsoft is planning to launch a new feature in its next range of Windows Mobile phones, which would allow users to 'smack' their cellphones to silence the ringing, if they do not wish to answer it, or if it rings at the wrong time.The software giant has patented the idea, which might see a 'whack-based audio control module' that would sit at the centre of the phone, and with a suitable 'whack', the phone can be turned silent.\"There are a variety of circumstances under which it may be desirable to quickly control a device without having to interact with a traditional user interface,\" the Daily Mail quoted Microsoft, as stating, in the patent.\"For example, often mobile device users forget to set their mobile devices in a silent or vibrate mode and the device rings or makes sounds at an inopportune moment,\" it added.The feature can been used, say for instance: if someone's phone starts ringing during a big presentation or the final part of the wedding vows, instead of scrambling for the 'off' switch or the volume button, one can simply smack the screen and silence their phone.Microsoft says the whack could silence ringtones, an accidental button-press, which turns the music on, an alarm or a text message sound, the paper said.Many other phone systems have a similar set-up, such as HTC and Samsung models , which can be silenced by turning the phone flat onto a desk in order to mute a distaction, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16463541", "title": "Dheeraj Kumar celebrates Ganpati festival", "text": "Dheeraj Kumar the ardent devotee of Lord Shiva always looks forward every year to welcome with open arms, mind and soul for the arrival of Lord Ganesh on the auspicious festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.Ganapati Aala Re Aala ..... resounds in the air by the devotees of Lord Ganesh and Dheeraj being a true devotee of Ganesha celebrates this festival with great enthusiasms. Dheeraj says, like lacs of devotee of Lord Ganesh he looks forward for Ganesh Chaturthi but in reality the entire year he performs pooja, aradhana of the God in a small temple in his house.Lord Ganesh being the God of wisdom, prosperity have always bestowed his blessing upon Dheeraj Kumar, his wife Zuby and the entire staff of his company Creative Eye Limited.Creative Eye Limited, in the past have made serials on the life and time of Lord Ganesh namely- Shree Ganesh (2003-2004) for Sony and Ganesh Leela in 2010 for Sahara-One.Dheeraj Kumar and Creative Eye Limited is planning another serial on Lord Ganesh he firmly believes there are many untouched aspects of Lord Ganesh which can be truly created again by Creative Eye Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461182", "title": "Longer exercise cuts child\u2019s risk of diabetes", "text": "Twenty minutes of vigorous exercise daily over just three months, can reduce a child's risk of diabetes as well as his total body fat - including dangerous, deep abdominal fat, researchers have said. \"If exercise is good for you, then more exercise ought to be better for you and that is what we found for most of our outcomes,\" Dr. Catherine Davis, clinical health psychologist at the Institute of Public and Preventive Health at Georgia Health Sciences University, Twenty minutes.Pediatric and adult studies have shown the metabolic benefits of aerobic activity, but had yet to dissect differences in the dose response, or the amount of activity needed to elicit a given benefit.The study looked at 222 overweight, previously inactive 7 to 11-year olds in the Augusta, Georgia, area and found more is better.\"Obesity is a growing public health crisis that is affecting youth throughout the United States, and we know that obesity can contribute to the development of type 2 diabetes,\" Dr. Michael Lauer, Director of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute Division of Cardiovascular Sciences of the National Institute of Health, said.\"This research adds to the body of evidence that physical activity improves children's health, that longer periods of exercise provide a greater benefit and that increased physical activity among overweight and obese children could stave off the onset of type 2 diabetes,\" he added.A third of the study participants maintained their typically sedentary lifestyle; a third began a 20-minute heart-rate-raising, after-school exercise routine for three months; and a third exercised for 40 minutes after school.While their primary focus was insulin resistance, a risk factor for diabetes, the researchers also measured total body fat, visceral fat and aerobic fitness over the study's course.Children who exercised for 40 minutes had a 22 per cent reduction in insulin resistance versus the controls, while the 20-minute group experienced an 18 per cent reduction, study's lead author, Davis said.The extra 20 minutes also helped the children lose more total body fat and visceral fat while fitness, which appeared driven by intensity rather than duration, gained a similar boost from both time periods.The study is published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16457931", "title": "75 more Pak Hindus raise pitch for Indian citizenship", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as Punjab home department has sent verifications of 125 Pakistani Hindus to Union home ministry to process their cases further for being granted Indian citizenship, a delegation of 75 more Pakistani Hindus have raised their demand for the same.The delegation members, led by All India Shiv Sena president Surinder Kumar Billa, met deputy commissioner Priyank Bharti demanding that their applications be also processed. Interestingly, some of these refugees even have ration cards and voter ID cardsThe DC told TOI that he had asked them to apply with their documents after which the official process of verifications would start.On August 21, the Punjab home department had sent a list of 125 Pakistani Hindus stating that their applications had been verified by Jalandhar DC.However, 75 Hindus, who also migrated around a decade back, are still in the lurch and their documents are yet to be verified.\"I along with my family migrated around four decades back along with my three sons. Citizenship is still eluding us,\" said 90-year-old Sain Dass, while being watched by his wife Munni Devi.Another Pakistani Hindu Bihari Lal said that his family migrated around 32 years back. \"Though we even have ration cards and voter ID cards but we are still not citizens of India and an element of uncertainty always looms over us,\" he said.Another migrant Banarsi Lal (54) said that several of them had ration cards and ID cards but no citizenship. Some women, who were part of the delegation, revealed that they were married to Indian citizens but they themselves were yearning for the same status. \"My husband is a local citizen and we have four children but I am still not an Indian citizen,\" said Neelam, who came here along with her family in 1998 and married in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16456034", "title": "VS 'Marshall' Patil: His failure became success for others", "text": "They say that it's not easy to succeed in cricket. They say that you need not only have passion and technique but a lot of other things including luck.But wait; can a person who had all of these things still fail? What do you say of a man who had absolutely everything right about him but still couldn't make it big? Is cricket that mysterious a game or does it have more to do with people who control cricket?He made his debut in Ranji Trophy against Maharashtra in February 1957. In extremely well-directed 19 overs, he took three wickets (Hasbnis, Bapu Nadkarni and Sidhaye) for 53 runs, but went on to play only one more first class game.Baffling leading batsmen with his swing and cutters in local cricket, he took thousands of wickets in tournaments, becoming the highest wicket taker (759) in the Kanga League, a record that still exists. Deprived of all honours he deserved, this man didn't need an institutional recognition. He continued to serve the game like a humble servant.That's VS 'Marshall' Patil for you. Patil was just not a player of a team. His contribution to cricket goes beyond his personal achievements. Patil's story is best told by the people whose lives were changed by him.Says Sunil Gavaskar, \"I have been blessed to have so many people helping me throughout my career. Of course parents, wife and family have backed me, but if anybody else who has a major role in making me the batsman I was, it has to be 'Marshall' Patil. Dadar Union's tradition of giving nicknames meant that with his imposing moustache, straight back, discipline and dedication to the game, it was easy to call Mr Patil 'Marshall' like in the old wild West. I never saw anybody with the control over swing that he had and he could bowl both inswing and outswing with little change in action\".Gavaskar terms Patil as one of those unsung heroes who stayed in the background and didn't promote himself like most modern-day coaches seem to do. \"If he had done that, he would have got the Dronacharya Award long ago. It is still not too late for him to get it. A succession of Mumbai batsmen in the 70s and 80s owe their batting deeds to the hours that 'Marshall' bowled to them in the nets. He got along and guided other new-ball bowlers. No amount of thanks is good enough for the selfless work he did to make successful batsmen.\"Patil started coaching Dilip Vengsarkar as soon as he joined Dadar Union and Podar College as a teenager. \"Patil sir played for Dadar Union with a lot of pride getting hundreds of wickets and winning many matches.I think he was the only player to always wear a Dadar Union cap whenever he played for the Club. As a coach, he bowled for hours in the nets. He believed greatly in discipline, punctuality and loyalty and showed great faith in abilities\".Marshall never allowed his so called 'failure' to affect him and dedicated his life to Dadar Union Sporting Club and Podar College. Former Mumbai captain and a Podarite, Shishir Hatangadi says, \"His coaching style was simple yet effective. He expected players to sort their own problems within their skill sets. All that he did was keep providing them with more and more practice. Top players came to his nets because they got to play against top class swing bowling and bowl to quality batsmen.\"At a time when the quality of balls were very poor, he was lethal with old balls bowling his in and leg cutters. His captain Vasu Paranjape says, \"Very few bowlers were as effective as Marshall with the old ball. Once he took 10 wickets against a very good Shivaji Park Gymkhana team in a limited-overs Talim Shield match. Immaculately dressed, he did what was expected of him.\"Cricketers come and go. Some cricketers play well and go. How many of them make better cricketers and go? In the rat race to success, people get obsessed with their own dreams.Patil ensured that cricket remained alive whatever happens. There are successful coaches and unsuccessful coaches but Patil was a coach who spent his life converting his failures into others' successes. Coaching Podar College for decades, he guided players of the stature of Vengsarkar, Shastri and many others.His love for Dadar Union is immense, but sadly he couldn't stop its fall from grace. Dadar Union, once a prime club languishes today in the C division. Patil, with all his determination couldn't convert this into a success story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456462", "title": "Walk on railway tracks, land in jail", "text": "KOLKATA: Try walking on the railway tracks and you may stand a chance of being arrested and put behind the bars.After witnessing 14 deaths on the tracks within a span of 48 hours (Saturday and Sunday), Eastern Railway (ER) has planned to clamp down on people crossing the tracks or walking along them. Under railway rules, such people are trespassers and may face a term of six months in jail and have to pay a fine of Rs 1,000.Among those killed, 12 were in the Sealdah division and the remaining two in the Howrah division. Many of them were walking along the tracks while using their mobile phones, officials said.\"While eight people were killed on Saturday, six died on Sunday. Such deaths are unnecessary and hamper punctuality. After the matter gets reported, we can't run trains on the affected track till the Government Railway Police (GRP) removes the body. The saddest part is that most incidents are reported close to stations where foot overbridges and underpasses exist. We have also launched an awareness campaign to stop people from using their mobile phones while crossing the tracks (even at level crossings), but there hasn't been too much of an improvement. Now, we will have to be stricter,\" said an official.ER has launched another campaign where people will be warned of the consequences of walking along tracks. Even if they survive the trains, railway staff may haul them up and get them arrested. \"If caught near foot overbridges or underpasses, the offenders will get no reprieve,\" he added.Suchitto Kumar Das, divisional railway manager, Sealdah, said, \"This has become a major issue. When I took over recently, I was shocked to learn that five to six people are run over and killed on the tracks under the Sealdah Division everyday. Most of the accidents occur due to carelessness. People are so involved with their mobile phones that they can't even hear the train horns. There is a tendency to not use the overbridges and underpasses and most cases occur near stations. A few cases do happen on the Park Circus - Ballygunge and Madhyamgram - Barasat - Birati sections where there are encroachments along the tracks. While some cases are unavoidable, we would like to prevent those that happen due to carelessness.\"Records available with the railways reveals that the ages of those who die in this manner range from teenage to the 70s. The large number of level crossing gates on the Sealdah Division may also be a reason why people prefer to cross the tracks. For the 700-odd km tracks on this division, there are 528 level crossing gates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "khadoor sahib", "code": "16457952", "title": "Unemployed linemen rounded up as they try to gherao Punjab CM", "text": "KHADOOR SAHIB: Turbans were blown off in a swift police action to disperse agitating unemployed linemen who attempted to gherao chief minister Parkash Singh Badal at Khadoor Sahib in Amritsar on Tuesday, where he had arrived to attend a function held on the occasion of Gurta Gaddi Diwas of Guru Angad Sahib.President of Unemployed Linemen Association Pirmal Singh told TOI that as many as 200 to 250 protesting linemen were rounded up by police in Khadoor Sahib and Guru Ki Dhab near Jaiton in Faridkot district when they were attempting to gherao chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , respectively.He said police resorted to lathicharge and even thrashed unemployed linemen in police stations. The association blamed the state government of deliberately creating obstacles in recruitment of 5,000 linemen in Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd, as advertised by it in January 14, 2011. \"Only 1,000 linemen have been recruited so far by the government.\" informed Pirmal Singh, adding that if the government didn't speed up the process of recruiting rest of the unemployed linemen then they would be forced to further intensify their agitation across the state. Bhola Singh Gaggarpur, cashier of the union, blamed the state government of implicating them in false court cases. Tarn Taran SSP was not available for comments as has office said he was on VIP duty.Ridiculing Sikh leadership's claims of protecting turban pride across the globe, president of Unemployed Linemen Union Pirmal Singh said Akal Takht Jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh and Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee president Avtar Singh Makkar should take notice of the blasphemous act of blowing off turbans of Sikhs by Punjab Police. He said the union would take up the issue with the Jathedar and seek his intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457126", "title": "US universities to open centre in Mumbai to clear pupils' doubts", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 200 US universities have got together to start a centre in Mumbai to redress queries of students.The increasing number of complaints by students and parents about touts seems to have prompted the move. Narsee Monjee Educational Trust (NMET) has joined hands with the City of Philadelphia and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to set up Narsee Monjee Centre for Excellence (NMCE). \"The aim behind setting up the centre was to eliminate the role of agents who dupe people and misguide about universities and other procedures,\" said Kanika Choudhary, honorary ambassador of Philadelphia to India. The NMCE will function from an office set up at Jamnabai Narsee school.Apart from information about various courses offered by over 200 universities present in the state of Pennsylvania, students will also get a chance to interact with the head's of institutes to clear their doubts.\"We have hired a counsellor who will help students at our centre. Students can apply for an appointment and all their queries will be addressed,\" said Sujay Jairaj, NMET trustee.\"The centre has been set up on a no-profit-no-loss basis and students will get all the information for a minimum fee. Agents have their own vested interests but we have no such bias,\" he added.Soon, certificate courses for interested applicants will commence. \"We will also look at various programmes to improve the education system,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456939", "title": "Miss India is stunning at 50", "text": "MUMBAI: Instead of the ramp, a bevy of Miss Indias decided to walk down the memory lane on Tuesday when they partook in the glittering celebration of 50 years of the country's most prestigious beauty pageant\u2014Pond's Femina Miss India.This tryst between beauty and brains unfolded in the form of an audio-visual (AV) journey that lit up the 70 mm screen at a multiplex in Lower Parel. In the AV, Miss India International 2011 Ankita Shorey, also the host for the evening, said she felt like she \"was born only after winning the crown\". Meher Castelino, the first Miss India (1964), said, \"Ours was a simple photographic contest. Of the 500 entries, 10 were interviewed.\" Among other personalities were etiquette trainer and grooming expert Sabira Merchant and former Miss India Swaroop Sampat. Singer Shibani Kashyap performed a rendition of a melodious track that portrayed the essence of real women.\"The Miss India platform is the most widely recognized medium for ushering new talent into the fashion, film and beauty industry,\" said Marc Robinson, director operations (contestant and creative), Pond's Femina Miss India. For the occasion, Pond's Femina Miss India joined hands with Pond's. \"Our iconic beauty brand has been offering every Indian woman a reason to look and feel beautiful for many decades now. Pond's association with Femina heralds the coming together of the very best\u2014 the country's most trusted beauty brand and its premier beauty event,\" said Arun Srinivas, VP, skincare, HUL. Pond's Femina Miss India has also partnered with leading entertainment channel COLORS. Raj Nayak, CEO, COLORS, said, \"We are happy to welcome Pond's Femina Miss India... As our core audience is the woman, we hope the progressive imagery inspires them.\" PC Jeweller Ltd will be the crown &amp; jewellery partner for the 2013 pageant. Balram Garg, MD, PC Jeweller Ltd, said, \"We are elated to associate with Pond's Femina Miss India which provides a platform that imparts confidence to young women.\"To ensure national representation, selections will be initiated in all regions across India. City pageants will be held in Pune, Goa, Indore, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chandigarh and Delhi. The winners will get an opportunity to fast track to the grand finale of Pond's Femina Miss India 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457090", "title": "1-day transporters' stir may hit veggie prices", "text": "MUMBAI: Prices of vegetables and a few other essential commodities may fluctuate over the next few days as transporters have decided to observe a one-day strike from Wednesday midnight.The body has demanded an immediate rollback in the diesel price hike. \"We are postponing our indefinite chakka jam due to the festival and a 30-day ultimatum has been issued to the government. If they don't rollback diesel prices, we will agitate indefinitely from next month,\" he added.Singh said \"Trucks supplying essential items were exempt from the strike\", but most of them may join the stir. \"We have already increased our freight charges by 15% and this will also result in a 10% increase in prices of vegetablesand fruits,\" Singh claimed.EX-AIMTC chief G R Shanmugappa said diesel prices were the highest in Maharashtra and the taxes including excise, customs duty and value added tax [VAT] (24% in Mumbai) on diesel constituted 50% of the total diesel cost. He demanded uniform prices across all states. \"Over 60,000 trucks pass through Maharashtra daily and they will incur losses of Rs 8 crore daily due to the diesel hike,\" he stated.Bombay Goods Transport Association president Sunil Kale said transporters in Mumbai have demanded a rollback in 24% VAT on diesel. \"VAT on raw materials is 4 %, the same should apply for diesel as it was considered a raw material in transportation business,\" he added. \"Goa has adjusted its taxes we want the same to be done in Maharashtra,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456565", "title": "CM sees nothing wrong in form pictures", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the opposition BJP objected to the pictures of chief minister Sheila Dikshit and SC/ST welfare minister Raj Kumar Chauhan appearing in the Dilli Swarojgar Yojna form, Dikshit said \"we haven't done anything wrong\".The BJP chief ministers, a furious Dikshit lashed back, have been involved in worse publicity stunts. \"If you go to Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat, the CMs have put their pictures on highways that aren't even being constructed. If they are allowed to do such things, why are we being questioned?\" the chief minister said.The questions could only be raised if it is legally wrong, added Dikshit after inaugurating the 13{+t}{+h} International Conference on Mobility &amp; Transport for Elderly &amp; Disabled.On Monday, TOI carried a report about the form which BJP has dubbed as a \"desperate move\" by Congress ahead of the 2013 assembly elections. The opposition is also planning to take up the matter with the Lokayukta on the grounds that public money was used for the publicity of a few individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16457487", "title": "A person serving a jail term is entitled to protection", "text": "A person serving a jail term is entitled to protection, irrespective of who it is. To that extent, it is distressing that Babu Bajrangi has been roughed up by hooligans in a Gujarat jail. In fact, it is strange that this has happened in a state that prides itself on its good law-and-order situation. When people can take the law into their own hands in a high-security environment like a prison, the claim rings hollow.Related story: Behind bars, Babu Bajrangi bashed up", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458450", "title": "Village near Bor gets LPG connections", "text": "NAGPUR: In its maiden experiment to reduce biotic pressure on Bor wildlife sanctuary, 60km from here in Wardha district, the forest department distributed 103 LPG cylinders to villagers of Salaipewat.Salaipewat, situated about 2km from the Bor boundary, is a small village with 157 families. The villagers procure firewood from the forests thereby disturbing wildlife.\"Although the village had few LPG owners, with the distribution of 103 LPGs Salaipewat now has 95% gas connections,\" said Uttam Sawant, assistant conservator of forest (ACF), Bor.Initially, the forest department will help villagers procure LPG cylinders from Wardha. The LPG cylinders have been distributed under the eco-development scheme. The EDCs implemented in Nagzira, Tadoba-Andhari and Melghat tiger reserves have been successful.Forester and secretary of the Salaipewat EDC, D T Chaudhary, said the villages have committed to give up collecting firewood.\"We also plan to distribute pressure cookers to the villagers,\" he said.Range forest officer (RFO), Shrikant Naik said the scheme will be implemented in all villages around the protected areas (PAs). Swanand Soni of Srushti Paryawaran Mandal was present.The EDC plans to impart vocational training to women and provide uniforms to guides. Rain water harvesting programme will also be undertaken in Salaipewat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16451369", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: 19,000 cops to oversee Mumbai security during the festival", "text": "MUMBAI: Heavy security arrangements have been put in place for the widely celebrated Ganesha festival with 19,000 policemen deployed across the city to prevent any untoward incident during the event, police said. Ganesha Chaturthi marks the commencement of the 10-day festival from tomorrow.About 18,000 policemen of the strong 45,000 force have been posted in different parts of the city as part of the festival security. 1,000 more policemen were called in from different parts of the state to guard the metropolis, police said.Special security arrangements have been made for 'Lalbaugcha Raja' Ganesha idol, one of the most popular mandals attracting around one crore devotees, including filmstars and politicians.Besides city policemen, four companies of the State Reserve Police, six companies of CRPF, and three companies of Rapid Action Force will also help police, along with 2,500 jawans from the Home Guard and Civil Defence, police said.Twelve bomb defusing squads and four vans with cameras installed will roam around the city to record any suspicious movements, police said.Metal detectors and CCTV cameras have been installed at prominent Ganesha mandals in the city to keep a close watch over people, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458586", "title": "Infant killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: A five-month-old baby boy lost its life and six others sustained injuries when the vehicle they were travelling in overturned near Kanhe phata on the Pune-Mumbai highway on Tuesday around 10.30 am.The boy was not yet named. The boy's mother Hausabai Kokare (18) and five others are being treated at a private hospital in Vadgaon Maval.A K Khedekar, investigating officer at Vadgaon Maval police station, told TOI that the Kokare family from Ahirwade village in Maval taluka was on its way to Kamshet to bring a Ganesh idol for the Ganesh festival.\"Near Kanhe phata, driver of the multi-utility vehicle lost control over the vehicle while attempting to avoid hitting a motorcycle. \"The vehicle crashed into the median and fell into a trench,\" Khedekar said.\"The child, which was on the lap of its mother, was thrown out of the vehicle and died on the spot. Six others sustained minor injuries in the accident,\" Khedekar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16458607", "title": "Top American Senator seeks support for bill to cut all US aid to Pakistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: A top American Senator has written to members of the US House of Representatives for their support in passing a bill which seeks to cut all American aid to Pakistan.Senator Rand Paul , in his 'Dear Colleague' letter written on Tuesday, urged members to pass the bill which seeks to cut all foreign aid to any country that \"fails to secure\" US embassies.The bill also demands financial accountability from countries like Pakistan, Egypt and Libya, which recently saw violence directed against US embassies.Paul's move came within hours of Pakistan foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar's arrival in Washington to hold talks with US officials and lawmakers.Paul, the Senator from Kentucky, issued a similar letter to his colleagues in the Senate, underlining his intention to obstruct any pending legislation until the Senate addresses these matters.\"This week is likely our last chance to address the ongoing violence, to promote security at our diplomatic facilities, and to take appropriate steps to ensure cooperation from the governments of Pakistan, Egypt and Libya,\" Paul said in his letter.\"First, we must demand accountability from the government of Pakistan, which receives over USD 3 billion from us every year, yet routinely plays both sides of some of the most important issues while openly thwarting our objectives in the region,\" he wrote.\"They should be subject to the same conditions applied to Egypt, Libya, and the others,\" Paul wrote seeking release of Shakil Afridi, the Pakistani doctor who has been found guilty of treason for helping CIA track Osama bin Laden.\"Dr Afridi remains under arrest for his role in finding bin Laden, and no country that arrests a man for helping to find bin Laden is an ally of the US. If Pakistan wants to be our ally and receive foreign aid for being one, then they should act like it, and they must start by releasing Dr Afridi,\" Paul said.As this is likely to be the final week of legislative session for both the House and Senate before an extended recess, Paul urged the lawmakers to take immediate action to pass the bill.\"The bill should send a strong clear message to these entities that you do not get foreign aid unless you are an unwavering ally of the US,\" he argued.Paul said the US must ensure that unless there is full cooperation in bringing the attackers on embassies to justice, no foreign aid will be provided in the future.\"We must insist that any country which expects assistance from the US cannot permit the growth and influence of violent ideologies within their borders, especially when the practitioners of these ideologies are intent on murdering our diplomatic personnel abroad,\" he wrote, seeking full investigation into the cases of recent attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16456479", "title": "College girl attacked at market place", "text": "MALDA: A girl was allegedly attacked by a boy from the same college, where she studies, in the broad day light at English Bazaar on Tuesday. The girl was rescued by some locals and police were informed. The accused was later arrested.It has been learnt that around 1pm, the girl \u2014 a native of Sikkim and a second year student of information technology at a local college \u2014 was heading towards English Bazaar town with her friends. When she got down from the rickshaw at Rathbari market place, a youth started teasing the girl and later also attacked her. The youth started to beat her up severely and even the girl's friends could not stop him. \"On seeing this, some locals rushed to her rescue. But the youth, a student of third year of the same college, managed to escape,\" said sources.SP Jayanta Pal said, \"We have managed to nab the accused and take him to English Bazaar Police Station. Interrogation is on, though the victim has not yet lodged any complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16458261", "title": "End of the road for Mahesh Bhupathi?", "text": "MUMBAI: Though he didn't say it in as many words, Mahesh Bhupathi did give enough hints that he may have played his last match for India.\"I am not getting any younger. I am already 38. I would have loved to play Davis Cup for India for some more time. After all, we get to represent the country only once or twice a year. Unfortunately, I don't see that happening now,\" the 12-time Grand Slam winner said on Tuesday.He also made it clear that 2013 will be his last year on the Tour. \"I had already decided that I won't play beyond 2013. I am at the twilight of my career. I am not even sure whether I am going to last the whole schedule.\"I have no regrets though. Yes, I certainly didn't want to go out like this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "arwal (bihar)", "code": "16461501", "title": "Boat capsizes in Bihar, 10 people feared drowned", "text": "ARWAL (BIHAR): Ten people were feared drowned when a boat carrying about 25 people capsized in Punpun river near Karwa village in Arwal district on Wednesday.While 15 people swam to safety, the remaining 10 others were feared drowned in the river, police said.Local officials have rushed to the spot to supervise rescue operations, they said, adding divers have been pressed into service.A National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team from Patna has been called in to assist rescue and search operations.The occupants of the boat were on way to Karwa bazar from Anuwa village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458823", "title": "Lord Ganesh takes on eco-friendly hue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mumbai may lead the way in Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations but the festival is fast gaining popularity in the national capital too. All set to reverberate with the chants of 'Ganpati Bappa Moriya', the city will play host to the 10-day celebrations with much fanfare and fervour.\"Maharashtra Sadan started the celebrations with an aim to promote the state's culture and make the native population feel at home. Initially, there were very few localities that took part in the revelry, but over the years we have seen the involvement of more Delhiites in the festivities,\" said an official from Maharashtra Sadan. A decade ago, barely 10 localities celebrated Ganeshotsav; the number now stands at 40.Many societies have planned elaborate celebrations dedicated to the elephant-headed god. While Sarvajanik Utsav Samiti along with DTTDC has organized plays, musical nights and drama presentations at Siri Fort Auditorium, Kamani Auditorium and India International Center, Maharashtra Sadan will host cultural programmes every evening after the aarti, giving Delhiites a chance to savour traditional sweets like modaks and marathi snacks.Keeping environmental concerns in mind, many devotees have decided to go eco-friendly this year. \"We have ordered a six-foot tall Ganesha idol from Pune. It is made of clay and painted with natural colours. Earlier, most idols used to be made with Plaster of Paris and were painted with toxic paints, a major water pollutant,\" said Mahendra Ladda, founder president of Shri Ganesh Sewa Mandal. \"The raw materials of the idol will enable it to easily dissolve in water without causing any hazardous side-effects,\" added Ladda. The society is known for installing huge pandals in Geeta Colony, measuring 180 foot X 290 foot. Puruvanchal Maharashtra Mandal, Anand Vihar, has procured a three-foot tall idol.By adopting eco-friendly ways, community members say they are not only saving the environment but also reviving the traditional idea behind immersion which represents the \"circle of creation and dissolution in nature.\"An idol made of fiber glass will be exhibited at Dilli Haat for the 14th year in a row. \"This idol will not be immersed. Every year, it is displayed at Dilli Haat during Ganesh Chaturthi and later transferred to the sculptor's workshop,\" said RM Hejib, executive chairman of Sarvajanik Utsav Samiti. \"A smaller eco-friendly idol is used for visarjan,\" added Hejib. The fiber glass idol has been designed by renowned sculptor Ram V Sutar.In the pre-partition era, it was freedom fighter Bal Gangadhar Tilak's idea that made Ganeshotsav a festival to be celebrated with grandeur. With the British Raj enforcing a law that made public gatherings illegal, it was the Ganeshotsav celebrations that brought together the community to fight for the freedom struggle in Maharashtra. Even though it is more than 60 years India gained independence, the Ganesh Chaturthi continues to be a community affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460874", "title": "Weight-loss surgery prevents diabetes risk", "text": "In a study, researchers have found that bariatric surgery reduces the long-term risk of developing diabetes by over 80 per cent among people with obesity .Conducted by Professor Lars Sjostrom, Professor Lena Carlsson and their team at Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, the study observed that bariatric surgery is considerably more effective than traditional care and lifestyle changes in preventing diabetes among people with obesity.The treatment group consisted of 1,658 subjects who had undergone bariatric surgery, while the control group consisted of 1,771 equally obese people who had received traditional care. During 15-year follow-up, 392 people in the control group and only 110 people in the treatment group developed diabetes.\"Our results show that bariatric surgery can reduce the risk of developing diabetes by more than 80 per cent. This is an extremely high figure,\" Professor Sjostrom said.The study is based on an extensive study entitled Swedish Obese Subjects (SOS), which has given rise to more than 90 scientific articles and demonstrated that bariatric surgery is also highly beneficial when it comes to cancer , cardiovascular disease, total mortality and health-related quality of life.\"Both women and men benefited in terms of diabetes\", Professor Sjostrom stated, \"but the degree of obesity at baseline did not affect the results.\"The results of the study were published in the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16458758", "title": "In U-turn , PM ready to open Zardari graft case", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In what appears to be an attempt to bide time until the next election in February 2013 and also douse the long-running conflict between the judiciary and executive , Pakistan's PM Raja Pervez Ashraf assured the supreme court on Tuesday that his government would write to the Swiss authorities to reopen a corruption case against the president.\"I've instructed the federal law minister to withdraw the letter sent to Swiss authorities by former attorney general Malik Qayyum for the closure of the graft case against President Asif Ali Zardari ,\" Ashraf told the five-member bench headed by justice Asif Saeed Khosa.The judges welcomed Ashraf 's statement saying, \"We appreciate the efforts made by the PM to resolve the longstanding issue.\" The court exempted the PM from attending the hearing until next notice. The move caught the country's media mills by surprise that had been beating drums of another PM's dismissal following the statements by PPP stalwarts that the government would not initiate proceedings against party boss Zardari.The corruption cases against Zardari and his slain wife Benazir Bhutto date back to 2003 when they were found guilty by a Swiss court of laundering millions of dollars in kickbacks from Swiss firms while in government . In 2008, Swiss judicial authorities closed the case and released $60 million worth of assets frozen in Swiss bank accounts at Pakistan's request. However, in 2009, Pakistan's top court declared the amnesty unconstitutional , leaving its thousands of beneficiaries open to prosecution.Justice Khosa instructed Ashraf to follow four steps. \"The PM would authorize someone in writing to write the letter, the content of the letter should satisfy the court, subsequently the letter is sent and the court be informed as to who would be delivering it and lastly the court is informed once the letter is sent.\"Observers believe it depends on the how government satisfies the court with the letter. \"Much depends on the draft which will determine whether it will satisfy the court,\" said Nazar-ul Islam , political analyst. He added that Ashraf 's promise to write a letter was not possible without Zardari's consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456328", "title": "Security beefed up, mandals shun CCTV cameras", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the police geared up for the Ganesh festival by beefing up security arrangements and seeking the help of home guards and the State Reserve Police Force (SRPF), Ganesh mandals have largely shunned the appeal by senior police officials to instal CCTV cameras.On the eve of the commencement of the festival, only three Ganesh mandals, including the one belonging to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), have installed CCTV cameras. Last year, there were around 850 Ganesh mandals and the number is expected to touch a thousand this year. Senior police officials said that the mandals have not been able to set up the system due to the cost factor, but have assured to observe all the security measures that they were informed about.Meanwhile, additional forces have been deployed by the city police to ensure that no untoward incident takes place during the festival, which starts on Wednesday. Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that apart from the city police force of 2,500, police officials would deploy 900 home guards and 250 new recruits who are under training as well as five platoons of the Stare Reserve Police Force (SRPF).Further, the services of the Road Safety Patrol (RSP) students and those in the National Service Scheme (NSS) and National Cadet Corps, will also be utilized. They will work alongside the city police for crowd management and street patrolling at various fixed points.Till Tuesday, as many as 463 Ganesh mandals had taken police permission from Zone 2 and another 237 from Zone 1 of the police commissionerate. Sarangal said that this year the number of mandals seeking police permission may increase , since new residential localities are developing in different parts of the city.As part of the preventive measures, the police department is taking action against miscreants under various sections of the Code of Criminal Procedure. Meanwhile the police have told Ganesh mandals to take responsibility of security in their respective mandals and have warned of severe action against people found gambling in the pandals. Further, mandals have also been asked to make separate arrangements for men and women for darshan. Members of mandals have also been asked to ensure that oil lamps, incense sticks, candles, etc should not be kept in a manner that could spread fire and have been told to check pooja articles like flowers, garlands, coconuts, etc brought by devotees.As per the Supreme Court's directive, playing music between 10pm and 6am has been banned. However, the rule will be relaxed till midnight and on the last day of Ganeshotsav.Meanwhile, the city police commissionerate has prepared an audio compact disc that will be distributed among mandals. This disc will be played by the mandals and a message about security measures to be taken will be issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457724", "title": "Green Ganeshas lose colour", "text": "BANGALORE: Ahead of the Ganesha festival, the BBMP and the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) came out with umpteen advisories, exhorting people not to buy coloured Ganesha idols as they pollute our lakes. But the pleas appear to have fallen on deaf ears.For, eight out of the 10 Ganesha idols selling in makeshift shops dotting the city are coloured ones. Reason? Shopkeepers say the coloured idols look more attractive and people prefer them over the eco-friendly clay ones.\"We displayed equal number of coloured and clay idols. But people preferred bigger coloured idols for display in pandals and took the smaller clay ones only for the purpose to worship. Also, clay used to make noncoloured idols is costlier,\" said Vidyaswamy Raju, an idol maker from Ganganagar market on Bellary road. Even the clay idols are touched up with golden paint to make them look attractive.With no proactive measures by the civic bodies to check production of coloured idols at source, this was bound to happen. \"It is sad that people do not realize how much the coloured idols can pollute our water bodies. Devotees tend to compete with each other to buy bigger idols. This is an unorganized sector of artisans which makes idols and it is very difficult to cap the production of coloured idols at source,\" said AS Sadashivaiah, chairman, KSPCB. Calling for a ban on coloured idols, the KSPCB chairman said: \"The Ministry of Environment and Forestry (MoEF) has publicized the dos and don'ts but not mandated a ban. I would recommend the state government and MoEF to take such legislative decisions and mandate a ban on coloured idols and also put a cap on size of idols.\"Lead raises its ugly headAnother cause of concern is lead contamination. Lead gives that extra shine to the idols and is hazardous when people, especially children, touch them or their skin comes into contact with it.When people eat food without washing their hands, it causes several ailments.Processions to be videotaped: copsThe city police have warned legal action against mischief mongers who indulge in extortion during the festival and create public nuisance by playing loud music beyond the stipulated time. City police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji on Tuesday said that loudspeakers at permitted pandals can be played from 6 am to 12 midnight. \"All the Ganesha immersion processions will be videographed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458547", "title": "\u2018Rajesh Talwar\u2019s driver had identified golf clubs\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Tuesday produced a DDA clerk in court to counter the claims made by Dr Rajesh Talwar's driver, Umesh Sharma, who last week refused to identify the two golf sticks he had supposedly kept in the servant room before the Aarushi-Hemraj murders.The clerk, Laxman Singh, told the court that on August 2, 2010 a deputy director in DDA had asked him to go to the CBI office to witness Sharma identifying golf club numbers 4 and 5 from 12 sticks.\"I met the investigating officer AGL Kaul in the CBI office that day. I was also introduced to Umesh Sharma. Kaul showed a bag containing golf sticks to Sharma. It's the same bag which was shown to me today in a photo in court. Sharma removed two sticks from the bag and told Kaul that he had kept those in the servant room. These two sticks were numbered 4 and 5. Whatever Sharma spoke was typed and signed by him, Kaul and me,\" Singh told court.However, defence counsel, Satyaketu Singh pointed out: \"There is a CFSL seal on these sticks dated November 2009. Laxman Singh is claiming there was no seal when he was called to the CBI office.\"Sharma said he had \"never seen the golf sticks in his life and Dr Rajesh Talwar never went to the golf course with him\". The defence also asked him whether CBI had placed 12 golf sticks on a table before he reached the office to which he replied in the affirmative. \"CBI officers did not ask me to choose a particular number of sticks. They showed me two sticks and asked me whether the ones I had kept in the servant room were like those, to which I said yes\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455502", "title": "Fracas erupts over Gujarat University appointments", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Controversy erupted on the Gujarat University campus on Tuesday as BJP leaders in the varsity said that the VC has decided to undertake a process of cancelling appointments made by the former VC Parimal Trivedi to the Board of Studies (BoS).\"We made a representation to VC Adesh Pal that the old appointments should be cancelled and members be appointed afresh. The VC has decided to undertake this soon,\" said a BJP leader.There are 44 Board of Studies on which appointments were made by the Trivedi some six months ago. The new development indicates the BJP may be trying to manoeuver the VC into making fresh appointments which have more members with saffron leanings.This development upset many senior academicians who feel that politicization of the Board of Studies which has mainly senior professors and readers as members does not augur well for the future of GU. \"So far, bodies like the Academic Council and Board of Studies have been spared from politics. This move does not augur well for GU's future\", said a senior academician.Meanwhile, GU registrar and spokesperson Arvind Bhandari said appointments are being made only for those Boards of Studies which do not have members. There is no move to cancel appointments.Former VC Trivedi however said that there is no question of fresh appointments as he had completed appointments on all the 44 boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460216", "title": "Delay in Barfi did bother me: Ileana D'Cruz", "text": "Southern superstar Ileana D'Cruz, who is making her Bollywood debut with Barfi, says the delay in the film threw her off initially. The film got delayed but Ileana, who is sharing screen space with Ranbir Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra, says it was worth the wait. \"When you are excited to do a film, you definitely look forward to a quick release as well.But when it takes longer than expected, it does bother you. It wasn't any different for me. When Barfi was getting pushed ahead, it did throw me off a little initially. However, I consoled myself by thinking that whatever happens is for the best.\"Directed by Anurag Basu, the film hits theatres tomorrow and Ileana is happy to get noticed in the promos. \"It was all worth it and the whole experience of shooting was so beautiful. I got more time to focus on the film as well as the character that allowed me to better my own act.\" Ileana is happy that she is a recognised face in Bollywood thanks to her body of work down south but the actress says Barfi is completely different from her earlier films. \"I want people to look at me with fresh perspective. Reason being that if you watch my South films and then see Barfi!, you may be disappointed in case you are carrying similar expectations. Barfi! is very different from my South films. This one is more thought provoking and is about philosophy of life.\"Ileana is now curious to see how audience reacts to the film. \"I have actually become very anxious now. The film is very unconventional and different. It is my debut in Bollywood and even though I have been doing films down South for six years, this is for the first time that I am enacting a character like this. It has been a long journey doing this film and a huge learning experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16458880", "title": "29-yr-old divorcee raped in New Palam Vihar", "text": "GURGAON: A divorcee woman was allegedly raped by a mobile shop owner when she was alone at home. According to an FIR lodged with the Palam Vihar police station, Satvindet, a resident of Bhangrola village barged into the 29-year-old woman's house in New Palam Vihar late on Sunday night and on early Monday morning and raped her.The victim, a mother of three, had divorced her husband recently and come to live in New Palam Vihar in a rented accommodation. The accused is from Bhangrola, which is also the woman's estranged husband's native place. He was known to the victim for some months and had promised marriage.\"After receiving the complaint, we have lodged an FIR against Satvinder, who is on the run after the incident. Two police teams are on the lookout for the accused,\" said Kuldeep Singh, SHO, Palam Vihar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456703", "title": "Chennai police to reopen land grab case against Stalin, five others", "text": "CHENNAI: The Supreme Court has allowed the city police to reopen a land grab case against former Tamil Nadu deputy chief minister M K Stalin and some others following an appeal by police. An 'amicable' settlement was said to have been reached among the parties concerned before the present appeal.The apex court also issued notices to the respondents named in the first information report (FIR) \u2014 Stalin, his son Udhayanidhi Stalin, businessman Venugopal Reddy, Stalin's friend Raja Shankar, Subba Reddy and Srinivas based on a special leave petition (SLP) filed by the Chennai police against the Madras high court. The high court had already quashed the filed against the six people on March 27.In his complaint, businessman N Seshadri Kumar said that on August 10, 2008, he was forced to sell his ancestral property measuring 2.5 grounds on Chittaranjan Salai in Teynampet for Rs 5.54 crore to businessman Venugopal Reddy by Raja Shankar and others under \"directions\" from Stalin. The house was leased to Udhayanidhi Stalin's film unit.Later, in an affidavit filed before the Madras high court, Seshadri Kumar said he was given 1.75 crore as \"settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457896", "title": "Clubs to get their way over fourth foreigner", "text": "PANAJI: The I-League committee of the All India Football Federation has recommended to the executive committee that clubs be allowed to use all four foreign players in the I-League.The AIFF, for the moment, allows clubs to register four foreign players in the I-League but only three players are allowed to take the field. The fourth foreigner is left on the substitutes bench and can enter the field only at the cost of another foreign player.The AIFF, like several other national associations in Asia, has enforced the plus one foreign quota, which permits three unrestricted foreign places plus one player from another Asian country including Australia.\"There has been a demand from several clubs to allow the use of all four foreign players. We agree with that but the final decision will have to be taken by the executive committee,\" a member of the I-League committee told TOI after the meeting in the Capital on Tuesday.The committee is also understood to be in favour of allowing clubs to replace a foreign player with another foreign player in the second international transfer window that opens in January. The existing rule states that clubs can replace any one of their foreign player only if he suffers extensive injury and is certified by the AIFF's panel of doctors.\"We do not have a problem if the foreign player is replaced. All that the clubs have to do is ensure that the foreign player is paid in full and he agrees to leave the club. If the club and foreign player can come to an agreement, nobody should have a problem,\" said the official.Interestingly, the I-League is also expected to adopt the La Liga and Premier League model where a player invites an automatic one-match suspension after picking four yellow cards, rather than the two that is currently existing. The I-League committee felt the league was being robbed of too many top players since many players picked bookings in successive matches and missed the subsequent clash.\"Football is a physical game and yellow cards are not uncommon. Four is a fair number to be kept out,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16460872", "title": "'8 lakh snatching: a Victima arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after Rs 8 lakh were reportedly snatched from two persons in Feroze Gandhi market, police arrested one of the 'victims' in the case on Tuesday.On Monday afternoon, Rahul Verma and Sukhwinder both employed at a share brokerage firm had claimed that two men on motorcycle had snatched the cash bag near a private bank. Police had found a discrepancy in the statements. On Tuesday, cops arrested Rahul for his role in the crime. Police said Sukhwinder was innocent.CIA staff questioned Rahul and he confessed to the crime on Tuesday. CIA in charge Gurbans Singh Bains said preliminary investigation had revealed that Rahul, a resident of Samrala Chowk, had conspired the snatching along with his friends, Davinder Pal Singh of Guru Arjun Dev Nagar and Gurpreet Singh of Pakhowal village. He said Rahul also confessed that he had hatched the conspiracy four months ago but he got a chance only on Monday.Bains said before leaving his office to deposit the cash, Rahul informed the other two of his plan and they immediately reached the spot and snatched the bag from him.The accused had been working in R K Verma's brokerage firm for three years. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461026", "title": "Typecasting is native to Bollywood: Sunil Grover", "text": "Sunil Grover talks about his absence from Bollywood, typecasting, Zilla GhaziabadI'm back After making his presence felt with his \" Emtional  Atyachar \" in \" Dev.D \", Sunil Grover almost vanished from the scene, save some spoof shows and an equally fleeting stint in TV soaps. But the wait is going to be finally over for his fans as Sunil will be seen rubbing shoulders with the likes of Arshad Warsi and Sunil Dutt , soon in \"Zilla Ghaziabad\". \"I'm playing the role of a badmash in soon to be released \" Zilla  Ghaziabad \". I can't tell you much about the role itself but was a good experience, working with heavyweight actors like Sanjay Dutt and Arshad Warsi. In fact, instantly gelled with Arshad on the sets and we had a lot of fun together,\" he informed TOI while he was the city to anchor for an awards show.Spoofmaster Sunil's spoofs on popular game shows like \" Kaun Banega Champu \" and \" Kya Aap Panchvi paas champu Se Tez Hain \", made him known across the households but did he ever felt apprehensive about mimicking some of the biggest stars in the industry? Sunil flatly denies. \"Never. On the contrary, I guess those shows were the most fortunate thing that could have happened to me. Yes , I did mimicked Shah Rukh, but then, neither had he taken any offence nor I tried to make any personal jibe at him. I always make sure that I never offend anyone personally. Now, if the person feels flattered watching my antics, I consider my job well done\"Probe him further about his prolonged absence and the comedian quickly counters. \"But I was never absent in the first place. I was busy with shows and radio. But more than that, I was looking forward to experiment with the craft more. After all, there is more to acting than comedy. Having said that, I think that I'm happy doing what I'm doing. I'm here to do a job and it doesn't matter if it is comedy or action or romance. Ultimately, it's all about a script and how well you can perform on it,\" Sunil avers.Ethically correct? The comedian also feels sad about the rising explicitness in humor on one hand and falling tolerance level for taking jokes as jokes on other. \"Humour is, I believe, is very important for the healthy development of a society. A society which can laugh on itself is more inclusive and has a bigger heart. But in India, we still have many problems in this regard. We always have to be ethically correct while making comments otherwise God knows what kind of trouble you may found yourself in. But all this hampers the creativity in us actors. We are creative people and need that space and understanding. There is an urgent need for us to become more liberal in our mindset,\" further adding, \"But by becoming liberal, I don't mean we become explicit. On a personal note, I don't think is explicitness is necessary. But then it is up to the makers what they want to make and of course on to the audience that what they want to see. Nobody forced them to go and see \"Kya Super Kool Hain Hum\" but they did watch it. Given a choice, I'll never want to do it. I'll do comedy only if I find it aesthetically correct to me,\" the actor opines.Typecast blues Eager to explore newer boundaries, Sunil also feels that Bollywood binds the actors by typecasting them. \"This is another peculiar behaviour native to Bollywood. No matter how big or successful you are, you can still be typecasted. You can take Salman Khan and Amir Khan as an example. Now, they both are accomplished actors but still when a viewer goes to see their film, they have a set expectation ki movie me ye hoyega or aise hoyega . I don't agree with this typecasting. An actor is an actor and can do any role under the sun. Though he might do comedy better than action or drama but there should not be any hard and fast rules,\" Sunil observes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "", "code": "16456702", "title": "Doctor loses licence for forging certificates", "text": ": The Tamil Nadu Medical Council has withdrawn a doctor's licence and cancelled his registration number after it found that the certificates he submitted, purportedly issued by the Medical Council of India, were fake. It is not yet known if the candidate has a medical degree, but officials say this may not be an isolated incident.The council has convened an emergency executive committee meeting on September 26 after preliminary investigations revealed that a Delhi-based broker has issued hundreds of fake certificates with MCI logos. \"We have identified one person and cancelled his registration number. He will not be able to practice any more. Our inquiries show a broker has issued several such certificates. We will be filing a police complaint soon,\" said state medical council president Dr K Prakasam.In February, Sivakumar Subramanian, son of medical practitioner Dr G Subramanian of Trichy, produced an undergraduate degree certificate from Kuban State Medical University in Russia to the state medical council along with a MCI screening test certificate dated April 11, 2008.As per MCI rules, students passing out of medical colleges in countries like Russia should clear a screening test and do a year-long internship to practise here. He also produced doctor's licence issued by the MCI. Subramanian applied to the state council for registration. On March 5, 2012, the council wrote to the MCI asking if the certificates were genuine. A fortnight later, after a 'letter' from the MCI said all certificates were correct, the state council issued him a licence. In April, MCI wrote to the council saying the letter was fake.\"The MCI has said that none of the documents is genuine. We told him he can't practise,\" said K Prakasam. The council said that Subraminan during a preliminary inquiry told it that his certificates were issued by a Delhi-based broker with 'connections' in the MCI.Subramanian has denied the allegations. \"The council has cleared my registration. I have no problems now,\" he said. Staff at LG Nursing Home in Musiri, Trichy told TOI that he did consultations there. \"We fix appointments for him,\" a nurse said.Students who have studied abroad \"can't even do an internship here without a screening certificate. We have filed complaints against several students found faking certificates. In this case, we are waiting for details,\" said MCI secretary Dr Sanjay Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457860", "title": "Yuva Morcha to file complaints against PM over 'Coalgate'", "text": "JAIPUR: Activists of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) will file complaints naming the Prime Minister in the 'Coalgate' issue at several police stations in the state on Wednesday.At a meeting on Tuesday, district presidents of Yuva Morcha were directed to ensure maximum participation. State BJYM president Rishi Bansal said that complaints would be registered at the mandal levels and in 533 police stations in the state. \"This is a national-level campaign. The Yuva Morcha members were also directed to ensure that the party's bandh call for Thursday is successful,'' said Bansal.Yuva Morcha members at mandal levels would also hold protests against the UPA government over corruption, FDI in retail and the recent price rise in diesel on Friday. The Jaipur unit of BJP voiced its opposition against these issues on Tuesday. Hundreds of activists participated in rallies and courted arrest at eight different places in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457490", "title": "CM compares Azam with AMU founder, MSY showers praises", "text": "LUCKNOW: Launching a veiled attack on the Raj Bhawan, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday accused it of putting hurdles in the way of setting up of Rampur's Mohammad Ali Jauhar University, the dream project of senior SP leader and cabinet minister Azam Khan.\"I had spoken to him (the then UP governor TV Rajeswar) when the foundation stone was laid six years ago...but he did not budge,\" Mulayam said, while speaking at the inaugural ceremony of the university. He added that the Raj Bhawan continues to create hindrance to the university. \"The problems are not over as yet,\" he said.Azam had tried to get a minority status for the university by getting a bill passed in the state assembly. But, the UP Raj Bhawan is yet to approve it. Former UP governor TV Rajeswar had earlier struck down the state government bill allowing Khan to be a permanent chancellor of the university. Azam, a trustee of the university, then got the university the status of a 'private university' and became its chancellor. However, the Mayawati government put the issue of Jauhar University in abeyance, although it allowed an engineering college to operate from the campus.Mulayam hailed Azam for not getting bothered by \"such problems\" and getting successful in establishing the university. \"People will remember him for ever,\" he said. Mulayam's observation were seen as an attempt to project Azam as the tallest Muslim leader, and, of course, bringing down curtains over speculations pertaining to his growing distance with Khan and cozying up with Syed Ahmad Bukhari, the shahi imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid.Mulayam's son and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav too chipped in by saying, \"It is very true that the university has been facing a lot of problems in the past. But, the present government will provide all possible help to the university.\" He said that the university will be equipped with all modern facilities and offering contemporary courses. Akhilesh, in fact, compared Azam Khan with Syed Ahmad Khan, who established the Aligarh Muslim University. He said, \"We remember Sir Syed Ahmad Khan for his endeavour in setting up the AMU. We expect the Jauhar University to attain the same stature...all because of Azam Khan sahab.\"Azam, on his part, termed it a big conspiracy of not allowing Muslims to get education. Delivering an arousing speech, Khan said that they (Muslims) come from the background where they were not allowed to get education beyond class VIII. \"But this is not going to happen any further,\" he said. Azam said that the university will be open not only for Muslims, but also for people of all religion, caste and creed.Earlier in the day, Akhilesh flew to Moradabad, fuelling speculations of his meeting with Bukhari, who had reportedly threatened to spoil the inauguration of the university by coming along with family members of victims killed allegedly in police firing during violence at Masuri (Ghaziabad), to meet Mulayam.The violence broke out on Friday last after a desecrated copy of a religious text was found scattered on the railway tracks at Masuri. The violent mob torched the Masuri police station and torched vehicles. Six persons of minority community were killed in police firing to control the violence. SP sources said that Bukhari is angry because he has not been invited by Azam. Bukhari had recently attacked SP government of neglecting the interest of Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456766", "title": "Adequate relief sought for Kumbakonam fire victims", "text": "CHENNAI: Eight years after 94 school children were charred to death in a tragic fire at the thatched Sri Krishna Aided Primary School and Saraswath Primary School at Kumbakonam, a writ petition seeking adequate compensation has been filed in the Madras high court.Justice D Hariparanthaman, before whom the petition filed by K Inbaraj, secretary of Kumbakonam Fire Tragedy Victims Association, who also lost his two sons in the incident, came up for hearing, has directed advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan to submit his reply by September 24.After 94 children were killed and 15 others suffered burn injuries in the incident, the state government announced an exgratia of 1 lakh each to the families of the deceased children, and granted 50,000 to the injured. On its part, the central government granted 50,000 to each of the aggrieved families, besides treatment in private hospitals. The Thanjavur district administration gave housing pattas to each of the parents of the deceased children. Except these measures, no suitable compensation had been announced by the government.The Justice K Sampath Committee, appointed to probe the issue, filed a report on June 30, 2006.Pointing out that the committee had laid the blame entirely on government officials in education, fire services and other departments, the petitioner said the government, hence, was vicariously responsible for the tragic incident.He prayed for a direction to the government to pay 'adequate compensation' with 12 per cent interest per annum from the date of the accident, besides free treatment such as plastic/corrective surgery to the injured children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458388", "title": "Youth, man end lives in separate incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: In separate incidents, a 22-year-old and a man in his forties ended their life by hanging themselves at their residence under the jurisdiction of Rana Pratap Nagar police station and Sakkardara police station respectively.Mahesh Khadse, a resident of Shivaji Nagar in Khamla, was found hanging from the ceiling hook with a telephone wire in his shanty. No suicide note was found from the room. Police suspect poverty behind his ending his life. Police said Khadse was working at a cycle repairing shop. Being addicted to alcohol, he was not happy with the economic condition of his family.In another incident, Pramod Gajbhiye, a marketing executive, committed suicide after a dispute with his wife Megha. Police said that on Tuesday morning Gajbhiye had an argument with Megha over their child, whether he should go to school or not.However, the petty argument took a serious turn when an angry Gajbhiye locked the room and hanged himself to the ceiling fan. Megha kept on knocking but Gajbhiye ended his life. No suicide note was found.Sakkardara police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460698", "title": "Man with brown sugar held from Idgah area", "text": "BHOPAL: A habitual offender was caught with 120 grams of brown sugar from the Idgah Hills locality here on Tuesday. The contraband is worth Rs 15 lakh, police said. Om Prakash Baba was nabbed with the contraband while he was waiting for a buyer. The accused is a criminal under surveillance of the Shahjehanabad area, the police said, adding that he was produced in court and sent to jail.Suicide: An 18-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide in Machli Market locality in Bairagarh on Tuesday evening. The deceased has been identified as Anita. The reason for the girl taking the extreme step is not yet clear. Her body was reportedly found hanging in the evening.Rape: A 27-year-old woman lodged a complaint of rape against a man who fraudulently married her despite being married with kids. Ashoka Garden police station officials said that the accused Satendra Kumar got married to the woman claiming that he was unmarried. However, on learning that he is already married the woman approached the police and got a case registered. There are two more accused in the case- Yatendra and Jaishree who are also allegedly involved in the crime, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457764", "title": "Undertrial tries to cut veins in court", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old undertrial attempted suicide by cutting his veins while he was being produced in a court in Bani Park area on Monday. The police said that the undertrial, who is booked in a fake currency notes case, was claiming innocence and suddenly scratched his hands on the iron pipes of the barracks in the court. He was discharged from a hospital after preliminary treatment. However, a case of attempting suicide has been registered against him.According to ACP, Sadar, Bajrang Singh, the man, Rakesh Kumar, is a resident of Bhilwara's Pratap Nagar area.\"Rakesh was brought to the sessions court on Monday and lodged in a barracks while hearing in his case was being awaited. He suddenly attempted to commit suicide by banging his hands on the sharp-edged iron pipes,\" said a police officer.The officer said that he was taken to a dispensary, where he was provided first aid and then discharged.\"The injury was not serious. However, he has been booked under Section 309 of IPC,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455621", "title": "Rocked, govt sets up tanks for PoP Ganeshas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police and civic authorities have chosen the middle path to resolve the Ganesh idol immersion controversy. Immersion of smaller Ganesh idols will now take place in artificial water-tanks dug up on the banks of Sabarmati river front while the larger idols will be immersed in the river.The city police authorities recently had issued a notification disallowing Ganesh idols made with Plaster of Paris to be immersed in any water bodies across the city, and this had sparked off a controversy. On Tuesday city police officials, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) authorities, Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) officials and members of Sarvajanik Ganesh Utsav Mandal met at city police headquarters in Shahibaug. Later, city municipal commissioner, Guruprasad Mohapatra, said that 13 artificial tanks of 50 feet x 20 feet x 15 feet dimension will be dug out on the riverfront near its retaining wall. \"It will not be a permanent solution. The tanks will only be prepared for the occasion as the idols made of Plaster of Paris will be collected for proper disposal afterwards. We also appeal to the citizens to go for eco-friendly idols this festival,\" he said.The tanks will be filled up with Narmada and Sabarmati waters and will be kept ready for devotees for the entire period ranging for seven days from Thursday onwards. The measure has been initiated to adhere to the pollution control regulations preventing chemical colours and Plaster of Paris (PoP) material to pollute the river. \"The point we put across was - ethos of the festival talks about disintegration of the idol as part of the ritual that symbolizes human's dissolution into the five elements. The PoP idols don't dissolve as easily. There has been no ban on the idols made of clay or water-soluble materials. We have been told that more than half of the idols bigger than 4 feet have been made of eco-friendly material and thus will be immersed in the river,\" said AK Sharma, joint commissioner of police (special branch).He said that 21 spots (ovara) along the river bank have been earmarked for traditional immersion in the river whereas the water tanks at 13 spots will be used for PoP immersion alone. The spots were chosen on the basis of easy access, security arrangements and crowd management, said officials. City police officials said that last year, the city had witnessed 813 major idols (more than 4 feet in height). So far, city police have received applications for 164 idols. The number is expected to rise during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kurukshetra ", "code": "16458024", "title": "Truck load of illegal crackers, 9 LPG gas cylinders seized in Haryana", "text": "KURUKSHETRA : District police unearthed an illegal godown of unauthorized crackers and LPG cylinders in Bhagwanpur colony of Pipli township of the district. The godown having fire crackers stocked in the room along with 9 filled gas cylinders were taken into custody during the night-long operation.One truck and five autorickshaws were pressed into service to transport seized crackers.Rakesh Kumar, a youth of Pipli town has been arrested by the police for possessing crackers without license and illegal cylinders as well.\" Keeping in mind the coming Diwali season, the accused had stared storing crackers in his godown. When we asked him to produce the license, he failed to do so, as he had not procured any for it.\" said SHO, Preetam Singh, Pipli police station.Reeta, an inspector at district food and supplies department, who also reached the spot checked the status of LPG cylinders recovered from Rakesh Kumar. Cylinders were meant for black marketing , she said.\"The most worrisome point is that how dangerous could be storage of LPG cylinders and crackers at same place. It could engulf the entire town,\" She added.After this incident, district police administration has decided to carry out the special raid to check out the storage of crackers in view of Diwali.Sunita Sharma of the same colony said, \" When people came to know about it, everyone was shocked but feeling relieved as the racket was busted. No one had idea about storage of crackers and LPG cylinders here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16456597", "title": "Woman molested at home", "text": "BARASAT: A 26-year-old woman was allegedly molested by a neighbour at her home in Barasat's Nawpara area on Monday night.The drunken youth barged into her house when she was alone and molested her. He beat her up when she tried to fight back but fled the moment he heard her husband returning home. The victim filed a complaint with police, naming her neighbour Pritam Sen.She alleges that the youth had been trying to force her into a relationship and attacked her when she refused to give in. He stalked her and even harassed her when she visited her parents, she says. \"We have received a complaint. Raids are being conducted to nab the accused,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16457934", "title": "HC plans daily hearing on sanitation, drainage", "text": "PATNA: Irked at the failure of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) to ensure regular lifting of garbage in different parts of the city and to solve the problem of waterlogging following rain, the Patna high court on Tuesday decided to monitor the twin issues on a day-to-day basis and directed the municipal body to submit progress report to the court in this regard everyday.A division bench of the HC comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh, while hearing a petition filed by Sunil Kumar, also directed the PMC to file an affidavit on the action taken so far to rid the state capital of waterlogging and garbage, which have made life miserable for the Patnaites. PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal was present in the court in response to the court's earlier summons.The court also appointed senior advocate K N Singh as an amicus curiae to inform and assist the court in the matter. It also asked a PMC lawyer, Vishwa Bibhuti, to receive complaints from residents and forward them to the PMC commissioner, who was directed to hold public hearing between 4.30pm-5.30pm everyday to solve people's grievances.PMC commissioner Pal told the court that the sump house at Rajapur, which was earlier dysfunctional, has now been made functional. The court directed him to treat as complaints all the supplementary petitions filed before the high court and give replies to them.Advocate Vivek said the bench directed the PMC to constitute a team for the city, with the mobile number of each of its members being publicized widely. Residents could inform them of the problem in their areas. The court also directed the corporation to file a report about utilization of the budgetary allocation by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16456011", "title": "\u2018Messy\u2019 Hussainsagar to greet Conference of Parties delegates", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hussainsagar is one of the many 'must-visit' tourist sites prominently listed on the itinerary of Conference of Parties - 11 delegates. But will the city's most important water body be ready to paint a pretty picture for the foreign contingent arriving this October? The answer, according to environmentalists, is an unfortunate no. And it's not only because of the unfinished cleaning drive being carried out by the state authorities at the lake. A persistent concern for them is also the Ganesh 'Nimajjan' scheduled for September 29. With municipal officials admitting they have no special arrangements in place to clear the immersed idols in time for the global summit, environmentalists fear that Hussainsagar might miserably fail to impress the guests. CoP-11 begins in Hyderabad on October 1.Rough estimates suggest that well over 20,000 Ganesh idols, complete with garlands and ornaments, are immersed in this water body every year. With cleaning work starting only a day later, it takes the authorities anywhere between 7 and 10 days to finish the job. And it isn't going to be any different this time around, officials maintain. \"It is impossible to clear the lake sooner than that. Though we will try to hurry up for CoP-11, it seems highly unlikely,\" said an official of the Buddha Purnima Project Authority (BPPA), in-charge of cleaning the lake along the NTR Marg stretch. Apart from adding to the mess, environmentalist rue how the immersions, considering most Ganesh idols are still carved out of Plaster of Paris, add to the already high pollution levels of the lake. A recent study shows that more than 11,000 tonnes of carbondioxide is emitted due to this every year.\"Keeping the biodiversity meet in mind, authorities could have devised some plan to segregate items before they are dumped in the lake. Had they made provisions to collect flowers and plastic materials prior to the immersion, clearing out the idols would have been easier,\" said P Rama Krishna, former convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (Soul) that has been, for long, battling for a clean Hussainsagar.Referring to a report prepared on the lake a few years ago, environmentalists also suggested the authorities to restrict the immersions to a water body adjacent to Minister's Road. This, they say, could help in covering the 'ugly face' of Hussainsagar to some extent.But some environmentalists like Jeevanand Reddy feel it would all be a futile exercise. Considering the existing pollution levels in the lake that have reached alarming heights over the last few years, he said that clearing out the idols in time would in no way help spruce up Hussainsagar.\"The stench is so strong now, that it is almost unavoidable. The only way delegates might appreciate the water body is if they are taken on a drive along the lake in an air-conditioned vehicle. Otherwise, it is difficult for them to be impressed,\" Reddy said.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation officials, in-charge of cleaning the Tank Bund stretch, however, have no such concerns. L Vandhan Kumar, additional commissioner (health &amp; sanitation), said that the department had deployed 2,000 workers (as against 1,500) to clear the procession routes within a few hours. \"Also, 30 vehicles will be stationed at the lake site to clean it fast,\" Kumar said. He, however, failed to assure if the work (cleaning of the lake) would be done before the foreign contingent visits Hussainsagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16455648", "title": "Modi seeks sarpanch support to come to power", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Chief minister Narendra Modi sought to woo the state's sarpanches to stay in power and 'build a grand Gujarat from January 2013 onwards'. In his address to the sarpanch mahasammelan at Mahatma Mandir on Tuesday, Modi said he isn't satisfied with the development in the state in the last decade. \"This should have happened before. I have just filled potholes,\" he said.The chief minister announced the setting up of a nutrition mission in Gujarat named 'Balam Sukham' to fight malnutrition. He handed over cheques to 26 sarpanchs under the mission as a token, and announced that money would be given to other villages on the basis of the number of malnourished children.Modi used the stage to counter the Congress' poll plank of affordable housing. He said, \"In 40 years (before his coming to power) only 10 lakh houses had been built. In the last 10 years 16 lakh houses were built and the first installment of Rs 21,000 has been given for the construction of another six lakh houses. This adds up to 22 lakh houses in a decade.\" He asked sarpanches to prepare lists of kutcha houses in their villages and promised these would be replaced by pucca ones.A sop of Rs 10,000 per annum was also announced for every sarpanch to meet miscellaneous expenses. Having made the announcements, he qualified it by saying that everything in a poll year should not be looked at from the election perspective.Sadbhavana was clearly visible at the function. Ghulam Abbas, a Muslim sarpanch from Kishoregarh in Sabarkantha praised Modi at length for the development in his village. He said there is no question of insecurity among the people in the time to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457743", "title": "Buses will run in Goa despite bandh", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharat bandh called on Thursday is not expected to cause any impact on Ganesh Chaturthi festivities in the state as buses will run as usual. A BJP leader conceded that the party's rank and file in Goa will be busy soaking in the joy and warmth of the festival. P 3From P 1\"How can we disturb people on the festive occasion and ask them to desist from their prayers and come out on the streets,\" the source said. Thursday is the peak festival period.The bandh call also elicited a negative response from all Goa private bus owners association, who have decided not to support the bandh. \"We don't want to put commuters participating in the festivities into hardship,\" an association office bearer said.NDA had urged people to support the nationwide bandh protesting the hike in diesel prices and restriction of LPG gas cylinders to six per family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16455996", "title": "Gen Z carries India's hopes for 2020 Olympics", "text": "BANGALORE: Gen Z will be the focus of the Union sports ministry from now on as it prepares to tap India's talent in the sub-junior and junior categories for the Olympic and Asian Games over the next eight years.The ageless 'catch them young' programme has been given a fresh lease of life with the Sports Authority of India working with national sports federations to draw up a plan for the coming years.In store for the sub-juniors (12-14 age group) and juniors (15-17) are increased exposure tours, the best of infrastructure, sports medicine facilities and a dedicated team of experts, including foreign coaches.The ratio of fund allocation, which is 75-25 in favour of the seniors now may be a more rational 50-50 or decidedly tilted towards the juniors.The ministry has also realised the worth of concentrating on a few sports and games and has shortlisted nine which would get additional support.Obviously, the inputs from London Olympics and the success stories of countries which have carefully chosen their games to excel in have added value to the decision.Shooting, wrestling, badminton and boxing belong to this list along with athletics, archery, weightlifting, hockey and judo. Fencing too is on the menu, although a great deal of work needs to be done.But the combat sport secured the ministry's vote on the sole count that it relies on agility and superb hand-eye coordination, two attributes that bear the unique Indian stamp.Even here, not all events in these sports would be covered. For example, in athletics, sprints may not get the backing of the government as would a few field events.FAST FACTSSub-juniors (12-14 age group) to be the sole focus for 2020 Olympics. Juniors (15-17) for 2016 Olympics.Nine sports identified for special attention: shooting, wrestling, badminton, boxing, athletics, archery, weightlifting, hockey and judo. Fencing too may join the elite list.This number may go up if other sports show good results in future.Focus on select events in these nine sports. For eg, lower weight categories in wrestling, boxing, judo and weightlifting.Sub-juniors and juniors to get best of exposure and a dedicated team of experts, including foreign coach.Focus more on Asian Games and Olympics than CWG and SAF Games.Times ViewThe sports ministry's decision to focus on Gen Z (the sub-juniors and juniors) in a bid to develop champions for the 2020 Olympics and beyond is laudable. In the past, most plans for the mega multi-sports events like the Olympics and Asian Games were ad-hoc, poorly-funded and came with a small window of two-three years to get the 'medal hopefuls' ready for the big stage.The reasonable success at the London Games seems to have finally shown ministry the way. Besides, the decision to shortlist nine sports disciplines which will get additional support by way of funding, foreign exposure and technical support also shows that some brains are ticking in the Shastri Bhawan corridors. Given the tight resources, there is no point spreading your means too thin. 'Catch them young' finally seems to be catching on in Indian sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16460867", "title": "Cong gherao against 'poor' healthcare in Nabarangpur", "text": "KORAPUT: Members of the Congress gheraoed all the 10 block offices across Nabarangapur district on Tuesday in protest against the 'deteriorating' healthcare services in the district due to the alleged apathetic attitude of the state government. Demanding the resignation of health minister Damodar Rout over the recent cholera outbreak in the district, the national party submitted a memorandum to the administration on behalf of the governor of Odisha.\"Due to the failure of the state government in improving the healthcare facilities in the district, the waterborne disease has claimed many lives and hundreds of people are still affected by the disease. Nabarangapur has witnessed the change of as many as seven chief district medical officers in the past seven months, due to which the health administration has totally collapsed in this tribal-dominated district,\" alleged Nabarangapur MP Pradeep Majhi.Apart from demanding the resignation of the health minister, the Congress party has demanded filling up vacant posts of doctor in the district with immediate effect and has threatened to launch a relay hunger strike from Septemebr 24 if their demands are not fulfilled.\"While 42 posts of specialists have been sanctioned for the district, Nabarangapur has only three paediatric specialists. Out of 128 sanctioned posts of doctors, as many as 70 posts are lying vacant. We want the adequate number of doctors to be posted in the district immediately or we would launch a relay hunger strike from September 24,\" said president of the Nabaranangapur district unit of Congress Narayan Patro.Also condemning the state government's confirmation of only six deaths due to gastroenteritis in the district in the past few weeks, Majhi pointed out that least 33 people have died of diarrhoea in the district in the recent past. \"It's very unfortunate that when people are dying like flies and each day fresh cases of diarrhoea are pouring into the hospitals the health minister is misleading people by providing false death figures,\" he said.The health minister said on Monday four people died due to the waterborne disease in August, while two more succumbed to it in September in the district.Recently, irate locals had gheraoed the director of public health department Prasad Kumar Patnaik during his visit to Chandhandi in the district to take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457167", "title": "Power consumers in Maharashtra feel gas, coal shortage heat", "text": "MUMBAI: At least for the next few months over 1.5 crore power consumers across Maharashtra will have to continue paying Re 1 per unit extra for over 2,000 MW high-cost power being borrowed from outside the state.Amid shortage of gas and quality coal supply from the Centre, the state's power generation plants are unable to produce over 2,000 MW cheaper power despite having the capacity to do so. thus putting an extra burden on the consumers' billing.A high-level meeting between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Union power minister Veerappa Moily held at Sahyadri Guesthouse on Tuesday to discuss this issue failed to come out with any immediate solution to end the crisis.\"I will soon write to the Prime Minister and take up the issue (of lack of gas supply to the Dabhol power generation plant in Ratnagiri) at the meeting of the empowered group of ministers. Similarly, the matter of shortage in quality coal supply will soon be discussed with Coal India authorities. Other alteratives in case of coal shortages will also be explored,\" Moily said while talking to the media soon after the meeting.This, say sources, means there will be no immediate respite for the consumers. who are already facing inflation.While Dabhol power plant is generating only 600 MW power despite having capacity to generate 1950 MW due to shortage in gas supply, another gas power plant in Uran is also generating only 400 Mw against 852 MW capacity due to lack of gas supply. Similarly, several other thermal power plants in the state were getting substandard coal besides the shortage in coal supply thus taking away their nearly 1000 MW capacity to generate power daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16456106", "title": "Central Administrative Tribunal stays IPS officer\u2019s suspension", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Hyderabad bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Tuesday stayed the suspension of B Naveen Kumar, ASP of Rampachodavaram in East Godavari district.Earlier, the state suspended him after his public utterances against the SP of the district and also against a DG rank officer in Hyderabad. Going to the media against senior police officials was seen as gross indiscipline by the government.The bench comprising Justice P Swarup Reddy and R Santanam, which heard the arguments of Naveen through his counsel, said that addressing the media in itself did not constitute an offence or indiscipline.Referring to the ASP's contentions that he was targeted by the ganja mafia because he was controlling them effectively, the bench said, \"If what Naveen is saying is right, he deserves support from the higher ups, not harassment. Moreover, the suspension order served on him did not cite any valid rules pertaining to the IPS officers' conduct\".The bench also directed the authorities to file their counter and said that their order would not stop the state from shifting Naveen from his current posting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456677", "title": "Crushing blow to battered finances", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee bit the bullet and Bengal will feel the pain. The withdrawal of Trinamool Congress from UPA-II will be a body blow to the state's battered finances. As things stand now, the state can just about bear its salary expenses. Once out of the central government, its planned expenditure will suffer.Mamata had all along hoped for a moratorium on the interest on its central debt of Rs 2.08 lakh crore, but the Congress-led UPA government kept her waiting. State finance minister Amit Mitra had a meeting scheduled with Union finance minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday to discuss a special package but Mitra cancelled his trip on Mamata's orders on Monday.Mitra had sought central nod for a 10-year debt restructuring in May but was put on hold. Now, there is a big question mark over whether the Centre will at all hear out Bengal's plea for help.Leading economists feel that the chances of getting a financial package have diminished with the withdrawal of support. A senior minister also admitted, on the condition of anonymity, that the flow of funds will dry up and development projects will be severely affected \"if the Centre turns hostile\".Noted economist Abhirup Sarkar, a professor at the Indian Statistical Institute, feels that Bengal has negligible chance of getting a moratorium on repayment, as things stand now. He pointed out that the possibility of a debt recast was anyway slim after Chidambaram took over as finance minister. \"As far as I know him (Chidambaram), he is not in favour of such moratorium,\" he said.According to Sarkar, the chief minister's decision to pull out may not be good for Bengal's finances but it is a \"humanitarian decision\".\"Due to FDI in retail, some people will suffer temporarily but ultimately there will be gain on the whole. For every such economic reform, the poor suffer for some time. In this context it is a humanitarian decision,\" he added.Former head of the department of economics at ISI, Dipankar Dasgupta, feels that the fate of the financial package depends on how Congress reacts to Mamata's decision. \"If they (Congress) feel threatened then there will be a negotiation,\" he feels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457539", "title": "Ghosh appointed as NRHM project director", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday appointed Amit Kumar Ghosh as director of the National Rural Health Mission project, State Innovations in Family Planning Services Agency (SIFPSA) and UP Health Systems Development Project.Ghosh, back recently from a one-year foreign training stint, will join work immediately.The government also appointed special secretary, department of infrastructure and industrial development, Roshan Jacob as director, medical and health services, Lucknow.The state also transferred RC Srivastava, principal secretary, department of technical education as chairman of administrative tribunal and UP state Vigilance Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16461273", "title": "Genpact inks deal with Calypso Technology", "text": "NEW DELHI: BPO major Genpact has said it has signed a master partnership agreement with Calypso Technology to implement the latter's capital markets software platform for global clients.No financial details were disclosed. Under the terms of the agreement, Genpact's Enterprise Applications Services (EAS) group will be able to provide a range of support services including implementations and upgrades for the Calypso Trading and Risk Management application software suite utilised by major financial institutions globally, Genpact said in a statement.Genpact and Calypso Technology will help capital markets clients increase the efficiency in their trading and risk management operations, including reduction of total cost of ownership (TCO) and implementation and upgrade cycle times, it said.\"As global business and services partners, we are combining Calypso's leading capital markets technology platform and Genpact's strong global capital markets domain and managed services competency, which will help our clients increase the effectiveness of their key trading and risk operations,\" Genpact Senior VP (IT Solutions and Capital Markets) Sandeep Sahai said.Calypso has 130 customers, including many of the world's largest banks. It has 17 global offices and over 600 employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16461854", "title": "Association of Bhopal Realtors is a member of NAR", "text": "Indore: The Association of Bhopal Realtors (ABR) has recently joined National Association of Realtors of India (NAR India) as its member. NAR India is the credible voice of realtors in India. It is the single national level umbrella organization representing the interests of thousands of realtors/brokers operating all over the country.Commenting on the association, Pradeep Karambelkar, president, ABR, said, \"The Association was a much needed concern for us. The Indian real estate market is getting organized day by day. It has emerged as a huge industry with a lot of investment on stake. With property boom spreading in all directions, real estate in India is touching new heights. Even the highly disorganized real estate brokerage business has moved towards professionalism.\"\"Associations like Confederation of Real Estate Developer's Association's of India ( CREDAI) and National Association of Realtors of India (NAR India) aim to promote real estate and housing in an organized manner and coordinate with the government bodies for various related issues. Such organizations make a huge impact on the market and force the concerned members to follow a certain code of conduct while executing their activities,\" he said, adding that Even in Bhopal, this trend is catching up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457059", "title": "HC gives UP govt 14 days to ban gutka", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Allahabad High Court has ordered the UP government to restrain manufacturing, sale and distribution of 'gutka' in the state and inform the court after 14 days steps taken to implement the order. The order is also applicable to any other food product containing tobacco as an ingredient.Fixing October 10 for filing compliance report to implement the Central government's directions under the Food Safety Act, the court in its order, passed on a public interest litigation filed by Indian Dental Association, also said that if the state government failed to act within the stipulated time, it may consider to pass an order banning gutka.Earlier, standing counsel for the Central government submitted before the court three letters sent by the special secretary, Union ministry of health and family welfare, between May and August 2012 directing the UP government to prohibit the sale and distribution of gutka or pan masala containing tobacco, in the light of the provisions of the Food Safety and Standards Act putting restrictions on adding tobacco and nicotine to any food product. In response, the state government on September 10, filed an affidavit in the court assuring that it would take necessary action to ban the sale of gutka in UP in 14 days.However, contrary to its assurance, the UP government has not banned gutka so far. As a result, a division bench comprising Justice Amar Saran and Justice Anurag Kumar, which is hearing the case, in its order observed that as many as 13 states have already imposed ban on manufacture, distribution and sale of gutka.Also, it said, no stay orders by the high courts of those states or the Supreme Court on decision to ban gutka by any state has been passed. The high courts of Madhya Pradesh, Mumbai, Kerala and Patna have affirmed the decisions of their state governments imposing restrictions, it said.\"There can hardly be any dispute that use of gutka is highly addictive and causative of oral cancer and periodontal and other diseases including being a risk factor for strokes and cardiac arrests and that according to the Global Adult Tobacco Survey India (GATS) 2010, an estimated 20.6 crore Indians are using this harmful product which poses a grave health risk to our people in general and to the younger generation in particular. It is also stated that India enjoys the dubious distinction of being the oral cancer capital of the world due to the high levels of smokeless tobacco use,\" the bench stated in the order.The court recalled that UP government had earlier assured on May 23, 2012 that it is seriously considering prohibiting the sale of gutka. \"But instead of putting a ban on the manufacture and sale of gutka, the UP government has lowered the tax so as to facilitate increased the sale of this product. We have already expressed regret over this development in our on September 10,\" the bench said. In the light of thse facts, the sincerity and commitment of the UP government to care for the health of citizens by restricting the use of gutka which is a health hazard is under examination now, the court stated in the order.The court also observed that the Right to Health is a fundamental right flowing from the right to life guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution of India. Article 47 casts a fundamental duty on the state to improve public health, and to endeavour to prohibit consumption of intoxicating substances which are injurious to health. The state government counsel told the court that there was no doubt that gutka was harmful but only the Central government could put a restriction on its use. However, court's view was that both the Central and state government were responsible for enforcement of the Food Safety Act.Further, the court cited various provisions of the Food Security Act to conclude that paan masala was a food product. And, as per the act, the government has to impose ban on the food products containing tobacco and nicotine. The court disagreed with the argument put forward by counsel of the gutka manufacturers that there is a special law for the tobacco products - the Cigarettes and other Tobacco products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act 2003, which they said will prevail over the Food Safety Act with regard to gutka.In fact, the court felt that that the Central government's regulation under the Food Safety Act specifically provided for prohibition on addition of tobacco and nicotine through food product, whereas the Cigarettes and other Tobacco products Act 2003 only sought to restrain advertisements and to lay down other conditions to restrict the deleterious effects of tobacco consumption and other conditions relating to its trade and commerce. The court said that the regulation issued later normally prevail over an earlier statute. The Food Safety Act also has a provision which provides for overriding effect over other laws.The standing counsel for the Central government sought more time from the court to file a counter-affidavit annexing the letters sent by the Union ministry of health and family welfare to the UP government and other material for clarifying the stance of the government of India. The court allowed two weeks time for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16461234", "title": "Teenager burnt alive in inferno", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A 16-year-old girl was burnt alive and 22 thatched houses reduced to ashes when a major fire swept through Samalapur village in Kendarpada district on Tuesday. The deceased, Sonu Swain (16), was taking a nap in the house of her brother-in-law Susanta Swain when the incident took place. The victim was a Class IX student of Kanapur high school.The cause of fire could not be ascertained, the police officer of Kendrapada police station said. Fire-fighters from Kendrapada rushed to the spot and brought the fire under control after an hour.Kendrapada BDO and other officials have visited the village. \"All those affected will be provided houses under Indira Awas Yogana,\" the BDO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460702", "title": "Working with Aamir was a dream come true: Pariva", "text": "TV actor Pariva Pranati, who is essaying the role of Susheela Binoychandra Majumdar in the serial Ek Doosre Se Karte Hain Pyaar Hum, will soon be seen rubbing shoulders with some of the biggest names in Bollywood.Pariva is a part of Aamir Khan starrer psychological thriller, Talaash . She plays Soniya Kapoor, wife of superstar Armaan, played by television actor Vivan Bhatena. The couple gets embroiled in an accident which is investigated by Inspector Shekhawat, played by Aamir. Pariva \u2014 who had played a bit role in Bobby Deol-Kangana starrer Vaada Raha way back in 2009 \u2014 thinks she was plain lucky to bag a role in Talaash . \"The casting was going on for a very long time. I was busy shooting for another show, One day, I had late night shoot, so I managed to take time out to go for the auditions. They took a day or two to get back with good news.\" Pariva was all praise for the cast and crew of Talaash . \"I had signed the film even before I signed my TV show. We finished shooting in August last year. I shot with Aamir Khan for four days in Mumbai. It was dream come true for me. When you work with him, you don't realize you are working with THE Aamir Khan. He is so down-to-earth with no starry tantrums. It was just like working with any other actor. Director Reema Kagti too did her best to make me feel comfortable on the sets. She is just brilliant.\" However, Pariva is tad bit upset as she didn't get to share screen space with Rani Mukerji and Kareena in the film. For her fans, who are so used to watching the sari-clad Pariva in the serial, will have a tough time recognizing her in Talaash. \"My role is limited to first-half of the movie where I have a corporate look \u2014 mostly in shirts, trousers and suits sans any make-up. I also sport coloured hair,\" Pariva informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16458744", "title": "Island ire: Young Chinese join anti-Japan stir on invasion anniversary", "text": "BEIJING: \"Young people are patriotic and opposed to Japan. We want to prove it,\" 21-yearold student of film making Zhang Xin said as she walked with thousands like her in a protest march outside the Japanese embassy in Beijing. Her co-marcher , Wu Min, said he was furious that Japan has stolen the Island from China . Wu was encouraged by his boss in a marketing company to take the afternoon off in order to join the march.They are among thousands of young Chinese people expressing patriotism by opposing Japan's decision to nationalize the disputed islands , called Diaoyu in Xhaina and Senkaku in Japan.This is the first show of political involvement by China's young people below the age of 30, who are mostly not associated with the ruling Communist Party. Besides street demonstrators, millions of youngsters are voting against Japan with posts on Twitterlike micro blogging sites.China observed the 81st anniversary of Japanese invasion of China with the government calling it a \"day of shame\" . Unlike fears expressed in different quarters, there were no major cases of violence on Tuesday.There were clear signs that the Communist Party was controlling at least some sections of protesters and were still capable of stopping violence against Japanese people and companies.US defence secretary Leon Panetta , who is in Beijing, called for calm and restraint after having already clarified that Washington will not take sides in the conflict between the two nations. \"We still hope for a peaceful and negotiated solution to this issue and we hope to work together and work well with the Japanese government,\" defence minister Liang Guanglie said.There was escalation of tension in the East China Sea with Japan's coastgaurd complaining on Tuesday that three Chinese maritime surveillance ships briefly entered what Japan considers its territory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456545", "title": "Six DTC officials caused Rs 1.7cr loss", "text": "NEW DELHI: A departmental inquiry has found six DTC officials guilty of causing a loss of Rs 1.7 crore by not imposing a penalty on \"defective\" buses parked at the Rajghat bus depot over six months.According to the annual maintenance contract, the service provider (manufacturer in this case) is liable to pay DTC damages of Rs 4000 per bus daily (against two shifts) for the buses that are grounded at depots on account of any malfunction or defect. In this case, 110 buses of one manufacturer were held up at the Rajghat depot between April 2011 and September 2011 but the officials took only 84 buses into account while calculating and imposing the penalty.Following submission of the inquiry report last month, DTC chairman Rajeev Verma issued a show-cause notice to all these officials while two senior officials - deputy chief general manager H C Gupta and senior manager-cum-depot manager of Rajghat depot Sharat Kumar - were transferred. This was confirmed to TOI by Verma.But the action looks like a rap on the wrist. Gupta has been shifted to the vigilance department (which is conducting the inquiry) as chief general manager, depot inspections, while Kumar has been made depot manager of Millennium Depot II. He has also been given additional charge of media.\"Despite two back-to-back inquires - first by the department concerned and then by DTC vigilance which confirmed the charges - no FIR has yet been registered,\" said a senior DTC official.According to the inquiry report (a copy of which is available with TOI), the accused DTC officials - Sandeep Kumar , OM Vishan, R K Sharma and Vivek Singh besides Gupta and Sharat Kumar - who were part of the review committee looking into the matter took the decision to not impose the penalty.\"From the perusal of the minutes of the review committee, it appears that the minutes have been drafted very tactfully by taking care that nothing is mentioned regarding non-imposing of penalty on the service provider in respect of 26 buses out of a fleet of 110 at the Rajghat depot. This reflects bad intention for extending benefit to the service provider by non-imposition of penalty of Rs 1.7 crore. No reason or cause for not imposing the penalty has been mentioned at all on the records of the minutes dated 15 March 2012,\" says the report.The report has proposed recovering of the amount from the service provider and strict disciplinary action against the erring officials. It has also suggested an urgent need to develop a mechanism to cross-check post-audit the AMC bills to avoid such abuse in future.The matter came to light in June this year when one of the officials, R K Sharma, after an altercation with the others, reported the matter to his seniors. While later he retracted and refused to give a written complaint, the department ordered an inquiry.According to the report, Sharma told his seniors that in the first instance, while preparing the draft minutes of the meeting of the review committee, a para was recorded to impose the penalty, but later on, while preparing the fair copy of the minutes, this para was deleted at the instance of DM, Rajghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457825", "title": "Rains let up after crossing seasonal average", "text": "PANAJI: During the last seven days, the force of the monsoon has weakened further as the meteorological centre at Altinho recorded less than half an inch of rain till Tuesday morning.The total seasonal rainfall reached 2,687.4mm (about 107 inches) on Tuesday morning. But after a wet spell during the earlier part of the month when the seasonal landmark of 100 inches was recorded on September 3, the quantum of rainfall has subsided.The wettest day of the month with 57.6mm rainfall was on September 4 but from the following day onwards the quantum of rainfall decreased sharply.Barring the highest rainfall on a single day of 57.6mm, the fortnight that followed has produced only 87.9mm (just over 3inches) of rainfall.\"At present, the monsoon is weak and the offshore trough is not active,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological centre said.Rainfall is light to moderate and the trend is likely to continue for a few days, he added.With the rainfall received till September 30 considered as seasonal, the seasonal average of 2,586.3mm for the entire monsoon season (June-September) was crossed on September 4, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459779", "title": "Regional tax advisory committee meet", "text": "INDORE: The income taxpayers are faced with a big problem due to mismatch in the income tax (I-T) returns being filed by them. In fact the arrear demand verification gets stalled due to this mismatch, resulting in the delay which further causes lots of troubles before the tax payers. Normally it takes several months for the taxpayers to get the mismatch rectified and there may be thousands of such affected assesses in the Indore region alone.The issue was raised prominently by the members of the Regional Direct Tax Advisory Committee, which was held here on Monday. Keeping it in view, the committee has decided to open a special window at income tax office here so as to address the issue. The window, once opened, is likely to do its job of resolving the issue within 21 days only.Talking to ToI, chief commissioner, income tax (Indore region) Surendra Mishra, who had chaired the meeting, said, \"The problem of mismatch was taking place due to technical reasons. In absence of required information, there is an anomaly causing mismatch. So, what happens that despite the fact that the assessee has already paid the entire tax to the department, nevertheless the outstanding was reflecting in his account. Hence, we have decided to open a special window to address the problem.\"Rajesh Joshi, an advocate who attended the meeting, said, \"The returns are processed at central processing centre (CPC), intimations issued by CPC have lots of mistakes, which needs to be rectified.Principal, Daly College Sumer Singh said, \"We need to examine whether a school loses its charitable status if it makes profit and pays tax\". Manish Dafria, who is the visiting faculty of IIM (I), said, \"A time-bound mechanism may be created in the department for issuance of No TDS certificate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457756", "title": "KTC bonanza to daily commuters and students", "text": "PANAJI: Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) is set to launch a monthly pass system for daily commuters at a discounted rate of 70% and a monthly pass system for bonafide students at a discounted rate of 85%.KTC managing director Derrick Netto told TOI that while KTC's daily commuters can buy a monthly pass of 22 days for just 30% of the amount, students will have to pay just 15% of the amount. Both passes will be launched on October 2.Netto said the scheme is in fulfillment of the chief minister's budget speech wherein he assured a subsidy of 70% to commuters and that of 85% to students who use public transport \"to provide a cushion against rising cost of living\".KTC ferries around 80,000 passengers daily on about 286 routes in Goa. The monthly pass schemes are expected to add at least 40% new passengers to KTC's passenger base. Netto said KTC earns around 15 lakh daily, so the increase in passengers is expected to raise the revenues of the corporation correspondingly.KTC also hopes that the schemes will encourage people to use the public transport system and leave their vehicles at home thereby decongesting the roads and towns in Goa. The government has already approved the scheme but computer infrastructure is still to be put in place.The concept has been borrowed from Mumbai's railways.KTC has called for inquiries from four agencies to install the necessary infrastructure that will be used to issue the monthly passes. One is Goa electronics limited, a subsidiary of the economic development corporation , the second is the national informatics centre and two are private agencies.Netto said KTC will initially install one system at Panaji bus stand on October 2. Monthly passes will be issued at other bus stands subsequently.KTC will start publicizing the monthly pass schemes from September 24 through circulars to schools, colleges, government offices, institutions and corporate offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455487", "title": "Groups clash over parking", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two groups of youngsters got into a brawl at a cafe on SG Highway on Sunday night. A complaint for the incident was filed with Vastrapur police on Monday. Police said that the younger son of former underworld don Abdul Latif's aide Yusuf Laplap was named as an assailant in the case. Three people were injured in the fight.According to police investigators, Rahul Trivedi, 18, a resident of Sterling City, Bopal, went to Cafe Cabana behind Rajpath Club on Sunday at 8 pm. Trivedi, a B.Com second year student in a city college , was accompanied by his friends in his car.\"According to the complaint, as soon as he parked outside the cafe, two youths, in their early twenties, approached them on a Suzuki Hayabusa bike. The rider told him not to park there as it was 'his' spot. Trivedi persisted because there was no other space available. The youth then walked up to him and started beating him up. Soon, he was joined by the pillion rider and two to three others who were at the cafe. Trivedi's friends also tried to save him but in vain,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Trivedi said in his complaint that he later found out that the assailant was Musaif Khan Pathan, who identified himself as the son of Yusuf Laplap, a former Abdul Latif aide and a resident of Juhapura. \"Trivedi was taken to a private hospital for his injuries to his eye, mouth and head. After a day there, he filed the complaint. We have started a search for the accused,\" said the official.Vastrapur police officials said that many coffee bars, cafes and eateries between Iskcon circle and Sola flyover have become hotbeds for nefarious activities involving youth. The incident came days after two youths were beaten up by a group at a coffee bar on the same road. Officials said that, most times, fights between groups happen late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16458588", "title": "21-year-old youth kills self over inflation", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Blaming inflation for pushing him to the brink, a 21-year-old worker in a paint factory killed himself by hanging from a ceiling fan in Loni, Ghaziabad on Monday.The victim, Bharat Tomar, cited rising prices as the reason for taking the extreme step. \"No person is responsible for my death. The only reason is mahangai (price rise),\" he wrote in a suicide note.Police said Bharat had been facing financial problems which were compounded by high rate of inflation. \"The boy was looking for a better job but was unable to find one,\" said a police officer.Tomar, originally from Mathura, was found hanging in the paint factory where he worked. \"I have nothing against anyone, nor do I have any problems with my family. I am just fed up with my life,\" said his suicide note.\"Insaan kare bhi toh kya kare? Na hi acchi naukri hai upar se mahangai itni ki jeena mushkil hai (what can a man do? I do not have a good job and on top of that, inflation has made life difficult),\" he wrote.Tomar apologized profusely to his family and asked the authorities to ensure that his savings were transferred to his family. \"I couldn't do anything in my lifetime for my family,\" he regretfully wrote.On Monday, Tomar's family initially alleged he was killed. \"There was no pressure from our end. I think it's a murder that has been made to look like a suicide,\" said Sunil Tomar, his brother who has been referred to in the suicide note. In the note, Bharat had also referred to his brother, saying, \"You have always been there for me. I love you\".However, police confirmed Tomar had killed himself. \"The marks made by the rope on the neck have conclusively shown during the autopsy that it was a suicide,\" said S H Yadav, SP City, GhaziabadSunil said Bharat earned Rs 5,000 a month. His family had been planning to help him set up a shop to make him financially independent. \"I run a small garments shop and we had been trying to help Bharat set up his own shop. He had been unhappy about the financial condition of the family,\" said Sunil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16457810", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Court nod to auction Indra's properties", "text": "JODHPUR: A special CBI court on Tuesday rejected the applications of the son of Indra Bishnoi, an accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, and that of her brother Amar Singh, objecting to the auction of her house located in Saraswati Nagar in the city. The court, however, reserved its decision on auction of her share in the ancestral property at Bilara, Tilvasni, Bhavi and Dhana Magra villages.\"The court gave a go ahead to us for the auction of her house located in Saraswati Nagar,\" said senior special counsel for CBI, Ashok Joshi. This order will go the district magistrate now, who will initiate the proceedings of auction.Regarding the auction of her share in the ancestral property in the villages, the court has summoned the patwaris of respective villages and the tehsildar to quantify Indra's share in these properties. \"After demarcation and division of her share in the ancestral property, the court will pronounce its order,\" Joshi said.The CBI had moved an application in the court of ACJM (CBI cases) six months after attaching her property on February 10 seeking permission of the court to auction them. But followed by Amri Devi, mother of Indra Bishnoi, her son and brother also moved an application in the court objecting to the auction of her properties.Her son had objected only to the auction of her house whereas Amri Devi had objected to the auction of her share in ancestral properties of villages. But her brother Amar Singh had objected to the entire auction process comprising the house and the ancestral property. \"The court today rejected their objections as far as auction of her house was concerned and it kept the decision reserved regarding the ancestral property,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16457412", "title": "Arctic ice may totally collapse in 4 years: Expert", "text": "LONDON: Arctic sea ice may completely collapse within four years due to global warming , one of the world's leading ice experts has warned.As the sea area freezes and melts each year, shrinking to its lowest extent ever recorded, professor Peter Wadhams of Cambridge University called it a \"global disaster\" now unfolding in northern latitudes, the Guardian reported.Wadhams He predicted the imminent break-up of sea ice in summer of 2007, when the previous lowest extent of 4.17 million square kilometres was set. This year, it has plunged a further 5,00,000 sq km to less than 3.5 m sq km.\"The main cause is simply global warming: as the climate has warmed there has been less ice growth during the winter and more ice melt during the summer,\" he said.\"At first this didn't [get] noticed; the summer ice limits slowly shrank back, at a rate which suggested that the ice would last another 50 years or so. But in the end the summer melt overtook the winter growth,\" Wadhams said.\"This collapse, I predicted would occur in 2015-16 at which time the summer Arctic (August to September) would become ice-free.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16457388", "title": "Here's a cycle that can adjust its seat", "text": "LONDON: Engineers have developed a gen-next bike which can adjust the seat, depending on whether the rider is going uphill, downhill, or simply on even terrain.The Cycling Sports Group has begun demonstrating its prototype bike at exhibitions, displaying the innovative \"cockpit\" that can glide back and forth without the need to make your own adjustments, the Daily Mail reported.That means if you are going uphill, the cockpit moves backgrounds and places the rider into a more upright position, the report said.On the other hand, if you are heading downhill, the seat will move you forward and into a lower position to give you more speed and control, it added.The small but vital adjustments mean a rider can just keep going - and will not need different bikes for different purposes.The cockpit moves according to a small lever by the handles, and is without the traditional fork and chains of modern bikes.The concept was suggested by bike design firm Cannondale, which turned to a company called Priority Designs to create the working model. \"Turning a sexy concept illustration into a working prototype is a tall order,\" Cannondale said.\"It would require creative engineering, design sensitivity and serious fabrication capabilities. Priority Designs had all of those, along with the passion to sweat every detail ... and get it done in time for August's EUROBIKE show,\" they said. The bike features a dynamically adjustable headset that moves both fore-and-aft and up-and-down, engineers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16460686", "title": "Corporates urge JSCA to pitch for IPL team", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) on Tuesday urged corporate houses in the state to make all necessary efforts to get an Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise for one of the cities. JSCA also promised to extend all possible support in terms of technical and logistics in the bidding process.IPL's governing council is planning to float a tender for a new IPL franchise following the termination of Deccan Charger's contract. The governing body has shortlisted 10 cities - including Jamshedpur and Ranchi - for a new IPL team in the next edition of the T20 tournament. The other cities in contention are Ahmedabad, Vishakhapatnam, Dharamsala, Indore, Nagpur, Cuttack, Kanpur (Greater Noida) and Rajkot. K D Singh, former chairman of Alchemist Group and a Rajya Sabha member of Trinamool Congress , said: \"I will try and build consensus and coordination among all the leading corporate houses currently operating in Jharkhand or have plans to invest in the state to come forward and bid for the IPL team.\"JSCA secretary Rajesh Verma said: \"With Ranchi and Jamshedpur on the shortlist, we have a perfect opportunity to become a part of the prestigious tournament. We have a state-of-the-art international-standard stadium in Ranchi and Jamshedpur's Keenan stadium will be world class after a little upgradation. The issue is about the sponsorship of the new team and for that we need funds. We appeal to the corporate houses based in the state to come forward and join hands in this regard.\"The base price for the new IPL team is likely to be substantially low and some JSCA officials and former board players have also expressed hope that big about corporate houses will take the matter seriously. \"The state is home to big firms like Tata Steel , Tata Motors , Hindalco and Usha Martin among others. We are counting on a positive response from them,\" said a senior JSCA functionary.According to the sources, the base price of new team will be Rs 300crore for five years and it will get the same share from the league's central revenue pool, which the original eight teams earn (60 per cent). Interestingly, the base price for the two new IPL teams in 2010 was more than Rs 1,000 crore. \"The new team owners will be given the option of picking players from the terminated Chargers team for the next edition,\" said a Bsource.\"We understand that the association with IPL will give an advantage to the corporate house in terms of publicity. IPL is a 50-day event but it is not possible for one particular company to dole out the base price alone. We are waiting for JSCA to come forward with an informal move to approach the corporate houses,\" said a senior executive of a Seraikela-based company which recently organized a successful T20 tournament for corporate houses in Jamshedpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16457694", "title": "Group petitions CM to ban cattle slaughter", "text": "Bicholim: The president and members of the Akhil vishwa gosawardhan centre(AVGSC), Goa unit, submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar demanding a ban on the slaughtering of cattle on the pretext of performing religious rituals by a particular community in the state.Addressing mediapersons in Bicholim on Monday, AVGSC president Hanumant Parab said that the memo was submitted to make the state government authorities aware about this \"malpractice\".Bharat Swabhimaan, Goa unit, president Kamlesh Bandekar; president of the animal rescue squad, Bicholim, Amrutsingh; John Fernandes, Laxman Joshi, Shanta Manerkar, Devidas Gaonkar, Sushant Dalvi, Bhagwan Harmalkar and others were also present.\"Members of a particular community are now bent on seeking the government's permission to allow them to slaughter cattle on festive occasions. We hope that the government does not succumb to the pressures of such associations as the acts committed by them are inhuman,\" said Parab. The members also accused the animal husbandry department of not initiating any action against about 50 illegal slaughter houses in Goa which are \"directly engaged in cattle slaughtering\". \"It is sad that the animal husbandry department does not treat this issue seriously, encouraging the acts of certain associations,\" said Amrutsingh.The memo also contains several other demands which include a life sentence to a person who kills a cow, levying a penalty of 1 lakh and above to persons who slaughter animals, to keep a check on the rising thefts of cattle from villages, to provide financial assistance to milk-producing farmers, to direct mining companies to compensate the mining-affected farmers, especially from Bicholim, Sattari, Sanguem, Quepem and Canacona talukas. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456745", "title": "Montek downplays dispute with health ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The suspense was lifted on Tuesday for the first time since differences between the Planning Commission and the Union health ministry over the 12th five year plan came to the fore. The Commission's deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia admitted to TOI on Tuesday that the panel's earlier proposal to reduce the health ministry as a peer reviewer to the health plans that would be prepared solely by the states \"is absurd.\"Ahluwalia during his hour-long meeting with Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Monday assured the latter that the proposal will be dropped in the new consensus chapter on health being drafted.Union health secretary P K Pradhan told TOI that the new chapter will be sent to the ministry by the Commission on Wednesday.The Commission, however, has been able to push through its proposal to make the National Health Mission (NHM) an Additional Central Assisted (ACA) programme instead of it being a Centrally Sponsored Scheme (CSS).Ahluwalia said, \"I had a good meeting with minister Azad. I have informed the minister that all flagship schemes of the government will now be through ACA. The health minister said he then had no problems if the NHM became an ACA scheme, which is being done as per B K Chaturvedi committee's recommendation. Azad had earlier thought that health was being singled out and only NHM was being made an ACA scheme.\"He added, \"There is a sound reason why we want to make all flagship programmes of the government ACA schemes. Till now, most central government money has been routed through CSS. However, when the Centre allocates money to the states for running the flagship programmes, it shows in the budget of the central health ministry but states don't show it in their budget plan. The states then continue to complain that the Centre is depriving them of funds. If the flagship programmes are routed through ACA, states will now have to show the amount received in their budget statement.\"According to Ahluwalia, since health is a state subject, unlike education, they \"must be allowed more flexibility\".However, he allayed the ministry's fears of the states being given complete control by saying \"ultimately the central health ministry will release the money, put in place guidelines and monitor schemes.\"He added, \"The Commission does not want to control the programme. We have no domain knowledge.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had asked Azad on Saturday to sort out differences with Ahluwalia over the thrust and formulation of the health policy in the 12th Plan.The health ministry was at odds with what it saw as an effort to privatize healthcare or set up a competition between the public health services and private care providers. The ministry and the Commission have been at loggerheads over what the former calls is \"corporatization of healthcare\".An earlier letter from the ministry to the Plan Panel had said \"the private sector should not substitute but actually supplement the public sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456638", "title": "ISI suspect held with footage of army base", "text": "CHENNAI: A small-time vegetable exporter from Thanjavur, who was picked up by Tamil Nadu police on charges of espionage, has been accused of shooting a video of an army base in Jammu &amp; Kashmir using a paraglider.Thamim Ansari, an M.Com dropout from New College in Chennai , is suspected of working for Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) directorate. Ansari was arrested by 'Q' branch sleuths on Monday after he fled Trichy airport on suspicion that he was being tailed by policemen.He was found in possession of DVDs and a mobile phone which contained video clippings of defence installations. Images were also found of the Mallipattinam naval base near Nagapattinam and small ports in Karaikal and Nagapattinam. Ansari is believed to have visited the Defence Services Staff College at Wellington.Ansari had gained access to some installations by befriending an ex-armyman from Thanjavur. Hetold retired havildar Radhakrishnan that he was making a documentary film on the army named 'Power of India'. Ansari had promised to interview him for the film. Under the pretext of shooting footage for the documentary, he had taken Radhakrishnan along on a few recces. Sources said his diary revealed that his future assignments included videographing the Eastern Naval Command in Vishakhapatnam and the airforce base at Sulur. Ansari had informed Radhakrishnan that he was funded by his export business partners in Sri Lanka .During interrogation, he is said to have confessed that his Sri Lankan partner Haji had visited the state several times and accompanied him to Chennai, Mettupalayam and Tirupur. In turn, Ansari had flown to Singapore and Maldives in his company. Haji is believed to have introduced Ansari to an unidentified person from Pakistan , who is believed to be an ISI operative. Haji did not reveal his name to Ansari, a source said.Ansari was an active member of the Students Federation of India (SFI) in college. Later, he discontinued studies and moved to Thanjavur where he entered the vegetable trade. \"But he suffered losses in an import/export venture. Then during one of his visits to Colombo, Ansari met Haji at a restaurant,\" said a source.Apart from posing as a trader, Ansari had remained the SFI's Thanjavur district secretary for the past three years. He also worked part-time as a medical representative for a pharmaceutical company there.Police said Ansari was using a debit card that had been credited with funds from Sri Lanka. \"A team of 'Q' branch officials might visit Colombo for investigation,\" a police officer said. The operation is being monitored and coordinated by state and central intelligence officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457703", "title": "Work on Panaji parking project starts", "text": "PANAJI: Work on the long-delayed multi-level parking facility opposite the cruise boats jetty under the Mandovi bridge in Panaji has finally started. Hanumant Parsekar, deputy director of tourism, told TOI that the parking facility will have four levels of parking and is expected to help decongest the area. The multi-level facility will be available for cars as well as two-wheelers.Work on the expansion and renovation of the Santa Monica jetty is also expected to start anytime now with the work order having been already issued to the contractor. Both the jetty work and the multi-level parking facility are being undertaken by the same contractor.According to Parsekar, work on the expansion of the jetty had been delayed because of objections from cruise boat operators, who refused to shift their operations elsewhere. It is learnt that the operators have been persuaded to facilitate the expansion work on the jetty since it will benefit them in the long run.Some of the operators will shift temporarily to the Britona jetty, some will operate from the captain of ports jetty near the Mandovi hotel, and some may continue to operate from the Santa Monica jetty as a temporary measure.The total cost of the jetty upgradation and multi-level parking facility, for which the central government had provided 13.74-cr, has now risen to 22-cr because of the delays, with the state government providing the balance amount. The tourism department has already developed an open space there for parking of buses. The multi-level parking facility had first been proposed by Manohar Parrikar during his earlier tenure as chief minister, and the Centre had sanctioned funds for the project way back in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457533", "title": "India\u2019s youth is a killer app", "text": "BANGALORE: \"I am what my teachers made me.\" That was Nirupama Rao speaking to a group of teachers in Bangalore on Tuesday. On the occasion of the 10th anniversary of The Teacher Foundation, Rao elaborated on the subject 'Education and the global citizen: the challenge and the opportunity for India'. \"My teachers awakened in me the sense of curiosity that I still possess. Schools of education should be as important as IITs. They should understand globalization. Schools should push agenda of innovation, promote critical thinking and teach ethics and the great tradition of the country,\" she said.\"India's young population is a killer app which will help the country zip past China in growth.RTE is a watershed development. The challenge in RTE is not only about teaching the 3Rs but also the 3Ss\u2014 Sensitivity, security and spiritual and scientific temper.The final test of a school is the identity it creates,\" Rao said.Advocating education that will create global citizens, she said students should be taught to look beyond the individualistic aim of getting a job. \"We shouldn't be hostage to small thinking.The youth should be sensitized to wider issues of environment, food security, simple living, social entrepreneurship , gender violence,\" she said.Down memory laneRao also recollected her college days in Bangalore and her days spent at the Cubbon Park library. To a question from the audience on what she dreamt of when she was 18 she said: \"I studied in Mount Carmel College. I wanted to join foreign service since the age of 12. Before that, I wanted to be an archaeologist. I was very fond of history. I used to live in Lucknow where my father was posted in the Army. My days there awakened my imagination. I used to read a great deal about the outside world.During my summer holidays in my mother's ancestral house in Kerala, I did not go out to play. I used to spend my time reading. I had an uncle in Japan, from whom I used to hear about that country. I wanted to travel, to see the rest of the world.We were not globalized then the way we are now. I was inspired to have a career in diplomacy, to know more about other countries. There were only a few magazines then, and few movies we could go for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457853", "title": "A cracker of a celebration", "text": "PANAJI: From the whizzing of chakras to the mighty explosion of dada bombs, firecrackers in all forms add pomp to all festivals.With the start of Ganesh Chaturthi, these explosive devices are being sold a dime a dozen.Firework stall-owners in the Panaji market were swamped with requests on the festival eve. Sanjay Mehta, a former government employee said, \"What celebration is complete without firecrackers? But we are learning slowly about their harmful effects, so we will try to limit the quantity of crackers.\"Traditionally, firecrackers are of seven types; flowerpots or fountains, sparklers, chakras, cylinders, rockets, crackers and bombs. People can also be seen splurging as much as 3,000 on different firecrackers. Flowerpots, chakras and rockets seemed to be the hottest items among buyers. A single jumbo-sized box of any type of cylinders or rockets can cost as much as 1,300, while a box of regular crackers are priced between 350 and 400.Prices have risen over the last few days. Shop owner Shanu Pankar explained, \"Prices have risen this year by 10 to 15 percent, mostly due to rise in diesel and labour prices. There has also been a decline in demand. Not because of the environment but because of the price.\"Following growing awareness about noise and air pollution caused due to firecrackers, Chinese firecrackers were banned some time ago due to smoke issues. Shops which still stocked them could only sell them, as one stall owner put it, 'under the table'. Indian firecrackers cannot be sold by anyone in India without obtaining a special licence and firecrackers which have passed inspection under the Explosives Act are assigned a class. Any material considered to be above class seven cannot be sold.There were still some who were firmly against the use of crackers. Timothy Gracias, a law student in Panaji said, \"People buy firecrackers due to unawareness. It's normal for them to burst crackers. Even if every person burst just one cracker , the overall result would be uncontrollable. To get people to stop would mean having to educate the general masses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16457877", "title": "Woman hopes for reunion with Prisoner of War husband", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In Yash Chopra's 2004 flick Veer-Zaara, lawyer Saamiya Siddiqui, played by Rani Mukherjee , finds Veer Pratap Singh, portrayed by SRK, languishing in a Pakistani jail 22 years after he is separated from his beloved Zaara ( Preity Zinta ). Jaspal-Baljit's story too has the trappings of the Bollywood film.More than 40 years after her husband Sepoy Jaspal Singh of 15-Punjab Regiment went missing during the 1971 Indo-Pak war and declared a Prisoner of War (PoW), there is a ray of reunion hope for 65-year-old Baljit Kaur.In a one-of-its-kind case, Baljit has discovered that her husband Jaspal, now 70, is still alive and lodged in Masira Island jail in Oman along with two more PoWs. She came to know about this through Sukhdev Singh of Dubri Boormajra village in Ropar, who had met her husband during his stay in Oman. Sukhdev had visited Oman on a visa in May 2010 for two years for job and returned in July this year.According to Sukhdev, during his hunt for a carpenter's job in August 2010, he was sent from Gala city to Masira Island by ship for kitchen services in jail for 10 days. He said inside the jail, Jaspal approached him secretly, recognizing him as a Punjabi and disclosed about his family details. Jaspal narrated him the incident of December 4, 1971 war when he, along with four other soldiers of 15-Punjab regiment, were captured by Pakistani army from Ferozepur border.All the five PoWs were kept in Pakistan jails for five-six years and then shifted to Masira jail and elsewhere. Jaspal said he does not know the whereabouts of other PoWs, but two (one from Moga district) of them are with him in the same prison.According to Sukhdev, Jaspal appeared old but healthy, and he quietly appealed him to contact his family. Jaspal also said some of his relatives are in Sukhdev's village and named a few of them. \"I came back in July this year and immediately informed Jaspal's wife Baljit Kaur who is living like a widow in Pamour village of Fatehgarh Sahib,\" Sukhdev said.After corroborating all the details provided by Sukhdev, Baljit has now moved a petition before Chief of Army Staff General Bikram Singh, adjutant branch of the Army and the commandant of Punjab Regiment seeking their help to get her husband back. In the petition filed through Mohali-based NGO, Ex-Servicemen Grievances Cell, Baljit has urged the Army authorities to pursue her husband's case with Oman.According to war veteran and president of Ex-Servicemen Grievances Cell Lt Col (retd) S S Sohi, it is a fit case to nail Pakistan's lies on PoWs. Islamabad has been denying the presence of PoWs in its jails and it appears now that the neighbouring country shifted all PoWs to jails like Masira Island to evade embarrassment at international forums, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456955", "title": "Unanalyzed viscera, DNA samples add to Delhi Police's woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police (DP) is finding it difficult to solve a queer case: how to deal with heap of unanalyzed viscera and DNA samples that are awaiting forensic analysis in its police stations and labs.Around 5,790 viscera samples are pending analysis in Delhi's Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL).In some instances, even after the cases have been closed or decided by DP or courts, the viscera samples are lying unanalyzed.A meeting on September 13 \u2014 attended by the top brass of Delhi Police and the home ministry \u2014 says DP authorities are identifying state government hospitals where forensic examination facilities could be made available. The minutes of the meeting was sent to the Union health ministry on September 17.DP will soon submit a status report on the forensic examination of viscera samples done in the past by the Central government hospitals here like AIIMS, Lady Hardinge Hospital, Safdarjung Hospital and Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital along with a proposal to use their forensic labs.The meeting has also decided that the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) in Hyderabad, Kolkata and Chandigarh will have to compulsorily test 110, 50 and 25 viscera samples, respectively, on a monthly basis to reduce the backlog.The home ministry has asked DP to send viscera samples lying in police stations in Delhi (1,358) for analysis to these centres.FSL, Delhi has also been asked to create the capacity for analysis/report of 1,000 viscera samples and 100 documents per month from next January.DP has also been told to expeditiously inform the Delhi government about the closed/decided cases in which analysis of viscera samples/documents will no longer be required and subsequently clear the backlog within a year.Delhi's health department has been asked to examine the proposal of DP to conduct on-the-spot examination on the viscera samples taken at the time of post-mortem examination at state government hospitals.The minutes of the meeting says, \"Earlier the viscera samples were being accepted by the CFSL at Hyderabad, Kolkata and Chandigarh, which has been discontinued since 2007 resulting in large number of viscera samples pending forensic examination.\"Besides, 68 vacant posts of forensic experts are being filled up \u2014 some through promotion and for others fresh recruitment to be made by the UPSC.\"As an interim measure, the appointment of 10-15 personnel on contract is being made to fill up the gap immediately. Once these personnel are trained by December 2012, the process of analysis of viscera samples will be increased upto 500 per month,\" the minutes add.DP officials estimate that in the near future, the number of samples for DNA analysis will increase substantially as the procedure has been made mandatory in certain categories of crime, according to the judgment of Kamini Lau, additional sessions judge of the Patiala House Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16458855", "title": "Cyber City losing its limited greenery", "text": "GURGAON: The Cyber City area is all set to lose its already limited green cover as the process to widen the stretch from Shankar Chowk to Sector 55-56 has got under way. A total of 809 trees are in the process of being cut.DLF, along with HUDA, is undertaking the Rs 600 crore upgrade project. According to the forest department, the permission to cut these trees was given to HUDA a few days ago.\"The HUDA executive engineer had applied for permission to cut 809 trees in April this year and we have granted the permission as the road needs to be widened. Out of the total number of trees that are being felled, 792 are miscellaneous species while around 17 of them are Sheesham, Kikar and Neem and are over a decade old,\" said Devender Rao, forest officer, Gurgaon range.\"We imposed stringent conditions before giving the permission to them to cut so many trees. HUDA will have to plant 10 times the number of trees felled on their land and at their cost. We will continually monitor the project and ensure the compensatory plantation is done. If we come across any discrepancy, we will take action,\" he said. DLF officials say that the project is being carried out by HUDA. \"We are only the contractors working on this project and all the necessary permission to cut trees and plant them will be done by HUDA authorities,\" said a spokesperson.The residents though are not happy with this move.\"The DLF and HUDA should have devised some other way of upgrading this road without having to cut so many trees. It is a complete loss as the compensatory plantation will be somewhere else and not in the vicinity,\" said Rajat Gupta , a DLF Phase II resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457174", "title": "Gaikwad appointed self as chief state information commissioner, claims PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: A petition in the Bombay high court has challenged former chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad's \"self-appointment\" as chief state information commissioner (CSIC) and has urged for his removal.\"There is a conflict of interest. He was de facto part of the selection and appointment machinery. He was in a privileged position vis-a-vis the high-power committee that selected him. He deliberately kept the post vacant for ten months, after CSIC Vilas Patil retired in July 2011, and then got himself appointed,\" said Rao.According to the petition, scores of applications were ignored by Gaikwad as chief secretary. He applied for the post on May 29. \"Exactly six days after he retired as chief secretary, a meeting of the high-power committee was convened exclusively to select him,\" it said.Rao said Gaikwad will be hearing cases pertaining to his own cause as he has headed Mantralaya, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority and other state government bodies earlier. The matter will be heard on October 4.The petition has urged for quashing the \"prejudicial selection and appointment\" in violation of the RTI Act \"to prevent grave miscarriage of justice and to protect the general public's fundamental rights\". It has also urged for striking down as ultra vires the RTI Act clause which directs appointment of bureaucrats as information commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457768", "title": "Why Rajasthan Public Service Commissionis playing with future of candidates, asks HC", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Meena V Gomber came down heavily on the repeated mistakes and wrong answers being asked in various competitive examinations held by RPSC in the recent past.The bench observed that RPSC is playing with the future of candidates by asking a large number of wrong questions which are subsequently deleted after the candidates approached the high court. \"We fail to understand what's going wrong with the RPSC. This was never expected. A large number of questions are either wrong or have multiple correct answers or even in cases we have seen that a number of cases have appeared from one guide book,\" observed the Chief Justice.In response to the observation of the bench, additional advcoate general S N Kumawat contended that the teachers who are being asked to set the question papers are those who have been teaching in universities and colleges and enjoy high academic reputation and it is a simple human error that has crept in some examination.\"No, this is not the case. There is no human error, its a failure. We don't appreciate that RPSC could not find teachers on this earth who could prepare proper question papers. The RPSC should be vigilant in setting examination papers,\" said Justice Mishra.It was alleged by the candidates that out of 100 objective type questions in a competitive exam held by RPSC recently, 52 questions in Hindi paper appeared verbatim from one guide book. \"The book is published from Delhi and is a general guide book for the common entrance test of various exams,\" claimed Kumawat. The court has asked the petitioner candidates to file an affidavit showing the questions asked from the guide book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456992", "title": "DMK joins opposition bandh, but stays in UPA", "text": "CHENNAI: On a day when the UPA lost an ally in Mamata, DMK too decided to flex its muscles by joining the Opposition-sponsored nationwide bandh against the Centre. DMK top brass met at the party chief's CIT Colony residence here, spokesperson and MP T K S Elangovan indicated the party was considering various options.\"Our leader is seriously considering various issues and he will come out with a statement on Wednesday,\" said Elangovan. Regarding the party's decision to participate in the bandh on September 20, he said \"Congress may have some compulsions but we have our own views and policies and we are with the people.\" Party seniors said the DMK would seek a rollback of diesel prices and FDI in multi-brand retail, but not likely to go the Mamata way.In a statement released earlier in the evening, DMK president M Karunanidhi has asked his cadres and party-affiliated trade unions to extend \"full co-operation\" to ensure the bandh is \"peaceful\" and \"successful\". Karunanidhi said, \"People of the state are already reeling under the increase in transport, milk, electricity charges and increase in prices of other essential commodities. The Centre has announced increase in the diesel price, limited subsidized cooking gas, and allowed FDI in multi-brand retail, burdening the common man further.\"Following the bandh, representatives from the Trinamool Congress, DMK and NCP are likely to meet in Delhi on Friday to discuss the way forward, said sources. Sources in DMK confirmed that its representative in the cabinet, union minister for chemicals and fertilisers M K Alagiri, is scheduled to meet Praful Patel (NCP) and Mukul Roy (TMC) to discuss the implications of the announcement of the diesel price hike. Alagiri is said to have positively responded to the idea of a meeting. Sources say Karunanidhi was also not averse to a joint strategy of like-minded parties within the UPA. Rajya Sabha DMK MP K P Ramalingam confirmed that a meeting was on.\"The party will continue to support the UPA government but will also see that the Centre rolls back some of its controversial decisions,\" a senior DMK MP told TOI. \"The withdrawal of support by Mamata should make the Congress realize that it needs to take coalition partners along on crucial issues. The party is continuing to give support as it has no other alternative in the present scenario,\" the MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456626", "title": "Congress ministers may not join office today", "text": "KOLKATA: With Mamata Banerjee pulling out of UPA-II, it is time to watch how the Congress ministers in her government react. It is unlikely that they will attend office on Wednesday, say sources.Mamata pointed out on Tuesday that UPA-II was a minority government and had to depend the allies. \"But it is a different situation in Bengal. Trinamool has absolute majority and it is time for Congress to decide whether they want to stay or not,\" Mamata said.When asked if he would attend Writers' on Wednesday, Manas Bhuniya, minister for irrigation in Mamata's cabinet, said: \"It is a critical juncture and I cannot take any decision. I have to seek approval from the Pradesh Congress president and the Congress high command.\" Minister of fisheries Abu Hena said he would check with the Congress leadership after he returns to Kolkata on Wednesday. \"If the high command asks us not to attend office, we will obey.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16458002", "title": "Patna decked up for Ganeshotsav today", "text": "PATNA: Mandals were on Tuesday busy giving final touches to the preparation for the celebration of Ganesh Chaturthi beginning Wednesday.Established in Patna in 1951, the Maharashtra Mandal is as usual busy reliving the Maharashtrian spirit on Serpentine Road. \"We have been celebrating this festival here every year for the last six decades,\" Mandal organizer Vasant Suryavanshi said.Spread over 2,400sqft, their 'pandal' has a 5-ft Ganesh idol, brought from Mumbai, installed in it. The idol is a replica of Mumbai's famous 'Lalbaugcha Raja'. \"We have only 50 families as our members who help in the preparations. We celebrate the festival for only seven days unlike Mumbai that celebrates it for 11 days,\" Suryavanshi said and added the deity in their 'pandal' would be adorned with silver ornaments.Pandit Ashok Soman of the Maharashtrian community will perform the 'prana pratishtha' ritual at 10am on Wednesday and the celebration will commence with 'aarti' and distribution of 'prasad'. The 'aarti' will be held at 8.30am and at 8pm every day. Various cultural programmes will also be organized which will include dance, singing and games events. A 'ladies' special' programme will be organized on Friday.\"More than 500 devotees take part in the procession on the 'maha prasad' day on the concluding day of the celebrations. This year the procession will start at 4pm on September 25 and will go to the Collectorate Ghat via the Dak Bungalow crossing, Bhattacharya Road and Kadamkuan. It will be led by a group of musicians from Mumbai,\" Suryavanshi said.Danapur-based Rising Club Vyapar Sangh has been celebrating Ganesh Chaturthi since 1990. Pt Shambhu Nath Jha will lead a team of five priests to perform the 'prana pratishtha' ritual for the 10-ft idol of Lord Ganesh at its 'pandal' at 6pm on Wednesday.Along with the idol of Lord Ganesha, this 400sqft 'pandal' is also housing 7-ft idols of Siddhi-Riddhi, Lord Shiva, Lord Krishna, Lord Hanuman and Sai Baba. The idols have been sculpted by Haalu Ghosh of West Bengal. The celebrations at this 'pandal' will continue for ten days.Though cultural programmes have not been organized here, a small fair with stalls of clothes, handicrafts, accessories, swings and food is being organized.\"A large number of devotees visit our 'pandal' every year and offer 'khadau', or footwear, and umbrella made of silver as their wishes are fulfilled by Lord Ganesh,\" said Sangh president Om Prakash Yadav.Ganesha Chaturthi will also be celebrated at several other places, including temples, in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458606", "title": "District administration to update voters' list", "text": "PUNE: The district administration plans to initiate a special drive in October wherein the voters' list in 21 assembly constituencies will be updated and revised. New voters will also be able to register their names during the drive.According to the administration, the existing voters' list has names of about 65.47 lakh citizens. About 95,318 names have been listed as dead, about 3.50 lakh names are under migrated category, while 41,108 names of voters have been registered more than once (duplicate appearance). Notices are being served in maximum cases.The administration has urged citizens to contact the electoral registration officer of their respective constituencies to check the voters' list. New voters will also be able to register their names during the drive.The administration will publish a draft voters' list which will be available to people for inspection at polling booths on October 1. People can raise suggestions/objections till October 31 by filling in prescribed forms after the list is published. The administration also plans to hold a drive wherein people can get their photographs taken for updation.District collector Vikas Deshmukh said the drive will be take place in 6,000 polling booths spread across 21 assembly constituencies. The updated voters' list will be published on January 5, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456603", "title": "Rights body seeks dengue report", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) on Tuesday asked the health secretary to submit a report on the dengue scenario in the state within three weeks.The commission, which has taken suo motu cognizance of the case, has asked the secretary to specify the number of persons who were affected and the total number of deaths. The report should also highlight the steps being taken by the government to combat the dengue menace and measures taken up to prevent its recurrence in future. It also wants details on the present functioning of the School of Tropical Medicine and the government's proposal to revive the institute so that effective steps can be initiated in future to tackle dengue outbreak.\"Right to live is the biggest human right for citizens. The dengue menace in the past few weeks has created a panic. Even those living in places like the Raj Bhawan have been affected. Thus we want to know the number of affected and deaths,\" said chairman of the commission, Justice (retd) Asok Kumar Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore/mysore", "code": "16457616", "title": "Let RK Narayan's house be donated: writers", "text": "BANGALORE/MYSORE: Should the Karnataka government spend public money on buying and restoring eminent writer RK Narayan's two storey bungalow in Mysore's Yadavgiri? The answer of a section of leading writers is in the negative.Retired English professor and writer DA Shankar, who knew Narayan, told TOI:\"We are not against developing it as a monument. Our point is: Why spend public money to buy it? Let Narayan's family donate the property and the government can spend money to restore it.\" The government has not purchased houses of Kannada writers, he stated, adding they would appeal to the CM and urban development minister Suresh Kumar.Kannada novelist Abdul Rashid, who studied English literature at the University of Mysore, was more critical: \"Narayan brought international recognition to Mysore in the literary world. Opposing him on linguistic lines is akin to fascism.\" Kannada and culture secretary B Basavaraju said: \"There were demands to preserve the house and convert it into a monument and we discussed it. Now, we are not dealing with it.\"Saved from demolitionNarayan's house has been in the news for a year now, after his family planned to demolish it. A public outcry later, Mysore Urban Development Authority (MUDA) declared the property a heritage building in September 2011. Mysore City Corporation is likely to release Rs 2.34 crore sanctioned for the project, by this month-end. Narayan's family is happy with the government's move, said MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath. \"Narayan was a novelist of international acclaim and we should preserve his house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457687", "title": "As prices soar, pare down and enjoy", "text": "BANGALORE: Onion stew is a regular item on the menu for homemaker Surekha Reys. But not anymore. Thanks to the hike in vegetable prices, Surekha had to take this delicacy off her list of options. She now strikes the balance with readymade spices that include onions and tomatoes.Ganesha Chaturthi and a hike in diesel prices are fuelling a rise in prices of fruits and vegetables by up to 25-30%. Menus are changing, quantities are being compromised on and alternative options are being hunted for. \"I've been picking quarter kilos of vegetables and fruits. Onions, carrots, tomatoes and a few other green vegetables are going out of reach, so readymade spices are my best bet,\" says Surekha.Reshma Kaur, another homemaker, blames the diesel price hike. \"The prices of vegetables and fruits are at an alltime high. If health was not high on my preference list, I would have changed my menu. For a middle-class family, it is a big hole in the pocket,\" says Reshma.According to Mohammad Idrees Choudhury, general secretary, Russell Market Traders' Association, the price hike should be attributed more to the hike in diesel prices than Ganesha festivities.\"Transportation cost has gone up by Rs 1.25 on every kilometre. This has upset the budget of many families, especially the middle class. Though there isn't a big dip in the footfalls, people who used to buy 1kg of a vegetable are settling for less quantity,\" said Idrees.Traders supplying fruits and vegetables to hotels and restaurants by the tender system are sure to incur a huge loss. \"We are contracted to give them the rate agreed upon in March. Even if there is an increase in prices, we give them vegetables at the old rates,\" said AM Mustaq of Russell Market.While prices are threatening to fly, Hopcoms claims its rates are reasonable. According to Hopcoms MD Shanmugappa, the festive season and hike in diesel prices are visible in the new rates. \"There is no significant increase in prices at Hopcoms outlets. We have procured our vegetables in advance and are selling at very reasonable prices, which will remain the same for the next couple of days,\" said Shanmugappa.Losing fragranceFlowers are also selling at alltime high rates, buoyed by a triple combo: hike in diesel price, Ganesha festival and the wedding season. So you will have to pare down on the decorations. Suresh, flower trader at Russell Market, says prices have doubled. \"The wedding season and Ganesha festival have added to the diesel price hike. People are walking into our shops, but the purchase quantity has definitely gone down,\" says Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16457009", "title": "Cops goof up but avert mayhem", "text": "The city police got it wrong again, underestimating the number of protesters at the demonstration organised by 23 Islamic organisations in the city on Tuesday.But police officers acted with restraint despite being outnumbered and provoked by a stone-throwing gathering of 10,000 protesters, and that helped prevent any serious incident of violence, looting or arson that would have been expected from a demonstration this large.The protesters initially decided to gather near New College in Royapettah before they marched towards the US consulate 500 metres away. Looking to keep the protesters as far as possible from the target of their anger, police convinced the protesters to gather near Dams Road close to Tarapore Towers off Anna Salai.Police officers estimated that around 2,000 people would gather for the Tuesday's demonstration. They were clearly caught off-guard when thousands of members of various Muslim outfits showed up at the site of the protest and thousands more gathered as the agitators attempted to head towards the US consulate.The massive crowd caused severe disruption of traffic for three hours on the bustling stretch on Anna Salai near Spencer Plaza and other roads nearby. Traffic came to a halt on all adjacent roads till 6pm. Police said the protesters came to the site from various parts of the city and from outside Chennai too. \"They parked their vehicles on the roadside, and joined the demonstration,\" a police officer said. \"That made the traffic problem even worse.\"Many people on travelling home from work and schoolchildren were stuck in one of the worst traffic jams ever in Chennai as police took turns lathicharging and placating protesters. Some demonstrators set fire to motorbikes and damaged at least 15 other vehicles.Inputs from intelligence sources that some protesters could march towards the consulate office posing as a regular commuters, police officers tightened security at the US consulate. The consulate remained closed for a second successive day on Tuesday. Police had stepped up security at the mission following last week's incident when 2,000 protesters of the Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam turned violent and broke security cameras at the consulate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16457961", "title": "City areas still waterlogged", "text": "PATNA: The unusual heavy downpour on Saturday and Sunday has turned most areas of the state capital into a lake. Localities like Patliputra Colony, Industrial area, Kurji, Rajendra Nagar, Kankarbagh, Chandmari Road, Nala Road, Sri Krishnapuri, downtown area of Ashok Rajpath, Bari Path etc are still waterlogged, over 24 hours after the rain stopped.To top it all, IIT, Patna, the Software Technology Park and the adjacent New Polytechnic campus in Patliputra Colony are under knee-deep water. Prime hospitals like PMCH and NMCH too are waterlogged. IIT-Patna sources said, \"Our campus was waterlogged and water even entered the premises of Software technology park located near the Polytechnic Mor. We are now pumping out water.\"\"The entire Patliputra Colony resembles Venice and we now need boats to cross the locality,\" said Dr P K Verma, an old resident of the locality. The only well-equipped hospital of the area - Sahyog Hospital - too is under ankle-deep water. \"We are having a harrowing time. It is indeed difficult for the patients, visiting doctors and attendants,\" said Dr NK Lal.Campuses of prime schools located near Kurji and Patliputra Colony are also flooded. Most of the schools like Loyola High School, Notre Dame Academy, Krishna Niketan, Don Bosco Academy's primary section, Kamla Nehru Shishu Vihar, AVN English School, Nav Jyoti Niketan all remained shut on Monday. \"The huge campus of Kamla Nehru Shishu Vihar and Loyola High School resembled a lake and in this hapless situation we could not but declare a holiday,\" said principals of both the schools, Sunita Prasad and Brother Felix respectively, on Tuesday.The claims of Patna Municipal Corporation regarding sanitation and upkeep of drains in the city stand exposed. Water has even entered many houses in the low-lying areas of Rajendra Nagar and Kankarbagh. \"I had to shift to the top floor with my family after water entered my ground floor flat,\" said Abhay Kumar, a resident of Mamata Apartment at Rajendra Nagar.\"Sahdeo Mahto Marg in Shri Krishnapuri was under water after the rain. The 9 to 9 supermarket and the CNS hospital too are under ankle-deep water,\" said a staff of the hospital.Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh said, \"Unfortunately, Patliputra Colony is still under cooperative's domain and the PMC has hardly any role to play. However, in other areas which fall under the municipal area, the PMC has made adequate arrangements to pump out water.\"PMC authorities also claimed that they have arranged extra diesel pumping sets to pump out water. A PMC official said interlocking of some major drains are choked, leading to waterlogging in the adjoining areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16460933", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: Ludhiana turns one big a pandala", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city is making frantic last-minute preparations for the 10-day Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations that begin on Wednesday. Several 'mandals' have been erected in the city so that residents can participate in the festivities that beautifully exemplify unity and community bonding. Huge 'pandals' with colourful decorations dot various parts of Ludhiana to welcome Ganpati 'bappa'. Artists are adding the final touches to Ganesha idols and also arranging 'puja samagari' for the 'sthapana'. President of Siddhivinayak Mandir Trust, Ravi Nandan said, 'Like every year, we will be offering one quintal 'modak' to the almighty. This time, we also have Ganesha's 'Sukhkarta' form. Various activities will be organized during the 10 days for all age groups. The morning prayers will be from 7:30am to 9:30am and the evening prayers will be offered from 7:30pm to 11:30pm. The evening prayers will be followed by a series of 'kirtans' and 'bhajans' in praise of the almighty.' Model Town resident Kamaljit Singh, who is a businessman, said, 'Every year, hundreds of people visit the 'puja pandal' in our area to offer prayers. The atmosphere is full of devotion as 'bhajans' and 'kirtans' are offered the entire day.' Talking about the festivities in Atam Nagar, where she lives, Navpreet Kaur said, 'Last year, we celebrated the festival with much fanfare and we intend to make it even more memorable this time. To make it interesting, competitions will be organized for children.' During the 10-day festivities, Punjabi artists like Gurdas Maan, Lakhwinder Lakha, Roshan Prince, Firoz khan and Kamal Khan would regale the audience in 'pandal' with religious and cultural programmes. Worship pointsThe places where 'pandals' are being set up in the city include Haibowal, Durgapuri, Model Town, Chandigarh Road, Sabzi Mandi, Kitchlu Nagar, Atam Nagar, Rishi Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, BRS Nagar and Agar Nagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16457094", "title": "Himachal receives season's first snowfall", "text": "MANALI: Temperatures plummeted in parts of Himachal Pradesh as the upper reaches experienced moderate snowfall since Monday.Rohtang pass near Manali, which connects the Kullu valley with Lahaul, received the season's first spell of snow. Kunzum pass on Manali-Spiti highway received 25 cm of fresh snow. The state road transport corporation suspended services on the Manali-Leh highway.Kalpa in Kinnaur recorded a minimum temperature of 9.4 degrees Celsius. Manali witnessed a low of 10 degrees Celsius, Keylong recorded a low of 11 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature in Dharamshala plummeted to 18 degrees Celsius. Shimla, lashed by intermittent rainfall throughout the day, recorded a low of 14.6 degrees Celsius.The Manali-Leh highway remained blocked for several hours after traffic was impaired across the Rohtang Pass.\"The southwest monsoon remained vigorous over the state in the last 24 hours causing very heavy rain and moderate snowfall in isolated parts of the state,\" said Shimla Met department director Manmohan Singh , adding the change in weather is attributed to western disturbances over J&K; and neighbouring states interacting with easterly winds over Western Himalayas. \"The conditions are likely to prevail over the next five days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16457063", "title": "Kalyan man wants death for him, 1,366 times over", "text": "KALYAN: A 41-year-old Kalyan resident has written a total of 1,366 letters to the state government since the past four years to ensure that terrorist Ajmal Kasab is hanged.\"Though I did not lose any close relatives in the attack, watching and reading about the attacks has left me shocked. I didn't know what I could do to make my voice heard to the decision-makers,\" said Patil at the Kalyan tehsildar's office on Saturday. The letters have five-rupee revenue stamps pasted on them, as required for correspondence. In his letters, Patil demands that the government stop spending tax-payers' money on Kasab and that he should be executed to set an example to enemies of the country.Of the 1,366 letters he has sent, Patil has got replies only twice \u2014 in September 2009 and March 2010. Both stated that his letters had been forwarded to the concerned office.\"Patil comes to our office everyday and hands over the letters, which are forwarded to the district collector's office. While we cannot take any decisions, we can ensure his letters are forwarded,\" said Shekhar Ghadge, tehsildar, Kalyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457811", "title": "Goa board approves Calculators for Class XII a/c exam", "text": "PANAJI: The academic and executive council of the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education has approved a proposal made by the Goa accounting teachers' association to allow use of simple calculators during book keeping and accountancy exams.The decision of the academic and executive council of the Goa board is set to come into effect from the current academic year 2012-13, which means that book keeping and accountancy students will be able to use calculators at the Class XII board exams of March 2013.The general body of the board has approved the decision of the academic and executive councils and circulars have also been issued to schools to inform them of the decision.\"It has been recommended that the calculator that is used must be a simple device with limited functions of addition, subtraction, multiplication, division and percentage,\" minutes of the Goa board general body meeting read. It has been clarified that use of calculators on mobile phones will not be allowed.The board's decision will only be applicable in case of students of book keeping and accountancy of the commerce stream and not the vocational stream.A demand to allow use of simple and non-scientific calculators for physics and chemistry practicals was also placed before the Goa board general body, but the approval was not granted in this case. The proposal has been referred to conveners of the board of studies in the subjects. An opinion on the issue will also be sought from the Goa University before a decision is taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16457965", "title": "Cops slam NMC for unsynchronized traffic signals", "text": "NAGPUR: The city traffic police have approached municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane to complain about unsynchronized traffic signals on busy roads. Sources said the traffic branch believes that due to lack of synchronized signals cases of people jumping red light have increased manifold.DCP (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade told TOI that though the city has over 140 traffic signals, very few of them are synchronized, resulting in increased accident risk on many busy roads, like Wardha Road, Central Avenue, Amravati Road, North Ambazari Road etc.NMC has spent huge sums on installing and upgrading signals. However, Decofurn - the private firm entrusted with the task of maintaining the traffic signals - has failed at its job. At many crossings, countdown meters have either become defunct or are not in synch with the signals. So, signals and countdown meters do not work together. At some places, the meter counts down to zero and starts all over again, or jumps from 20 to zero.At many junctions, signals are out of order. In fact, signals were not functioning at around 20 junctions, while some lights were not functioning at many crossings, said a traffic cop.\"Traffic signals are supposed to be synchronized so that motorists on a major road do not get stuck at red lights repeatedly. If they drive at a steady speed (about 40 kmph) from one light, they should get subsequent lights green. This reduces driver angst and also leads to fuel savings,\" he said.As a result, cases of drivers jumping red lights have increased manifold. Cops say the main reason is that many drivers are frustrated at having to stop at practically every square on their route. He blamed this on NMC's inability to synchronize its traffic signals.\"Poorly timed signals frustrate motorists and this has lead to a rise in number of red light jumping cases,\" said the DCP. Even motorists too believe that violation of traffic rules and regulations will be minimized if signals were synchronized.Admitting a problem, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane said he too had experienced unsynchronized signals. He agreed that this meant wasting of fuel as motorists keep their vehicles on. He assured that directions will be given to traffic engineer Nasir Khan to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457202", "title": "No safety audit of building near Manish Market that caught fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Prima facie, Monday's fire in Eli Fisher building near Manish Market -which houses a BEST substation on its ground floor-appears to have been caused by a short-circuit. But \"total neglect\" of the godown atop, which remained mostly shut, is now being blamed for the incident. The top floor of the building, owned by BEST, was leased out to a trading firm MS Electronics.According to sources in the state administration the top floor of Eli Fisher, which was gutted leaving the substation below untouched, never had a 'safety check', especially the wiring inside the godown. The 10-year lease was renewed in 2007 but since then neither BEST nor any other government agency conducted a safety audit of the electric network in the premises.This despite the fact that around 75% of fires in the city occur because of short-circuit caused by loose wiring. The reason, officially called defective electric circuits (DEC), was behind 9,711 of 13,185 fires in the last three years. According to norms, power suppliers are supposed to review safety of wires in smaller buildings every five years but those above six-seven storeys are to be reviewed by the PWD.\"We regularly maintain the sub-station below. But we will surely look into whether the trading firm to which the premises was leased out violated any safety condition. If it appears that the fire was caused due to carelessness on the part of the firm then we will initiate action on our part,\" said BEST general manager Omprakash Gupta.BEST supplies power to over a million consumers in the island city and its alleged failure in maintaining safety of wire network in its own premises has come under sharp criticism from the residents and traders in South Mumbai. The 'Eli Fisher' building where the fire occurred is owned by BEST.Data obtained by RTI activist Chetan Kothari from fire department revealed that short-circuits mostly occur in old buildings, especially in densely populated areas or crowded markets. Data further reveals that maximum number of short-circuits occurred around Memonwada fire station, which has busy markets like Bhendi Bazaar, followed by Byculla, Mulund, Worli, Chembur, Andheri, Gowalia Tank and Dharavi, all thickly populated areas. The Mantralaya fire, too, is not an exception to this trend since the secretariat building is old.Fire brigade sources said they were really shocked to know that the godown was closed for a long several months and there was no monitoring. Panic gripped the market area after Monday's fire as Manish Market was reopened only in the second week of July after it was gutted in a major fire in November last year.Akbar Shaikh who owns the godown in the building is presently in China. However, his relative Farid Shaikh said mostly the crockery and furniture was stored inside the godown which have gutted and doubted short-circuit as the cause of fire. 'Mostly the godown remained closed,\" he said pointing out that more details could be revealed only after Akbar arrived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456648", "title": "Can\u2019t stop Vijayakanth from functioning as oppn leader: Court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday refused to restrain actor-turned-politician Vijayakanth from functioning as an MLA and leader of the opposition in the state assembly.Justice K Venkataraman, dismissing a petition filed by Jayanthi, whose nomination papers were rejected by poll officials in March 2011, said, \"No allegation of corrupt practice was made against the returned candidate (from Rishivandiyam constituency). Hence, I am of the view that granting of interim injunction at this stage restraining him from functioning as an MLA and also as leader of the opposition may not be justifiable.\"Jayanthi's original election petition questioning the election of Vijayakanth from the Rishvanthiyam assembly constituency last May, however, is pending before the court.As an interim measure, she wanted the court to restrain Vijayakanth from discharging his functions either as MLA or the leader of the opposition.It was her grievance that on March 28, 2011 the returning officer had rejected her nomination citing certain errors. Describing it as improper, invalid and an illegal order, she wanted the election of Vijayakanth to be set aside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456500", "title": "Mamata asks young block development officers to be transparent", "text": "KOLKATA: With an eye on the panchayat elections slated next year, the Mamata Banerjee government wants to ensure that the people living in the rural areas get all the necessary services required. The chief minister held a meeting with 44 new block development officers (BDO) at the Writers' Buildings on Tuesday and told them to ensure transparent administration.Banerjee held the meeting along with the finance minister and other senior panchayat and agriculture department officials. The new BDOs, who have completed their training period, will be posted in different places of the state.According to some government officials, the BDOs were told that they were the crucial officers of the government as they function from the grass root level. The CM has asked the officers to be responsible and to behave well with the people in any circumstances and situations, so that they do not return empty-handed.The BDOs were told to look into various areas in the block level which require transparency and proper administration. The CM also asked the BDOs to see that the BPL list and voters identity cards are prepared with transparency and without any partiality.Sources said the BDOs were also asked to give importance to the 100-days work under the NREGA scheme in the rural areas, to which the government is giving much importance. The BDOs were told to give more stress on executing the NREGA schemes so that the work days could be increased.The BDOs were also asked to look into the issue of midday meals \u2014 an area from where allegations of corruption, lack of transparency and improper distribution have been reported several times. There have been complaints from many districts in recent times that the mid day meal rice are not getting distributed properly in the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456604", "title": "China needles India in eastern Ladakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: There has been no let up in China's needling of India all along the unresolved 4,057-km Line of Actual Control (LAC), with its troops continuing to regularly \"transgress\" into Indian territory.People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops have also stepped up their aggressive patrolling in eastern Ladakh in recent months. There was some kind of a face-off between PLA troops and Indian soldiers in the Chumar area of the Nyoma sector on July 29 when a large Chinese patrol crossed over into what is perceived to be Indian territory.\"Our patrol, which was also in the area, did a 'banner drill' (waved banners at the Chinese troops to show it was Indian territory)...the two sides subsequently disengaged without any confrontation,\" said sources in the Army.While there has been no major border confrontation or an actual skirmish between the two armies, India has recorded as many as 550 \"transgressions\" by Chinese troops across the LAC in all the three sectors \u2014 western (Ladakh), middle ( Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh ) and eastern ( Sikkim , Arunachal Pradesh ) -just since January 2010, as reported by TOI earlier.India hopes the new bilateral boundary coordination mechanism, which became operational earlier this year after being inked during the 15th round of border between national security advisor Shivshankar Menon and his Chinese counterpart Dai Bingguo , will help prevent border flare-ups between the two armies.India also takes up \"specific incidents\" of transgressions by PLA through hotlines, flag meetings, border personnel meeting (BPM) and normal diplomatic channels. During the fourth India-China annual defence dialogue last December, New Delhi also told Beijing that military patrols along the LAC should not be undertaken at night, nor should they \"surprise each other\". Moreover, laid-down stand-operating procedures to cool down tempers should be followed in the event of face-offs between the two armies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461633", "title": "Jennifer Aniston reveals baby bump in 'spoof ' video", "text": "Jennifer Aniston has reportedly released a spoof video, in order to make fun of the media attention on her womb.The hilarious video, which is actually an advert for Smart Water, shows Jennifer peeling off an industrial strength belt to reveal an almighty baby bump hiding under her clothes.The 43-year-old American actress, who is recently happily engaged to Justin Theroux , created this spoof video to mock the press attention her 'baby bump' gets.\"Some breaking news now, Jennifer Aniston's home security tapes have leaked online from an unknown source. From inside the actress's home -shocking revelations,\" the Mirror quoted Ryan Seacrest as announcing in this advert.This footage begins with Jennifer commenting on a what a \"hot day\" it is in her kitchen, before turning away to expose an industrial strength belt beneath her t-shirt.The 'Friends' star then releases the clasp, and face the camera so does a MASSIVE BABY BUMP!\"Ahh, that's so much, how are my little triplets doing? You must be so thirsty!\" Jennifer said.In the following scene, Jennifer is commands her 40-year-old son- which she manages to hide in her mansion- to go back inside and hide, before another son comes out in an alien mask.However the best was yet to come as Jen is seen kissing 'Rachel' goodnight, as her 'Rachel' wigs lined up before revealing her true hair - a frizzy brunette double bun style.The CCTV also reveals Jen's secret exercise routine, which is hilarious. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16457103", "title": "Top cop shifted as Chennai is paralysed by protest", "text": "CHENNAI: The continuing anti-US protest in Chennai claimed its first head on Tuesday with the state government shunting out city police chief J K Tripathy. The police commissioner got his marching orders on a day the city was rocked by another massive protest, which saw Muslim activists clashing with police and traffic disruptions lasting hours at several places. Three protesters and five policemen were injured in clashes, and some vehicles were set afire.Taking a serious view of Friday's attack on the US consulate and the protests gaining momentum thereafter, the government posted additional director general of police S George as the city police commissioner on Tuesday evening. Tripathy has been posted as ADGP prisons.The protests, against an anti-Islam film, on Tuesday once again reflected the growing influence of radical elements in various Muslim outfits. About 10,000 people, mostly in the age group of 15 to 20 years, belonging to 23 Muslim organizations, including Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam and India Towheed Jamaath, turned up for the agitation in front of the Makkah Masjid on Mount Road at 3pm. They had come from various parts of the state.While police tried to restrict the crowd to the area between Spencer Plaza and the mosque, small groups tried to move towards the US consulate along Pattullas Road and Smith Road. Police chased them away. Though their leaders asked the protesters to disperse around 5pm, the cadres were in no mood to leave and chose to stay put on the road.Sensing trouble, India Towheed Jamaath leader S M Bakkar asked the crowd to move to the mosque for prayers. While much of the crowd dispersed, about 1,000 youth stayed back and pelted stones at the police.A challenge to the administrationThe protests against the controversial film, 'Innocence of Muslims', has thrown up a big challenge for the administration. By bringing life to a halt in parts of the city for successive days, radical elements have gained attention. \"There have not been such agitations in recent years. It is an indication that at the slightest provocation, there could be similar shows of strength in the future,\" said a bureaucrat.Did cops misjudge the numbers?It looks as if Chennai police misjudged the size of the crowd expected for the demonstration on Tuesday. While they estimated a turnout of 2,000-odd protesters, several thousand congregated on Anna Salai, which disrupted traffic. Police had given organizers a few options for venue s away from US consulate as they wanted the crowd to be kept away. But in the process, they ended up blocking Anna Salai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459856", "title": "Sudarshan remembered", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of people associated with RSS and its affiliated wings, paid homage to former RSS chief K S Sudarshan here on Tuesday.Members of RSS, BJP, VHP and other associated organizations, recalled the contribution of former RSS chief in a three-hour long programme. Sudharshan had spent a few years in Indore during late 60's as a RSS functionary.Tarun Sapkal of RSS and others who were associated with him shared their experiences. \"He had Indore connection so there were many people who had worked him,\" Sapkal said. Mortal remains of the former RSS chief will be taken to other cities were similar programmes will be organized.MP (Indore) Sumitra Mahajan , Industry minister Kailash Vijayvargia and other senior BJP leaders were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16460701", "title": "Nagri villagers stopped from entering edu hub site", "text": "RANCHI: A group of villagers visited the under-construction site of IIM and National Law University at Nagri to stop the construction work. However, they were stopped by police at the spot.The Jharkhand high court had recently asked the district administration to help restart construction work at the disputed site.Jharkhand Dishom Party president Salkhan Murmu called upon governor Syed Ahmad for his intervention in the Nagri land imbroglio. \"The governor has assured him that he will write to the chief minister and ask him to follow the law of the land and even inform the high court about other possibilities,\" said Murmu.Dayamani Barla, one of the leaders of affected villagers in Nagri, said, \"No construction work is currently going on in the disputed land. We had come to stop the work if there was any, but no construction was on.\"A large number of policemen on the site, however, stopped the tribal people from entering the construction site. Circle officer Sanjay Kumar held talks with the agitators and refused them entry into the disputed area. \"The villagers have submitted a memorandum to us. It will be handed over to senior officers,\" he said.Over 200 villagers were at the site. Over 80% of the 227 acres of land which have been acquired by the government have been sown paddy seedlings. \"Villagers are concerned about their cultivation. The villagers had come to see whether construction work has started and it is affecting their cultivation,\" said Arun Pradhan, another activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458587", "title": "'Cancel pact with institute to run hospital'", "text": "PUNE: The city-based Jan Arogya Manch has asked the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to cancel its agreement with the Aundh Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS) to run a multi-specialty hospital in Aundh on a public-private-partnership (PPP) basis.The Manch argued that the PPP model will deprive poor of treatment. \"It is the responsibility of the PMC to provide basic health services to its citizens. But in the name of PPP, the PMC wants to privatize its services. This initiative means nothing but handing over PMC's assets into private hands,\" said the press release issued by the Manch recently.The release further said that the PPP model is said to be one that is in the interest of the poor and common people, but the AIMS' own declaration says they will provide a mere 10% of total beds to corporation-recommended patients and they too will be liable to pay 50% of the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16460438", "title": "PM should step down, seek fresh mandate: Trinamool MP", "text": "KOLKATA: Asserting that the UPA government has lost its moral right to continue, Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh on Wednesday demanded that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh step down and seek a fresh mandate.\"Before accepting the resignation of Trinamool Congres ministers, the Prime Minister should step down and seek a fresh mandate on whether the country is permitting his policies or not,\" the MP said in a tweet.Opposing what he described as \"anti-people policies\", he said, \"Congress should remember it it is not their private government. They have no moral right right to continue with those policies.\"Trinamool Congress on Tuesday withdrew its support from the UPA and decided to formally pull out its ministers from the Union government on Friday, leaving a window open for the Union government to reconsider its decisions in the meantime.The second biggest constituent of the UPA with 19 members in Lok Sabha said the party could reconsider its stand if the government rolls back its decisions on FDI , raised the cap on subsidised LPG from six to 12 cylinders besides reducing diesel hike from Rs 5 by Rs 3 or Rs 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16457903", "title": "Uterus scam: HC admits writ petition", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The Patna high court chief justice Rekha M. Doshit on Monday admitted a PIL regarding the 'uterus scam' and assigned the court of Justice T Meena Kumari for its next hearing on Friday. The PIL had been filed by a Muzaffarpur-based lawyer, Sudheer Kumar Ojha, on Saturday last.In his writ petition, Ojha has alleged that a sum of more than Rs. 3,300 crore has been swindled through the 'uterus scam'. He has demanded a CBI enquiry into it to unravel the truth and fix responsibility. He has argued that since 75% money involved in the matter belonged to government of India, only a central agency can find out the truth.Ojha has made the civil surgeons and DMs of Samastipur, Madhubani and Muzaffarpur accused in the case, besides the principal secretaries of health and home departments of Bihar.'Uterus scam' involves the alleged removal of uteruses of thousands of BPL women without their consent, or necessity, by private hospitals or clinics, so as to claim health care insurance money under the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana. Under the scheme, accreditated hospitals and clinics are entitled to claim a sum of Rs 30,000 per family per annum for the treatment of registered BPL people.While Lalit Kishore will represent the state government, advocate Vijay Kumar Singh will plead on behalf of the complainant in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456767", "title": "Builders fined for poor conditions at work sites", "text": "CHENNAI: Three builders in Perungudi were fined 5,000 each on Monday after checks by officials from Chennai Corporation found that conditions in tents for labourers at these sites were pathetic. The checks, which officials said will continue, are part of an effort along with the inspectorate of factories to ensure proper sanitary conditions for workers at construction sites. Most of the workers at such sites are migrant labourers.The builders whose sites were inspected on Monday had been instructed to improve facilities for workers, officials said.Corporation sources said several complaints had been received about how areas like Perungudi and Sholinganallur, were crammed into tin-roofed shanties and lack proper sanitation. Recently, two migrant workers at a construction site in Pallikaranai died of suspected diarrhea.Corporation officials said that most of migrant workers faced a language barrier and either didn't complain about their poor working conditions or didn't know whom to approach. A worker from Bihar who labours at a site in Velachery said: \"We live in temporary sheds. Toilets are make-shift units and unhygienic. The conditions are terrible during summer.\" Others said that the food provided for them was prepared in unhygienic surroundings and that water supplied by private tankers was also unfit for drinking.A senior corporation official said: \"We mainly focus on the quality of drinking water provided for workers. We also take action to prevent breeding of mosquitoes at these sites.\"Some workers' unions have demanded that the corporation intensify checks at construction sites. A Soundararajan, general secretary of CITU, Tamil Nadu state committee, said workers \"were treated like animals\" at many construction sites. \"No proper inspections are carried out by the labour department.\" Two youths electrocutedTwo people were electrocuted at Madambakkam on Tuesday afternoon. The residents of Sozhan Nagar were planning to celebrate Vinayaka Chatruthi and had pooled in money. One of the deceased, R Ebinesan (19) of Santhoshapuram was installing the shamiana and audio equipment. Ebinesan was putting up the tube lights. He tossed an electric cable over the shamina and just then the cable came in contact with the high-tension power supply wires and he was killed on the spot. Sivakumar (10) was watching Ebinesan at work and he too came in contact with the cables and died instantly. The two were rushed to a private clinic and doctors pronounced them dead on arrival. Police reached the spot on information and shifted the body to Chromepet GH for post-mortem, along with that of Ebinesan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16466427", "title": "Lord Ganesh devotees throng temples", "text": "GUWAHATI: Serpentine queues of devotees were seen in front of Ganesh temples in the city on Ganesh Chaturthi on Wednesday. Latasil Ganesh temple saw a large crowd with devotees appeasing the lord of prosperity with flowers and other offerings.Amit Das , a city-based banker, said, \"I am praying for a number of things, like lowering of prices of essential commodities, saving people from corrupt leaders and violence and blasts. After Ganesh Chaturthi, there will be Navratri and Durga Puja and so I hope no unwanted incident takes place then. The festive times have just started rolling and everyone should be happy.\"Purnima Gohain, a housewife said, \"Forget about vegetables and other essentials, there's a ceiling on the number of cylinders, too. Only god can take care of us in these hard times.\"R Das, a temple puja committee member, said, \"Every year on Ganesh Chaturthi, hundreds of people come here. Naam, kirtan, puja and aarti are performed the whole day.\"Flower sellers had a field day selling a variety of sprigs for the rituals. Jitu Mazumder, a flower seller, said, \"People are asking for red flowers and vermillion, which are essential for puja and sales are good. This is the beginning of the festive season and I hope my business fares well by the grace of god.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456843", "title": "Chougle couple free to leave the country", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have allowed Gayasuddin and Farzana Chougle, parents of Rehab and Rameez who died by \" pesticide poisoning\", to leave the country before the results of the post-mortem are out. The police have ruled out their involvement in the mysterious deaths.The body of their son, Rameez, was exhumed from the Yari Road kabrastan on Monday. The parents made a formal request to be allowed to return to Muscat once the exhumation was over, before the reports were out. Additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nagre Patil told TOI on Tuesday, \"We have never insisted they stay back nor did we do so the last time they left for Muscat. I am confident that the results of Rameez' post-mortem will strengthen our case under Section 304 (culpable homicide) against the pest control personnel and suppliers. Most likely, 99.9% the case is exactly as we believe it to be, as for the 0.01% that remains I cannot say.\"The police officials who oversaw the exhumation made the ambulance driver alight and leave the scene, and put their own personnel at the wheel. This, despite a shortage of staff drivers, one of whom had been working 24 hours already.Around 9.30pm on Monday, the police brought back Rameez's body, tightly wrapped in a cloth, and instructed kabrastan officials not to unravel the cover. \"Normally, a body is uncovered to apply a special masala that stems the foul odour. This time though, the graveyard authorities were forced to put the masala over the cloth cover because the police did not allow them to unwrap it,\" a source said.Sources who had seen Rameez's body when it was disinterred are surprised to hear official claims that it had decomposed badly. \"In fact, it was fresher than we had expected, perhaps due to the monsoon chill. We thought it would come out in parts but it came out whole. Apart from a few marks on the face, there was nothing to suggest decomposition,\" a source said.While forensic experts have been emphasizing on the role of chemical analysis in solving the mystery behind the Chougle siblings' deaths, samples collected from Rameez's exhumed body are yet to reach the Forensic Science Laboratory in Kalina. Director of the laboratory M K Malve confirmed the samples of Rameez's hair, nail, bones and viscera had not reached the lab till late Tuesday evening. Malve said the results of the test could take a few weeks to a month. Besides tissues and organs preserved from Rameez's body, soil samples were also taken from the grave for testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "t'richy", "code": "16458411", "title": "Two Trichy students killed in road accidents", "text": "T'RICHY: In a double tragedy, an LKG student and a 13-year old differently-abled student were killed in two different road accidents in Trichy on Tuesday. While S Kishore, 5, LKG student, was thrown out of the school van as the door opened suddenly, the differently-abled boy was run over by a private carrier as soon as he alighted from it. Police have arrested four persons, including a school correspondent, in the two cases.Kishore from Sikkanthampur was a student of Sri Vignesh Vidyalaya School at Sikkanthampur Palayam near Thuraiyur. On Tuesday morning, he boarded the school van and M Grace, an attendant, made him to sit along with another student on a single seat near the door. However, when the van driver applied sudden brakes, the door of the vehicle opened. Hence, the driver K Veluchamy applied a sudden brake, but Kishore was flung out of the van. The boy fell down on the road and sustained severe injuries. The crowd which gathered on the spot immediately rushed him to a private hospital in Thuraiyur, but he succumbed to the injuries. The Uppliapuram police registered a case and arrested the driver Veluchamy, attendant Grace and the school correspondent K Ramaraj. \"They used to make him sit along with another student on the single seat. Despite knowing this, the school administration did not stop it. Hence, the correspondent was also arrested,\" Trichy SP Lalitha Kumari said.In another accident, K Mithun a 13-year old differently-abled boy from HAPP quarters in Trichy was knocked down by a private carrier hired for ferrying school children. He was studying in the sixth standard in a special school 'Arivalayam' located in the campus of BHEL, Trichy. The vehicle had been arranged by the parents themselves and ferried students to various schools on the route everyday. But Tuesday turned out to be a tragedy for Mithun, who also used to travel in the van. Van driver K Senthilkumar from Kattur in Trichy stopped the vehicle in front of 'Arivalayam'. Two students including Mithun alighted from the vehicle without any assistance as there was no attendant for the vehicle. Mithun attempted to cross the road in front of the vehicle to enter the school. But the driver who did not see the boy crossing the road, knocked him down and Mithun sustained severe injuries. The driver Senthilkumar brought him to the hospital in the BHEL campus, but the boy died a few minutes later. The BHEL police registered a case against the driver Senthilkumar and the vehicle owner M Kumar. They arrested Senthikumar but Kumar is still absconding. \"An attendant should have been there to assist the students to cross the road,\" SP Lalitha said.Post-mortems for the two bodies were performed at the Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458563", "title": "Hazare finds support in Pune for his apolitical stand on graft", "text": "PUNE: Prominent personalities and activists in Pune on Tuesday backed anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare and supported his stand to stay away from social activist Arvind Kejriwal's political ambitions.Hazare started his consultations from Pune by convening a meeting of like-minded people to discuss the future of the anti-corruption movement.He held a closed-door meeting with well-known ecologist Madhav Gadgil, former bureaucrat Avinash Dharmadhikari, founder president of Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti Narendra Dabholkar, social activist Vasudha Sardar, Sarvoday Sangh president Jayawant Mathkar and activist Vishwambhar Chaudhari. \"Corruption, gagging of social movements and devastating the environment go hand-in-hand with politics. I suggested that it is better to be out of the political arena and continue with the mass movement for better change,\" Gadgil said, after the meeting.Sardar too said that it was important to strengthen the mass movement. \"It can give a long-term agenda to combat corruption. As of now electoral politics means nothing, but encourages corruption by using money to get elected,\" she added.Dabholkar said there is a vacant space between politics and progressive movements in Maharashtra. \"As of now, this space is being occupied by fundamentalists and regressive forces. We discussed how to occupy it by strengthening the mass movement. Anna can do this as he has mass appeal. He will have rounds of talks with people and come out with a mission statement. We all agreed for an apolitical option over a political one,\" said Narendra Dabholkar.Dharmadhikari, who denied the possibility of his joining Kejriwal and contesting elections, said that Hazare should continue to lead the mass movement and stay away from politics.Chaudhari said, \"Every movement has links with politics. The only question is of joining electoral politics. Anna will stick to his stand of apolitical movement. Some of us are going to Delhi on Wednesday to join his consultations there.\"Hazare had not invited former political associates Baba Adhav and Mohan Dharia for the meeting. When asked, he remained silent. Adhav, Dharia and other activists like Kumar Saptarishi had distanced themselves from Hazare a few years ago. They had said that the social activist does not stick to his stand and wanted to run a movement as per his directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460636", "title": "A three-day long cultural festival in Kolkata", "text": "Clarinetist, composer and online sensation, Shankar Tucker, kickstarted a three-day long cultural festival at a city five-star, recently.Shankar rose to fame with the popularity of his online music series called The ShrutiBox, featuring fusion compositions. The musician has registered more than 2 million hits on YouTube. On Wednesday, the artiste performed with his troupe, comprising vocalist Nirali Karthik, guitarist Karthik Shah and percussionist Amit Mishra. Vocals, clarinet, guitar and tabla, blended to create powerful sounds that delighted the audience gathered at the venue. The following day, it was time for fun with stand-up comedian, D'Lo. The Tamil-Sri Lankan-American performer tickled funny bones with his repertoire of humour that he calls D'Funqt. Stories of being the queer boy/stud/transgender, growing up in a strict immigrant family trying to make it all work out peacefully while radically and bizarrely challenging mindframes in choosing to exist unapologetically, formed the premise of his anecdotes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16460976", "title": "Gutkaa sale: Pouches burned in Field Ganj", "text": "LUDHIANA: Continuing their protest over the illegal sale of 'gutka', members of Akal Welfare Society gathered in front of civil hospital in Field Ganj and burned more than 100 pouches being sold at a kiosk. Last week, the society members and city residents had carried out a similar drive in front of a Model Town temple. On Tuesday, Kamaljot Singh, Dimpy Chawla, Lucky Aneja, Satpal Singh and Raja Chugh gathered the pouches and also called police personnel to highlight that the banned substance was still being sold in Ludhiana. Dimpy Chawla of Model Town said, 'We won't stop until the authorities take any actions against these vendors. The pouches are openly sold and nothing is done to stop it.' The society plans to continue the protest in other areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458591", "title": "Cops say 68% conviction rate shows quality of investigation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Special Cell, stung by attacks on some of its most celebrated successes and decorated officers, hit back at detractors a day before the fourth anniversary of the Batla House encounter in which an officer, inspector Mohan Chand Sharma, lost his life. Officers of the Cell said most points made in the book, Framed, Damned and Acquitted were far from the truth, and they would take \"appropriate action\" if \"facts were found to have been fudged''.Officers said six of the 16 cases discussed in the book actually ended in conviction, while one is pending trial. \"One case has not been investigated by the Special Cell at all, and in five of the eight cases that ended in acquittal, our appeals are pending before the high court,'' said a senior officer.Sources said, in most of the cited cases the co-accused had been convicted. \"In the Farooq Ahmed Khan case of 1996, four men were acquitted but six others were convicted. Similarly, in the 2005 case involving Hamid Hussain and five others, two of the accused were convicted,'' said the officer, adding, collecting evidence in such cases is not easy and the fact that the accused remained in jail for so long meant the courts found some merit in the police charges.Between 1992 and 2012 \u2014 the range for Framed, Damned and Acquitted \u2014 the Special Cell has registered and investigated 182 terror related cases. Of these, 133 have been decided by courts and the conviction rate is 68%, against 24.8% acquittals. \"The conviction rate of 68% indicates that investigation has been done with professionalism,'' said a senior officer at police headquarters.A release from Delhi Police later stated: \"It may be pointed out that the job of an investigating agency is to investigate cases, collect evidence and present it before courts of law for evaluation. During the trial, especially in terror related cases, the judicial scrutiny is of a considerably stringent level. Guilt must be proven beyond reasonable doubt. Also, there are very few public witnesses who come forward to depose before the court for fear of reprisal later. Therefore, if a case ends in acquittal, the blame is not only at the doorstep of the investigating agency.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "16461499", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation to inaugurate down-lane of Adajan fly-over bridge on Sept 19", "text": "SURAT : There is some good news for the residents of Adajan and Pal. The down lane of Adajan fly-over bridge will be thrown open for the public use on September 21.Sources in the bridge cell of Surat Municipal Corporation said the construction work of the down lane of the Adajan fly over bridge has been completed. The bridge will be thrown open for public use on September 21.The deadline for the completion of construction work was set for June-2011. However,the contractor failed to meet the deadline after facing many hurdles like the shifting of the drainage, water and other underground service lines in the entire stretch from Sardar bridge to Gujarat Gas circle.Sources said the construction of Rs.28 crore worth of fly-over bridge connecting Sardar bridge with Gujarat Gas circle at Adajan commenced two years ago. The 1339 meters long Fly-over Bridge was planned to ease the traffic flow in Adajan, especially near the Gujarat Gas Circle.In the past, the residents of Adajan had registered strong protest against the civic body and the bridge contractor for the delay in the construction of the bridge that was causing serious traffic problems in the city from the past two years. Last year, the resident of Ankur society had blocked the traffic on the main thoroughfare at Adajan to protest the delay in the construction of the fly-over bridge.Sources said the completion of the down-lane of the fly-over bridge connecting Sardar bridge would considerably reduce the traffic problems for the commuters.A senior civic officer said \"The up lane of the fly-over bridge is under use and the down lane will be inaugurated on September 21. The fly-over bridge will cater to the huge population in Adajan and Pal and would ease the traffic congestion during the peak hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16455988", "title": "Anonymous hacks BJP website", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hackers allegedly belonging to Anonymous attacked BJP website and hacked it on Tuesday night. The hackers posted several messages on www.bjp.org, including one video message hosted at Youtube.The video was posted at YouTube by a user called AnonD3vil on 26 August.In the video, which is full of images that were shot during the June 9 protests Anonymous organized against blocking of several websites, a man says, \"since many days we are observing the deteriorating condition of free speech in India and how the government is trying to suppress the every dissenting voice.\"The man then added that every Indian \"should go out and say (to the government) that I will not tolerate your misdoings anymore.\"The hackers also posted a message against FDI in retail and price hike in fuel as well as pictures that allegedly show police brutality in the country.On the BJP website's home page, Anonymous claimed it would launch an \"Occupy India\" movement against the government policies from September 23.\"We are calling to the people of India to join the movement now. Time to start a mass movement to remove the corrupt politicians, and correct the system in a way where the people holds power and the representatives are puppets of the people which is opposite of what it is today,\" hackers wrote on the website.The 'occupy' part comes from the Occupy Wall Street Movement that became quite popular in the US earlier this year. Anonymous allegedly played a big role in making the movement popular by raising awareness about it through web campaign on Twitter and other websites.However, the protests called by Anonymous India in several cities in June had failed with just a handful of people gathering to protest against the blocking of several websites on the orders by Madras high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456549", "title": "Stop eating up flyers' food, Air India tells stewards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India has issued a circular asking cabin crew to behave themselves mid-air, in the face of many complaints about them consuming passengers' meals and their boisterous guffaws in the galley area.Since the complaints came from first class passengers, the airline wasted no time in issuing the fresh circular on September 5 (TOI has a copy). The circular to the cabin crew talks about the manner they have to \"eat\" and \"talk\" during flights.A senior AI official said the airline was getting complaints that cabin crew ate the passengers' meals in front of passengers during the flights.The crew now has been told to speak softly while in the galley, which is close to the first class seats, and draw the curtain down while having food. In each flight, the meals are uplifted as per the number of passengers and the cabin crew keeps some of the food packets for their consumption during flights.In the circular, the airline has instructed the cabin crew to be restrained while eating their personal and the airline's meals. As per some complaints, on many occasions, cabin crew group together to eat meals in the aircraft, delaying the response time to attend to passengers' call during flights.The circular clearly said the crew has to take meals in turn so that sufficient numbers are available to attend to calls. The circular also instructed the crew to quietly work in the galley and speak softly as passengers in first class were getting disturbed.The cabin crew heads have been asked to check all documents relating to the flight beforehand as in the past, there were instance that the immigration cards of wrong country were kept in the flight, resulting in an embarrassing situation. Grapping with the financial losses and turnaround strategies, the airline cannot afford to upset passengers in both domestic and international sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16461437", "title": "Jayalalithaa declines to comment on TMC's withdrawal of support", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa on Wednesday declined to comment on the political developments following withdrawal of support by the Trinamool Congress to the UPA government.\"I am going to participate in the Cauvery River Authority meeting. My focus and concentration are on the meeting,\" Jayalalithaa told reporters before leaving for Delhi.The CRA, headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , has been convened following the Centre's assurance to the Supreme Court recently.Jayalalithaa had repeatedly urged the Centre to convene the CRA to discuss the water-sharing dispute with Karnataka.She had on Tuesday held discussions with senior cabinet colleagues and officials to finalise the state's strategy to be adopted at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457792", "title": "KTC to purchase 159 new buses at 33 crore", "text": "PANAJI: The Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) board of directors has resolved to purchase 159 big and small buses to phase out old buses and start operations on new routes. KTC is awaiting release of share capital by the government for the purpose.KTC managing director Derrick Netto said the corporation will procure 100 mini buses (40-seater) at the cost of 17 crore. KTC will also purchase 59 big buses that include four luxury buses (45-seater) and 55 semi-luxury (64-seater) buses at a cost of 18 crore.KTC has received three quotations for the mini buses and is in the final stages of selecting the supplier. Fifty of the new mini buses will be used to replace the old ones which will be scrapped. The other 50 mini buses will be put on new routes which are being identified.From among the big buses, 30 will replace old buses on inter-state routes. Existing buses on inter-state routes that are older than five years, will be moved to intra-state routes. The balance 50 big buses, including four luxury buses, will be put on new routes. Netto said quotations for the bigger buses will be invited shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458537", "title": "Rs 16L compensation for road mishap victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 69-year-old road mishap victim, who suffered 50% permanent disability in the accident, has been awarded Rs 16.33 lakh as compensation by a Motor Accidents Claims Tribunal (MACT).The tribunal asked ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co Ltd, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay the sum. The tribunal's order came on a complaint by victim Baldev Dass Sharma who alleged that on March 7, 2006 afternoon he was hit by a rashly-driven Ford Fiesta car while crossing the road near sector 6, Dwarka.He was rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital which, in its report, had confirmed he suffered \"dangerous injuries.\" The driver of the car in her statement had said Sharma jumped in front of her vehicle from the pavement and she had immediately applied the brakes, and her quick and timely action had saved his life.The police official who was an eyewitness however deposed that the accident took place due to negligent driving by the woman and that Sharma being an old man was moving slowly and had not jumped in front of the car.MACT presiding officer Arun Bhardwaj awarded the compensation relying on the police officer's testimony. As per Sharma's medical record of treatment at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, he suffered severe brain trauma in the accident due to which his left side was permanently weakened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16455935", "title": "Autonagar observes bandh over power cuts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Protesting the prolonged power cuts, thousands of workers boycotted duty at Autonagar, one of the biggest automobile industrial zones in the state, in Vijayawada on Tuesday. Stung by the strike, the power officials held negotiations with the representatives of the Autonagar Association and promised to ensure power supply during the night time. SPDCL superintendent engineer Mohan Krishna asked the Autonagar unit managements not to panic. The annual turnover of Autonagar is around Rs 500 crore. \"There are more than 3-4 lakh workers who depend on Autonagar,\" said union leader Prasad. Autonagar is popular in the country where even heavy vehicles are remodelled.On any given day, over one lakh work in nearly 6,000 units in the area. However, frequent power cuts are leaving the owners of the units in a tight corner as they are not able to finish the work orders in time. Sources said some garage owners terminated the services of more than 10,000 workers in the past few months owing to financial troubles and frequent power cuts. Among them were auto mechanics, electricians, welders, plumbers, carpenters, painters and craftsmen.The foundry owners allege that the weekly three-day power holiday is leaving the workers jobless. Meanwhile, the power officials said they would ensure supplies only if the owners try to restrict their usage as the feeders are tripping if the load is increased.After two-hour long negotiations, the strike was called off late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16460743", "title": "Ranchi varsity posters on restrictions irk students", "text": "RANCHI: The administrative building of Ranchi University has been plastered with posters and notices saying \"restricted area\" and \"photography prohibited\".The move came close on the heels of a decision taken by the syndicate to avoid any kind of chaos on the university premises. Pro vice-chancellor of RU VP Sharan said, \"In the past few days, many unfortunate events took place in the university like breaking the doors of the VC's chamber and misbehavior with the VC by several union members.\"The students usually behave rudely with the officials particularly when they see media persons around with cameras. \"So we have made a rule that cameras will not be allowed if a number of students arrive at the university to meet any official.\"The syndicate also decided that the students cannot meet the VC directly. Sharan said, \"If a group of students want to meet the VC, they will first have to meet the dean, students' welfare or proctor and if they (the officials) think the students can meet the VC, only then students will the be permitted (to meet the VC).\"Agitated over the \" draconian\" rules, various student unions created scene on the campus and tore all the posters and notices.Rakesh Kiran, a member of a students' union, said, \"By making such rules, the administration wants to bring a communication gap between the students and the VC. This way we will not be able to put our problems before the VC directly.\"The syndicate decisions can only be changed if the matters are put up at the senate meeting, but the senate meeting has not been convened for more than four years.Harish, a member of the student union, said, \"The senate does not have representatives from students or teachers; and the meeting has not been held for years, so it is difficult to change this decision. Still, we will keep protesting with the hope that we would be heard and this rule would be cancelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460560", "title": "Manoj Tiwari back with devotional album", "text": "Megastar of Bhojpuri cinema, Manoj Tiwari is coming up again with his devotional album for navratri. His previous albums like, 'Badi Sher Par Sawaar', 'Aey Hirna Samajh Samajh Van Charna' is played a lot during navratri.Manoj Tiwari says,\" I am soon going to come with a melodious devotional song. There are prayers of 'Mumba Devi', 'Jeevdani Mata' and 'Mahalakshmi Devi' in the album. Whenever I sing for devi mata, I just lose track of time. Devi maa has always been very kind to me and that is why I get so emotional while singing devotional songs.\"The album is recorded in a studio at Wasai road.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16458343", "title": "Suspension orders issued to 28 fireworks units in Sivakasi", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Teams inspecting fireworks units in Sivakasi after the recent accident at Mudalipatti which claimed 39 lives have ordered the temporary suspension of 28 fireworks units in the district. After the accident, 11 teams with each team consisting of officials from the departments of explosives, revenue, health and fire and rescue services, police, factory inspectors, were formed and they carried out inspections in 193 fireworks units.Violations were found in 28 fireworks units, which have been asked to suspend work on a temporary basis, official sources said. Some of the major violations found in the units were surplus stocking of chemicals and finished products in the units, deploying excessive staff in the production rooms and not adhering to safety norms, they said. \"They will be closed down temporarily till they rectify the violations. The inspections were effective as most of the units started following the stringent safety norms,\" said Sivakasi RDO, S G Rangan.Meanwhile, Sivakasi Town police arrested the lorry shed owner M Vinothkumar (32) under charges of negligence with respect to explosive substance and Section 9 B 1B of the Explosives Act in connection with the fire accident occurred in Muthupriay Lorry shed in Muslim Thykka street in Sivakasi on Monday due to stocking of fireworks. \"Stocking fireworks in truck sheds is illegal. They should load the consignments from the regular godowns situated in the outskirts. We have initiated a raid in the truck sheds to find out irregularities,\" Rangan said.Industrial sources said that it was usual practice to collect the fireworks consignments from many units and load them in trucks from the shed. The incident on Monday had occurred due to wrong handling of fireworks. \"It is a general practice here and with Diwali season nearing, the units are hurrying to despatch the products,\" said a fireworks unit owner.Industrial sources also remembered a project that was initiated by the then district collector, Siji Thomas Vaidyan in 2010. She had suggested the formation of a cluster of fireworks godowns in 50 to 100 acres of land, eight kms away from the town on Bypass Road so that all the fireworks consignments could be accumulated in one place from where they could be dispatched in the trucks. However, the project never materialised. \"Such a kind of set up would have greatly helped the fireworks units. The state government can consider setting up such a common infrastructure to stock and load the fireworks\", said A M S G Ashokan, a fireworks owner in Sivakasi.Meanwhile, officials, who are raiding truck sheds found on Tuesday that one Logarajan of Annai Transports in Thiruthangal had stocked 5,800 boxes of fireworks worth Rs 1.16 crore. Officials seized the boxes and sealed the lorry shed. He was arrested by Thiruthangal police and was later released on bail, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16457296", "title": "CBSE pilot project on English proficiency", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will implement a pilot project on English proficiency skills in 200 schools, wherein students will be tested in these skills by an external agency appointed by the board.\"Majority of our students are lacking in listening and speaking proficiency in English. We measured their skills in these areas and found that they were not up to mark, despite schools conducting tests to improve them. We have decided to involve an outside agency to conduct the proficiency test on a pilot basis in classes IX and XI,\" said Neelima Sharma, consultant (English), CBSE. Schools have been asked to volunteer for the project. \"We are getting good response. Once we shortlist 200 schools, we will finalize on an agency to conduct the tests during Summative Assessment (SA) - II,\" Sharma said.Meanwhile, for schools conducting internal exams to test the child's speaking and listening skills in English without the desired results, the CBSE has formulated guidelines for such assessments besides giving them criteria for evaluation.\"We have even framed questions that need to be asked. All CBSE schools will have to follow a uniform pattern. They can adapt or adopt samples given or frame their own question papers based on the given guidelines,\" Sharma said. A 10% weightage has been provisioned for the students' speaking and listening skills in SA I and SA II. The CBSE communique to schools said, \"English as a medium of communication has acquired an important role in bringing the world together. CBSE envisages that all language skills need to be integrated into the English language curriculum. Speaking and listening should be fostered in children to equip them with better communication skills.\"Meena Vishwanathan, education officer, Bhavans said, \"Having good communication skills in English is very important today. Scores will be given for English listening and speaking skills, which is a step in the right direction. The schools are following the CBSE guidelines from this academic year.\"The pilot project will be launched in 200 schools, wherein students will be tested in English proficiency skills by an external agency appointed by the board", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16458793", "title": "After peace call, porn star in hot water", "text": "BEIJING: Japanese porn actress , Sola Aoi, who has been a rage in China for over three years, has become the target of a rising hate campaign against Japanese personalities and products after she posted a friendship note in a Chinese micro-blogging site.Her post on Weibo read, \"Japanese-Chinese Friendship\" . She commented: \"I hope there are good relations between we common people ...I am here in the same world as you. Hurt...\"The post by the adult film actress, who has 13 million followers on Weibo, touched a raw nerve as thousands demonstrated outside the Japanese embassy in Beijing .Many hit back calling Sola a \"Japanese dog\" . She replied replacing the word \"Japanese\" with \"Chinese\" along with her own photograph. Sola's messages have been was retweeted over 120,000 times and attracted over 130,000 comments, the local media said. \"Japan's gov (sic) should hurry up and nationalize Sola Aoi before China makes a move... If Japan loses those assets .., \" a tweet said referring to Tokyo's decision to nationalize the Diaoyu islands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456794", "title": "Infighting hits forces engaged in anti-Maoist operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security agencies engaged in the ongoing anti-naxal operations continue to squabble among themselves, displaying poor synergy, lack of coordination and one upmanship. In the latest such incident, a row erupted between paramilitary/police forces and IAF on Tuesday morning over the deployment of a helicopter to airlift three injured personnel in Jharkhand.State police officials complained IAF refused to use its helicopter to evacuate the injured security personnel after an encounter at Chatra in Jharkhand, citing inclement weather on Tuesday morning. The state police and CRPF, which were conducting the joint operation against Maoists in the area, finally had to bank upon a BSF helicopter to evacuate the injured - a CRPF commandant, a CoBRA jawan and a state police constable - to hospitals.IAF, however, contended one of its Mi-17 helicopters had got airborne from Ranchi at 6.20 am \"despite rain and bad weather\" after getting the casualty evacuation call at 5.30 am. \"But while flying to the pick-up point, the helicopter encountered a further deterioration in the weather, with a very low cloud base. The pilots could not proceed any further and turned back,\" said an IAF officer.The IAF helicopter was in the process of getting airborne at 8.30 am again for the rescue mission when the information came that the BSF helicopter, \"flying from some other place and direction\", had reached the spot to airlift the injured.\"If someone is claiming that we refused the casualty evacuation, it is totally baseless. We, for instance, conducted a major rescue operation on September 10-13 when eight seriously injured police/paramilitary personnel were airlifted even as the ground operation was in progress,\" said the IAF officer.This is not the first time that such differences between policeparamilitary forces and IAF have come to the fore. Similar problems were reported by Jharkhand Police in April when two injured security personnel had to be evacuated from Mandal in Latehar district after an operation against Maoists.Though the IAF helicopter did take off from Ranchi for Mandal, it had to return due to a technical snag. It left the state police fuming over IAF's decision not to deploy its second chopper despite being repeatedly asked by the police and paramilitary forces to respond promptly to the emergency.The matter could be resolved only after the intervention of then home minister P Chidambaram who held a meeting with IAF officials over the issue of coordination among different forces in such a situation. Later, IAF had deployed its second helicopter in Jharkhand after the state administration provided required infrastructure to maintain the chopper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456524", "title": "Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority bid to check unplanned growth around key expressway", "text": "KOLKATA: With vast stretches on both sides of the 43-kilometre Kalyani-Barrackpore-Dum Dum expressway witnessing a massive urbanization, the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) is preparing a Land Use and Development Control Plan (LUDCP) of the areas lying within 500 meters of either side of the expressway to prevent unplanned development.The Kalyani to Dum Dum expressway via Barrackpore corridor is a major north-south corridor within the Kolkata Metropolitan Area. At present, a stretch of about 41 kilometres, out of the total 43 kilometres stretch of the expressway, from Kalyani to Madhusudan Banerjee Road is in operation. Officials have noticed that the areas on both sides of the expressway are witnessing unplanned growth and the accessibility of the adjoining areas of the expressway has also increased rapidly with development activities.\"We have already completed the LUDCP for a large area and have submitted the plan to the urban development department for notification,\" said KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj.The KMDA authorities are preparing the LUDCP in phases, as preparing it for the entire 43 kilometres stretch will take some time. In the first phase, the LUDCP of the areas lying within 500 meters on either side of the expressway, which is about a 9 kilometre stretch from Barasat Road to Sodepur Road, has been prepared.In the second phase, the LUDCP of a 4 kilometre stretch of the expressway from Madhusudan Banerjee to Barasat Road will be prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16457832", "title": "A feast of Ganeshas to feast on", "text": "Ponda: Marcela, the temple village of Ponda, is popular for its creative creations of Lord Ganesha during Chaturthi. Together with neighbouring Cumbharjua and St Estevam it attracts visitors from across Goa who come to see the innovative Ganeshas put up by the various mandals and clubs.Take the Shree Ram Mandir from Rambhuvanwada-Cumbharjua for instance. Its members have prepared a 21ft-high mechanized idol. A team of about 20 youngsters, guided by local art teacher Pradeep Parab, worked for over two months to prepare Gajavitthal-a combination of Lord Ganesha and Lord Vithal. This avatar guided the Marathi saint, potter Gora Kumbhar to prepare his mud pots. So, the mechanized idol too waters the mud and makes pots on the potter's wheel. It cost around 2.5 lakh to make.Parab explained that much of the idol is made up of the two truckloads of special black clay bought from Kolhapur in Maharashtra. This alone cost around 32,000. Local clay and other material was also used.At the Shree Vitthal Saunskrutik Mandal, Bazarwada-Marcela, the 6 ft-tall idol is made from about 75kg of white wax. Its chief sculptor Omkar Narvekar said it took him and 11 members two months to complete. Dayanand Bhagat, a former teacher from the village, also helped in the making of the approximately 70,000 statue, he says.Just 2km away, the Shree Sai Kala Mandal, Tariwada, has made a Ganesha of paper tiles imported from China. Artist Namdev Tari says the idol is in the form of Lord Mahadev.Seated in samadhi, the 15 ft-tall statue has consumed about 20 sq ft of paper tiles. It took about two-and-a-half months to make and cost about 70,000, says Tari.In Ponda, the Bandekar family has made a Ganesha idol using about 20,000 imitation diamonds. The 16 ft-tall idol is in the Natraj pose.Krishna Bandekar says the imitation diamonds are embedded in fiberglass. \"In 2010 we made an idol using 5 coins worth 21,000. In 2011 we used 12,500 rudraksha seeds bought from Kathmandu-Nepal,\" he recalls. Elder brother Vithal says it took the two brothers and their cousin Pundalik Talwadekar three months to finish this year's idol.\"It cost us 1.5 lakh and some locals, including the MLA and Curti-Khandepar panch Sandip Khandeparkar, helped us,\" says Vithal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456791", "title": "Boy, 6, killed as MTC bus knocks down bike carrying four", "text": "CHENNAI: A six-year-old boy was killed and three other teenagers were injured when the bike on which they were travelling was hit by an MTC bus near Raj Bhavan on Monday evening.Balaprasad alias Thudheyon, Gasper (13) and Jayaprakash (13) were going on a scooty ridden by Aravindan (16) when MTC bus 54 (Broadway to Poonamallee) hit the bike as Aravidan tried to take a right turn, police said.The four were thrown off the vehicle and Balaprasad came under the wheels of the bus. All the four, from the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board quarters in Venkatapuram, Saidapet, were taken to the government general hospital where Balaprasad died. Arvindan suffered a fracture in a hand and Gasper and Jayaprakash escaped with minor injuries. The Guindy traffic investigation police registered a case and arrested bus driver Tamzhilvanan of Thirumazhisai.As soon as news of Balaprasad's death spread, a pall of gloom descended on the TNSCB colony. The Class 2 student of Our Lady of Health School in Little Mount \"was a favourite with every one. He always played with his cousin and loved going on a two-wheeler,\" said his uncle Peter.His father Ravi Kumar and mother Selvarani remained inconsolable. Others in the colony said though the accident came as a shock, this was not the first time people in the colony were involved in accidents at the spot.\"At least 10 residents of the colony met with accidents in the recent past but had miraculous escapes. It's an accident prone zone. It is high time police put up speed breakers,\" said Mallika, a resident. Police said six fatal accidents had occurred at the spot in the past few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16456231", "title": "Anna Hazare confirms rift with Arvind Kejriwal, says his apolitical mass movement will continue", "text": "PUNE: For the first time, social crusader Anna Hazare on Tuesday spoke publicly of the rift between him and Arvind Kejriwal over formation of a political party, saying he would stick to his apolitical movement against corruption while Kejriwal was free to chase his political ambitions.Hazare met prominent Pune citizens and activists to discuss the way forward for his movement. He is scheduled to have similar consultations in New Delhi and other cities over the next few days, including meetings with Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi and other former Team Anna members.Asked if there was a rift between him and former Team Anna members led by Kejriwal over the formation of a political party, Hazare said, \"It is obvious. Despite the rift, we have one single aim. This (rift) is not like (what happens with) political parties. He (Kejriwal) will go his way and I will go mine. I have always stated that I don't want to form a political party and contest elections. My path is different. I had made it clear at Jantar Mantar.\"Despite repeated calls to his cellphone, Kejriwal couldn't be reached on Tuesday.Hazare felt that joining politics would take him away from his goals of serving the nation and society. \"Politics is not service. It is all about selfishness,\" he said. \"I told them (core committee members) we have one common aim \u2014 to have a corruption-free nation. If you want to start a political party, go ahead and contest elections. I will go back to the people and continue with my work. I will not support all candidates nominated by Arvind's party. I will check their background and character and support a few appropriate ones.\"Hazare said a strong Lokpal bill and the right to reject option remained on top of the agenda of his movement.Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan had recently evaded questions about a growing discord within members of former Team Anna. They had said that the formation of a political party would be decided only after consultations with Hazare. While Team Anna sources had indicated that prominent members of the group weren't happy about joining politics, Kejriwal and Bhushan had argued that it was needed to provide a political alternative.Activists who participated in the discussions with Hazare on Tuesday endorsed his stand. Prominent ecologist Madhav Gadgil said, \"Joining politics will not help. It is better to continue with the mass movement and bring about a change.\" Activist Narendra Dabholkar said Hazare will hold more consultations and then come out with a \"mission statement\" to guide the movement.Last month, two prominent Anna supporters, Medha Patkar and Santosh Hegde, had questioned the idea of floating a political party. Patkar had said, \"One has to ensure that the people, who are awakened, remain so. One has to think 100 times before taking a plunge into electoral politics. If he (Hazare) joins politics, then the momentum gained would be lost. When people with noble intentions join politics, either they don't last long or they don't achieve much.\"Hegde had said, \"I don't support Anna Hazare and his team starting a political party.\"Hazare, meanwhile, said he would travel across states and gauge the public mood. \"But I will not succumb to any public pressure to form a political party or be part of any party. The country is awakened and people have faith that a change is possible. The people will have the final authority to decide the fate of a political party and social movement. The people will reject anyone treading the wrong path,\" he said.Timeline2010: India Against Corruption formed with Anna Hazare, Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia, Shanti Bhushan, Prashant Bhushan, Kiran BediJan 30, 2011: IAC's first public event: march from Ramlila Maidan to Jantar Mantar demanding immediate passage of Jan Lokpal BillApril 5-9: Anna's first fast for Jan Lokpal Bill at Jantar Mantar, forcing govt to set up a joint drafting committee comprising ministers and Team Anna membersApril to July: Joint drafting committee fails to evolve an agreed draftAug 16-28: Anna's indefinite fast at Ramlila Maidan against the Bill introduced in Parliament evokes huge public response forcing Parliament to adopt a resolution promising to address his concernsOct 17: Team's first brush with politics; campaigns against Congress in Hisar LS byelectionDec 27-29: Anna holds fast at Azad Maidan in Mumbai; Lokpal debated in parliament; fast called off after poor crowd responseJuly 25 to Aug 3, 2012: Fast by Kejriwal ending in resolve to promote alternative politics as a strategy against corruptionAug 2: Anna drops hint that team members of his group will join poll frayAug 3: Kejriwal vows to uproot corrupt UPA-2Aug 6: Anna disbands Team saying group has outlived its utilitySept 17: Kejriwal says 76% people surveyed in a study favour activists forming a political partySept 18: Anna says politics won't deliver better future for people; asks anti-corruption activists to contact him in Ralegan Siddhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456275", "title": "'Roll back water cuts during Ganeshotsav'", "text": "NASHIK: A day after Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) announced that water cuts in the city would continue, group leaders of all parties in the civic body asked mayor Yatin Wagh on Tuesday to roll back the cuts during Ganeshotsav.Following deficient rainfall in the catchment areas of Gangapur, Kashyapi and Gautami dams, the NMC had on Monday decided to continue with the present water cuts in its jurisdiction until water levels in the dams increase.Group leaders of all the parties-Shiv Sena group leader Ajay Boraste, Congress leader Laxman Jaybhave, BJP leader Sambhaji Moruskar, NCP's Vinayak Khaire and MNS's Sujata Dere-and leader of opposition Sudhakar Badgujar ( Shiv Sena ) met Wagh and urged him to roll back the water cuts at least during Ganeshotsav.Wagh said the decision to continue the water cuts was taken following a review of the water situation in the dams. He said the present water cuts could not be cancelled looking at the water levels.The issue of relaxing the water cuts during Ganeshotsav will be discussed with municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare shortly and a decision will be taken thereafter.Boraste said, \"Residents have been facing 50% water cuts for the last three months despite a 20% cut being announced. The Gangapur dam, the main source of drinking water for Nashik, has been filled up to 84%. Hence, water cuts should be rolled back during the festive time.\"Till Wednesday, water level at Gangapur dam is 4,712 million cubic feet (mcft), which is 84%. The water level at Kashyapi dam is 1128 mcft, which is 60.90% of the total capacity, while the water level at Gautami dam is 1104 mcft i.e. 58.62%. The total capacity of all the three dams is nearly 9,000 mcft. Of which, the present water reservoirs are around 74% i.e. 6,944 mcft.Last year, NMC's reservation in Gangapur dam was 4,700 mcft. This year, the NMC has asked the irrigation department to reserve 5,200 mcft water in the dam. A meeting of district collector Vilas Patil and district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal in this regard is to be held in October.The NMC has already imposed 15%-20% water cuts in the city's six divisions that fall under the NMC jurisdiction from June 19. A water cut of 15% has been imposed in Cidco and Satpur divisions, while 20% in Nashik (E), Nashik (W), Nashik Road and Panchavati divisions. Water is being supplied only once a day in all the six divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16461918", "title": "High court orders reopening of liquor shops and bars in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court has directed all liquor shops and bars, closed earlier, having licences acquired before March 18, 2005, to reopen.Justice Ujjal Bhuyan in an interim order passed on Tuesday ordered reopening of bars here and directed the Assam government to submit a report of the administrative inquiry into grant of permission to liquor shops and bars by officials who violated norms.The order came after a high power committee formed by the state government to inquire into granting of liquor licenses and loss of employment and state revenue suggested that bars and wine shops having licences before March 18, 2005, may be allowed to reopen as the distance restriction of 500 metres was introduced only on that day.A petition was filed by the All Assam India Made Foreign Liquor Retailers' Association pleading modification of an earlier order by the court passed on July 9 directing closure of all liquor shops and bars within a radius of 500 metres of educational institutions and religious places.The high court had passed another order on August 24 allowing reopening of bars and liquor shops, which were granted licenses till March 13, 2000.There are 303 liquour shops and 128 bars in the city and following the latest order, about 22 liquor shops will still remain closed.The next date of hearing in the case was fixed on November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16457300", "title": "Children find laptop, hand it over to police", "text": "KOCHI: The last thing that you would expect to find by the roadside is a laptop but these brothers, Alphonse and Atul Varghese, and their friend Bristo Raj decided to take a closer look when they found a laptop bag at the grounds near the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) on Tuesday evening.The first thought that came to their mind was whether it was a laptop or a bomb. They opened the bag reluctantly and found a laptop inside. Being children of the electronic age, they didn't find any difficulty in opening it.They found that the owner had downloaded many games and movies.Though they did not have a laptop at home, none of them had any doubts about what to do with it. They walked to the nearby Janamaithri police station in Kadavanthra and told cops that they want to meet sub inspector Anil George.George said the children were not scared about approaching the police. \"The children are residents of GCDA quarters and are familiar with the locality.Alphonse and Atul are class III and class VI students of St Joseph's UP School while Bristo Raj, their neighbour, is a class VII student in St Augustine UP School. Police said they had passed the information to all police stations and nobody has claimed the laptop so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457683", "title": "Hospital staffers held for selling newborn in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Two Victoria Hospital employees were arrested on Tuesday while trying to sell a three-day-old infant to a citybased childless couple outside the hospital.The accused were Rita Henry Moses, 50, of Pooja Layout in Ramamurthynagar and Basavaraj Tippe Gowda, 44, of Beereshwaranagar, on Kanakapura Main Road. Rita is a Group D employee attached to the resident medical officer,while Basavaraj is a lab technician. Police told TOI that Rita approached an unwed pregnant woman when she had come to the hospital for an abortion.\"Rita asked the woman not to abort the child and promised to get her some good amount by selling the child. The woman agreed and Rita approached the childless couple,\" they said. The couple had orally agreed to pay Rita Rs 1 lakh for the child. \"Acting on a tip-off, we arrested them,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16455576", "title": "Public-private partnership projects thrive in Gujarat, says UK review", "text": "LONDON: Terming the Gujarat government as \"fiscally credible\", a two-year review of the Indian infrastructure sector conducted by London's financial district lauds the state's performance in implementing public-private partnership (PPP) projects.The review by the City of London, released last evening during a seminar on India, said that the legal framework for PPP in the state is \"solid\", and that the Gujarat Infrastructure Development Act (1999) sets a \"comprehensive framework\" for a variety of projects.During the seminar attended by leading lights of India's business and financial sectors, development in Gujarat was described as \"amazing\" by Nasser Munjee, Chairman of Development Credit Bank .The City of London refers to a small part of London and often stands for the UK's financial services industry. The City has an office in Mumbai to strengthen trade and investment links between India and the UK.The Gujarat Infrastructure Development Board (GIDB) oversees PPP projects and provides a \"relatively high standard of expertise and judgment\", the review said.\"Institutionally, Gujarat has a strong system, with a clear delineation of responsibilities between the GIDB, and the line departments of procuring government agencies. The technical expertise of GIDB is also adjudged to be high,\" it added.The GIDB provides a fair and clear mechanism for the selection of concessionaires, and \"in practice, this system typically works well\", the review said.\"In terms of financing, Gujarat is in a strong position, having emerged as a top investment destination in India; the government is also fiscally credible, meaning that payment risk is considered very low,\" it said.The Gujarat State Guarantee Redemption Fund (initiated in 2010) acts as a cushion for contingent liabilities arising out of state guarantees, the review adds, and quotes a recent report of the Asian Development Bank that the state is the \"best destination\" in India for PPP projects.Overall, the review for the years 2010-2012 concludes that while India's PPP framework has improved, further coordination at a central level is needed, \"as well as improvement to governance capabilities for infrastructure projects across India if it is to meet its infrastructure development target\". PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16459991", "title": "Cops end stir after promotion bait", "text": "RANCHI: The government has managed to break the deadlock with police who were planning to go on a six-day mass leave to protest against the alleged indifferent attitude of the state's home department towards their welfare and promotion.The policemen's strike was called off on Tuesday after the home department announced that all personnel awaiting promotions would be elevated within 12 days. Hundreds of inspectors who are over 55 and awaiting promotion as DSPs would also get it.The assurances were given to the Jharkhand Police Association (JPA) and the Jharkhand Police Men's Association (JPMA) by principal home secretary J B Tubid. After the assurances, the proposed mass leave of 70,000 men in khaki, the entire police force of Jharkhand till inspector, has been withdrawn. The home department has already sent the proposals to the finance department for its approval.JPA president Sunil Kumar said the Jharkhand Police Rules 2012, which say that 55-year-old inspectors would not be promoted as DSPs, were put on hold. \"It has cleared the way for the promotion of hundreds of inspectors,\" said Kumar. The home department has said it will be applicable to sub-inspectors promoted as inspectors till 1994. The government would clear pending promotions before September 30.The decisions by the home department were taken after 70,000 policemen threatened to go on mass leave from September 19.At a press conference, the JPA and JPMA members said now policemen, including inspectors, would get 15% of their basic salary as operational risk and hardship duty allowance. \"A monthly sum of Rs 600 will be given to policemen in assistant sub-inspectors to inspector ranks as motorcycle allowance,\" said JPA general secretary Kamal Kishore.In place of Rs 612, Rs 1,000 monthly allowance would be given to policemen in the ranks of constables to inspectors as ration allowance. Constables and head constables would be given Rs 4,000 annually as dress allowance as against Rs 3,000 earlier. They would get Rs 300 monthly as driving allowance. Against Rs 20 earlier, constables would be given Rs 200 per month as armour allowance and head constables would get Rs 400 every month as against Rs 40. Police commandos would get Rs 200 monthly, head constables Rs 300 and assistant sub-inspectors Rs 400 as commando allowance, a press release of JPA said.A meeting of JPA and JPMA was held with Tubid, Jharkhand DGP G S Rath, ADG Reji Dungdung, and Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan on Tuesday.JPMA president Akhileshwar Singh said, \"Police stations in the state would also be upgraded soon. A high level committee, to be formed soon, would identify such police stations. The decision will be taken before December 31.\"The demand of the police association to create new posts has also been agreed. A high level committee would take decisions in this regard. It has been agreed that in wireless service, assistant sub-inspectors would get Rs 5,000 and Rs 8,000 as salaries. A committee would clear it by December 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16460257", "title": "Mamata's exit from UPA: Congress core group meets to discuss fallout", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Trinamool Congress decided to withdraw support to UPA, the Congress top brass was on Wednesday huddled in a meeting with party president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh deliberating over the strategy ahead.The meeting of the Congress core group chaired by Gandhi at the Prime Minister's residence deliberated at length on the political scenario after Mamata Banerjee's announcement of withdrawing support to the government.Minutes before the core group meeting began, the Prime Minister held confabulation with deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia.There have been indications from the party earlier that they should be \"ready to bite the bullet\" as reforms are necessary at this juncture.Trinamool Congress on Tuesday decided to withdraw its ministers from the Union government and its support.The second biggest constituent of the UPA with 19 members in Lok Sabha said the party could reconsider its stand if the government rolls back its decisions on FDI, raised the cap on subsidised LPG from six to 12 cylinders besides reducing diesel hike from Rs 5 by Rs 3 or Rs 4.\"We are withdrawing our support... Our ministers will go to Delhi, meet the Prime Minister and tender their resignations at 3pm on Friday,\" the TMC chief and West Bengal chief minister had said.Immediately after the Trinamool's announcement, Digvijay Singh tweeted, \"FDI decision was taken in national interest fulling knowing its political fallout and I hope the government will stand firm as it did on the nuclear deal.\"If the Trinamool Congress goes ahead with its decision to withdraw support, the UPA will be reduced to 251, 21 short of the majority mark of 272 in the 545-member Lok Sabha.However, with the support of outside allies--Samajwadi Party (22), BSP (21) and some others-- the government is still comfortably placed with the support of over 300 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460637", "title": "State inks pact with PTC for 400 MW power", "text": "BHOPAL: The MP Power Management Company Limited and Power Trading Corporation (PTC) signed a medium-term agreement for purchase of 400 MW power. As per the agreement, the state will get 400 MW power from October this year to March 2014.The agreement was signed in the presence of energy minister Rajendra Shukla. The agreement was signed by executive director of state power management company Rajesh Mehta and director finance , PTC Deepak Amitabh.State power management company managing director Manu Shrivastava later informed that the power would be received at minimum tariff on the basis of competitive bidding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456792", "title": "College student run over by train near Avadi", "text": "CHENNAI: A first year B.Com student of Presidency College was run over by a suburban train at Thirumullaivoyal near Avadi on Tuesday.Tamilvanan, 18, who stayed with his uncle in Cholambedu village near Thirumullaivoyal, had gone to buy some essentials for the Vinayaka Chathurthi celebrations when the accident happened. The train was on its way to Tiruvallur from Central. Tamilvanan and his brother Rajendran were being taken care of by their uncle after their parents died a few years ago.People who were present at the spot said Tamilvanan may have got stuck on the tracks while he was trying to cross. The Perambur railway police rushed to the spot and sent Tamilvanan's body to the Government General Hospital for autopsy. Police have registered a case and are investigating.Police are trying to find out if Tamilvanan was talking on his mobile phone while crossing the railway tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16458313", "title": "Tehsildar held for taking bribe gets PCR", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Teshildar Varunkumar Sahare, who was caught red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000, was remanded into police custody for one day on Tuesday.Sleuths of Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) had arrested Sahare and his aide Rakesh Mishra for taking bribe from a fair price shop owner in tehsil office on Monday. Accused duo was produced before the court in the afternoon. After hearing the both the sides, the court remanded Sahare into police custody for one day, while Mishra was sent into MCR for 15 days, said Dy SP, ACB, Rajesh Sirsat.He claimed that search has been carried out at Sahare's residence in Nagpur. ACB is checking the bank statements and lockers of Sahare after which a detailed report would be submitted to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460875", "title": "Diwana Diwani's mahurat", "text": "The muharat of Ashok Pati's next directorial venture Diwana Diwani was recently held at a private hotel in Bhubaneswar.The film stars Babusaan and Madhumita as the leads. According to Ashok Pati, the film is a love story with a twist. \"My film tells the tale of Banya (Madhumita) and Sanju (Babusaan). I know there is no dearth of love stories in Ollywood, but, through my film, the Odia audience will get the taste of a different kind of love.\" Our lensman spotted actors Babusaan, Uttam Mohanty, Mihir Das, Pinky Pradhan, Debasish, Pritiraj, Pintu Nanda and music director Prashant Padhee at the event. However, Madhumita couldn't make to the party due to prior commitments. The film is scheduled to go on the floors from October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16458057", "title": "Man gets life term for killing wife, one-year-old daughter in Haryana", "text": "SIRSA: The district and sessions judge (D&SJ;) announced life sentence for a man who killed his wife and one-year-old daughter by pushing them into the Bhakra canal.While giving the judgment, Suhbhash Goyal, D&SJ; sent to Shera Singh, the convict to jail after pronouncing the quantum of sentence in an open court on Monday.The incident occurred on December 25, 2010 when Shera Singh pushed his wife Kuldeep Kaur and daughters Saravjeet Kaur and Preet Kaur in the canal passing through Maujgarh village of Dabwali sub division.According to prosecution, Shera did this to get rid of wife and family due to family dispute. He took them to Bhakra canal on the pretext of having picnic.When trio (all victims) were standing near the bank of Bhakra canal, he pushed them into fast-flowing water and fled from the spot.He was spotted doing the act by some villagers, who were taking bath, near the spot. They (villagers) launched a rescue operation, but could save only Sarvjeet Kaur, out of three. Kuldeep Kaur and one-year-old Preet swept away with fast current of water. Their bodies were recovered after three days.Meanwhile, villagers informed police and Shera was booked and arrested in an attempt to murder case. Later murder charges were proved after the bodies of Kuldeep Kaur and Preet were recovered, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456584", "title": "BJP to demand special session of Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Emboldened by Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's announcement on Tuesday that her party will withdraw support from the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre on Friday, main Opposition BJP is likely to demand for a Special Session of Parliament at the earliest.BJP leaders are likely to meet President Pranab Mukherjee on September 21, and will urge him to convene a Special Session of Parliament.The saffron outfit will cite the pullout of UPA's biggest ally Trinamool Congress from the government, reducing it to a minority, as the reason to call the Special Session of Parliament. Trinamool has six ministers in the ruling coalition, and 19 MPs in the Lok Sabha. BJP may even consider bringing a no-confidence motion against the government.Speaking to reporters after Banerjee's announcement in Kolkata, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"We will discuss whether a Special Session of Parliament can be called. Now, it is a Congress government and not that of allies.\"In his first reaction to her decision to pull out senior BJP leader and NDA chairperson L K Advani said, \"the disintegration of the government has started, it is only a matter of time before the government collapses.\"BJP is of the view that the Manmohan Singh government is unlikely to complete its full term till 2004. \"The countdown for the UPA government at the Centre has begun. Congress is arrogant and takes its allies for granted. Pranab Mukherjee (as finance minister ) had told the Lok Sabha that there will be no decision (on FDI in retail) without consensus, but they did not bother to discuss even with their allies,\" said Prasad, after a meeting at Advani's residence, on Tuesday evening.In agreement with Trinamool chief, Prasad said, \"Mamataji rightly said that this (FDI in retail) was done to divert attention from coalgate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457770", "title": "Five-year-old lone survivor of 17-member family", "text": "JAIPUR: The residents of Devdar village in Sirohi district had always seen the ill-fated Prajapat family together in all moments of happiness and sorrow. On Tuesday, they were stunned to see that the family was united even in death.The residents are yet to come to terms with the loss of the entire Prajapat family headed by 65-year-old Pekaram Prajapat in an accident near Sumerpur in Pali district on Tuesday.Pekaram had left for a pilgrimage with his wife, his three sons, their wives and their children from their home on Monday morning. They were about 20 people including six children. They were to return home in the evening after attending a religious fair being held at Sonana Khetala Ji temple near Sumerpur.\"He (Pekaram) used to participate in the fair with his family almost every year as he believed that it was his duty to pay gratitude for the fact that the god's blessings had kept the entire family united. It is an irony to know that they were united even in death,\" said Narayan Singh, a member of the Devdar panchayat samiti.A pall of gloom descended over entire the village when the news of almost a joint family being wiped out in an accident reached the local residents.\"No one had dinner on Tuesday night. The news spread like wildfire. As soon as the villagers came to know about the tragedy, they left work and rushed to the accident spot, which was some 50 kilometers from the village. No one will ever be able to forget it,\" said Singh in a chocked voice.Villagers rushed to the two hospitals in Sumerpur area where the bodies were kept for formal identification and post-mortem. \"There was no one from the family to identify the deceased, the administration sought help of villagers. The identification could be done by late evening,\" said Singh.The anger of the villagers boiled up when they saw the bodies of the family members lying scattered on the road. They blocked the road for almost five hours.\"Only a five-year old boy, Praveen, survived. He is admitted in a hospital in Sumerpur. He is unconscious. We don't have courage to tell him that his entire family is gone when he gains consciousness,\" said Singh.\"Three of Pekaram's sons worked at a brick manufacturing unit outside the village. The news of their death has come a big shock for the whole village as the family members used to actively participate in the social functions,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455577", "title": "High court forbids sale of meat during Paryushan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A single-judge bench of the Gujarat high court on Tuesday permitted sale of chicken and fish during Paryushan, but a division bench cancelled the order late in the evening.After the Supreme Court order in 2008 banning slaughter of animals during the Jain festivals to respect sentiments of the religious minority, the state government issued notification directing the civic bodies across the state to close slaughter houses and meat shops.Accordingly, a communique was issued on August 17 with prohibitory orders. This was implemented by the Vapi municipality by issuance of a circular on September 6 and banning slaughtering of animals and sale of meat during Paryushan.The chicken and fish traders including Anvarhusein Bulekha moved the high court contending that the authorities did not have powers to pass such prohibitory orders on sale of meat, chicken and fish.Justice R M Chhaya admitted the petition and passed an interim order granting permission to the traders to sell chicken, fish and meat that are in stock, but the court made it clear that slaughtering cannot be permitted. After giving permission for sale of chicken and fish in Vapi, the court kept final hearing on October 28, said petitioner's counsel.Within hours, the municipality rushed before a division bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala against the single judge's order. The hearing on the municipality's appeal took place in CJ's chamber and lasted till 8 pm. After hearing the municipality and the petitioner, the division bench quashed the interim order.While cancelling the permission for sale of meat, chicken and fish stock granted by the single judge's order, the division bench said that if the sale is permitted during the Jain festival, the very object of prohibition will be frustrated.The division bench also made it clear that its order and observation may not be taken into consideration, when the single-judge bench will take up the issue for final hearing, said prosecutor Jirga Jhaveri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458808", "title": "Fake notes: 2 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: The duo got no consignments from any foreign country but still managed to pump in fake currency into the capital. When they were arrested on Monday, cops were amazed to find a factory printing fake currencies in Shalimar Garden.Cops have seized the computer, printers, scanners and dyes of Mahatama Gandhi's picture and different colour cartridges with injections to fill in colours to be used on the notes. Cops also seized fake 100 and 50 notes of face value 1,43,000.\"The accused circulated the notes in small markets like Lajpat Nagar. They have been identified as Harendra (26), a resident of Krishna Nagar in Delhi, and Sanjay Sharma (39), a resident of Ghaziabad,\" Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP, southeast, said.On September 17, sub-inspector Om Prakash received a tip-off regarding circulation of fake Indian currency notes in Central Market in Lajpat Nagar. This information was further developed and a team nabbed Harendra with fake currency on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457531", "title": "Karnataka stitches together Cauvery defence", "text": "BANGALORE: With both Karnataka and Tamil Nadu bracing to face the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Wednesday, the state has listed its explanation on why it is not possible to release Cauvery water to neighbouring Tamil Nadu.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, before leaving for the national capital, met external affairs minister SM Krishna at his residence in Sadashivanagar and discussed issues relating to Cauvery. Some arguments Karnataka is expected to shore upMonsoon effectSouthwest monsoon will end in 15 days Tamil Nadu will benefit from northeast monsoon from Oct to Dec Inflows to reservoirs across Karnataka will reduce sharply Standing crops in Karnataka on 10.8 lakh acres will suffer severely Premature release of water from reservoirs will cause irreparable injury to Karnataka Assessing ground realities in both states, only distress sharing formula will work Assessment of water release may be considered by CRA by October-end Release from Karnataka cannot be retrieved Live storage of 44 tmcft in Mettur will take care of samba crop for next 45 days Improvement in inflow during Oct makes good shortage up to Sept Ground realities need to be assessed at the appropriate time, by October-endCrops in TNKuruvai cultivation has not suffered Tribunal has permitted 1,85,100 acres of kuruvai crop in TN with utilization of 32.27 tmcft TN has released 13.9 tmcft from Mettur reservoir for kuruvai irrigation In July, TN ordered threephase power supply for 12 hours per day to 80,000 pumpsets in delta areas to ensure kuruvai cultivation with groundwater It is learnt that in July, the area was 87,000 acres and cultivation will now go up by 50,000 acres. Hence, Tamil Nadu contention that entire kuruvai crop is lost is not true", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459605", "title": "Student leadership workshop at Acropolis", "text": "INDORE: National Entrepreneurship Network (NEN) in association with Acropolis Institute of Technology and Research (AITR) organized a two-day 'Student Leadership Workshop' at AITR Campus. The session was attended by shortlisted students from leading educational institutions in Indore. The students were educated about how to start and run an 'entrepreneurship cell' on campus. They were exposed to various areas of leadership including managing teams, creating a successful entrepreneurial ecosystem on campus, generating business ideas from current problems and organizing events.A part of series of 10 workshops being run across the country, this session aimed at equipping high performing students with essential skills to establish entrepreneurship programmes on campus. The session was led by manager consulting Vishnu Priya, and co-led by consultant, NEN (Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat) Marlina Ramchandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455652", "title": "Hollywood turns pilgrimage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi festival, all roads led to the city's 'Hollywood' located in the Gulbai Tekra area where devotees made a beeline to take home their idol of Lord Ganpati for Ganesh Chaturthi on Wednesday.Reverence for the Lord spilled on to the roads as hundreds of idols were lined along both sides of the Panjrapol road with devotees taking their Lord home in tempos, trucks, cars and bikes\"We bring Bappa home every year, as our entire family is devoted to Lord Ganesh. We are extremely happy and excited to have our Bappa this year. This is the most religious time of the year for us,\" said Shreya Padukone, a student of 12th Science.True festive spirit was seen on the eve of the festival as people bought Ganesha idols to take home for the 'Ganesh Sthapan'. Many groups of young men were seen dancing and singing to the 'Dhol\" beats. As trucks and jeep full of people came to take their 'Bappa\" shouts of Ganpati Bappa Moriya filled the air.Manisha Shah who was at the market to buy her idol said,\" As clay is eco friendly and I do not want to spoil the environment, I have purchased a clay idol even though clay is more expensive than the plaster idols.\"Idol makers said that Ganpati idols of average size range from Rs.2000 to Rs.14000. \"Since idols made of clay are not very sturdy, we have made idols made of 50% clay and 50% POP\", an idol seller Amar Marwadi said.\"We have been making these idols for the past two months and the colour work has taken us 15 days. We have been working day and night to finish this job\", said Prakash Bhati whose entire family is involved in the making of these idols. The idols of his shop are 10 to 12 feet tall and range anywhere between Rs.25000 to Rs.40000.Another matter of concern for many of these idol makers is the government's decision to ban POP idols earlier and then lifting it at the last moment. Like Bhagwanbhai and Ganeshbhai who made all their idols out of 100% clay, adhering to the government rules. Now they say,\" We are stuck. Buyers are not ready to buy clay idols since they want long lasting ones. Out of the total 12 idols we made, only one is sold till now.\" And we have been making it for the past four months leaving behind all other jobs.\"Meanwhile in the miniature market of Ramdevnagar slums also, buyers came to grab their idols. Ratanben who has a cart full of idols says,\" We send idols to the markets in Surat and Rajkot. I have idols in the range of Rs.300 to Rs 1500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16449800", "title": "After a successful stint in London, it's raining endorsements for Indian Olympians", "text": "They came, they won medals and now they are grabbing endorsement offers. As Saina Nehwal hit the birdie by bagging more endorsement deals, pugilist Mary Kom is letting her power packed punches work wonders in garnering endorsements in her kitty with grappler Sushil Kumar adding more brand power.Other Olympic medalists Gagan Narang, Vijay Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt are being considered for brand endorsement which suit their personalities. This is just an attempt to carry forward the endorsement moves after India's success at the Beijing Olympics 2008.Industry experts feel, sports, is getting its due on ad space as compared to a couple of years ago. There is optimism in the air so far as roping in sportspersons as celebn endorsers are concerned.Harish Krishnamachar, senior VP of a sports management firm, says, \"The London success has helped. What is more important to notice is that athletes and sportspersons who had hit the bulls eye during this Olympics have been consistent performers and their cumulative success culminated at London.\"In terms of who struck a golden deal, the industry feels it would not be reasonable to compare the endorsement earnings of athletes to that of cricketers in India just yet. \"The index should not be cricket.The ideal measure should be what one sport used to get and what the same sport is now getting. It is a market that is growing,\" says Krishnamachar.With sports in India getting popular and sportspersons like Mary Kom, Sushil Kumar, Saina Nehwal et al gaining popularity, vying for a fair share in the endorsement pie doesn't look difficult.What makes the game interesting is the fact that there is competition not only from cricket but also from younger crop of Bollywood hotties pushing their envelopes.Neerav Tomar, MD &amp; CEO of a sports and entertainment firm, says, \"People have started realizing that there is something more than cricket. Beijing Olympics was definitely a gamechanger. In addition, India's performance at the Olympics has been improving.And the number of eyeballs for the event have been huge. This enabled the athletes getting the required visibility.\"At the same time, brands, are carefully measuring the brand fit before signing up an endorser. \"It all depends on the brand positioning strategy,\" says Tomar who adds, \"Mary Kom with her non cricketing frontrunner image has positioned herself in a unique way.While Yogeshwar (Dutt) finds a fit in skill development areas and rural oriented products, Gagan Narang is being considered for upmarket products.\"There is no denying the fact that the Olympic success has managed to create buzz in the market. Indraneil Das Blah, COO, of an entertainment management firm says, \"Saina and Mary Kom became the two major beneficiaries owing to the inspirational stories that they have, which brands are looking for.There is a lot of buzz surrounding Saina and Mary because of the kind of sports they are involved with \u2014 boxing and badminton (interesting sports).\"At the same time, many feel advertisers are cashing in on the momentum factor now. Bunty Sajdeh, CEO of a sports and entertainment management company says, \"Everyone is trying to strike the iron when it is hot. But it helps the motto of differentiated marketing though.\"While the Olympians' life story adds more enigma to the whole affair, how strong will the brand recall be, is a question that the ad space is going to answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457620", "title": "Explain ban on meat sale, HC tells state", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Why ban sale of meat on some days? Not all festivals are celebrated by all religions and communities.'' This forms the crux of a petition in the Karnataka high court challenging the circulars banning sale of meat on specific dates.The high court on Tuesday ordered notice to the urban development department and the Mangalore city corporation in this regard. Justice Ram Mohan Reddy asked the state government to specify the source of power for issuing such a circular.While the government issued the circular on Jan.25, 2012, Mangalore corporation issued one on Sept. 7, 2012. Shetty, MD of a Mangalore based company involved in the business of rearing of chicken and selling it, said: \"Festivals like Ganesha and Krishna Ashtami are those of one community. Likewise, Buddha Purnima may be sacred to Buddhists and Mahavira Jayanti to the Jains.But these festivals are not celebrated by all communities and religions. Imposing a total ban of meat sale on all communities/religions is nothing but curtailing fundamental rights by way of unreasonable restrictions. The preamble of our Constitution provides for a secular state and, therefore, the state is duty-bound to protect and uphold the ideals of the Constitution.'' The petitioner also stated that there is no restriction on non-vegetarian hotels on sale of meat on the banned or notified days.Directive to state on rosterJustice Ram Mohan Reddy has asked the government to furnish by Friday the roster chart relating to reservation for mayor/deputy mayor posts of all city corporations, including Bangalore. Ravindra Kumar, a corporator from Mysore, has challenged the Feb. 25, 2012 government notification claiming that Scheduled Castes have been given representation twice overlooking the interest of Scheduled Tribes, since 2005 when the rotation started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456915", "title": "Pakistani woman acquitted in fake notes case pleads guilty, gets 2 years in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: A Pakistani woman set free by a CBI court for smuggling in foreign currency was put behind bars after she confessed to the crime before another court.On April 13, a CBI court acquitted Rashida Ali and said she had \"by no stretch of imagination\" handed over the money to the other accused. On September 3, Rashida was sentenced to two years' rigorous imprisonment (RI) by a magistrate court after she confessed to smuggling in the fake notes during the trial in the case filed against her by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI). Sources said the CBI will file an appeal against her acquittal.The case dates back to December 22, 2009 when the DRI arrested two Indians-Naresh Sachdeva and Chander Kanta-from Andheri railway station and recovered Rs 18 lakh in counterfeit notes from them. The DRI later arrested Rashida who had arrived from Karachi the same day and had delivered two bags containing the notes. The three were booked under the Customs Act for smuggling in prohibited items. The DRI also referred the case to the CBI as it involved counterfeit currency trading and forgery.According to CBI, Rashida, on instructions from one Karachi-based Aslambhai, came to Mumbai and stayed at one Yusufbhai Somalia's house. She called Naresh from a SIM card provided by a dealer, Taslim Somaliya, and from two public telephones. Judge K D Boche said that CBI did not recover the cellphone from which Rashida had made the call and the statements of the telephone booth owners were not conclusive.The judge said the CBI did not gather any evidence from the airline about the number of bags Rashida had carried from Pakistan. and their weight.\"There are reference to calls from Rashida to Aslambhai about delivery of Indian currency notes to Kanta and Sachdeva but no conversations has been brought on record,\" said the judge, adding, \"The witnesses identified the bags nobody said that they saw Rashida handing over these bags to the duo. Judge said CBI failed to establish nexus between Rashida and them.\" The court held Sachdeva and Kanta guilty. They were sentenced to five years' RI and fined Rs 5,000 each. DRI's trial against them is pending in the court. The CBI had named two others, Mandeep Kaur , who was lodged in Tihar jailand Rajeev Agarwal, as accused but to prove that they were also part of the conspiracy. CBI alleged that she spoke from several mobile numbers to Aslimbhai, Sachdeva and Kanta. Rajeev Agarwal and Sachdeva used to visit Kaur in jail, CBI said. After examining the jail authorities and other evidence, judge said that CBI failed to prove the conspiracy charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16456495", "title": "Howrah traffic speed doubles in a year", "text": "HOWRAH: Commuting time in Howrah has halved following realignment of vehicle movement, removal of encroachments and enforcement of traffic discipline.From Bally, it now takes 30-45 minutes to travel to Bakultala against 60-90 minutes a year ago. The travel time from West Bank Hospital on Andul Road to Howrah Maidan is now 10-15 minutes, down from 30 minutes.A year after the commissionerate was set up in Howrah, effective policing has made a big difference to traffic. Harimohan Bose Road near Howrah station and Duke Road in Shibpur that were encroached for years, have been cleared of garbage dumps and hutments and are now open to traffic.Buses and trucks bound for Andul, Vidyasagar Setu and Kona Expressway that currently ply through the narrow K C Dutta Road causing major traffic snarls, will be directed to Grand Foreshore Road once traffic signals are installed. That should be done within a month.Also, buses bound for Betaitala, Andul Road and Digha are being diverted to Duke Road to reduce traffic snarls. Congestion at Howrah Maidan has considerably reduced by diverting buses that terminate there through I C Bose Road and Harimohan Bose Road.Once Grand Foreshore Road opens to two-way traffic, it will considerably reduce traffic flow at Burn Standard crossing, where Nityadhan Mukherjee Road, Telkol Ghat Road, K C Dutta Road and Rishi Bankim Road intersect. This crossing, located in the heart of Howrah, is accident prone as heavy traffic jostles for space with pedestrians bound for Howrah district hospital, Howrah district court, commissionerate head office and Mangla haat located in the vicinity.Also, the Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation is financing a 70-metre stretch of road connecting Duke Road with Coal Depot. This will take 250-300 trucks off other roads in the belt. \"Average vehicular speed on G T Road has increased from 10 kmph to 40 kmph. Speed will increase further in future,\" said Howrah Police DC (traffic) Akhilesh Chaturvedi.In the past year, 2.18 lakh drivers have been slapped with notices for traffic violation, generating fine of Rs 8 crore. \"The initiative to increase traffic speed will continue and we will decisively act in many more areas,\" he said.The first thing that Howrah police did after it turned into a commissionerate was to regulate the flow of heavy trucks at Pilkhana, Salkia, Ghusuri and Bally, banning roadside parking. Though its attempt to discipline autorickshaws and cycle rickshaws has met with limited success due to political interference, the decongestion due to regulation of heavy vehicles has considerably eased traffic flow from north Kolkata to Howrah Bridge, as well as Second Hooghly Bridge. Approximately, 1,100-1,300 buses and 600 trucks ply through Howrah daily.Several intersections like Kazipara crossing, Mullick Phatak, Betaitola intersection, Bakultala, Salkia Chowrasta and Belur Bazaar have been brought into the signal system with Howrah police spending over Rs 50 lakh on the initiative. Several more like Shanpur crossing, Banstola intersection, 27A Point on Bankim Setu, Coal Depot and Sammilani Park in Salkia will be brought under the traffic signal network.Howrah Police has recruited 1,000 volunteers to help regulate traffic. CCTVs have been installed at major intersections to keep a tab on traffic flow from a control room. More CCTVs on Foreshore Road, Kona Expressway and G T Road are on the anvil.Howrah police commissioner Ajey Mukund Ranade said his force would continue to plan and innovate to ensure traffic flow that is necessary to ensure Howrah's future growth. Howrah commissionerate covers more than 98 sq km, of which only 2% is roads. Construction of residential highrises and opening of a mega mall in the twin city has led to a spurt in vehicle count.\"Congestion was affecting Howrah's industrial graph. With the improvement of the traffic system, there are signs of Howrah's industrial regeneration,\" added Howrah Manufacturers and Traders' Association president Asit Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456895", "title": "Air India pilot grounded for flying with expired licence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has grounded Air India pilot, Abjesh Prasad, after he was caught flying on the international sector with an expired licence last month.DGCA's preliminary investigation has revealed that the pilot's licence had expired on 22 August, but he continued to fly on both domestic and international sector for more than a week. Prasad's luck ran out on 31 August when he was flying on the AI-962 (Calicut-Jeddah) route.International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) rules stipulate that in case a pilot is found flying with an expired licence, then the airline can be barred from operating. \"It is sheer luck that the pilot was not caught with an expired licence in the US or a European country. The outcome would have been horrifying for both the pilot and the airline,\" said a senior aviation ministry official.DGCA is planning to take strict action against Prasad for the goof-up. Aviation regulator sources said that licence will be renewed if the pilot clears all the mandatory norms.The incident exposes A-I's callous attitude in operating international flights. \"Ideally, the airline should not have rostered the pilot for the flight. It seems the department was unaware of the status of his licence,\" said an official.A pilot has to undergo medical check-up and other training drills like simulator and route checks before getting a renewed licence from DGCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16457674", "title": "'Jawans, faujis must be aware of govt schemes'", "text": "BICHOLIM: Retired military fauji captain Dattaram Sawant called upon all retired military jawans/faujis to unite and study the different schemes launched by the central and state government authorities for the welfare of their families.He was addressing a gathering at a special meeting of retired military personnel from Bicholim, Sattari and Pernem talukas held under his guidance at Bordem, Bicholim, recently.The meeting was attended by a large number of male and female retired military personnel. Superintendent P K Pitre, S D Sadhale, Jaisingh Sawant, N K Nutan Dattaram Gawas, Govind Sawant, sub-lieutenants Vilas Gawas, Pramila Bhaskar Chedichal, Namdev Shivram Ugvekar, HC Vilas Parab, Ratan K Gawas and Sitaram Pal were among those present.\"There are different schemes for the welfare of retired military personnel like free transport, free medical check-ups and many others, but most of them do not know about these and as such it is necessary to make them aware,\"said Sawant.Pitre and Sadhale told the crowd about new projects to be launched for the welfare of retired military personnel like the opening of a cooperative credit society to provide financial assistance to needy people and for the marriage of their daughters, aid to purchase taxis which may become a medium of earning their livelihood etc.Gawas said, \"The most important thing is to update the list of retired military people who live in Goa.\"Other issues pertaining to the welfare of the society were also discussed during the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458524", "title": "The Energy Research Institute study shows Pune's carbon footprint is rising", "text": "PUNE: The city's rapid urbanization with IT parks, manufacturing industries, educational institutes, malls and multiplexes has made its carbon footprint much higher than some other Indian cities, a study by New Delhi-based The Energy Research Institute (TERI).\"Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had appointed TERI to calculate the city's carbon footprint. Our study has concluded that the carbon footprint per person in Pune is on the higher side as compared to other cities. Rapid urbanization, industrialization and traffic have added to the emission levels in Pune. The PMC and city planners will have to work on a plan to tackle emission levels and reduce the carbon footprint,\" said a senior TERI official. The PMC is the first municipal body in India to have its own study on carbon footprint.The civic body had announced its intention to draw up the carbon footprint in the environment status report (ESR) for 2009-10. The report was submitted by TERI and the PMC had the institute to work on calculating city's carbon footprint. Compilation of the data, estimating carbon emissions, identifying areas in which the city authorities should undertake interventions to curb harmful gases is part of the exercise to map and offset the carbon footprint.The carbon inventory was carried out in the municipal limits. All urban activities within the administrative boundaries of the civic body were considered while estimating carbon emissions. The inventory included carbon emission from energy consumption, municipal waste disposal sites and sewage transport thorough pipelines.\"Pune has emerged as a major urban centre in the region. The population is on rise and it is no longer a peri-urban area and consumption levels are rising. We do not want to scare the administration and citizens with the report. But we can assess the situation and bring down consumption patterns with effective planning and implementation,\" said a TERI official, adding that the city's changing weather pattern can be co-related with carbon footprint.The report adds that the effect of extra carbon dioxide in the air used while burning fossil fuels like coal, natural gas or petrol/ diesel has increased overall global warming. Climate change is being felt in many ways like floods, heat waves, change in weather patterns and droughts. To reduce the load of more extreme weather, it is necessary to know how much fossil fuels are being burnt. The total carbon which individuals are responsible for is called carbon footprint.\"The report will help the city understand its current pattern of carbon emission in order to plan specific strategies and interventions to reduce it. The institute has suggested a plan to reduce carbon footprint. We will submit the report to the PMC next week and make a detail presentation,\" said Anjali Parasnis, associate director of the western region.The PMC's environment officer, Mangesh Dighe, said, \"Once TERI submits report to the PMC, the civic body will take action. Already the PMC has started a few initiatives like monitoring air pollution and use of environment friendly bulbs in some areas. The report will be shared and discussed with all stakeholders and action will be planned accordingly,\" said Dighe.Carbon footprint* Fossil energy consumed in Pune in residential, commercial, industrial, transportation, utilities and municipal services was accounted for to estimate the carbon emission* The effect of extra carbon dioxide in the air used while burning fossil fuels like coal, natural gas or petrol of diesel has increased global warming* Climate change is being felt in many ways like floods, heat waves and droughts* To reduce the load of more extreme weather, it is necessary to know how much fossil fuels are being burnt* Almost all urban activities use fossil fuels for energy requirements and there is need to record themWhat is Carbon Footprint?* Carbon footprint is the total quantum of carbon emissions of an individual or a household as a result of air travel, car travel, usage of electricity and other household appliances* It is the amount of greenhouse gases produced to directly and indirectly support human activities and is expressed in equivalent tonnes of carbon dioxide* It can be when we drive a car whose engine burns fuel that creates some CO2, depending on its fuel consumption and the driving distance. Use of electricity, oil, gas or coal can generate CO2. The production of the food and goods also emits some quantities of the gas.* Carbon footprint is the sum of all emissions of CO2 induced by our activities in a given time-frame. Usually a carbon footprint is calculated for the time period of a year. Carbon dioxide emissions are calculated on the fuel consumption.* The carbon footprint is primary and secondary. The primary footprint is a measure of our direct emissions of CO2 from the burning of fossil fuels including domestic energy consumption and transportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16459288", "title": "Bhansali loses his cool seeing a clean-shaven Ranveer!", "text": "Bhansali lost his cool seeing a clean-shaven Ranveer on the sets of Ram Leela, who plays a character with ample facial fuzzHe is not a director who is easily pleased,\" Ranveer Singh had told this paper about Sanjay Leela Bhansali . And yet, the actor landed on the sets of Ram Leela with a clean-shaven face. Needless to say, the absence of the beard that was required for his Gujarati Romeo role in the film, did not go down too well with SLB. In fact, sources from the sets witnessed, perhaps for the first time, a fight over facial fuzz.In a day and age, when most actors try their best to stay in character for the duration of a film - be it losing weight, getting a new hairstyle or going bald - what really provoked Ranveer to take out his shaving kit? According to sources, the actor wanted to go in for a look test for Ali Abbas Zafar's next film with Yash Raj Films, Gunday. While the 'test' went just fine, little did Ranveer know what awaited him on the sets of Ram Leela .\"Ranveer did not really imagine that this could be such a big issue. He went for the look test and thought he could just use prosthetics for Ram Leela. Using fake beards isn't new. And it would have been fine in a few days,\" said a source close to the film.But of course, 'fake' is not what the filmmaker had in mind. Bhansali, who had been pushing Ranveer to pick up a Gujarati accent and even learn 'dandiya' to make his character look original, lost his temper.\"There was a full blown fight on the sets. Bhansali really believes in Ranveer's talent and he was rather upset to see him clean-shaven. They had been working really hard for the past few months to get the character right,\" added the source.However, all was well after a while. With a nifty touch of the makeup artist, who ensured there was no break in continuity, all was forgotten. In fact, they shot for a very special song in the film.When contacted, the actor's manager denied the story. But then, we aren't surprised!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458389", "title": "Cops advance mandal immersions to Sept 29, relent later", "text": "NAGPUR: Most of the 1,025 Ganesh mandals across town are up in arms against the city police. This is because the cops have advanced the immersion by one day, to make it September 29. The mandals say all their plans made over the last few months have been ruined by this decision.Ashish Budoliya, organizer of Shri Santi Sarvajanik Ganesh Mandal on Central Avenue, under the jurisdiction of Tehsil police, said the police should have announced the immersion date earlier. \"This year, we have spent nearly Rs 1.25 lakh on the immersion preparations. Like every year, we had planned the immersion on the twelfth day, September 30. Three months ago, we had booked the lighting, horse chariots, music players and all other things,\" he said.Appealing to the police to extend the immersion date, Budoliya added that police should have informed them about the immersion date three months earlier. \"At least for this year, we should be allowed to immerse on the planned day,\" he said. Budoliya said they were told about the immersion date on Tuesday, when he was called to fill the form.Baba Maind, whose mandal has been winning the first prize, also supports Budoliya on this issue. \"I have filled the form on Tuesday but was not told about the immersion date. Police said they will let us know the next day. Besides loss of money, it will be tough for us to find people for lightning and other decorations on time,\" he said.In fact, sources said that some pandals are yet to get the immersion date.However, joint CP Sanjay Saxena told TOI that though they have passed orders for immersion on September 29, mandals who have already planned the procession for September 30 can send a request letter to their concerned police stations.\"Taking into account the traffic problems, we had passed the orders for immersion on the eleventh day. Now, in view of the problems faced by mandal organizers, we will allow immersion on two days. As per their convenience, mandal owners can choose between the two immersion dates,\" said Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457621", "title": "Special train between Varanasi-Guwahati", "text": "LUCKNOW: To accommodate the \"festival rush\" of passengers, railways will run a special train between Varanasi and Guwahati (train no. 25652/25653) for two trips. Train no. 25652 Varanasi-Guwahati weekly special will depart from Varanasi at 9.15 p.m. on September 23 and 30 (Sunday) to reach Guwahati at 11.10 p.m. the next day. On return, train no. 25653 will depart from Guwahati at 4.45 p.m on September 22 and 29 (Saturday) to reach Varanasi at 7.10 p.m. the next day.The train has an AC 2-tier coach, two AC 3-tier coaches, 12 sleeper coaches and two second class cum luggage van coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16460893", "title": "State approves over Rs 26000cr investment", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Tuesday approved over Rs 26,000 crore worth of investment proposal both in the public and private sector.The high level clearance authority (HLCA) chaired by chief minister Naveen Patnaik approved the proposals, which would create direct employment for more than 4,000 people, officials said. One of the proposals include Nalco's plan for a 0.5 mtpa smelter unit and a 1260 mw capacity captive power plant proposed to be set up in Sundergarh district at an estimated cost of Rs 16,345.89 crore. The project requires 2,500 acres of land and 50 cusecs of water to be provided from Hirakud reservoir, chief secretary Bijay Patnaik said. Nalco already has a coal block to meet the requirement, he said.The HLCA also cleared a HR coil plant of 2 mtpa capacity at Kalinga Nagar being proposed by Uttam Galva Steel Ltd. involving an investment of Rs 4,000 crore. A 750 mw gas-based power plant was also cleared by the meeting. The plant with an investment of Rs 2,876 crore has been proposed by Andhra Pradesh-based Odisha Power Consortium of VBC Group. It is planned to be established in Kendrapara district on 150 acres of land.Bhusan Steels Ltd's proposal for a 12 mtpa iron ore beneficiation plant and a 4 mtpa pelletisation plant in Keonjhar district were also approved. The Rs 1,280 crore investment proposal includes a slurry pipeline from Keonjhar to the company's steel unit site in Dhenkanal district.Other projects that were approved by the committee included Chennai-based Bharat Coal &amp; Chemicals Ltd's coal-based ammonia plant in Paradip at an investment of Rs 1,575 crore, an Energy Academy, the first of its kind in the state to produce manpower for the energy sector, in Ganjam district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458447", "title": "Day-3: Nagpur Municipal Corporation seizes 286 PoP idols; FIR against Chitar Oli sellers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) continued its drive for the third day and seized 286 PoP idols without the mandatory red mark on the back. NMC also registered an FIR against some idols sellers who reportedly obstructed officials from inspecting and seizing PoP idols at Chitar Oli.Giving details about the drive, deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI that the drive resumed on Tuesday from Chitar Oli. \"Squad of NMC head office was stopped by idol seller Ankush Yerne. Few other sellers too gathered and protested against the drive. We registered an FIR against Yerne and others for violating the norms laid down by the high court and also obstructing officials,\" he said.NMC said the squad of head office seized 180 PoP idols from Chitar Oli, Sakkardara square and Budhwar bazaar. The zone-wise squads too seized some idols. The squad of Dharampeth Zone led by assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney seized 15 PoP idols and also razed illegal pandals erected on roads or footpaths for selling idols. The squad of Hanuman Nagar seized 28 idols, Dhantoli Zone 25, Nehru Nagar 6, Gandhibagh zone 16 and Satranjipura Zone 17.Ganvir, Dr Ashok Urkude, Dr Gajendra Mahalle, Sanjay Bhole, Mahesh Dhamecha, Dilip Patil and Vijay Humne led the squads.The inspection was done with the help of experts. NMC will continue the drive on Wednesday, as almost all sale-cum-exhibition centres will be open as Ganeshotsav commences.The NMC had seized 200 PoP idols on Sunday and 83 on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "16458039", "title": "Bankers robbed of Rs 50L in car heist", "text": "BHIWANI: A group of robbers looted Rs 50 lakh from employees of the State Bank of Patiala (SBP) on Bhiwani-Loharu road near Kundal village on Tuesday afternoon.The bank employees of Dighawa branch were on their way to the main branch in Bhiwani town and were accompanied by a guard when heavily armed robbers intercepted their car near a secluded point on the highway between Kundal and Pohakarwas villages around 3pm.According to information, employees included cashier Sukhbir Singh, guard Vinod Kumar and the car was being driven by Pawan Kumar. The guard told the police that the 12 robbers in a SUV waylaid them and threatened to shoot them if they resisted.Bank deputy manager Praveen Kumar said the locked box contained around Rs 50 lakh in cash and the sum was to be deposited in the main branch at Bhiwani. Bhiwani SP Pankaj Nain said teams are searching for the robbers. \"We have alerted the neighbouring police stations and statements of bank officials are being recorded\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16457915", "title": "Punjab to go for 'olive green revolution'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab, the granary of India with 40% of rice and 70% of wheat share to the central pool in India, has for long filled up the delicious platters of gourmet lovers in the country. Now, add olive to the list.On Tuesday, the Punjab government approved olive cultivation as a pilot project by PAU after a team from Rajasthan's state agency - Rajasthan Olive Cultivation Ltd (ROCL) - and a private firm gave a presentation to chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.While the CM was not available for comment, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal spoke to TOI over the phone from Lambi on the latest crop addition to the state's agricultural production. \"The concept of olive cultivation will have two benefits - the extensive health benefits of olive and farmers can juggle between diversified crops,\" Sukhbir Badal said.In Rajasthan, ROCL, which is a collaborative effort by the state government and an Israel company, is already expecting about 150 tonnes of olive oil from the pilot plantations spread over 182 hectares in Jaipur, Bikaner and Sri Ganganagar.Visiting Rajasthan officials shared the presentation details with TOI on Rajasthan's olive cultivation success and Punjab's chances to have a larger olive production because of its geographical location.\"If a desert state can grow, Punjab will reap bigger benefits. The promise of olives is attracting leading olive oil manufacturers to tap India's growing demand for healthy cooking oil,\" Surinder Singh Shekhawat, deputy director of Rajasthan Agricultural Competitive Project and former COO of ROCL, said.In Punjab, where the traditional agriculture is not a profitable venture anymore due to the squeezed margins on low and static MSP, the remunerative return from olive cultivation may be another attraction.At present, wheat cultivation in Punjab earns farmers annual profits of about Rs 20,000 per hectare.Olive production in Rajasthan has earned farmers more than Rs 2.5 lakh per hectare. The financial commissioner for development has been deputed to draft the policy to provide subsidy to farmers interested in olive cultivation.\"At present, almost 100% of olive oil is imported. If we start cultivation, it will save foreign exchange for the country,\" said G S Sandhu, financial commissioner (development).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458527", "title": "Tenant MHA eyes NDMC building", "text": "NEW DELHI: New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) finds itself in a quandary with its tenant, the Union home ministry, expressing its desire to buy the New Delhi City Centre-II (NDCC-II) on Parliament Street. The ministry has sent a proposal to the NDMC in this regard, but the civic agency is reluctant to sell the property as it will result in huge revenue loss. The civic agency has never sold any of its properties.At present, NDMC earns revenue of about Rs 40 crore annually from the building. The revenue is likely to increase as the civic agency is yet to give two floors of the nine-storeyed building on rent. While the proposal is likely to be tabled in the Council's meeting next month, NDMC chairperson Archna Arora told TOI: \"NDMC has never sold any of its properties in the past as that's one of the main sources of revenue. We don't get grants from any government body and hence the revenue generated by these properties is used for running the Council. Selling off the building will result in revenue loss but the final decision in this regard will be taken by the Council.\"The home ministry has been keen on buying this property as it is paying a hefty amount \u2014 Rs 3 crore per month \u2014 to the civic agency as rent for five floors. According to a home ministry official, \"The ministry is exploring the option of having its own property in the area. As it occupies five floors in NDCC-II and is paying a huge amount as rent, we are exploring the option of buying this building. If this doesn't work out, we will explore other options like constructing our own building in the area.\"Home ministry sources say that as the land on which the building has been constructed belongs to L&DO; and has been given on lease to NDMC, buying it won't be difficult. \"In Delhi, L&DO; is the land-owning agency which has given land on lease to various government agencies. So, the property can be bought by the home ministry, if NDMC agrees,\" said a source. But NDMC claims that the land on which NDCC-II is constructed is owned by it. \"The land is owned by NDMC,'' confirmed Arora.Council members are against the idea of selling the property. \"NDMC is not a developer. Why should we sell the property to the home ministry when we are getting good revenue from it? Moreover, the civic agency can't sell the property as sub-division of plot is not allowed as per Central Government rules,\" said Karan Singh Tanwar, MLA and Council member.Located in the heart of the capital, the building was constructed at a cost of Rs 130 crore over a decade ago. But it was lying in a state of neglect for years till NDMC decided to rent it out to Commonwealth Games 2010 Organizing Committee in 2008 for Rs 164 crore and recovered the entire cost of construction. Since then, NDMC officials say, many government agencies have shown interest in taking the property on rent.Last year, five floors of the building were given to home ministry for a licence fee of Rs 3 crore per month. The ninth floor was rented out to Prime Minister's Office for Rs 22 lakh (approx) per month. The OC still occupies the eighth floor of the building and owes close to Rs 60 crore to the civic agency.NDMC officials said the home ministry's proposal will be placed before the Council at next month's meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16457000", "title": "Shutters down on Anna Salai", "text": "CHENNAI: Business on Anna Salai was hit as shops remained closed as protesters took to the streets against the controversial film 'Innocence of Muslims' on Tuesday. Members of various Islamic organizations turned violent leaving all shop owners to play safe by pulling down the shutters in and around Anna Salai between 4pm and 8pm.Shopkeepers said they were aware of protest but the violence was unexpected. \"We closed our shops to avoid any damage as the situation was much tense on Tuesday. We know the protests have been on for a few days but it's better to stay safe that avoid damage,\" said K Saravanan, a shopkeeper on Anna Salai said. \"We thought the police can control the crowd. But suddenly, the mob surged to about 10,000. When police chased the crowd they entered shops and offices that were open in the locality. It was after this we closed the gates,\" a watchman at a hotel said.Buhari and Sangam hotels remained closed during the time of the protest. Co-Optex and Higginbotham's closed soon after the first lathicharge by police at 4.45. \"I have been working in a two-wheeler spare parts shop in GP Road for more than three years. I have never seen such a crowd. We closed our shop around 4pm,\" a mechanic M Charles said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456990", "title": "ACB can probe Bhujbal, says CM Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Tuesday the ACB had the home department's approval for an open inquiry against PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal.Patil said the ACB did not need the home department's permission for the probes as these were part of administrative procedure. The ACB had said last week that it had sought the department's permission for the probes.Meanwhile, Patil's stature in his party, the NCP, has gone up by a few notches, say political observers. Under fire for his department's below-par performance, Patil has firmed up his standing in the party by cracking down on scams. NCP chief Sharad Pawar had recently snubbed Patil for the poor handling of the Naxal issue in Gadchiroli. Pawar's nephew, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, had criticized him for poor performance on all fronts and for being loquacious with the media.By acting tough in corruption cases involving ministers from his own party, Patil has reaffirmed his credentials. \"Police probes are already underway into cases involving Bhujbal, Tatkare and minster of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar. NCP heavyweights may now be compelled to go soft on Patil to escape the wrath of the crucial home department which he heads,\" said an observer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456704", "title": "Residents seek subsidized LPG cylinders from state govt", "text": "CHENNAI: Several cooking gas (LPG) consumers in the city are demanding that the state government provide them cylinders at subsidised rates after the Centre restricted the subsidised LPG cylinders to six per year per consumer.Some states have decided to give more subsidised cylinders to consumers. While Goa has said it will give an additional six subsidised cylinders, Wes Bengal and Delhi have promised three cyslinders. Many other states are considering providing additional subsidised cylinders to consumers.Tamil Nadu is yet to announce such a step. R Maheswari, a homemaker in Adyar, said the Centre's decision was \"destroying the joint family system\". \"It's difficult to manage a kitchen with just six cylinders a year. I hope our chief minister understands the situation,\" she said.Many said at least three additional cylinders at subsidised rates should be provided. \"We need at least 12 cylinders a year. So if they are not subsidised, we will be forced to shell out 750-800 per cylinder. The state government should provide subsidies to at least three cylinders to below poverty line (BPL) consumers,\" said a city-based activist.Oil companies and distributors said the issue of subsidy for additional cylinders should be taken up by the state government. All India Indane Distributors' Association president A Ramachandran said: \"Nearly 56% of LPG consumers in the state have been affected. Normally, one cylinder is enough for 40-45 days for a four-member family. But many families require at least two cylinders a month.\"Oil company officials said they would also intensify steps to curb multiple connections. Truckers' strike affects LPG supply Supply of cooking gas (LPG) cylinders was affected on Tuesday when more than 100 truck drivers attached to the Ennore bottling plant of the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) went on strike demanding better wages. The issue was resolved late in the evening after a three-hour long discussion .A senior official said: \"The drivers were demanding a hike from 465 a load to 1150 a load. They agreed to resume work after the contractors agreed to pay 930 a load.\" Distribution of LPG is expected to resume completely on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16458334", "title": "Limping back after the blow", "text": "Many places in Vidarbha have suffered huge damage due to excess rainfall but none can match the destruction of Koli Buzurg village (taluka Ghatanji, district Yavatmal).The village was completely submerged in water for two days and one night on July 22 and 23. The water had reached the roof and residents had to take shelter in a zilla parishad (ZP) school, around two kilometres away.The water level on Ada river had risen twenty feet above the river bed uprooting some electric poles. Even today, dried bushes hang twenty feet above the river bed on electric cables.Needless to say the crops in the areas were completely damaged. Keshav Todsam, a resident of Koli Buzurg, had taken twelve acres on rent for farming. The farm is on the bank of the river. Today, there are still stagnant pools of water where cotton crop once stood. Wild grass grows on the remaining portion.\"This year I could not celebrate Nagpanchami because I was busy repairing my home. Now, I am sowing tear as I have to earn something for the coming months. The government compensation will go to the land owner, not me,\" rued Todsam.There is a silver lining in the black cloud for Todsam. The jowar crop that had got damaged is now growing on its own. \"It is the most resilient crop,\" he explained. His neighbour Vishnu Bawane is also sowing tear and says jowar will be his saving grace.Sahebrao Borgaonkar of Talni village (taluka Arni) is more fortunate than Todsam and Bawane. Half of his farm was inundated when the nullah jumped during a heavy downpour. The cotton crop has been completely damaged on that side. Borgaonkar has decided to uproot the plants and sow tear. \"I don't have the money to save the damaged crop. It will need several spraying of pesticide. I guess I am fortunate than others. Half of my crop is in good shape and will give a yield of 7 quintal per acre.\"Narendra Jagtap, deputy sarpanch of Akola Bazar (taluka Yavatmal), however, says that cotton and soyabean crop in the area has been completely destroyed. \"I fear that farmers will not be able to recover their expenses let alone earn something. This time the expenses have been three to four times as compared to last year but the income will be less by 25%.\"Pests flourish in humid and rainy weather. Farmers are forced to spray pesticides regularly to save their crops. It is a catch-22 situation for them. If they don't use pesticides they will lose their crops but if they do then their expenses will go up but yield won't increase in that proportion,\" said Jagtap.He also blamed government policies for the plight of farmers. \"The banks give us a crop loan of Rs 12,000 per acre. However, the actual expenditure is over Rs 25,000 per acre. We should get at least Rs 20,000 per acre. However, when it is election year government sanctions Rs one lakh per acre even to undeserving people,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16460536", "title": "Dhanbad jail awarded for e-visitor facility", "text": "RANCHI: Dhanbad district jail on Tuesday got the Skoch Development Foundation's award in digital inclusive category for implementing e-visitor facility for family members of jail inmates. The award was received by the former deputy commissioner of Dhanbad Sunil Kumar Barnwal who implemented the facility in the jail in 2010-11.Barnwal said during his tenure as deputy commissioner he came to know that hundreds of visitors especially women had to face tough time meeting their family members in jail. At times they even had to return home without meeting the jail inmate.\"After a comprehensive study I decided to introduce e-visitor system for jail. Under the facility the person is not required to visit jail. A family member who wants to meet an inmate can visit the nearest Pragya Kendra (community e-centre) and interact through video conferencing by paying just Rs 10 for 15 minutes,\" Barnwal said, adding, \"Many people appreciated the move of the district administration as it saves time and harassment one has to face in travelling to the jail and waiting for hours to meet their relative.\"The facility is also appreciated by relatives of jail inmates as they no longer have to bribe policemen with Rs 25-Rs 50 for visiting a jail inmate, sources said. Earlier, relatives could hardly spend more than 10-15 minutes even after paying the money. \"Now, they can even spend an hour talking to the jail inmates,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16458653", "title": "Coimbatore Medical College Hospital gets eye in the sky", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to curb the menace of unwanted visitors and also to ensure that the duty staff are performing their duty without any slack, the authorities at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital here has brought key wards in the hospital complex under the surveillance of closed circuit television cameras (CCTVs).The cameras are installed at the entrances and strategic spots of the important medical wards in the hospital witnessing huge rush of patients on a daily basis.The footage from these cameras are expected to help both the hospital authorities and police to track any illegal activities like baby stealing from the labour ward, hospital authorities claimed.\"The CCTVs have been installed at important wards and are functioning well at the moment,\" said R Vimala, dean, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.At present, seven CCTV cameras have been installed at the trauma care ward, labour ward and the main intensive care unit. According to the hospital authorities, each of the camera units was installed at a cost of about Rs 50,000 and connected to the computer terminals kept on the main duty doctor's desk at these wards. The trauma and labour wards were identified for the installation of the cameras after taking into consideration the fact that there is a huge rush of people in these wards almost on a daily basis.\"Activities of the bystanders and hospital staff could be constantly monitored and the duty doctor could also be alerted about the condition of the patients admitted in the ward from his desk itself,\" said P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.The hospital authorities also have plans to increase the area to be brought under CCTV surveillance in the hospital complex. More than 5,000 outpatients from Coimbatore and nearby districts of Western Tamil Nadu also visit the hospital on a daily basis along with their bystanders.The next step in the proposed surveillance plan is to install camera control centres in both the Hospital Dean and Resident Medical Officer's chambers from where they can monitor the functioning of various wards, intensive care unit and even the operation theatres in the hospital.\"There is a plan to link the surveillance feeds from all CCTV cameras in the hospital to the chambers of the dean and the RMO. It is expected to be installed in the near future,\" Sivaprakasam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16457937", "title": "Prakash Jha moves SC, seeks damage for banning of 'Aarakshan'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has issued notice to the Punjab government on a plea of director Prakash Jha seeking symbolic damages from the state government for causing loss to him by banning his film \" Aarakshan\" last year.Jha, however, did not quantify the damages and told a bench of Justice R M Lodha and Justice A K Dave that even Re 1 damage would be sufficient as he filed the petition as a protest to government decision to ban the film.Senior advocate Harish Salve, appearing for him, submitted on Monday that the damages should not be paid out of tax payers money and it should be given by the officers responsible for banning the film.\"Aarakshan\" was banned by various states including Punjab after which Jha approached the Supreme Court which had on August 19 quashed the ban saying that the restriction on release of film would go against the democratic value of free speech and expression.The political thriller starring Amitabh Bachchan , Saif Ali Khan , Manoj Vajpai, Prateek Babbar and Deepika Padukone was released on August 12 in other parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457534", "title": "Nothing more tragic than closed mind", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao fielded an array of questions from students, educators and mediapersons after her lecture on 'Education and Global Citizen: The Challenge and the Opportunity before India' here on Tuesday. Excerpts:With primary education as a parameter, where do US and India score over each other?There are advantages in both systems. Many of our students who go to the US for further studies have a solid foundation in Science. Americans have the ability to articulate with great confidence, to be critical and to question which helps them score over us. It would be an unbeatable mix if we have both. There's a great deal of admiration for Indian students in the US. President Obama too mentioned our talent. It has begun to register in the consciousness of Americans.But only a miniscule of the Indian population goes abroad for studies. We should be worried about the rest of the students here. That's exactly what I was trying to communicate.These students have come to symbolize Indian education for an average US citizen. The principles of inclusiveness and equity are important in education as much as in any other field.How does industry help in US education?Community colleges are a great hit. They are near industrial clusters and are well integrated with it. There's a lot of attention to skill development. No Indian institute featured in the top 200 universities in the recent QS survey... Yes.We need at least 3-4 institutions in that list. There's no point in breast-beating.We should find out why we're not there. We can do much more if we are open to things outside.There's nothing wrong in imitating better things and nothing more tragic than a closed mind.What's your take on the medium of instruction debate?In India, we have the capacity to be multilingual. UR Ananthamurthy once said he speaks Kannada in the kitchen, Tamil in the playground and English upstairs. To speak two or three languages is the characteristic of any Indian. We should retain that. My parents could recite poetry in Malayalam and English but I cannot do it.We should regain the talent to think and speak in more than one language, if not to dream.How much should children get into social media?I don't know how beneficial it is for students. They're still growing and life cannot be expressed in 140 characters for a high-school student. I'm a bit old-fashioned. When you're growing up, there's nothing like holding a book and reading from printed paper. That's how you nurture a young mind. It's only after that you'll be able to take the right judgment and use that medium without causing damage to yourself.Are you planning to write a book soon?No. I wish I could.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457488", "title": "Heavy rain claims 15 lives in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 15 persons were killed in rain-related incidents as heavy showers lashed eastern and western parts of Uttar Pradesh in the past 24 hours. Five persons were killed in Sultanpur, four each in Mau and Ghazipur and one each in Gonda and Azamgarh in separate incidents, which include wall collapse and lightning.Met office sources said that extremely heavy rain lashed isolated places over eastern UP and moderate to heavy rain and thundershowers occurred at many places over western UP. The Met office forecasts rain and thundershowers at most places in the state and at many places over western UP. It warned that heavy to very heavy rain would occur at one or two places over the state during next 24 hours.Officials of the Central Water Commission said that most of the rivers were in spate following heavy rains.While Ganga was rising in Fatehgarh, it was already flowing above the red mark at Ballia and Sharda was also above the red mark. Ghaghra was rising, especially at Elgin Bridge and was flowing well above the red mark at Elgin Bridge, Ayodhya, Turtipar, the sources said, and added that Rapti was rising at Balrampur and was also above the danger mark at Chandradeepghat (Gonda). PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457766", "title": "Sawai Man Singh hospital witnesses rise of 50% patients", "text": "JAIPUR: There is a alarming rise in the number of patients coming to the Outdoor Patient Department (OPD) at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) Hospital. Following torrential rain the number of patients complaining of diseases including malaria and dengue has increased. SMS hospital, which is the largest government hospital in the state, witnessed a registration of 8,427 patients who visited the OPD on Monday which is the largest footfall as compared to 2011. \"The average footfall of the patients in the hospital in 2012 has been 4,562. Last week it was nearly 6,500 patients. But on Monday it witnessed nearly 8,427 patients who visited the OPD for various problems varying from cough and cold to fever. It was highest footfall of the season so far,\" said Rajesh Sharma, spokesperson, SMS hospital while quoting the figures on Tuesday.Authorities at the hospital were in panic after the footfall at OPD witnessed a rise upto 50 percent.Asked about the figures of the patients registered at OPD on Tuesday, Sharma said, \"Till 4 pm 7,500 patients had been registered who visited the OPD. The number will increase as later in the evening the emergency cases would be also be added to the number of patients coming for treatment for various diseases.\"The medicine ward was overcrowded like never before. Patients and attendants were seen lying outside the ward as majority of the beds in these wards were full.Likewise, in other parts of the state the government hospitals are witnessing chock-o-block situation especially Alwar district where 22 died in less than a month. Medical and health minister A A Khan also visited Dausa and took a feedback on the health status in the district.Senior authorities with the medical and health department claimed that there is door-to-door survey and distribution of 'doxycycline' tablets to patients suffering from fever, one of the early symptoms of scrub typhus. It is a rare zoonotic disease that is caused by the bite of the mites during monsoon. The extended spell of monsoon this year has led to the spread of deadly diseases such as malaria and dengue across the state. Over 35 people have reportedly died due to various rain-related diseases so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458577", "title": "Online drive to save Rohtas rolls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stephanians are not about to take the disappearance of rolls from Rohtas Dhaba lying down. A signature campaign to \"Save Sukhiya-Rohtas Dhaba, St Stephen's College\" has been started online to rally in support. By Monday evening, the petition had been signed by over 500 supporters many of whom has left messages on the page.The first alert was sent out by St Stephen's Maths professor, Nandita Narain. She had made a post on a closed group on a social networking site describing how Rohtas's son had told her that college authorities had banned him from selling rolls, that he had to stick to nimbu pani, samosa and gulab jamun. Apparently, that move came after government auditors conducting \"space audit\" of the college pointed out that Rohtas was using college space without paying.College principal Valson Thampu clarified that Rohtas is allowed to sell \"everything he has been traditionally selling\" but not items that the college cafe also served. \"But Rohtas subsequently unfurled a new menu serving items he wasn't allowed to sell. Rohtas is not allowed to compete with the college cafe. I don't think he ever sold rolls before,\" said Thampu, \"And if he sold these additional items, it was happening as a surreptitious activity.\"Many of the college's eminent alumni reacted strongly to what they consider unjust treatment meted out to the family which has run the dhaba for generations. Before Rohtas, it was his father Sukhiya who had served the nimbu pani. \"It is about creating a situation where an individual is forced to shut down,\" says Ashish Joshi of the Old Stephanians'Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16457297", "title": "Rs 90cr project to link Adhaar with medicines data", "text": "KOCHI: In future, you will not need to carry medical records while travelling within the state nor would you have to remember the complicated names of medicines you are allergic to, as your doctor will be able to get your medical details with a click of the mouse.The state health department plans to create an electronic medical data of people in Kerala, which can be accessed by doctors across government hospitals in the state on production of the adhaar card. The Rs 90 cr proposal has been submitted to the Central government for approval. Kerala expects to cover everyone under the unique identification scheme by March 2013.\"Based on the UID card, we intend to build a database of people's medical history. It will include details of their pregnancy, medical complications, treatment, medicines prescribed, tests conducted and results. This data can be accessed by government doctors across government hospitals\", said health secretary Rajeev Sadanandan.As per the scheme, the Junior Public Health Nurses, with the health department who carry out the immunisation scheme, will be provided with a tablet when they conduct home visits. The tablet will contain questions that the health nurses would need to ask individuals. People will be asked to give their UID number as well as past medical details. The answers provided will then be immediately fed into the tablet by the health nurses in the system, which would be linked to the state data.\"Once the data is loaded in the system, then an individual just needs to produce the UID card at the hospital. The doctor on entering the UID number, will be able to get the patients complete medical details on-line. Later, even the details of medicines prescribed, tests conducted by the hospital would be fed online, thereby creating a database of patient's complete medical history,\" said Sadanandan.In the first phase, the pilot project will be carried out in Thiruvanthapuram. \"The pilot project will itself take almost 21 months to complete. Once the pilot project is effectively implemented, we will cover 7 more districts\", added Sadanandan. Health department officials said that once they get financial sanction from the Centre, the project can be implemented without much delay as facilities of statewide area network and state data centre is readily available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460656", "title": "A musical treat at The Basement", "text": "Revellers were in for a double treat at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, on a recent Thursday night.City-based Indie-folk band, Fiddlers Green, featuring Arko Mukherjee on vocals, Shamik Chatterjee on guitar, Diptanshu Roy on the mandolin and Ritoban on percussion, performed popular South American folk, jazz and blues numbers. Next, it was time for DJs Hardik and Tishya to up the ante with their beats. They belted out popular Bollywood and international chartbusters and sent the crowd to a tizzy. Party people enjoyed every bit of the evening as they let themselves loose on the dance floor. A happening Thursday night left revellers all geared-up for a smashing weekend ahead!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458683", "title": "Woman catches snatcher in Narela", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 52-year-old woman has nabbed a youth who was fleeing after snatching her gold chain in the Narela area of northwest Delhi on Tuesday afternoon. The accused has been identified as Himanshu (19), whose parents are Delhi Police personnel. However, they did not come forward to help Himanshu and he was handed over to police. He has been arrested and his bike seized.Cops have decided to reward the woman, Sumitra. The Narela Businessmen Federation also announced cash reward for her.The accused had targeted another woman before targeting Sumitra, police said.Sumitra had come to give lunch to her husband who works at a local clinic and was on her way back when the snatcher struck. When Himanshu tried to snatch the chain, Sumitra resisted and tried to pull herself away. Himanshu fell off the bike following which Sumitra pounced on him and refused to let him go while raising alarm. A crowd gathered at the spot and began to thrash the youth.Himanshu initially tried to throw his weight around but kept quite after the mob got violent. During interrogation, he allegedly accepted that he had resorted to snatching for money and fun.He also said he was involved in another incident of snatching that took place in the area half an hour before Sumitra's incident. The first woman has been identified from items in the snatched bag as Divya.A senior police officer said Himanshu's father was a constable posted at Roop Nagar police station while his mother was an assistant sub-inspector with the special branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16461619", "title": "Brampton municipal corporation team visited Chandigarh", "text": "Chandigarh : Four member team of the Brampton, Ontario, Canada, visited the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation on Monday. The team had come to city to invite city Mayor to Brampton under the cultural exchange program.The team was led by Vicky Dhillon, city councillor of ward number 9 and 10 Brampton and Sohal Saeed, director economic development and tourism economic development and communications.City mayor Raj Bala Malik, welcomed the delegation and municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh briefed the team about the new and ongoing projects and working of Municipal Corporation. Rajiv Gupta, joint municipal commissioner-cum-secretary was also present on the occasion.Explaining about some features of city of flowers Brampton, Vicky Dhillon elaborated that with a population of approximately 523,911, Brampton is the 9th largest city in Canada. He said that Brampton has more than 850 parks, 217 kilometers of trails, and over 3600 hectares of parkland and open spaces. He said that Brampton is a well planned city with a rich history and cultural heritage. It offered an unparalleled quality of life with access to excellent health care, education, transit, recreation and arts-culture opportunities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16459948", "title": "TCS selects 78 BIT students for job", "text": "SINDRI: Placement session of 2012-13 batch at BIT Sindri started on a cheerful note with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) selecting 78 students from this institution for recruitment.Professor in charge (placement) of the institute G Kumar said nearly 400 students had appeared for online test conducted by the company of which 78 were selected. This includes one from mechanical engineering, eight from electrical, seven from production, three from chemical, 26 from electronics and communication, 19 from computer science engineering and 14 from information technology branch. tnnEarlier, cement giant ACC had selected three students and Tata-Telecon one student from the institute for recruitment. Thus the total number of student securing job while in campus has gone up to 82.Despite slump in job market, 462 student of the only government engineering college of Jharkhand had secured job through campus placement in the last session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16460762", "title": "First case filed in state under IT Act", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Prasanna Kumar Jena, a 54-year-old businessman, has filed the first case in the state under the Information Technology (IT) Act against an e-procurement company that allegedly provided him wrong information regarding a tender that did not exist. The complainant also demanded compensation of Rs five lakh from the company for making him a member of its website by misrepresenting facts.Jena, who deals with transportation of steel, received a mail from tendertiger.com, an e-procurement firm, that claimed to provide tender alert services. \"I was told that being a registered member of the website would give me a competitive advantage as they post new tender details, corrigendums, minutes of pre-bid meetings and tender results. I subscribed to the service by paying a subscription fee of Rs 8,000, following which I got detail of a tender by Steel Authority of India Ltd for appointment of a consignment agent for transportation, handling and storage of iron and steel materials in Deogarh. But when I inquired at the SAIL office, they said they hadn't issued any such tender out,\" Jena said.\"This is the first and only case filed under the Information Technology (IT) Act, 2000, and is sub-judice at present,\" said state IT secretary M S Padhi.\"The IT secretary of the state is the adjudicating officer of the case. He has heard both the parties and reserved the hearing till October 20. Even though a large number of IT-related crimes occur in the state, due to lack of awareness, not many cases are zfiled under this act,\" said Sambit Dash, advocate of the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456269", "title": "Zilla parishad officials face action for indiscipline", "text": "NASHIK: Officials of Nashik zilla parishad are facing the heat for indiscipline with a senior clerk being suspended and several heads of departments receiving showcause notices.Chief executive officer (CEO) of the zilla parishad Ranjitkumar Mehta suspended health department's senior clerk, S V Kavishwar, on the charges of dereliction of duty. The CEO had called for the reports from district health officer Dr V M Kulkarni with respect to the movement of files, problems with the raising issues and sanctioning of funds.According to officials, the reports revealed that the clerk was at fault. Hence taking strict action against Kavishwar, the CEO suspended him for negligence of duties.Senior officials reached late at a meeting called by zilla parishad president Jayashree Pawar, prompting her to seek action against them. The heads of departments reached the meeting after the senior officials, which further irked Pawar and she called for action against them as well.\"The president has ordered the administration to issue a show-cause notice to the all the heads of departments, nearly 13, who were late at the meeting,\" officials informed. The officials were asked to show cause for the delay during the meeting itself, but not satisfied with the replies, Pawar instructed the general administration department (GAD) to issue notices to them, The notices would be served soon, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16457346", "title": "Travel plans go haywire over US visa delay", "text": "KOCHI: More than 500 Keralites are caught in the crossfire with the sudden decision of the US consulate in Chennai to shut down its visa section for four days from Monday due to protests over the anti-Islam film.Travel operators in the state said on an average 100 to 150 people from Kerala go for visa interview to the US consulate in Chennai every day. Of these, around 40 are from Kochi and the same number from Thiruvananthapuram.State Bank of Travancore's deputy manager Skariah V M was caught by surprise on Monday morning when he landed in Chennai with his wife. \"We are staying back in a hotel in Chennai in the hope that we get a date this week. We have confirmed flight tickets to the US for October 11and have spent a fortune on them. We pray to get a visa soon\", he said.Even as Skariah is keeping his fingers crossed, another elderly couple, who didn't wish to be named, are planning to cancel their tickets and hotel bookings in US and Mexico, as they had planned to travel to US on September 26. \"We have booked refundable tickets. Yet we will lose almost a lakh due to cancellation, as we don't know when we will get the rescheduled visa interview date\", the couple said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16457206", "title": "Nitish begins roadshow, to visit 32 towns across Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar begins his 'adhikar (right) yatra' on Wednesday from Bettiah in West Champaran and, during its 17 days of crisscrossing the state, will hit 32 towns and district headquarters. Nitish will canvass for the success of his much touted adhikar rally to in Patna on November 4.The focus of the rally will be on the demand of special status to Bihar, which Nitish says is close to the hearts of over 10 crore people of the backward state.\"During my yatra, I won't avail of any official facility and neither will use official vehicles or government guesthouses, since this is a party programme,\" Nitish said. But he will use all the political avenues at his disposal to make the rally, the first by JD(U) since it came to power in 2005, to make the demand a powerful and popular socio-political plank, said a senior leader.\"It will not only galvanize party rank and file but also make the Centre realise the real need to accord special status to Bihar. The special status is now an issue identified with JD(U),\" said Sanjay Jha , a Nitish confidante accompanying the CM.The rally, political observers say, will be a watershed in Bihar's politics ahead of the crucial general election. Through this rally, Nitish is likely to rewrite his political strategy. A senior leader recalled that during the last LS polls in 2009, Nitish had offered to help any party which was ready to accord special status to Bihar after coming to power. This offer was meant for Congress and senior leader of the party Digvijay Singh had promised this, but it remained unmet.The party is giving such importance to Adhikar rally that it has organised meetings in about 500 blocks and all the 39 districts. \"Special status is now the demand of the public. It's the demand for socio-economic development of the state and for the betterment of its people,\" said water resources development minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, also the convener of the rally.Choudhary said the rally would be historic since no political party ever held public rally on such an important cause like special category status to Bihar. \"This is an issue which concerns every Bihari and is linked to our future. The rally will pressure the Centre to rethink its policies,\" he said.\"This is an important rally for us and the party workers from state down to panchayat level have been actively involved,\" said state JD(U) chief Vashisht Narayan Singh. The party has already enrolled nearly two million members as against the target of five million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16457406", "title": "Now, get social media accounts insured", "text": "LONDON: You may soon insure your Facebook and Twitter accounts against the nuisance of hacking as a UK-based company has launched the country's first social media insurance. The information privacy company is offering services to specifically protect against reputational damage, account jacking and ID theft, the Daily Mail reported.Hacking of users accounts on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and other social media sites are quite common, where another user logs in and posts derogatory or offensive messages, and can cause huge damage to an individual or business's image.Justin Basini, CEO of the company providing the service, ALLOW, said insurance \"perhaps wouldn't have been needed a few years ago\".\"That's all changed now. Every internet user faces a certain level of risk that one day a digital criminal will target them or that they will suffer damage to their reputation,\" Basini said.The cover, at a cost of 3.99 a month, will pay for legal advice and support if someone suffers an on-line attack and seeks some form of redress. The insurance includes the cost of disabling accounts, suppressing offensive material and stopping any legal action triggered by hacking, for example if a hacker posts illegal material under a victim's name, the paper said.It is available via the ALLOW Protect service, which also allows users to monitor how their personal data is used on-line, it added. On-line abuse and identify theft are so common that social media users are being sold specialist insurance to help protect their reputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456819", "title": "2G scam: BJP quits JPC, CPM asks for PM as witness", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what can spell more trouble for the government, CPM on Tuesday joined BJP in demanding that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram be summoned as witnesses before the Joint Parliamentary Committee probing the 2G scam .CPM toughened its stance after RBI governor D Subbarao -- who was finance secretary in UPA-1 -- told the JPC that the decision to allocate 2G spectrum in 2008 at 2001 rates was endorsed by the PM, Chidambaram and then telecom minister A Raja at a meeting on July 4, 2008.\"In the light of Subbarao's deposition before the committee, I think it has become necessary to call the PM and the finance minister to understand why the advice for auctions was overturned and how the entry fee was fixed,\" CPM leader Sitaram Yechury told TOI.In his remarks before the committee, the RBI governor stuck to his November 22, 2007 noting in which he questioned the entry fee being fixed at Rs 1,650 crore, the 2001 rate. He said the 2007 market price for spectrum should have been discovered although it was up to the government to prioritize welfare over revenue.The RBI governor in his testimony said he had notings of the July 4, 2008 meeting which he attended along with T K A Nair, the then principal secretary to the prime minister. The decision to opt for the 2001 rate and ignore the auctions option was a ministerial one, he said.Yechury said it would be difficult, it not impossible, to understand the process by which the telecom ministry under Raja went ahead and allocated 2G licences. \"There are certain aspects only the PM can explain,\" he said.The CPM's position is a boost for the BJP which on Tuesday walked out for a second time over committee chair P C Chacko's refusal to take a view on Singh and Chidambaram being called as witnesses. The meeting saw BJP leader Yashwant Sinha ask Chacko about when the committee would decide the witness list.Chacko stonewalled the BJP demand, saying there could be no discussion on the subject and he would take a view on the matter. After receiving Sinha's letter raising the witness list on Monday, he had replied saying that he was in the process of finalizing the list.BJP walked out of the meeting as Chacko refused to commit by when he would take a decision and Sinha said the functioning of the JPC was tainted by bias. It was a committee \"interested in covering up matters rather and uncovering the truth\", he added.Chacko said he was hurt that \"harsh language\" had been used against an \"innocent man\". He said he had repeatedly urged the BJP members to attend proceedings and not walk out.CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta later told the media, \"All of us fought together for a JPC. I think it is much better to put on record our dissent as a part of the report which will be on parliamentary record for posterity.\"During the meeting, Subbarao was asked why he did not pursue his advice on auctions. The RBI governor admitted that he could have performed his duties with greater diligence. On pricing of spectrum, he said that left to himself, he would have liked to discover the price of airwaves in 2007 for licences to be issued in 2008.Referring to a non-paper on 2G issued by during the UPA-1, he said this was \"inappropriate and unfortunate\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16460610", "title": "IIM takes mgmt lessons to villages", "text": "RANCHI: Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi's ambitious programme \"barefoot managers' certificate programme\" began on Monday at Kochbung village, about 20km from here, providing a chance to unlettered and semi-literate people to learn entrepreneurial skills from experts.The video-based certificate course is imparted to the villagers free. IIM-Ranchi plans to cover over 2.5 lakh people in 5,000 villages of the state under this programme. It aims to involve micro entrepreneurs, unemployed youths, panchayat officials along with illiterate people.Puspa Toppo, a semi-literate who is undergoing the course, is confident. \"It is important to know the ways which would harm your business than to know the ways which would benefit your business,\" said Toppo. The woman and her five friends of Raghunathpur in Chanho block suffered losses in the mushroom business about six months ago because of lack of planning.The programme, which will continue for four days, is in its \"dry run\" phase. \"It is a huge success according to the feedback from the participants,\" said Arpita Shutradhar, the faculty coordinator of the programme.Shanti Savaiya is on her way to start a new business. \"I have learned that any business should be done only after proper planning. I want to start a small poultry firm,\" Savaiya said.The programme has middle-aged participants also. V Ekka said she would invite partners to start her business in a big way. \"I run a small parlour. I have learned that if I involve a group of partners, my planning and my product both would be better,\" said Ekka.The workshop is going on in Kochbung village with 24 people, of them 20 are women. \"Currently, the movies are in Hindi language. Plans are afoot to dub it in Nagpuri, Maithili, Bhojpuri and Maghi dialects,\" said an official.IIM-Ranchi director M J Xavier said, \"The programme will enable villagers, who possess the potential, to give a concrete shape to their ideas and become entrepreneurs.\"The Jharkhand government's venture to promote silk and handicraft, Jharcraft, has also expressed interest in becoming a part of it. \"Several other NGOs are in talk with us to associate with the programme,\" said an official.Amrendu Nandi, a coordinator of the programme, said, \"The participants are being shown movies reflecting how poor villagers become entrepreneurs. It is the easiest medium to teach the trade to the villagers.\"An official said the programme would start in a full-fledged way with a 15-day certificate programme in the last of this month. \"It will start in rural areas of Ranchi,\" the official added. \"Group transformation through individual endeavour is the theme of the movies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456635", "title": "Compassionate employment not to breach minimum qualification: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has ruled that a candidate must satisfy minimum eligibility criteria even for compassionate employment, thus, denying a peon's job to the son of a police assistant sub-inspector, who died in harness.\"A person who does not possess the requisite qualification cannot even apply for recruitment for the reason that his appointment would be contrary to the statutory rules and would, therefore, be void in law,\" said a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and F M I Kalifulla while allowing an appeal by Gujarat government.Arvind Kumar Tiwari's father was an ASI in Gujarat police. After he died in 1999, Tiwari applied for employment on compassionate grounds for the post of a peon. As he had studied up to Class 8, his application was rejected but on the ground that his family was not in any financial distress.However, Tiwari made a second application to the additional director general of police, who ordered that the same be considered ignoring the financial condition of the family. It was again rejected in 2005 when it was found that the applicant had only passed Class 7 as against the minimum eligibility criteria of Class X needed for appointment to a peon's post.But the Gujarat High Court asked the police department to consider Tiwari's appointment on compassionate grounds. The state appealed against the order in the SC.The bench of Justices Chauhan and Kalifulla said, \"Compassionate appointment cannot be claimed as a matter of right. It is simply not another method of recruitment. A claim to be appointed on such a ground has to be considered in accordance with the rules, regulations or administrative instructions governing the subject, taking into consideration the financial condition of the family of the deceased.\"Such a category of employment itself is an exception to the constitutional provisions contained in Article 14 (right to equality) and Article 16 (right to equal opportunity in public employment), which provide that there can be no discrimination in public employment.\"The apex court differentiated between eligibility and qualification for a post. \"Eligibility connotes the minimum criteria for selection that may be laid down by the executive authority/legislature by way of statute or rules, while the term qualification may connote any additional norms laid down by the authorities,\" it said.Referring to Tiwari's case, the bench said he had failed in Class 8 and thus could be considered as Class 7th pass and hence, ineligible for the post of peon. \"We are of the considered opinion that since 1991, the eligibility criteria for a Class IV post was set as passing of Class X and as the respondent was unable to pass even Class 8, he was most certainly not eligible to apply for the said post. In view of the legal bar, it is neither desirable, nor permissible in law, for this court to issue direction to relax the said eligibility criteria and appoint respondent merely on humanitarian ground,\" the bench said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457619", "title": "17-year-old girl abducted", "text": "BANGALORE: A 17-year-old school dropout was kidnapped by unidentified miscreants when she was walking with her father and uncle in Venkateshwara Layout, Hulimavu, late on Monday night.The victim's father said he was walking back home with his daughter and younger brother when the gang waylaid them and sprayed chilli powder on their face. \"By the time I could open my eyes I realized my daughter was missing,\" he told police.\"I knew some boys were after my daughter. But I really don't know whether she had any affair with someone,\" he added.Police said they are questioning the victim's close friends. \"Preliminary investigation revealed that the victim neither raised an alarm, nor put up any resistance,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456542", "title": "Couple harassed for inter-religion marriage", "text": "KOLKATA: A young couple, who fear they will be killed by the girl's family for marrying into a different religion, approached the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) on Tuesday. The commission has directed the police chiefs of both North and South 24-Parganas to protect the couple.Mithun Mondal (27) and Tarana Sultana (19) have known each other for a year now. They tied the knot one and a half months back, but they went into hiding after Tarana's kin allegedly threatened to kill them if she continued to live with Mithun.Tarana's family at Bira Mallickpara in Asoknagar allegedly started harassing her once they came to know that she was in love with a youth from a different religious background. They started looking for a match for her from the same community. But when the girl put her foot down saying she would marry only Mithun, the family allegedly started torturing her.\"My parents, brother and sister tortured me mentally and physically. They threatened to kill me if I did not back out of the relationship. Finally, I and Mithun decided to elope,\" said Tarana, who is a higher secondary pass-out.The couple eloped on June 21 and got married in a temple in Joynagar soon after. Their marriage was registered on August 7 in Baruipur court. Sources said even as Mithun's family at Joynagar in South 24-Pargans has accepted the marriage, the girl's father Israil Mallick is threatening to kill the couple if Tarana is not sent back home.\"I was attacked by 12 people, including my father-in-law, on July 30 in my Topsia office,\" said Mithun, who works as a junior clerk with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). \"I somehow managed to escape. Else, I would have been murdered,\" he added. He has lodged a complaint with Pragati Maidan Police.The couple said they are getting threat calls from Israil and his associates Syed Khwaja Moin and Motiur Rehman. \"They are not minors. Religion cannot come in the way of the marriage. Hence, I have directed the police to see that they are not disturbed,\" said WBHRC chairman Justice (retd) Ashok Kumar Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461088", "title": "Anupam\u2019s Hollywood film gets The People\u2019s Choice Award", "text": "Anupam Kher's much-applauded Hollywood film, David Russell's Silver Linings Playbook has won the prestigious 'People's Choice' award at the Toronto Film Festival. Those from the Indian Bollywood fraternity who attended the just-concluded Toronto Film festival say Anupam's role in Silver Linings Playbook is just about the best most substantial role by an Indian actor in a Hollywood film.Anupam is guarded in his response to the compliment. \"I'm not saying anything about my role. I neither want to raise expectation of my audience back home nor play down my part. I know what it is .And I am very happy. I remember I was the first Indian actor to be in an Indian film Bend It like Bekham which broke into a non-Indian viewership. Today when I hear good things about my role in Silver Linings Playbook I feel I've come a long way. As an actor it has always been very important to keep growing as an actor. To me the country of a film's origin is not important. The profile of my part is what matters.I could be in Woody Allen's You Will Meet A Tall Dark Stranger or I could be in Kya Super Kool Hain Hum . I enjoyed doing both, I've done more than 450 films so far. I was only 26 when I played a 67-year old man in Saaraansh . From then on I have tried to break the mould in Indian films. No one has helped me get where I am. I did it on my own, fearlessly.\"About the People's Choice award Anupam says, \"It is an award based on the potential popularity of a film. It earlier went to Slumdog Millionaire and The King's Speech . So you can imagine what it means for our film to get the same honour.Now after the award the producers of Silver Linings Playbook are very confident of our product.Earlier it was going to release later in India. Now it may have a global release along with the rest of the world in November.\"About sharing screen space with the mighty Robert de Niro Anupam says, \"I've to admit he was my primary incentive for doing this film. But as a bonus I was offered a kickass role. So it was a double whammy for me.\"Having shared screen time with de Niro, Anupam says, \"I wouldn't call him a friend. He is a veteran and legend.I have admired him from the time I started acting. I was just happy to share screen space with him. Yes, we did spend time together. I had the chance to get to know him. But friends? No! That would be going too far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457106", "title": "Sewri TB hospital to get specialist", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC is soon going to appoint an infection control officer for Sewri Tuberculosis Hospital. A training module in infection control will be introduced for healthcare workers and civil engineers.\"We have started early TB detection camps for the hospital staff, apart from starting nutritious supplements for them,\" said additional civic commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar. Recently, the inspector gave more suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456971", "title": "CP orders probe against inspector", "text": "MUMBAI: Police commissioner Satya Pal Singh has ordered an inquiry against inspector Rakesh Sharma who was handpicked by ex-CP Arup Patnaik to be part of the crime branch control unit.\"There are some serious allegations against Sharma. He has, therefore, been shunted to the local arms division. I have asked the crime branch to conduct an inquiry against him and submit the report,\" Singh said. Asked if the inquiry pertains to a specific complaint, Singh said, \"There are all kinds of complaints against Sharma which need to be inquired into.\"Sharma came under the scanner after a huge quantity of diesel recovered from the oil mafia went missing.In September 2011, Sharma, as the head of the crime branch's control unit, unearthed an oil racket at high seas and seized 39,000 litres of diesel. Within a month, around 15,000 litres of the diesel allegedly went missing , following which an inquiry was ordered. While Sharma proceeded on leave, senior inspector of Yellow Gate police station Chandrakant Naik was transferred for negligence.Sharma said, \"There are always allegations against police personnel.In the earlier inquiry carried out by ACP Ravi Thakur, I have come out clean. I have no knowledge of any fresh inquiry but if there is one, I will come out clean. I am innocent and have only done my duty.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16458432", "title": "White coat ceremony at Panjab University dental college", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dr Harvansh Singh Judge Institute of Dental Sciences and Hospital, Panjab University, held its first white coat ceremony and induction programme for the BDS first year students of batch 2012 at the university auditorium on Tuesday.PU vice-chancellor A K Grover presided over the function, which commenced with traditional Saraswati Vandana and lighting of the lamp by the dignitaries. Ashish Jain, prinicipal of the institute, gave the inaugural address by welcoming the guests and giving a brief introduction of the university, institute and the BDS course. Amid the audience were the proud parents and families of the students.The vice-chancellor later donned the budding dentists with white coats to mark their entry into the institute. After they donned their coats the first year students took the student induction pledges thereby beginning a process of professional development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457559", "title": "Central Command hails former soldiers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Army on Tuesday launched a campaign aimed at deepening its respect for aged and retired soldiers. On the occasion, Lt Gen Anil Chait, general officer commanding-in-chief, Central Command also unveiled the 'Year of the Veteran' banner in the presence of hundreds of ex-army men who attended the programme with their family members. The year 2012 which is the golden jubilee year of Indian Army has been dedicated to the veterans (ex-servicemen).Lt Gen Chait briefed about the programmes to be launched for the welfare of nearly six lakh ex-servicemen within the geographical area of Central Command that extends over seven states. These states include Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha and Chhattisgarh. With UP alone accounting for nearly three lakh ex-servicemen, a pilot project had been taken.\"The contribution of veterans is unforgettable. They certainly deserve our support by all means,\" said Lt Gen Chait, adding that the campaign is premised along four verticals of entitlement, health, housing and re-employment. The project is launched under the three-phased mass contact programme and is underway in regions of western and eastern UP. Lt Gen Chait said that the pilot project is likely to conclude by December and based on the experience, it will be replicated in other regions of the command in March-April.In the first phase, Army teams have visited the villages and gathered preliminary data of the problems faced by ex-servicemen. After this, scrutiny will be done of the collected data. The final step of the process is a month-long drive to resolve the issues. An officer said that so far 911 complaints regarding issues likes housing and pension have been registered with the army. A blood camp was also organised on Tuesday, in which serving officers and soldiers from various districts of UP donated 200 units of blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "tandur", "code": "16455914", "title": "Idol damage triggers tension", "text": "TANDUR: Four persons, including a policeman, were injured and a few vehicles and several shops damaged in Tandur town in Rangareddy district on Tuesday, following a clash between members of two communities. The situation was brought under control late in the evening, while police clamped section 144 to maintain peace.Members of two groups pelted stones at each other during a rasta roko which was staged in protest against the damage caused to a Ganesh idol while it was being transported in the late hours of Monday by a group of unidentified miscreants. The Hindu Utsava Kendra Samithi called for a bandh on Tuesday which was supported by all major political parties.When the samithi activists were dissatisfied over the promise of the police that the culprits would be caught, they organised a rasta roko near Indira Chowk in the town. During the protest programme, some people hurled stones on them which was retaliated, leading to tension. The uneasy calm prevailed for over four hours as both the groups hurled stones at each other. An SI and three others were injured near Chinna Tandur. They were admitted to Tandur hospital for treatment.A bus belonging to Karnataka was damaged, while the agitators also attacked a few lorries. The miscreants attacked an auto, a footwear shop, a pan shop and roadside fruit shops. Rangareddy rural SP Rajakumari and collector Vaniprasad rushed to the town to assess the situation.The situation was brought under control and security beefed up in the area. Home minister Sabita Indra Reddy also reached the town in the evening. \"We will nab the culprits. If any communal riots break out, we will impose curfew,\" DIG Nagireddy said. Tandur is prone to communal violence and had witnessed violent clashes last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16455909", "title": "Senior Congress leader Mallu Ravi's son injured in accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior Congress leader Mallu Ravi's son Siddhartha and his friend suffered injuries in a road accident at the Outer Ring Road on Tuesday night.According to Pahadesharif police, the car in which Siddhartha was travelling rammed into a road divider due to tyre burst. Siddhartha and his friend who were travelling in the carsuffered injuries in the incident and they were rushed to a Jubilee Hills hospital. Police said that the victims suffered minor injuries and they are out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456708", "title": "Private schools must also teach the poor for free: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has taken an important step towards universal education by ruling that children from weaker and disadvantaged sections have a right to quality education free of cost in all government and private-run schools.This ruling could force private schools, mandated to admit students aged between 6 and 14 from weaker and disadvantaged groups free of cost under Article 21A of the Constitution guaranteeing right to education, to dismantle the separate sections they had created in every class for the poor and disadvantaged children.\"Provisions of free and compulsory education of satisfactory quality to children from disadvantaged and weaker section is, therefore, not merely the responsibility of schools run or supported by the appropriate governments, but also of schools which are not dependent on government funds, said a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and F M I Kalifullah.Writing the judgment for the bench in a case relating to qualification of teachers, Justice Chauhan said, \"The educational institutions must function to the best advantage of the citizens. Opportunity to acquire education cannot be confined to the richer section of the society. The policy framework behind education in India is anchored in the belief that the values of equality, social justice and democracy and the creation of a just and humane society can be achieved only through provisions of inclusive elementary education to all.\"The bench's judgment made more meaningful the Supreme Court's ruling in State of Tamil Nadu vs K Shyam Sunder last year, when it had said, \"The right of a child should not be restricted only to free and compulsory education but should be extended to have quality education without any discrimination on economic, social and cultural background.\"Justices Chauhan and Kalifullah said democracy depended for its very life on a high standard of general, vocational and professional education. \"Dissemination of learning with search for new knowledge with discipline all round must be maintained at all costs,\" the bench said.To maintain high standards of education and make it available to all without discrimination on grounds of economic, social or cultural background, a large number of trained teachers were required to impart quality elementary and basic education, the court said.Declining to dilute standards set by expert bodies for eligibility of candidates to become teachers, the bench said, \"The legislature in its wisdom, after consultation with the expert body, fixes the eligibility for a particular discipline taught in a school. Thus, the eligibility so fixed requires very strict compliance and any appointment in contravention thereof must be held to be void.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16460732", "title": "Raipur AIIMS to start from Sept 24", "text": "RAIPUR: In a bid to meet the Supreme Court's deadline for commencing the 2012-13 MBBS academic session before the end of this month, the under construction All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Raipur , is all set to start classes for the first batch of 50 students from September 24.Though the sprawling academic building and various students' hostels are still under construction, and may take another three months for completion, the AIIMS authorities claim to have made adequate arrangements to begin the session. AIIMS director, Dr Nitin Nagarkar, told TOI that 17 of the sanctioned 24 faculty members have already joined and classes for Anatomy, Physiology, Community Medicine and Biochemistry will commence from September 24.AIIMS, Raipur, is one of the six \"Delhi like AIIMS\" opened across the country by the health ministry under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).According to officials, the first batch of 50 students was finalized after two sessions of counseling. The second counseling session was necessitated as only 14 seats were filled in the first one.Officials said the selected students would be required to bring all their academic documents in original with them for verification and submission in the office of AIIMS, Raipur, on Sept 21.Claims of authorities apart, the commencement of the first session may not be a very smooth ride for the both the students and the faculty as complete infrastructure is still not in place. With the hostels still under construction, the students will be accommodated in the faculty staff quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459587", "title": "Sept 20 bandh upsets school, exam schedule", "text": "INDORE: With BJP's Bharat bandh on September 20 in the city, many city schools have rescheduled their semester examination date. The exams that were to be held on September 20 will now be held on October 1.\"We have to reschedule examination for safety of children and institution. We have, therefore, scheduled the examination date after the last test,\" said vice-principal of Delhi Public School Sunila Bajaj.The Sahodaya Group of Institutions too has decided to postpone the date of the examination to October 1. \"The Sahodaya Group has taken the decision to conduct an examination on October 1 because of bandh. The papers are already set. The adjustment of dates are yet to be done,\" director of New Digamber Public School Gopal Marwal said.Principal of South Indian Cultural Association Madhukar Pawar said the rescheduling of the examination might affect the performance of students. \"We have rescheduled the exam date to October 1. This change will definitely affect some students and their routine as they might have had some other plans.\"\"We have also rescheduled our time-table. We will hold the examination depending on the declaration of leave by collector,\" Dharam Verma of Daly College said. \"The regular school gets disturbed by such bandhs and especially when examinations are on,\" said a senior administrator of Shishukunj School. He agreed that the students are likely to get upset with the rescheduling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16457962", "title": "This September the wettest in three decades", "text": "NAGPUR: The month of September this year has been the wettest one that the city experienced in last three decades. The normal or expected rainfall in Nagpur during September is 170.9mm spread over a period of nine days. This year thirteen out of the first seventeen days of the month received a total 316.8mm of rainfall.In 1981, the monthly rainfall was 406.8mm. In the last decade, the earlier high was 310.5mm in 2005. A year before that, September 2004, had a total monthly rainfall of only 59.5mm. The highest recorded rainfall over the month in the city has been 627.1mm in 1891. Ironically, exactly a century later in the year 1991, the city received its lowest monthly rainfall in September amounting to a meagre 10.1mm.In terms of highest continuous rainfall in 24-hours, too, September this year was among the top few with 133.2mm rainfall in a day received on September 5. The highest ever rainfall in a day in the city was 184.4mm on 19 September, 1962.The total rainfall received in the season from June 1 until now is 1139.1mm. This is 20 per cent more than the normal seasonal rainfall of 954.6mm. This may increase further as there is still a fortnight for the month to end. Towards the end of June, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) had forecasted that the overall rainfall in the country will be an excess by at least two per cent this year, with a very wet September.\"The rainfall activity is towards decline now and the system, currently, does not make it look like we can expect a bountiful rain over the next couple of weeks. However, we can expect isolated showers in some areas of the state and region,\" said the officials of the regional Met department. He also said that some rainfall had occurred over Uttar Pradesh and nearby areas in the last couple of days.\"Also, an upper air cyclonic circulation is being observed over the Bay of Bengal. This means that towards the end of the month we could have some continuous showers here, too,\" he added.In the last one week, however, the city has seen rains below 1mm. This declining trend in rainfall has been seen in many cities and towns nearby too. On Tuesday, out of the eleven divisions of Nagpur district only Gondia received some rainfall.Top ten wettest years since 1901:Year Rainfall in September (in mm)1905450.01914322.31917477.21922390.61923327.91929344.91933375.41961427.01962380.41981406.8Highest monthly total rainfall of 627.1 mms was experienced in the year 1891.Minimum monthly total rainfall 10.1 mms in was experienced in the year 1991.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16457814", "title": "Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education to adopt grading system in supplementary exams", "text": "AJMER: The Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education has decided to adopt grading system in the supplementary examination of 2012. The board will declare only grades and not marks, said sourcesThe process that board has adopted is to issue marksheets to students indicating minimum marks got in supplementary exam and pass marks in other subjects of main exam. \"There will be a single marksheet for students appearing in supplementary exam,\" said Mirju Ram Sharma, secretary of the board.The grades will be based on marks the student got in supplementary exam. \"The total marks will be calculated as 33 even if he scored more marks in this exam,\" added Sharma. In previous process, there were two different marksheets given to students who appear in supplementary exam in which one is of main exam and other is of supplementary exam. But now, board will give single marksheet to students appeared in supplementary exam so that students don't have to carry two different marksheets. \"Students who want admission in higher education institutes will get it by cut-off grade further,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16459516", "title": "Rawail\u2019s acting school shuts shop?", "text": "Filmmaker Rahul Rawail's (of Betaab and Arjun fame) acting school that was launched by Rishi Kapoor , Kajol , Priya Dutt and Poonam Dhillon amidst a lot of fanfare has shut shop. When we visited the academy situated in Ajivasan Building 'B' Wing on Juhu Tara Road, we found the place locked. We learnt that playback singer Suresh Wadkar is now using the place to hold his music classes every evening.The watchman of the building, who was on duty told TOI that Rawail does not visit his school premises anymore. \" Rahul saab had taken the place on rent. Lekin who toh school bandh karke chale gaye ,\" said the security personnel.According to a section of the industry, Rawail's acting school shut down since the responsedidnotmeetRawail'sexpectations.others believe that the filmmaker's health issues may have come in the way. In February this year, Rawail was admitted in the Intensive Care Unit(ICU) of Lilavati Hospital for eight days,after he felt giddy at a private party.When contacted, a promising student from Rawail's acting school, Diana did not deny the story, but refused to speak on the matter. We called Rawail several times and even sent him text messages asking him what went wrong and if he had plans to have a similar set up elsewhere in Mumbai, but he chose not to respond.At the launch of his school in 2010, Rawail had said, \"It's the first Indian branch of the world-famous Stella Adler Studio Of Acting. And Sunny's (Deol) son Karan is my first student.\" Stella Adler's school in New York is named after Marlon Brando's first acting teacher. It's the world's most well known acting school, having trained many Hollywood legends like Anthony Quinn , Warren Beatty , Candice Bergen and others. Even Vinod Khanna's son Sakshi did a course in . from Rawail's school.Last heard, Rawail was getting ready to direct Sunny Deol starrer Ghayal 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456871", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's pullout act fails to convince Left", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left Front's constant taunt to Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee provoking her to withdraw and not merely keep threatening UPA-II took a serious turn on Tuesday, with didi actually deciding to pull the plug. But Left is still not convinced and thinks it could be yet another instance of crying-wolf.CPM's Sitaram Yechury said in 2001, too, Banerjee had pulled out of NDA government on the issue of bifurcation of railway divisions by then railway minister Nitish Kumar. The ploy was to come out and contest West Bengal election with Congress. \"Trinamool lost the election and joined the NDA immediately. If she wants to withdraw why wait till Friday?\" Yechury asked. He thinks the last has not been heard on the issue.On the other hand, CPI openly congratulated Banerjee for her decision to withdraw. Gurudas Dasgupta said it is a welcome decision that would further weaken the UPA-II government.There is a sense of glee in Left's ranks with Banerjee's decision. Left leaders say in case her withdrawal is for real it would mean that Trinamool and Congress would not go to polls together. \"Congress might be in the margins but it still has crucial 9%-10% votes that could make the difference. Even with our worst defeat in 2011, we had more than 40% votes. An antagonistic relationship between Trinamool-Congress could mean Left can improve its performance whenever the next election takes place. It could be anytime soon. Countdown has begun,\" a senior Left leader said.Arithmetic apart, Left also recognizes that Banerjee's withdrawal on an issue that has traditionally been its core constituency has turned the table on the main rival in Bengal. \"Banerjee has already demonstrated against diesel price hike and FDI, while Left and other parties are still making plans. In case, she supports on FDI what would be Left tell people. She is beating us in the perception game and has successfully blunted Left's rhetoric. She could be the ultimate winner,\" another Left leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "16458043", "title": "Elevated road crumbles in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: A major tragedy was averted on Monday evening when a major portion of one of the elevated roads being constructed on the national highway-1 crumbled down near Shamgarh village.This portion of the elevated road had been constructed around a month ago. Though the exact cause is yet to be ascertained, senior officials of the NHAI blamed the incessant rain. A huge chunk of the road was washed away and a 30-foot concrete wall too collapsed.The incident created panic amongst residents of the nearby villages who gathered at the site and raised slogans against the construction company, expressing apprehensions that the company must have used sub-standard material. They also demanded that an inquiry by an independent agency.The construction company has already opened five out of 10 bridges that have been constructed in the district. It was learnt that a small portion of the bridge near Gharonda had also crumbled a few days ago, and the company was still working on getting it repaired. There were traffic snarls all over the place due to diversions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16461300", "title": "3000 detonators and 90 quintal of ammonium nitrate recovered in Bihar, 7 held", "text": "SASARAM: Seven persons were arrested and a huge quantity of detonators and explosive materials were recovered on Wednesday from Gopi Bigaha village in Bihar's Rohtas district.Acting on a tip off, the police raided the village and recovered 3000 detonators and 90 quintal of ammonium nitrate meant for use in illegal mining of natural resources, superintendent of police Manu Maharaj said.The police has arrested seven persons in this connection, he said.The accused were involved in illegal mining earlier, Maharaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "16458410", "title": "Man murdered for running over pet dog", "text": "SIVAGANGA: A 37-year-old building contractor was stabbed to death in Sivaganga district for accidentally running his car over a pup, on Monday night.The accused, who also happened to be a small-time contractor, was arrested by the police. \"We inquired if there was any other motive for the murder. But there appeared to be none. It was a spur of the moment action on the part of the accused after seeing his pup being run over by the car,\" said a police officer.Police said that K Balasubramanian (37) of K Velangudiputhur, a civil engineer, was returning home in the car after visiting Karaikudi. At around 9.30pm, he entered his street and was driving down towards his house when he ran over the native-bred pup killing it on the spot.\"We don't know whether Balasubramanian noticed it or not, but he proceeded and stopped the car in front of his house. The pup's owner, Periyannan (55) residing in the same locality saw his pet die and followed the car. He picked up a quarrel with Balasubramanian. In a fit of rage, he pulled out a knife he had brought and stabbed Balasubramanian,\" the police officer said.Periyannan was in an inebriated state, he said adding that the police are also inquiring why he was in possession of the knife when he visited Balasubramanian's house.Balasubramanian suffered multiple stabs and collapsed in a pool of blood as Periyannan fled the spot. Balasubramanian's family members, who rushed out hearing his cries, took him to a private hospital, but was referred to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai, as his condition was critical. However, doctors at the GRH declared him brought dead. Subsequently, police arrested Periyannan.Balasubramanian was a former DMK youth wing organiser in Sakkottai union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457029", "title": "Mira-Bhayander region gets first artificial pond for immersion", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira-Bhayander region has got its first artificial pond for immersion of idols. The civic administration, however, has been unsuccessful in preventing immersion in the natural lakes.The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) had banned immersion in the Mandli lake in Bhayander (West) during Ganesh Chaturthi from this year. Over 400 small idols are immersed in this lake every year. The civic administration constructed a 10x20 feet artificial pond adjacent to the lake for the purpose.However, the Shiv Sena and BJP protested the decision to ban immersion in the natural lake. Under pressure from political parties, the MBMC has now decided to allow immersion in the Mandli lake. Civic officials said the ban will be imposed from next year to protect the lake whose fish are dying due to pollution. The region has around 14 natural lakes in which immersion takes place every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16458881", "title": "Flat allottees move court on 40% price hike", "text": "NOIDA: Allottees of the 2006 residential housing scheme who gained possession of their flats on Monday, have decided to move court against the Authority's decision to raise the allotment price by almost 40%. Soon after the draw for 1,400 LIG and EWS flats on Monday, the allottees were informed of the hike. The reason: hike in property prices over the past six years. This would come to an additional charge of about Rs 5 lakh for each allottee.In 2006, the Noida Authority had floated a scheme for 2,150 flats in sectors 99, 100 and 135. Out of these, 400 flats were kept for the economically weaker sections (EWS), 1,050 flats for low-income group (LIG) applicants, and 500 and 200 flats for medium-income group (MIG) and high-income group (HIG) applicants respectively.The allottees were supposed to get possession of all flats latest by March 16, 2010. While some of the flats were allotted, many allottees were made to wait even after they had paid all the instalments, running into several lakhs. After repeated complaints and threats of court cases, the Authority finally conducted a draw on Monday.\"At the time of launching the scheme, the Authority had claimed that each allottee was a successful applicant and would be allotted a flat. We were told we will soon be given our respective flats and floor numbers, so we should deposit the entire cost of the flats, which, we did after taking hefty loans,\" said P C Shekhar, an allottee.\"In the past six years, we have approached every official of the Authority, written countless letters and attended hundreds of meetings. Now that the draw has been completed finally, the Authority has struck a fresh blow by asking almost 40% more for our flats. We have requested the Authority to reconsider the hike but we may also have recourse to law,\" he said.According to the Authority's as well as the allottees' records, for the LIG flats allottees have already paid Rs 13.3-14 lakh at the time of submission of application in November 2006, and the balance Rs 11.9 lakh in March 2007, when the draw was originally scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456652", "title": "Flip-flops hide street-smart politics", "text": "KOLKATA: Unpredictability is what defines Mamata Banerjee. Her arch rivals and admirers alike have borne the brunt of it at various phases of her politics of brinkmanship that made this mercurial leader a giant beater and creator of history.Even her most faithful associates had given up when Mamata was routed in the 2001 assembly elections after quitting the NDA cabinet following the Tehelka expose. Her party's downslide reached the nadir in the 2004 Lok Sabha polls when she was the only MP from her party. But Mamata made a dramatic turnaround in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections and then demolished the Left two years later. Her electoral graph is still on the rise.Congress veterans would recall how Mamata Banerjee \u2014 the Union sports minister in the Narasimha Rao government in 1993 \u2014 took to the streets of Kolkata against her own government and offered to resign because her proposals were being ignored. Her seniors in the party discounted her as a \"mad woman\", but it did not stop Mamata from taking the stance she preferred.Mamata's relationship with the BJP has been just as turbulent. There were occasions in the NDA ministry when Mamata stopped attending the coordination committee meetings, prompting NDA convenor George Fernandes to come down to her Harish Chatterjee Street residence to make peace with her. Even Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited her home \u2014 something PMs seldom do.Mamata always followed her mind. She resigned as railway minister after the Tehelka expose but found her way back into the NDA cabinet as coal minister.Since then Mamata has been dabbling between the two polarities \u2014 Congress and BJP \u2014 with one option left for her that has been a popular strain with the Left. According to Trinamool insiders, Mamata is now banking on the emergence of a Third Front against the \"blackmailing of the Congress\". On Tuesday she said: \"The Congress is playing games with parties \u2014 try Mamata, or Mulayam or Mayawati to keep the government running. We are the second largest ally of the UPA but I am sorry to say that we didn't get our due. We have been kept in the dark while major decisions were taken at the Centre. And the Congress has always been into blackmailing.\"Mamata has had a bitter experience with Samajwadi Party's Mulayam Singh during the presidential polls, but she hasn't given up hope. \"Some people are saying that it would be bad for us to lose the railway ministry. So what? Who knows if a situation will emerge when our party gets to handle many more portfolios than railways?\" Mamata said.The remarkable thing in all these flip flops is that Mamata could feel the public pulse and positioned herself to fit the changing political coalition by burying the past. And the predictable thing about her is that she has never finished a full term as an ally in any central coalition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457349", "title": "Harassed by youth, girl hangs herself in classroom", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 17-year-old girl, student of class XII of a school in Sitapur district, ended her life hanging herself inside a classroom, on Tuesday. The girl's parents alleged that a local youth had been harassing her for almost a year now. They had lodged a written complaint with the local police in this regard a few months back, but no action was taken.Police, however, maintained that in the absence of a suicide note, the exact cause of what prompted the 17-year-old to take the extreme step was yet to be established. \"We are looking into claims made by the girl's parents of lodging a written complaint against the youth harassing her and no action being initiated,\"said inspector Vinay Gautum, in charge of the kotwali police station under which the incident took place.The girl's body was spotted on Tuesday morning when a peon at Arya Kanya Inter College found the doors of a classroom on the first floor locked from inside. He peeped through the space between the two doors to find the body hanging from the ceiling above the teacher's table. He intimated the college authorities who in turn informed the local police.The girl was identified as Prateeksha Awasthi, 17, a student of class XII. Police confirmed she had come to the college very early on Tuesday morning. She ended her life before any of her classmates could arrive, police said.Prateeksha's father Dharmendra Awasthi told TOI on phone from Sitapur that his daughter was being harassed constantly by a local youth Aman for almost a year now. \"He used to call her up repeatedly and stalk her whenever she went out of the house,\" he said, adding they had submitted a written complaint with the police a few months ago and reminded them about it verbally several times but no action was initiated. He confirmed that his daughter had gone to the college on Tuesday morning.Additional superintendent of police (ASP), Sitapur, BB Singh, said those investigating the case were waiting for the post mortem report to confirm the exact cause of death before taking the investigations further. \"We have not found any suicide note from her bag recovered from the classroom,\"he said. He confirmed that police found the doors of the classroom latched from inside when they arrived at the scene, which ruled out possibility of foul play.Inspector Gautum said the scene of crime and circumstantial evidence supported the suicide theory. \"There were no signs of struggle on the body of the victim or inside the classroom,\" he said, adding, \"We have heard that the girl was friendly with a local youth and that the family was opposed to their relationship but it is being verified.\"On Saturday, a 14-year-old girl immolated herself in Kanpur. She succumbed to burn injuries at the hospital on Monday night. Allegations are that she was being harassed by a youth Rohit and his friends for some time. On Saturday, Rohit intercepted her. The girl returned home, locked herself in a room and set herself on fire. She was later rushed to the hospital. Kanpur police chief Amitabh Yash confirmed the girl was being hounded by Rohit and his friends. About a month ago, on a complaint by the victim's family, Rohit was arrested but got bailed out. Ever since, he had been harassing the girl all the more regularly and blatantly. After her death, the accused was said to be absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457532", "title": "Atop a tree, he champions green cause", "text": "BANGALORE: The setting couldn't be more apt for this green champion to spread his message. From atop a tree-house, 32-year-old Bangalorean Brikesh Singh writes, tweets, meets people, eats food provided by a local NGO, and most of all, voices concern about the ill-effects of setting up coalbased power plants inside reserve forests. Since September 1, Brikesh has been living atop the tree-house in Chandrapur on the edge of the buffer zone of Tadoba Andheri Tiger Reserve in Maharashtra.And he will be there till the month-end, highlighting the practical disadvantages of running such power plants inside forests. The timing too is perfect with the coal allocation scam causing a political storm. Concerned at the dwindling number of tigers in the reserve, he said: \"Such apathy needs serious redressal and through this campaign, we want to reach out to people.\" A team from Bangalore built Brikesh's home using only nuts and bolts, sans nails. The solar-powered 14-ft high treehouse helps the Greenpeace activist monitor the situation, both at the thermal plant and in the tiger corridor.The DemandAhead of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity in Hyderabad next month (Oct 8-19), the group led by Brikesh want a moratorium on allocating coal mines in forest areas. Till date, Brikesh says 2.2 lakh people have joined online campaign 'www.junglistan. com' where an online petition seeks support of the masses. Activists say the wildlife corridor in the area is also being given out to a big player for another thermal plant and this will restrict wildlife movement in the forest.No climbdown on climateA Mumbai native, Brikesh made Bangalore his home in 2006 when he was shifted to the Greenpeace headquarters here in the city. He had dropped out of his BCom course to pursue his mission to save wildlife and forests. Since then there has been no climbdown \u2014 in 2007, he climbed up a 260-foot smokestack of a thermal power station in Kolaghat.He repeated the feat in 2009 when he scaled the British Parliament ahead of the Copenhagen Climate Summit along with 56 fellow activists and unfurled the banner 'Change the Politics, Save the Climate' at the top. And in Bangalore, he climbed up a tree in July last year to protest against tree felling on Sankey road for roadwidening. He was atop the tree for 24 hours and thanks to his effort, the tree remains intact.\"If for one tree, I could be atop for 24 hours, this is a bigger issue which needs immediate attention and thus my month-long stay here. Yes, at night it gets scary and therefore I don't venture out after dark,\" says Brikesh. He, however, has one regret: \"I haven't seen a leopard or tiger yet, hopefully I will get to see one soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "16461030", "title": "'Koshish '12' fest warms campus at Punjab College of Technical Education", "text": "Ferozepur Road: The students of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) are spending this week exhibiting their literary and cultural talents at 'Koshish '12'. On the second day of the festival, postgraduate and undergraduate students of the college participated in British parliamentary debate competition and group discussion. Apart from the engineering students, students from Institute of Hotel Management, Institute of Pharmacy, Institute of Management and Technology and Business School are participating in the week-long fest. The students got a platform to display their intellectual and logical abilities, opinions and research and analysis skills. The topics analyzed and debated by students included 'the house believes jasmine revolution is a repetition of the late 1980s, 'THB Gandhis and Abdullahs will make the next leaders', 'the EU not ought to expand' and 'the house will not take Armstrong's medals away'. About 540 students participated in the group discussion, of which 16 made it to the finals after several rounds, after discussing various social, political and economical issues. In the preliminary rounds of quiz, 150 teams of two students each took a written test. The semifinalists of literary events will compete on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457564", "title": "Police officials on trail of riot-and-vanish mobsters", "text": "LUCKNOW: The violent attack on a police station in Masuri (Ghaziabad) and the subsequent police firing in which six persons were killed last Friday has turned out to be a pre-meditated and planned act of \"outsiders\" (residents not belonging to Masuri) who triggered the mob frenzy till the police opened fire. On the other hand, a host of similarities between the September 14 violence in Ghaziabad that the anti-Assam protests that turned violent in Mumbai on August 11, have left the police top brass shaken as they fear emergence of a completely new face of communal violence, much more destructive than ever before.At least six persons including two teenagers were killed in the Masuri hamlet of Ghaziabad when police opened fire to quell a frenzied mob that indulged in arson and attacked a police station allegedly after the men in khaki failed to initiate prompt action into a complaint related to desecration of a holy book. On Monday, police registered a criminal case against 5,000 unidentified arsonists. Scared of a possible police retaliation and arrests, residents of the area had sent the younger lot of the village to far off places, outside Ghaziabad.Highly placed sources in the state home department and the director general of police headquarters here shared that police investigation into the violence is now throwing up evidence suggesting that though the local populace was very much involved in the violence, the actual frenzy was triggered off by a group that did not belong to the village or even to any of the adjoining areas. This came into light during close and repeated screening of the video footage and photographs of the mob frenzy before and after the police opened fire. The material evidence comprises hard copies made available by news channel crews and photo journalists present at the scene of crime during the violence. It may be mentioned here that two of the six victims of police firing have been identified as natives of Meerut district.Ghaziabad district magistrate Aparna Upadhyay told TOI that investigators were reviewing material evidence to establish identity and role of the accused who went on the rampage inside the Masuri police station. \"There are quite a few faces that have never been seen in the area before. Some of these suspects were spotted playing a pro-active role before the actual violence began early in the evening. Who were they and why were they at the scene of crime was being verified to establish that violence was triggered by them as part of some deep-rooted controversy,\" said a senior officer at the state home department. There are indications that the trouble originated from near a railway halt near Masuri-the spot from where half burnt pages of a sacred book were recovered earlier.Sources at the DGP headquarters confirmed no arrests had been made in connection with the violence till late Tuesday evening. \"We were not sure of the identity of those who spearheaded the violence and arson in which more than two dozen automobiles were reduced to ashes. This was in fact one reason why police have not named a single individual in the FIR related to the violent incidents and have described the accused as an unidentified 5,000-strong mob,\" said additional director general of police (ADG) Law &amp; Order (LO) Jagmohan Yadav. He said police were working overtime to trace the accused. On allegations that police failed to respond to the emergency timely and opened fire when the situation could have been resolved without doing the same, he said an inquiry was underway into all aspects of the incident.Action will be initiated against those found responsible for lapses if any on the basis of the findings of the inquiry being conducted by divisional commissioner Ghaziabad, he said.What left the police top brass jittery is a series of similarities between the Ghaziabad violence and mayhem that broke out in Mumbai about a month ago resulting in the death of two persons in police firing. In both incidents of violence, investigators have established that outsiders played a pro-active role. \"In both the incidents, media persons were singled out and attacked. In Mumbai, investigators scanning the footage of close circuit television cameras installed at the railway stations across the metropolis, had also established a group of men carrying sticks and rods, getting off a local train at a railway halt close to the scene of crime,\" said a senior police officer adding: \"In Ghaziabad too, media persons were singled out and attacked while the half burnt pages of the holy book were found near a local railway halt. The railway halt is not under CCTV cover, so we don't know how the half burnt pages landed at the place from where they were recovered.\"Retired IPS and former Director General of Police (DGP) Uttar Pradesh KL Gupta says the reason behind the unprovoked attack on media persons at two places could possibly be aimed at destroying the video and photo footage of the violence so that the accused remained unidentified. \"There does not seem any other reason behind it except for an attempt aimed at concealing the identity of those leading the violent mob,\" said Gupta. \"If there is a definite and deliberate pattern in the two incidents, it is a matter of serious concern for security agencies in the state. The most disturbing aspect here is that outsiders are provoking a mob to feed vested interests and disappearing. The locals are left to face the police action that follows despite the fact that they were provoked into a confrontation and had not attacked the police all by themselves,\" says Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16460025", "title": "Air India-Singapore Airport Terminal Services(AI-Sats) pulls strings to take over ground handling at Cial", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ernakulam MP and minister of state for agriculture K V Thomas has written to union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to handover ground handling operations at Cial to Air India-Singapore Airport Terminal Services Ltd (AI-Sats).Ajit Singh's office has in turn written to Rohit Nandan, CMD, Air India, asking him to 'look into the matter'. This comes at a time when questions are being raised as to how AI-Sats gained entry into Thiruvananthapuram and Mangalore airports without following due processes, as Trivandrum has been generating revenue of Rs 43 crores and handingover the airport to a JV would entail revenue sharing.K V Thomas' letter dated July 4, 2012, states: \"I am writing to you with the request of handing over ground handling services at Cial to AI-Sats for ensuring quality of service to various customer airlines. Air India has been the sole ground handling agency at Cial for many years...Initially there was a proposal to hand-over ground handling services to AI-Sats...But, now, Air India seems to have decided against it.\"Thomas said he was approached by Padmaja Venugopal's son Karun Menon, an AI-Sats employee and Binoy Jacob, AVP, AI-Sats, asking him to push their cause. TOI also accessed a letter written by K Satish Nambudiripad, private secretary of Thomas, addressed to Prabhat Kumar, private secretary of Ajit Singh, and forwarded to Rohit Nandan on August 27, 2012 asking Singh's office to expedite the process and meet with Jacob and Menon for further clarifications.When contacted, Jacob said, \"Cial invited us for ground handling, as Air India has lost many clients to WFS (another ground handling agency), because of their poor service.\"However, Cial only said that it had no objections to Air India's wholly-owned subsidiary, Air India Air Transport Services Limited (AIATSL) undertaking the work (as per the ground handling policy) and did not 'invite' AI-Sats.In the case of Air India, Cial floated a tender in 1998 (valid for ten years) and in 2008 Cial floated another tender through which WFS gained entry. According to the ground handling policy, if a third agency has to be permitted, the airport should have a metro status. And if AI-Sats comes as a third agency, there will be a clear conflict of interest between Air India as a ground handling agency and AI-Sats as a joint venture, eating into each other's business.\"We have a tendering process and do not invite any agency. Air India Charters Limited (AICL) was solely set up with the purpose of ground handling but it was decided to dissolve the company and transfer AICL staff to AIATSL,\" said Cial director A C K Nair.At present, close to 300 AIATSL employees carry out ground handling at Cial.EOMErnakulam MP and Minister of state for Agriculture K V Thomas has written to union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to handover ground handling functions at Cochin International Airport to Air India-Singapore Airport Terminal Services Ltd (AI-Sats). Ajit Singh's office has in turn written to Rohit Nandan, CMD, Air India, asking him to \"look into the matter\". This comes at a time when questions are being raised as to how AI-Sats gained entry into Trivandrum and Mangalore airports without any tendering or cabinet nod.KV Thomas' letter dated July 4, 2012, said: \"I am writing to you with the request of handing over ground handling services at Cochin International Airport to AI-Sats for ensuring quality of service to various customer Airlines, as well as travelling public. As you are aware, Air India has been the sole ground handling agency at Cochin International Airport for many years...Initially there was a proposal to hand-over the ground handling services to AI-Sats...However, now, Air India seems to have decided against allowing AI-Sats to take over ground handling functions.\"KV Thomas said he was approached at his office in New Delhi by Padmaja Venugopal's son Karun Menon an AI-Sats employee (HR, Admin, Trivandrum) and Binoy Jacob, Assistant Vice President, AI-Sats, asking him to push the AI-Sats' cause at the Ministry of Civil Aviation.\"Padmaja's son had come to meet me and he wanted some recommendation. I get thousands of requests every week. I didn't think much about it. As he requested, I asked my office to write a letter to Ajit Singh to allow AI-Sats to takeover ground handling there,\" said Thomas.The TOI also accessed another letter written by K Satish Nambudiripad, private secretary of KV Thomas addressed to Prabhat Kumar, private secretary Ajit Singh and forwarded to CMD Rohit Nandan on August 27, 2012 asking Ajit Singh's office to expedite the process and meet with AI-Sats AVP, Binoy Jacob and Karun Menon. \"I am desired to request you to kindly look into the matter. It will be appreciated if Binoy Jacob and Karun Menon of the AI-stats could meet with you to brief you about the matter as and when convenient to you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16455729", "title": "Ajmal Kasab shoots off mercy plea to President in Hindi", "text": "MUMBAI: Convicted Pakistani gunman Ajmal Amir Kasab himself wrote his mercy petition in Hindi, which has been sent to the President of India's office. Kasab was taught Hindi before entering India by Abu Jundal, an Indian LeT operative who is now in police custody.\"Jail manual rules state that every convict or an undertrial should be made aware of their rights. Jail authorities helped Kasab write his mercy petition. He knows Hindi and wrote it on his own,\" said a police source.The petition, Arthur Road jail authorities said, was sent to the state home department a few days ago, and from there to the President's office.Maharashtra government, on its part, wants the Centre to expedite his punishment and dispose of his mercy plea, \"bypassing\" the existing wait list. Reacting to reports on the plea, home minister R R Patil on Tuesday said he will ask the Centre to give it a hearing on a priority basis.\"He has been convicted for waging a war against the nation. The Pakistani gunmen's case is different from others who have filed mercy petitions. The Government of India should process it on priority to ensure speedy disposal of the case,\" Patil said.Kasab, now 25, has been convicted on 86 charges. His death penalty was upheld by the Supreme Court last month.After the judgment, Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde had said that Kasab's plea would be disposed of in minimum time. As per provisions of the law, there is no time limit for disposing of a mercy petition.If executed, Kasab will be the 52nd person to be hanged in India since Independence. However, jail authorities did not explain whether he wanted to go for a review of his sentence in the Supreme Court before a bigger bench.On August 29, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad in the SC had dismissed his plea challenging his conviction and death sentence in the 26/11 case.The petition copy will be forwarded from the President's office to the Union home ministry for its remarks, from where it will be sent back to the President's office. Kasab and nine other Pakistani terrorists who entered Mumbai on November 26, 2008, killed 166 people, including 18 foreigners.Of all the terrorists, only Kasab was captured alive. Ahead of him are people such as Mohammed Afzal Guru, the terrorist condemned to the gallows for his involvement in the December 2001 Parliament attack case, awaiting decision on mercy petitions.According to the home ministry's factsheet on people on the death row, a total of 29 mercy petitions seeking pardon, under Article 72 of the constitution are still pending with the Central government. At least seven of the condemned prisoners -- six from Uttar Pradesh and one from Tamil Nadu -- have been able to survive for more than 14 years as their pleas are pending with Rashtrapati Bhawan since 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460737", "title": "Chandan adopts a tiger!", "text": "Odia actor Chandan Kar doesn't believe in following trends. When almost every other celebrity in Ollywood celebrate their birthdays with much pomp and glory, Chandan went and adopted a tiger cub the day he turned 31!When TOI contacted him, the actor said that he wanted to do something noble on his special day this year. \"My uncle worked at the forest department when I was a kid. One day he came to our house along with two cute tiger cubs. The animals were on their way to the Nandan Kanan Zoo.They spent a whole day at our home and I played with them to my heart's content. Since then I have developed a soft corner for tigers. Moreover, I was quite moved by the campaign which talked about saving the Indian tigers and for a long time wanted to do something for the betterment of the animals,\" the actor shared with us, adding, \"I didn't know that we can adopt any animal from Nandan Kanan. Recently, a friend of mine told me gave me this information. So, I contacted the zoo authorities and adopted a cub called Bijaya. I wanted the day to be a memorable one, so I adopted Bijaya on my birthday. I shared the whole afternoon with the cub and also fed her. It was an exciting day for me.\" The most interesting part of this story is that Chandan and Bijaya share the same birthday! \"I think it's a very good sign that Bijaya turned one and I turned 31 on the very same day. I hope she'll have a very happy life under my care,\" Chandan signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457855", "title": "Student thrashed with iron pipes, locked in room for not attending extra class", "text": "JAIPUR: In a yet another case of corporal punishment, a student of Class X of a private school in Nani town of Sikar district was beaten up with an iron pipe by his teacher for not turning up for extra classes held on Sunday.The incident took place on Monday when Prakash Chaudhary (16), a student of DAV school, arrived for his regular class. The teacher initially asked him why he did not appear for extra classes that took place on Sunday. Later he started thrashing him black and blue with an iron pipe and also locked him inside a room until the school got over, police said.Prakash was shattered when he returned to his house in the evening. When his parents asked why he was looking disheartened, the boy narrated the incident, said a police officer.\"His parents came to us and lodged a case against the teacher and director of the school,\" said the officer.The victim sustained serious injuries on his lower back and was admitted to Sri Kalyan government hospital. \"At least five blood clots were found on various parts of his body including his shoulders and lower back. He is out of danger,\" said the officer.On Tuesday, police officers visited the boy at the hospital and recorded his statement. The boy has alleged that he apologized to the teacher for his absence in the extra class held on Sunday, but the teacher started thrashing him.\"The matter is under investigation and we have summoned the director of the school for clarification,\" the officer added.However, the school authorities have claimed ignorance about the incident and the police also spoke to the classmates of the victims to know what exactly took place on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16457799", "title": "S Jose locals petition govt over illegality", "text": "MARGAO: The Sao Jose de Areal Villagers' Union (SJAVU), in a letter written to the chief minister, chief secretary and the chief engineer of the water resources department, pointed out that the multi-dwelling residential cum commercial complex at Sao Jose de Areal, has come up on a portion of land that was earlier acquired by the state government.The SJAVU, which has already filed a public interest litigation before the high court of Bombay at Goa, has pointed out in the letter that \"a portion of the land under survey number 59/3 of the village Sao Jose de Areal, which used to be prime agricultural land before it was destroyed for the construction of the project in question was acquired by the government of Goa in respect of an area admeasuring 204 sq m for construction of water course No. 8 of distributor D2 of the Selaulim irrigation project\".\"The developer has in the acquired portion of the land now constructed a building as a part of its project. This building is constructed over the water course 8 which is a part of the Selaulim irrigation project,\" the letter points out.Further pointing out that the developer made a representation to the chief secretary on September 7, 2012, offering to transfer in favour of the state government land admeasuring 250 sq m in lieu of the acquired portion admeasuring 204 sq m, the SJAVU has placed on record its strong objections to any move to accept the said offer.\"Allowing any building to be constructed on this land will permanently and irreparably damage and alter the water courses and canals running through the same which are part of the irrigation scheme and thereby affect the surrounding agricultural fields,\" the letter signed by SJAVU president Salvador Fernandes, states, alleging that the developer has \"unscrupulously misappropriated government land for its private interests in connivance with the authorities\".The SJAVU has demanded that an FIR be registered against the developer for \"trespassing into government property\" and immediate action be taken for demolition of the \"illegal\" construction and restoration of the acquire land to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460388", "title": "Dutt\u2019s the sound of Ringtone", "text": "Suman Ghosh's Ringtone is sounding more melodious than ever. After pulling off a coup of sorts by bringing together Tollywood's first couple \u2014 Prosenjit and Arpita Chatterjee \u2014 he has added to his cast another big name. Buzz is that the film will star Anjan Dutt in an important role.Suman, it's heard, had etched the character keeping Dutt in mind. A black comedy-meets-science fiction, the film deals with the impact of technology on human psychology and how it's affecting present-day relationships. Dutt will get under the skin of a senior research scientist dealing with such problems, while Prosenjit and Arpita will play newly-weds. In the film, Prosenjit will be seen essaying the role of a cellphone company employee fighting the challenges that technology has thrown at him and his marriage. WhenTOI got in touch with Dutt, he refused to divulge the details. \"Yes, Suman did approach me for his film, but I'm yet to go through the script as I am busy with Galileo, one of Brecht's most complex works, which will be staged soon,\" he says. Interestingly, Dutt, who is back to stage after 20 long years as Italian physicist Galileo in his production, will be seen playing a scientist in Ringtone. Point out the similarities and he says, \"Right now, I don't feel like directing films, so I am back to serious theatre that I once did. Back then, I felt it was not financially viable and to eke out a living, I started directing films. I even learnt the nuances of theatre in Germany. I feel it is just the right age for me to play Galileo. Apart from live bands, there will be a lot of Brechtian music in the production. The set design will be elemental yet contemporary.\" After a gap, Dutt will start directing Ganesh Talkies from December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456837", "title": "40% of Mumbai's seniors live alone", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of an elderly couple in Kandivli and the murder of an octogenarian in Chembur have yet again put the spotlight on the loneliness and isolation senior citizens in Mumbai contend with every day. At least three senior citizens have been murdered in the city this month alone.Officials at HelpAge India, a voluntary organisation which works for the welfare of senior citizens, estimate that nearly 39% of the elderly in the Maximum City live alone or with their ageing spouses. \"Many of them live, suffer and die alone,\" says HelpAge's director Prakash Borgaonkar.Borgaonkar points out that many ageing couples' children are working and settled abroad. Or the children have moved out and are living separately in the suburbs, with little regular contact with their parents.Left confined within the four walls of their homes and devoid of company, many seniors are pushed into a cycle of loneliness and despair. \"Loneliness is a major problem among this demographic group and it often leads to depression , which makes senior citizens even more reticent and withdrawn from the society,\" says Dr S Kinjawadekar, president of the All India Senior Citizens' Confederation.The despair is reflected in the growing number of calls received on helplines for the elderly. The police helpline for senior citizens got 24,863 calls in 2011, up from 18,300 in 2008. While this may be an outcome of more awareness about the helplines, counsellors believe it also indicates a growing want among seniors to reach out for help. Both Dignity Foundation and HelpAge India receive about six calls on their helplines daily where the old just want to speak to someone. \"Longevity is increasing and those beyond 80 feel more lonely,\" says Dr Kinjawadekar.Sheilu Sreenivasan, founder of Dignity Foundation, believes the elderly-even those living alone-can get more positiveness in their lives through willpower and effort. \"Much of old age is in one's own hands and unrelated to money or children. It is entirely up to you how you grow old and not get old,\" she says. Sreenivasan recommends that senior citizens should get out of their homes, seek volunteers' help and enrol in elderly associations and peer groups.Geriatricians list the host of alternatives available to the elderly. They can join laughter clubs or walkers' groups, where friendships are formed. \"Senior citizens should also keep in touch with relatives or neighbours occasionally so that someone would be alerted if they feel unwell or need help,\" advises Borgaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16457681", "title": "Water all around but not a drop to drink", "text": "At the Indian Water Works annual conference held in Goa on August 24 and 25, the director of the international water works association, Anand Wachasunder, who is also in charge of the Japan international cooperative agency, a collaborative project for Goa, declared that Goa could boast of 24x7 water supply. 'Assuring water security on a sustainable basis' being the theme of the conference, Wachasunder hoped and wished that Goa would have the distinction of being the first state in the country to supply water 24x7 to its 15 lakh residents (as of today).After pursuing the scientific data presented at the international conference and analyzing all scientific and technical data available through interactions with PWD engineers, including the principal chief engineer J E Rego, my observations about water availability and sustainability for the people of Goa and the future generations are as follows.In Goa, with 110 inches of rainfall, there is always fresh water available, beyond the limits of sustainability. Goa is blessed with rainfall and fresh water, but we are careless in conserving it.In fact, Goans have always had 24x7 water supply for over 10,000 years in the form of wells, reservoirs, lakes, ponds, streams and perennially flowing rivulets and rivers. Right from the hills in the Western Ghats up to the Arabian Sea, where the rain water is finally discharged, Goa works as an overall catchment area. Be it in cities, towns or villages, every family has 24x7 water supply.But alas. Why is it that in the last three decades, Goans are made to accept just two hours of water supply on a daily basis? Why are some villages left parched? Can we explain why our wells and rivers are severely contaminated with germs, heavy metals and toxic waste? Why have all our ponds silted and why is our ground water facing depletion, dangerous levels of pollution? Finally, why are cancer , kidney ailments and physiological ailments in Goa connected to the erratic and unhygienic water supply?In 2002, while Parrikar was the chief minister, the government too had promised 24x7 water supply for Panaji. Every government, from Shashikala Kakodkar's rule through the Rane regime and going through Digambar Kamat and now Parrikar, promises Goans 24x7 water supply, but to no avail.The main problem of Goan water woes is the unmindful centralization of the water supply system. Families, like my own, were forced to close down wells in cities and acquire metered and regulated water supply from the PWD.By discouraging decentralized water supply usage, most wells remained unused, not maintained, discarded and finally closed. There was haphazard and unhygienic growth of real estate and the tourism industry. Overflowing septic tanks, soak pits, and with no monitoring of fresh water streams and nearby sewage outlets, what resulted was a disaster. The concrete jungles blocked the supply of fresh water to the reservoirs, wells and lakes, and mega-housing projects in the form of hotels pumped sewage into urban as well as rural ground water supply and village wells. The unscientific tourism and mining policies contaminated and depleted our rich water resources.The centralized PWD water supply system (after forcing out the residents from using locally-available well water) was unable to meet the demands of the growing population. Hence Goa had water, water everywhere but not a drop to drink. The reason is simple. In the cities, organic pollution, sewage seepages and mining toxic metal contents made water from the distribution network of the PWD very dangerous.Unfortunately for Goans, rabid mining activity beyond a sustainable limit had an acute adverse effect, not only in the supply system, but also the storage and treatment plants. Thus choking of filters, due to mining rejects became a regular feature damaging water treatment machinery and disturbing water flow through pipes, often resulting in pipe bursts and harassment to the consumers on a daily basis.The Western Ghats, the source of Goa's drinking water, a place from where water can be harnessed perennially, not only to satisfy the Goan needs but also for export to other nations or states receiving scant monsoon showers has been raped, ravaged and ransacked by the unscrupulous mining lobby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16457987", "title": "Shimla: Now, fruit growers raise a red flag against green tax", "text": "SHIMLA: It's only been a few days since the Shimla municipal corporation introduced green tax but the resentment against it seems to be growing by the day. After tourists and locals gave the green fee a thumbs down, fruit and vegetable growers of upper areas of Shimla and surroundings have expressed their discontentment over the measure, saying it's not good for business.Since Saturday, September 15, the local civic body has been collecting tax from non-HP vehicles at four entry points -- Taradevi, Dhalli, Mehli and Tutu.The fruit and vegetable growers' association of HP has urged for a waiver of the green fee on trucks and utility vehicles, which are used to ferry the produce from farms/orchards to markets. The association secretary, Harish Chauhan said, \"Apple and vegetable growers of HP are largely dependent upon trucks and vehicles from outside the state for ferrying the produce. Nearly 80% of the vehicles used for carrying apples to distant markets across the country during the season are from outside the state. Shimla district alone accounts for nearly 65-70% of the apple production and a large part of the produce is ferried to markets outside the state. Transporters are charging the fee from growers beforehand and the latter have no option but to shell out the amount from their own pockets.Lambasting the MC for adding to the burden of growers, who are forced to shell out either Rs 300 for utility vehicles or Rs 500 for trucks at entry points, Chauhan claimed that the civic body should at least provide relief to them (growers) for at least five months during the peak apple season. \"We have apprised the Shimla MC of problems being faced by growers due to the implementation of green fee,\" he said.An apple orchardist, Chetan Bragta said, \"For some years now, the HP government has been providing some relief to growers by waiving off excise tax during apple season. On similar lines, we would request the MC to provide the growers some reprieve. With the hike in diesel prices, as well as levying of green fee has led the transporters to increase the transportation costs, which is adding a burden of growers.\"When contacted Shimla MC deputy mayor Tikender Panwar said, \"The green fee project has been passed down to us by our predecessors and we are simply implementing it now. The growers' demand is a genuine one and legitimate. The MC will relook into the problem and table the issue in the next House (meeting), where charging of green fee from trucks during apple season will be debated and a final decision taken and implemented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456664", "title": "Rail projects in jeopardy after Mamata quits UPA-II", "text": "KOLKATA: Will the 'Mamata Express' lose steam in Bengal after the firebrand Trinamool Congress chief's decision to quit UPA-II?Railway officials in the state are a worried lot. Projects worth several thousand crores are currently under way in the state and commitments have been made. If railway minister Mukul Roy resigns from the Union cabinet on Friday, there is always the risk of funds drying up.In Mamata's words, 16 railway factories were planned for the state. On several occasions, she had pointed out that these factories would bring about industrialization and generate jobs in the state, resulting in economic development.Even in the Trinamool meeting on Tuesday, after which Mamata announced her decision to quit, Roy is said to have pointed out that the railway projects in the state may be affected. In fact, the railways had a major role to play in the Trinamool's coming to power in the state in 2011. In fact, Mamata had said that she would build a Metro coach factory on a 600-acre plot in Singur that was earlier allotted to Tata Motors for the Nano factory.\"Several Metro Railway projects are under way in Kolkata alone. The Joka-BBD Bag stretch is progressing quite fast. Work has also started for the New Garia-Airport (via Rajarhat) stretch. The other stretches are Noapara-Dakshineswar-Barrackpore and Noapara-Airport-Barasat. The project cost for the Joka-BBD Bag stretch is Rs 2,619 crore. It will take around Rs 8,638 crore to complete the other three projects. Of the Rs 11,257 crore required for the four projects, Rs 9,600 crore has already been allocated. We are apprehensive that the projects will be affected after a while. After all, a railway minister from outside the state will not have so much interest in the development of Kolkata,\" pointed out a senior official.Construction of the networks will not be sufficient. Funds will also be required to procure rakes and create other facilities. The Union cabinet also took a decision recently to hand over the Centre's share of the East-West Metro link in Kolkata to the railways. \"The railway projects in the state had got a fresh lease of life after Mamata Banerjee took over. We suspect that the projects will be in dire straits if Roy resigns,\" the official added.The existing north-south Metro link will also require additional funds to replace the old rakes with air-conditioned ones. In the past, the Kolkata Metro was neglected by railway ministers. When Mamata was railway minister in the NDA government, she had announced extension of the stretch from Tollygunge to New Garia. Though construction progressed, there was little effort in actually running trains on the stretch in the next 10 years. Only in 2009 when Mamata took over as railway minister again was the project completed.\"It is the same with other projects. The rail connectivity between Tarakeswar in Hooghly and Bishnupur in Bankura, which would be an alternative and shorter route from Howrah to Bankura, Purulia and beyond, was also announced by Mamata in 1999-2000. In the next 10 years, there was no progress in this stretch. After she took over again in 2009, work was speeded up and trains are now running up to Arambag from Tarakeswar. On Sunday, Roy said in Arambag that more than 165 pairs of new express trains have been introduced in the last three years. A large number of EMU locals were also introduced during this period,\" another official said.South Eastern Railway is all set for the inauguration of a DEMU factory in Haldia while an electric locomotive component factory at Dankuni under Eastern Railway is already operational. Another factory to manufacture diesel locomotive components in Dankuni is being built.\"The other major projects include a wagon component factory at Jellingham, a factory at Budge Budge, a midlife rehabilitation workshop at Anara, a 1,420MW super critical power plant with NTPC in Adra, a wagon factory in Kulti, an EMU coach factory in Kanchrapara and a wheel and axle plant at Buniyadpur in Dakshin Dinajpur. It was Mamata who insisted that the Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor be extended up to Dankuni from Sonnagar in Bihar. For this, a freight terminal is also being constructed in Dankuni. We fear that either these projects will be scrapped or future railway ministers will only allocate token amounts in budgets,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458566", "title": "Cheats wire up for exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after a gang involved in leaking postgraduate medical entrance papers at AIIMS was busted, cops have detected another similar high-tech racket. This time, the cheats were caught leaking questions of the Staff Selection Commission Exam, organized by the Government of India, via cellphones concealed in undergarments and earphones strapped to the wrist, hidden under customized full-sleeve shirts. Three people have been arrested in this connection \u2014 Shakti Khatri, Manish Khatri, Kuldeep. They were picked up from different examination centres.The examination for filling various posts of government officials in different ministries and departments was being conducted at various centres in the city last Sunday.Kuldeep, who belongs to Muzaffarnagar, appeared for the exam at Geeta Colony, impersonating a candidate named Rahul Phalswal. He forwarded the questions via text messages to the mastermind of the gang who dictated him the answers. Phalswal is suspected to be a major player in the racket. A hunt is on for him. Sources said that the mastermind was functioning from a control room stocked with sample papers and guide books. He also consulted experts present in the room and dictated answers to clients sitting in various centres. Students were charged anything between Rs 5 lakh and Rs10 lakh each.The crime branch had got a tip-off on September 14 from the department of personnel and training of SSC about some candidates planning to use unfair means to clear the exam and accordingly traps were laid at the centres.Shakti Khatri, who was nabbed from the Rajouri Garden centre, came under the scanner after his behaviour appeared to be suspicious. He didn't write anything till 11.40am. Suddenly, he began to cough and started scribbling on the question paper. After that, he began to encircle the dictated answers on the OMR sheet with his pencil. He was escorted out and a thorough search led to the recovery of earphones strapped to his shirt and the wire going through the shirt and connecting with the cellphone hidden in the undergarment.He revealed that within 10 minutes of commencement of the exam, his associate had called him up to verify the question paper series. Around 11.40am, he began to receive the solved answer keys. Key 1, 2, 3 and 4 in the text messages corresponded to answers a, b, c and d while a zero meant the mastermind was unable to solve the question. He provided inputs about other candidates.Cops then nabbed Kuldeep who was spotted by the flying squad after being tipped off by the crime branch. He was found to be possessing a mobile phone from which he sent two text messages to a number 8650581*** mentioning the test series number between 10.16am and 10.24am.His interrogation revealed the name of another candidate who was receiving answers through the same modus operandi at a centre at a school in Palam. A team raided the school and arrested Manish Khatri. Manish received a call at 10.08am which lasted for 52 seconds and two calls at 11.48am and 11.49am, the source said.Police sources believe that the racket is operating on a larger scale. The Khatri brothers were solving the same set of answers - 450MO3. Cops are interrogating the trio to get more leads and probing the role of insiders too. Several more arrests are likely. The entire operation was conducted by the special investigation team of the crime branch led by additional DCP Joy Tirkey and inspector Bhagwati Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456634", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's aides opposed pullout", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee may have claimed it was a \"100% unanimous decision\" to pull out of the UPA government, but the fact that the meeting stretched for nearly three hours indicates that there were differences of opinion in the 'one-person party'.At least three of her key aides were against pulling out of the alliance but Mamata eventually prevailed. And she had the majority's support behind her.Some senior leaders \u2014 including Saugata Roy \u2014 felt that a complete pullout would affect Bengal's interests. It is perhaps keeping this in mind that Mamata left a window open till Friday 3pm for the Centre to accede to her demands for a rollback.On Friday evening, when news of the cabinet decision on FDI reached her, Mamata called Congress president Sonia Gandhi. \"I told her clearly, 'Madam you are aware that we are against this. Please do something',\" she said on Tuesday. Congress not only kept quiet on her request, Union finance minister P Chidambaram insisted that there would be no rollback.Mamata may have considered the pullout then but she was also mindful of the implications and the fact that some of her senior leaders were against it. Sensing the divide, she decided to go for a consensus. \"It was practically an open house. Everyone was given a chance to express their views,\" said party MP Sishir Adhikari.According to sources, many senior leaders \u2014 including Subrata Mukherjee, Saugata Roy, Debabrata Bandopadhyay and to an extent even Mukul Roy \u2014 told Mamata that a complete pullout would be hard on Bengal, which depends on the Centre for almost everything. Roy pointed that the ongoing railway projects \u2014 most of them planned by Mamata \u2014 would be jeopardised. There was an opinion that the Trinamool ministers would resign but that the party will continue in the alliance.Mamata gave everyone a patient hearing although the dissenting voices were outnumbered. Her leaders agreed that Congress was becoming a liability ahead of the panchayat polls. Domestic political compulsions required that Mamata sends out a strong message to the Congress-led Centre, they felt. The Union ministers pointed out that FDI in retail isn't the last of the reforms. Pension was next. That sealed it. Mamata said that there could be no compromise on the ideology that the party is founded on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16460856", "title": "City on festive high with towering Lord Ganesh idols", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Artisans were busy giving final touches to idols of Ganesh on the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.People flocked to the markets on Tuesday to make last-minute purchase of Ganesh idols on offer in various shapes and sizes.\"Depending on the size of the idols, the price ranges between Rs 500 and Rs 25,000. The price of a four feet idol ranges from Rs 2,000 to Rs 4,000, depending on its design and pattern. Despite high prices people prefer big idols with a height of over five feet. But people who do puja at their homes usually opt for the smaller clay ones. The demand for them is also good at this time,\" said Duryodhan Maharana, an artisan, who was busy sculpting Ganesh idols since the past month.\"Budget of an average Ganesh puja without much glam and glitter is Rs 12,000 to 15,000. If you add a feast following the puja, the expense shoots up to an additional Rs 5,000,\" said Subashis Nanda, a college student organizing a small puja at his colony in Sashtri Nagar area.Rising prices didn't seem to have had any impact on the forthcoming celebration as people seemed to be vying with each other to put forth the best show and artisans cashed in on the craze.\"Earlier, we used to design the idols in the style taught to us by our ancestors. However, now everything is ruled by public demand. But we still keep the aesthetics in mind while making the idols,\" said Maharana.Innovative idols like flower Ganesh, Shiva Ganesh, Rama Ganesh - which resembles Rama and holds a bow and arrow -, Bishnu Ganesh and so on adorned the markets on puja eve.Customers, according to artisans, also demanded theme-based Ganesha idols and seemed to prefer big idols.\"Youngsters, who put up Ganesha pandals on roadsides and various colonies and clubs usually buy big idols,\" said Mahesh Sahu, a shop owner with a stock of 50 big idols. Most of his idols were booked to be picked up on the puja morning.Besides offices, educational institutes and clubs celebrating the festival, this year about 100 small and big Ganesha pandals have come up across the city.\"We have been organising Ganesha puja for the last 20 years at Ashok Nagar in Bhubaneswar. Like every year, this year also we spent much on decoration, lighting and our idol is around eight feet high,\" smiled Manoj Pani, a member of Ashok Nagar Youth Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458387", "title": "Water cut hits schools, colleges hard", "text": "NAGPUR: The recent water cut announced by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), for repair work, has hit educational institutes hard. On Tuesday Saraswati Vidyalaya High School declared holiday owing to water shortage. S Prabhuraman, principal of the school, said, \"On Monday we ordered around 40 mineral water cans so that drinking water issue can be solved. Since we do not have any well in the campus, the overall building cleaning could not go ahead.\"On Tuesday morning, school's teachers informed students that the school will remain closed. Prabhuraman, said, \"we were told the water supply will resume but since it did not happen, I thought it would be best to shut the school. The toilets in the building have started to stink and there is no water to clean them and our staff room is just next to it.\"One of the oldest schools in Nagpur, Bishop Cotton, too had its share of problems. Manjusha Stephenson, principal, said, \"on Monday, we were getting some supply but it was minimal. So I ordered tankers for the school which helped us tide over the problem.\"The water cut is related to NMC's current repair on its two water master balance reservoirs at Seminary Hills, from where water is supplied to almost half the city. The MBRs, constructed in 1970s, will be taken up for rejuvenation using funds under Central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.LAD College (Seminary Hills) too witnessed shortage but things remained under control. Lakshmi Rao, who teaches at the college, said, \"certainly we had less supply of water but it wasn't enough to create administrative hurdles.\" Other schools located in the vicinity, like Centre Point, too did not face any problem.However, St Ursula Girls High school was affected- indirectly. Its principal Rachna Singh said, \"many of my teachers are on leave saying they are finding it difficult to manage without water at home. So the staff shortage has certainly affected the functioning of our school.\" The school did not face any administrative issues since it has ample well water on its campus.Fortunately, normal supply will resume from Wednesday and schools will now open only on Friday. While Wednesday is holiday for Ganesh Chaturthi, on Thursday almost all schools will remain shut due to the nationwide bandh called by political parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456980", "title": "Home department seeks time frame to take ministers to court", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the list of tainted ministers in the state grows by the day, the Maharashtra government has been dragging its feet on a proposal to formulate fresh guidelines to accord sanction for the prosecution of sitting ministers in a stipulated time period.With no systematic mechanism in place to process an application of prosecution against ministers and public servants facing corruption charges, the proposal seeks to set a time limit of three months for the sanctioning authority or it will be deemed to have been granted to a prosecuting agency. However, it is waiting approval from the deputy chief minister and the chief minister. \"We have just moved the proposal to the chief minister's office,\" said an official from the deputy chief minister's office.Put together by the state home department two months ago, the proposal draws from a central government notification issued after the Supreme Court's judgment in the case Dr Subramanian Swamy vs Dr Manmohan Singh earlier this year. According to the guidelines, an additional month's time will be allowed in cases where consultation is required with the attorney general (AG). Following the end of this time period, the prosecuting agencies will be allowed to proceed with the due process of filing charges in court. \"The idea is to make Maharashtra the first state in the country to implement the guidelines. But the government has been just sitting on it,\" said a senior official. Once the final nod is accorded to the proposal, the state general administration department will be supposed to formally issue the guidelines, he said.Currently, the power to accord sanction for prosecution of a sitting minister lies only with the chief minister and the governor. But there exists no independent mechanism to assist the process even as a sanction file needs to travel first through the home department to the general administration department (GAD) to secretaries of the departments concerned and finally to the chief secretary.\"In the recent past, the state home department forwarded four sanction requests against ministers to GAD and the secretaries concerned. But nobody seems in a hurry to complete the process. Even the secretaries, when asked to comment on it, express an inability to do so against their own department's minister,\" said a senior official.In its judgment, the apex court observed that ministers and public servants whose sanction proposals were kept pending for a long time were allowed to escape prosecution. Therefore, a need is being felt for an appropriate timeframe as mentioned in clause I (15) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16461606", "title": "Wildlife Week competitions at Pilikula", "text": "MANGALORE: On the eve of Wildlife Week 2012 celebration, Dr Shivram Karanth Pilikula Biological Park will organize a wildlife photography competition for amateur photographers, drawing and quiz competitions for the students from class I to class X in four categories on the subject - nature and wildlife on the park premises here on October 7. Amateur photographers who wish to participate in the wildlife photography competition have to send their photographs of size not less than 18\"X12\" to the Director, Dr Shivaram Karanth Pilikula, Biological Park, Moodushedde, Mangalore 575028 on or before October 6. These photos will be exhibited in the park the next day and the three best photos will be awarded prizes and certificatesStudents who wish to participate in the drawing competition have to bring the required water colour/crayons/pencil/pen. Only drawing sheets will be provided for them. First and second prizes will be given in all categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459611", "title": "Things getting on right track for BRTS", "text": "INDORE: After years of delay and inconvenience, things are getting on the right track for the pilot Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor between Neeranjanpur and Rajeev Gandhi Crossing. Cosmetic aspects of BRTS like traffic signals, ticket counters etc will be installed by October mid. Trial run is expected to start from November and commercial service may take off from January next year.CEO of Atal Indore City Transport Corporation Ltd (AICTCL), Chandramouli Shukla said that BRTS will start taking shape from October-mid. \"Work on bus stops and other related works were delayed due to rains. Now things are progressing in full swing and people will get to notice the changes in coming weeks,\" he said.AICTCL has floated a tender for Integrated Transit Management System (ITMS) under which signals, ticket centres and other cosmetic works will be carried out. Shukla alleged that the Centre was not allotting funds for the ITMS. As such, the Board has decided to carry out the work on its own. A tender of Rs 18 crores and another of Rs 4 crores have been floated for installation of soft components of the BRTS and AICTCL. The payment to the company that will be awarded the work, will be paid on a monthly basis.Shukla further said that ITMS lacks fund supply and therefore it is looking for a system wherein it can make payment on monthly basis to the company concerned. AICTCL has also started the work on route rationalization under which it will try to finalize the route, stoppage and frequency of the buses. Officials will also look into the traffic obstacles on the routes and ways to deal with them.Shukla said that to encourage the people to use BRTS services certain parking spaces have been identified on the BRTS wherein users of the service can park their vehicles. The places which have been identified for parking include open spaces near Country Inn, Industry House etc. \"We are trying to identify more places for parking,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "16460594", "title": "19 abandoned CCL mines to be used for fishery", "text": "RAMGARH: District fishery department has come up with a plan to use abandoned opencast coal mines, which have sufficient water, for fishery and provide employment to local people.District fishery officer Shiv Pujan Singh said his department has started an initiative to use opencast coal mines effectively. The department has already taken consent from Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) authorities to start fishery cultivation in coal mines.\"We have selected as many as 19 abandoned opencast coal mines of CCL located under Mandu block of Ramgarh district for fishery as these coal mines have sufficient water which does not dry even in summers along with two check dams which has sufficient water for fishery,\" said Singh.Meanwhile, district fishery department has sent an official letter to Block Development Officer (BDO) Mandu to start initiatives for fishery in abandoned coal mines in Mandu block. There are hundreds of abandoned coal mines owned by CCL located in Ramgarh district which have more water than any village pond and any reservoir in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460694", "title": "MP selected for Agri leadership award", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh has been selected for the prestigious Agriculture Leadership Award 2012 for outstanding works in agriculture sector, an official spokesman said on Tuesday. The award will be received by farmers' welfare and agriculture development minister Ramkrishna Kusmaria in New Delhi on September 19.Expressing happiness over this achievement, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan congratulated concerning departments and farmers.The decision to bestow this award on Madhya Pradesh was taken by selection committee chaired by Prof M S Swaminathan for overall outstanding performance of Madhya Pradesh in agriculture sector, spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16457104", "title": "PIL challenges disruption of traffic by VIP convoys", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court may soon come to the rescue of the city's common man who often faces punishing delays on roads because of the large convoy movements of VIPs. The high court has started hearing a public interest litigation filed by advocate A Ranjit Narayanan seeking the court to direct security agencies of VIPs to avoid forcing vehicles of citizens off the road even when traffic restrictions are not in place.Citing from his personal experience, Narayanan has pointed out in the petition that his vehicle was forced off the road by cops in pilot vehicles of a VIP convoy at 7:30pm on September 13 when the Emerging Kerala meet was on in the city. He stated that traffic restrictions for the day, announced by the cops, as part of the prime minister's visit to the investors' meet was to last only from morning to 12:30pm.Evoking the principle of equality in law before the division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique, he has pointed out that while police often intercept and book private vehicles for overspeeding, VIP vehicles vroom through the roads with police escort vehicles blaring horns and flashing beacon lights.\"While security arrangements for VIPs are appreciated, citizens have the right to undisturbed travel, right to dignity, right to be treated without arbitrariness and in equal terms with fellow citizens who happen to be elected ministers. They also have right to travel without fear of being pushed off the road,\" the petition noted. He also cited instances where cops in escort vehicles use expletives to shoo away citizens from roads.The state government has sought two week's time with the court to make its stand clear on the issue. Meanwhile, the district authorities has clarified that the state government has been entrusted with the task of ensuring security for visiting dignitaries and pointed to the Blue Book, which lays down security guidelines for the protection of prime minister and other VVIPs.\"Various agencies like Special Protection Group (SPG), Intelligence Bureau (IB), Special Branch and police work together to put in place security measures. Most of these are precautionary measures and it is not possible to make alterations in their arrangements,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth. During the recent visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Marine Drive, the authorities cordoned off main roads including Old Thevara Road, Foreshore Road, Warriam Road, Divan's Road, Durbar Hall Road, Park Avenue Road and Shanmugham Road. While he attended the Emerging Kerala meet, the Thoppumpady BOT Bridge, Venduruthy Vikrant Bridge, the road to Kundannoor Junction via Alexander Parambithara Bridge, the way to Willingdon Island via Vathuruthy-Bristo Road remained closed for traffic.On the measures to minimize inconvenience caused to public, Pareeth said generally VIP convoys avoid routes with heavy traffic. Arrangements can be made to provide them accommodation at hotels near the airport. He stressed the need for disseminating information on traffic regulations to public at the earliest along with alternative routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457808", "title": "First convention of heritage hotels association in Sawai Madhopur", "text": "JAIPUR: The first annual convention of the Indian Heritage Hotels' Association (IHHA) will be held in Sawai Madhopur on September 22. It will be dove-tailed with the 11th annual general meeting (AGM).As many as 64 heritage properties will be represented from different chapters of IHHA. Minister for tourism Bina Kak will attend the convention to discuss various issues relating to the heritage properties which have now become hotels.The theme of the convention is 'the role of rural and natural heritage in tourism development.' The event is supported by Incredible India, a Government of India campaign.According to Randhir Vikram Singh Mandawa, secretary general of IHHA, two important panel discussions on \"Promotion of Rural Heritage for Rural Development &amp; Employment\" and \"Role of Natural Heritage Tourism for Sustainable Wildlife Conservation\" are slated to be held during the convention. The convention will be preceded by the AGM to be chaired by the president of the IHHA, Gaj Singh of Jodhpur.A film on tigers will also be screened on the evening of September 21 as part of Save the Tiger campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456937", "title": "Mamata Banerjee gives Mulayam perfect opening to weigh his options", "text": "NEW DELHI: This is the kind of opportunity that Mulayam Singh Yadav revels in.Trinamool Congress's revolt and Congress's desperate search for numbers has given the Samajwadi Party chief the opening that may place him perfectly to weigh his options before taking a decision. The determining principle would be if the crisis triggered by Mamata Banerjee's withdrawal can bring down the UPA-II and force early polls.SP leader Ramgopal Yadav distanced from Banerjee's decision but added the crisis had been triggered by Congress's contempt for allies. \"If there is a question of government's survival, then our supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav would take the decision after September 20.\"Observers attached much significance to the way Samajwadi trio of Mulayam Singh Yadav, Ramgopal Yadav and Naresh Aggarwal rushed to the national Capital, when the Trinamool chief dropped the bombshell.Mulayam is set to take a close look at the post-Trinamool UPA, work the telephones with his old friends in the ruling alliance like DMK's Karunanidhi and NCP's Sharad Pawar, and crunch the numbers. If it appears that joining Trinamool's exit would bring down the government, Mulayam is sure to lap up the opportunity.SP swept Uttar Pradesh on March 6, decimating rival BSP while reducing marginal players BJP and Congress to jokes. Though the feel-good has dipped since, with law and order and corruption emerging key worries, the party is still well placed to corner a big chunk of 80 Lok Sabha seats.The wily chieftain has lately been talking about elections and his PM ambitions, and made a big issue of it during the party executive meeting in Kolkata last week.But he would want to be absolutely certain, hesitant to misstep that would put him on the wrong side of Congress without bringing down the government.Else, his Plan B would involve negotiating better deals with the Centre for Uttar Pradesh. Party leaders have ruled out joining the government.Mulayam could be upstaged by arch-rival Mayawati. The BSP supremo's interest appears ranged opposite to the Samajwadi, with UP still not the favourable landscape for her to test the poll waters. Only six months ago, she fell from the massive tally of 207 to 79 in the 403 MLA assembly. While the vote gap with SP is only 3%, a manageable figure in view of the free falling SP equity, it is still early for BSP to claim winning recovery.No wonder, the BSP chief , while railing against the Centre's nod to FDI in multi-brand retail, gave the deadline of October 9 to decide on future course of action. Observers have analyzed the timeline as reluctance to go against Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458830", "title": "Timarpur slum kids off to Seoul", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 11.15pm flight to Seoul on Wednesday will have some unusual passengers - a band of seven teenagers from the slums of Timarpur in north Delhi. The underclass kids, aged 15 to 19, have earned their tickets. Winners of the Indian leg of an international Korean pop dance competition last month, they will scorch the floor in Gyeongju, South Korea on Friday and lay their claim to the top prize of the ultimate K-Pop dancing star.It is a really heart-warming story of triumph amidst odds. Life's been a struggle for each of them. Deepak Kumar is the leader of the group as well as its choreographer. His father is paralysed. Mujaid is a factory worker's son. Noor Mohammed's father is a barber. The fathers of Mohit, Ajay and Neeraj work as housepainters. Saurabh's father cannot work. He is paralysed too.But the kids, who came to know of the championship from a Korean-speaking girl they refer to as 'didi,' were determined not to let anything ruin their dream. They practised with enthusiasm and heart. \"We choreographed our moves to a number by the Korean band, Bigbang,\" says Deepak. As a dancing group, they call themselves Paul5, the name taken from an American dancer whose surname they are unable to recall.Their intense practice sessions finally paid off when they won the contest at the Jawaharlal Nehru University auditorium last month. The prize earned them an all-expenses paid trip to South Korea and a chance to attend the Hallyu Dream Festival hosted by Visit Korea Committee and the Embassy of the Republic of Korea.Winning the competition was tough. Getting a passport was tougher. \"We had to run from pillar to post to get the passport. In fact, our practice suffered,\" says Mujaid. The Hallyu or the Korean wave refers to the growing visibility and popularity of South Korean entertainment and culture in Asia and other parts of the world in the last two decades. The term was coined in by Beijing journalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456365", "title": "Shiv Sena corporator elected chairperson of women's panel", "text": "NASHIK: Shiv Sena corporator Manisha Hekare was on Tuesday unopposedly elected charperson of the women and child welfare committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation.Hekare was declared elected by the presiding officer and additional district collector Radhakrishna Game after the other three candidates in the fray withdrew their nominations prior to the elections to the post .Four candidates\u2014 Manisha Hekare of Shiv Sena, Meena Malode of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), Ranjana Pawar of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Savita Dalwani of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), were in the fray In the nine-member committee, MNS had three members, while Shiv Sena and NCP had two members each. Congress and BJP had one member each.After being elected, Manisha Hekare said, \"I will make true the trust shown in me by our leader Balasaheb Thackeray. My priority will be to take efforts for the empowerment of women and the provisions made in the budget for the women and child welfare committee will be utilized for the purpose.During elections to the chairman of the standing committee of NMC, Congress, NCP and Shiv Sena had come together forming a joint front. Accordingly, Congress party's Uddhav Nimse was elected as chairman of the standing committee. Hence, the role of Shiv Sena was pivotal during the elections to the chairperson of the women and child welfare committee.A Shiv Sena office-bearer said, \"We are happy that a Shiv Sena candidate has been elected unopposed . We thank all the parties for showing support to the Shiv Sena by withdrawing nominations of their respective candidates. As per agreement of the joint front of all opposition parties, the seat of chairperson of the women and child welfare committee had been left to the NCP. Nevertheless, NCP withdrew its nomination and supported Shiv Sena. We will also obey coalition ethics in the future.\"The nine members of the Committee are Usha Shelke, Shobhana Shinde and Meena Malode from MNS, Lalita Bhalerao and Manish Dhekare from Shiv Sena, Ranjana Pawar and Nilima Amale from NCP, Savita Dalwani from BJP and Vaishali Bhagawat from Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16456517", "title": "Jadavpur University asked to reappoint lecturer", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Council of Higher Education has sent a recommendation to Jadavpur University vice chancellor Souvik Bhattacharyya to consider the application of Babar Ali Shah for appointment of full-time professor in a suitable post. Earlier, the university had drawn flak from the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) in the case after a duly qualified Shah, a department of science and technology's (DST) young scientist with a PhD degree from JU, was denied the lecturer's post.He had applied for the job twice. The post had gone to another , who did not have a PhD degree on the date of joining.The NCM bench, after hearing Babar's complaint and the university's argument, had made some harsh remarks about the selection process. Without questioning JU's authority, the bench held that \"prima facie it is a clear case of favouritism and discrimination by JU\".After assuming the role of vice chancellor of JU, Abhijeet Chakraborty, who is presently the vice-chairman (technical) in the state higher education council, had set up another committee to look into the complaint. Even they had submitted a report hinting at a favouritism. \"We have sent a letter to the VC to nullify injustice and see if reappointment can be done. He will have to take up the matter with the concerned administrative bodies like the executive council and court,\" said Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456272", "title": "11-year-old gangraped in Nandgaon", "text": "NASHIK: An 11-year-old girl was allegedly gangraped by four men in Nyay Dongari village of Nandgaon tehsil on Tuesday afternoon. The accused have been arrested.The girl has been taken to Nashik for a medical examination. Till late Tuesday evening, the procedure of filing a complaint against the four accused was underway at the Nandgaon police station.According to the police, the victim, who resides in Gavli Wada near Nyay Dongari, had gone to a well at a nearby farm to fetch water.The four accused who were in a truck saw the girl and abducted her. They allegedly took her to a nearby farm and raped her.Soon after receiving the information of the gangrape, Nandgaon police rushed to the incident spot and arrested the four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457006", "title": "Developer to pay for 'unfair trade practice'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum has recently ordered a builder to pay Rs 2 lakh as compensation to a Kurla resident for demanding Rs 9.68 lakh \"interest payment\" just before handing over the possession of a flat. Runwal Developers Pvt Ltd will also have to pay back Dinesh Hegde the Rs 9.68 lakh.In 2005, Hegde bought two flats from Runwal Developers, the possessions of which were to be handed over to him on October 31, 2006. The construction was completed in April 2008 and Hegde made the last payment in December 2008. But when he claimed the possession, he was denied. After repeated requests, the builder demanded Rs 9.68 lakh, as interest for the delayed payment and only after the amount was paid in May 2010 was the possession given to him.The builder contended that according to the agreement terms, Hegde had opted for 'Advance Disbursement Facility (ADF)' and hence, got the flat at a discounted rate. The builder said Hegde had agreed to pay the balance Rs 30 lakh at a go and a delay of seven days in payment, would attract an interest rate of 21% pa. In April 2011, the district forum dismissed Hegde's complaint. The state commission observed that it can be seen that the builder did offer him a concession and let him make payments as per the construction stages. It said that the demands were duly honoured by Hegde and raising a demand of Rs 9.68 lakh after keeping silent for a long time was unjustified. \"At no point any interest was charged for delayed payment. If any interest was applicable, it ought to have been demanded at that time itself,\" it observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458561", "title": "Over 9,000 policemen to stay on guard", "text": "PUNE: In the backdrop of the serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1, the city police will deploy a 9,500-strong police force in the city during the Ganesh festival.Besides local police, around 21,500 people including state reserve police force, Home Guards, college students, cadets from the national cadet core (NCC), members of Shantata Committee, members of various sports organisations and the members of various Ganesh mandals, will be pressed into service.Deputy commissioner of police (special branch) Rajendra Mane said that around 3,397 Ganesh mandals in the city will celebrate the festival this year. The police have conducted around 532 meetings with the members of the mandals, corporators and political leaders. \"We will be arranging for extra police bandobast at prominent mandals and crowded places,\" Mane said. Closed circuit television cameras have been installed at several locations in the city. Watch towers would be put up at crucial junctions. \"Policemen in plain clothes will also keep a close watch on city roads,\" Mane said.In order to avoid any untoward incident during the festival, the police have started taking action against criminals who are on police records. Surprise checking has been conducted at several important junctions in the city.The police have fanned special teams to avert crimes like pick-pocketing, bag lifting and eve teasing. \"We have also fanned special teams to help senior citizens and children,\" Mane said.DCP (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said that the traffic branch of the city police have also conducted meetings with autorickshaw and cab drivers. \"We have sensitised them about suspected persons and objects and asked them to contact the police immediately if they find anything suspicious,\" Pandhre said.Pandhre said that the police have installed boards and posters at 30 prominent locations for creating awareness about bomb blasts and precautions that should be taken. A total of 1,663 Ganesh mandals in the city have obtained no objection certificates (NOC) from the traffic branch, he added.Box----- 9,500 policemen and 21,500 people will be on the roads during the festival- Police to keep watch through CCTV cameras, watch towers and also use special force in plain clothes- Special teams to avert crimes like eve-teasing, bag lifting and pick-pocketing- Preventive action to be taken against several criminals on police records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16460835", "title": "Gaurava s karate dream gets wheels", "text": "LUDHIANA: Like many other talented sportspersons in the state, Gaurav Kashyap knows what it takes to become a national level champ on his own. Each time he stepped on the karate mat in past, this son of an autorickshaw driver Sanjay Lala Singh had his dreams and his family's expectations backing him, but now, Gaurav has managed to earn support from a city-based cycle firm that will sponsor his participation in prestigious tournaments abroad. The Bathinda-based karateka will participate in the Bhutan Karate Championship starting September 21. 'It was due to the lack of finances that I could not make it to a similar international event in Malaysia last year,' says the 15-year-old. The support has come from Avon Cycles, a leading cycle manufacturing firm that has formed a club to help promising sportspersons who have been struggling to grow due to financial constraints. The club would not only provide training to the players but the required equipment as well. Director of the firm Rishi Pahwa says, 'I had been contemplating if China can be among the best in international sports, then why we can't achieve respectable results. And I realized there is a huge gap between the resources available to our sportsmen and those in other countries. We thought of starting the club after reading about Gaurav's achievements and his financial status.' Gaurav received a cheque from Pahwa in city prior to his participation in Bhutan on Tuesday. Pahwa says they will pick up players from various sports once they are sure he or she is determined in achieving international laurel for the nation. 'Having started the initiative with this young karate player, we will coordinate with the district sports department to fish out the deserving sportspersons,' he adds. There is no dearth of talent in our country, but it is the lack of good equipment that hampers the confidence of sportspersons when they compete abroad. Gaurav's father Sanjay says the country will stop craving for medals if sponsors come up for their support like this. 'If all big business houses join hands in this direction, the condition of sports in the country would change for good. Many a time, talent is snuffed out in absence of financial support at the national or state level,' says Punjab Basketball Association secretary Teja Singh Dhaliwal, who resides in Tagore Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore/mysore", "code": "16457726", "title": "Don\u2019t waste public money on R K Narayan home: Writers", "text": "BANGALORE/MYSORE: Notwithstanding the objections raised by a section of intellectuals and writers, the Karnataka government has decided to go ahead with its plan of buying and restoring novelist R K Narayan's two-storey bungalow in Mysore. The government has already declared Narayan's bungalow in Yadavgiri of Mysore a 'heritage structure'.Reflecting the mood in the Karnataka government, a senior minister said: \"We respect the sentiments of writers and intellectuals opposed to the restoration of Narayan's bungalow. At the same time, we cannot hurt the sentiments of writers and intellectuals who had initially campaigned for this.\"The minister said the government will gauge the sentiments of the entire literary circle before taking a final decision in consultation with the chief minister. Some writers are opposed to the government spending taxpayers' money on its restoration. Their contention: Narayan, who brought alive a small town called Malgudi for the world, is an English author, and that the government has not bothered to preserve similar legacies of Kannada writers.\"Why should the government spend taxpayers' money? How relevant is it linguistically and culturally? Narayan didn't relate to Kannada,\" said DA Shankar, a writer who retired as English professor from the University of Mysore. Shankar raised the issue along with noted writers SL Bhyrappa, GS Shivarudrappa, LS Sheshagiri Rao, G Venkatasubbaiah, M Chidanandamurthy, GS Siddalingaiah and Sumathindra Nadig.Chidanandamurthy said: \"Though he stayed in Karnataka, he didn't socialize with the people here. He hasn't written anything in Kannada. We've had several great poets and writers (in Kannada). If they had written in English, they would also have been as famous. For instance, has the government made Pu Thi Narasimhachar's house a monument? Exceptin 2-3 cases, the government has not made monuments of writers' houses. Our request to the government is they should focus on our poets and writers. And I don't agree that Mysore became famous because of RK Narayan.\" To this, the minister said he is \"personally upset\" because these distinguished writers and intellectuals are part of a campaign that promotes linguistic and ethnic barriers in the literary world. \"I understand if some politicians or organizations had raked up this issue, but it is coming from those who are celebrated by non-Kannadigas too,'' he rued.KC Belliappa, former vice-chancellor and English professor, said it reflects a narrow, chauvinistic view. \"People, especially writers, have to be liberal.\" The latent antagonism between Indian writers in English and regional-language writers is spilling over into this controversy, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460813", "title": "CM review arrangements for Global Investors Summit", "text": "BHOPAL: Over 500 investors from across the country and abroad will participate in the proposed three-day Global Investors' Summit to be held at Indore from October 28. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan reviewed the arrangements for the summit at a high-level meeting at Mantralaya here on Tuesday.At the meeting it was informed that several big industrial houses have consented to attend the meet and investments are expected mainly in ten sectors. Chouhan instructed that all investors big or small should be treated equally and extended all facilities as per existing policy of the state.An official spokesman said, it was decided at the meeting that the entire week, during the summit, would be dedicated to facilitating investment, setting up of new industries and industrial development in the state.It was informed that a global-level exhibition will be organised at the summit venue Lalganga Ground highlighting the industrial scenario and specialities of Madhya Pradesh on the first day of the summit on October 28.During the three-day event, one-on-one meetings with industrialists will be held and MoUs will be signed. Other necessary measures will also be ensured like cultural programmes to make the event grand, interesting and meaningful, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456860", "title": "Cave-ins on Pedder Road may recur till flyover work starts", "text": "MUMBAI: The only solution to the repeated cave-ins on Pedder Road is a complete replacement of the century-old stormwater drain running below it, and the work cannot start till almost next year, until the MSRDC begins constructing the flyover proposed over the stretch.\"Most of the old drains in the city are damaged and they require to be reconstructed,\" said Professor Kapil Gupta of the department of civil engineering at IIT-Bombay. He said the drains were made of stone masonry or bricks on lime mortar, covered with rough pieces of stone slabs called 'dhapa'. \"The inside of the drains was plastered at the time they were built. They have exhausted their design lives and are in the danger of collapse under the excess traffic load,\" he said, adding that complete overhaul was the only answer. The reconstruction of the drains would have to be carried out simultaneously with the work on the flyover as the underground utilities could not be re-aligned multiple times, said a source, adding that any change would mean dealing with over 20 utility providers, most of whom are unmarked on the maps. Chief engineer (stormwater drains) L S Vhatkar said the BMC had sent reminders to the MSRDC over the flyover work. \"Only after the pillars come up, the existing drains below will be shifted to one side of the road, along the footpath.\" Till then, residents staying on the stretch might face more cave-ins on the arterial road, leading to immense traffic inconvenience, said a civic official from the roads department.The MSRDC has written to the BMC, stating that it will invite tenders for the project in November and the flyover will take at least 15 months to complete.BMC additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said the civic body had appointed Technogen Consultant to conduct a survey on the condition of soil before. \"The study has to be carried out before any construction starts. It's being done according to the direction of an empowered committee and we will submit the report to MSRDC.\" Gupta added that the assessment of the drain's insides would have to be done without affecting the traffic above.Monday's cave-in on Pedder Road, near Jaslok Hospital, was the second such incident in the past three months. The BMC has now replaced the old stormwater drain on the spot with a temporary pipe. Earlier, a four-ft portion of the road gave way at Gamadia junction. Also, in September last year, a part of the stretch opposite singer Lata Mangeshkar's building, Prabhu Kunj, gave way.Times ViewMaintain old utilities, decide on new infrastructureIt's clear from the frequent cave-ins that our civic agencies do not have the expertise to manage the problems posed by underground utilities creaking under age, overuse and lack of maintenance. Maintenance of existing infrastructure cannot also wait for planning agencies to decide on what shape new infrastructure should take (as is the case in Pedder Road). The inability to maintain old utilities combined with indecision about new infrastructure needs is a recipe for disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456522", "title": "Lokayukta invites CM to meet she didn't want", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the Congress is trying hard to get rid of the taint of corruption and amidst demands for a Lokpal Bill, Delhi Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin is all set to host the eleventh All India Lokayukta Conference in the capital this November. He has even sent an invitation to chief minister Sheila Dikshit , requesting her to share her views on governance. Interestingly, the controversial Lokpal Bill does not figure on the agenda.With the Delhi CM and Lokayukta having a rocky relationship, Delhi government has for the past three years ignored or rejected proposals by the Lokayukta to get the state to host a conference in the capital on various grounds. This time, Sarin has decided to go ahead with his plan using allocated funds. He has drawn strength from a communication from Lieutenant-Governor Tejendra Khanna asking him to organize the conference if he was not taking any additional funds from the state.It is not known whether the CM will attend the meet or not, but in an earlier communication, the Lokayukta had been apprised of the CM's concern that this may not be an opportune moment for a conference with the debate over the Lokpal Bill raging both in Parliament and public.The three-day conference - likely to be held at Vigyan Bhavan - will see participation by Lokayuktas from across India. Law minister Salman Khurshid is learnt to have confirmed his participation. It is learnt that Justice Sarin has decided to skip the issue of a Lokpal Bill. He justifies it on the ground that this conference is about Lokayuktas who deal with state legislatures while the Lokpal Bill is being dealt with by Parliament.Some of the issues likely to be taken up are the role of Lokayukta, ways to involve government and administration in their quest for delivering administrative justice to citizens, role of government and disciplinary and vigilance agencies and redressal forums on subjects that demand greater understanding of respective perspectives.\"At a time when corruption in public life is exercising the minds of people, the experiences of lokayuktas in combating corruption and bringing about probity and good governance would be timely. Such conferences in the past have been attended by lokayuktas and governors. In 2004, the President and prime minister also attended the conference. Thus it will be be appropriate for the CM of Delhi to be part of the conference,\" Justice Sarin said.ENDS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16450595", "title": "My wife should support me through thick and thin: Gagan Narang", "text": "Gagan Narang had taken to shooting as a pastime. He never imagined that it would one day lead to his name being included in the excellence list of sports. It's been a month since Gagan won the bronze medal at the Olympics and he's already aiming to better his score in Rio next Olympics. \"I am so happy with all the admiration and love I have got from the country. I want to promote shooting at the grass root level. We have just scraped the surface; there is a long way to go,\" he says.As a kid, Gagan wanted to be an air force pilot. \"After trying my hands at almost every sport, I gave shooting a shot,\" he says. He's thrilled with the current spotlight on sports. \"Earlier, there was a saying 'padhoge, likhoge, banoge nawab'. But now, it is the other way round - 'kheloge, kudoge, banoge nawab,\" he adds with a smile. He also admits that the film industry has played a major role in promoting sports. \"I will be more than happy if a film is made on the life of a shooter. It can portray the struggle and efforts which go into the making of a shooter,\" he says.Gagan's life hasn't been devoid of struggles. \"There was a time, when my parents sold the land where they were planning to build a house, to buy me a rifle. We lived in a rented house for 15 years. I am lucky to get the right kind of support. The effort of my parents has made me what I am today,\" he adds.Gagan has been receiving a lot of marriage proposals of late. But this eligible bachelor says, \"My parents are looking into that matter. Right now I want to devote my time to the sport.\" Does he have anyone in mind? \"I don't have a dream girl. A sportsman goes through a lot of ups and down in their career. She should be able to support me through thick and thin,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "16455813", "title": "Mamata Banerjee withdraws support to UPA government; Mulayam, Mayawati key to survival", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress boss Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday delivered a stiff blow to the UPA government by withdrawing her support in protest against the hike in fuel prices and the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail, reducing the regime to a minority and to critical dependence of fickle-minded and ultra-pragmatic players like the SP and the BSP.The announcement in Kolkata may not pose an immediate threat to the UPA government but will lead to a spell of political uncertainty that can bring forward the election scheduled for 2014.Mamata's bombshell defied the estimate of Congress as well as many in her own party that she would stop at pulling out her ministers and not go so far as to pull the rug from under PM Manmohan Singh's feet altogether. The contrast from the way she had acquiesced in Congress's choice of Pranab Mukherjee for President was stunning and left the government reeling.The West Bengal chief minister blamed the split on Congress, and said it was the latter's recent unilateralism in reforms measures which had forced her to take the drastic step. \"We wanted to continue in the UPA, but were not allowed to stay. We were kept in the dark on major decisions despite our being the second largest ally in the UPA. If we don't take a decision now, they are ready with the pension bill,\" she said.Mamata said her ministers will submit their resignations to the President on Friday after Zumma prayers at 3 pm, but the window of three days is unlikely to result in a resolution because UPA government is unlikely to accept the terms she has asked for: near-rollback of diesel price hike, a 100% hike in the cap on the number of subsidized LPG cylinders, and putting FDI in multi-brand retail on hold.Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi suggested that the possibility of a reconciliation was yet to be exhausted. He said Mamata was still a valuable ally, and the government could look at the issues raised by the Trinamool chief.However, party sources said compliance with her wish list would amount to an unconditional surrender. It would be a fatal blow to the government's effort to improve its finances and recoup its legacy, and make the prospect of a downgrade by international rating agencies a real one.A capitulation would also defeat the government's effort to buff up its image by projecting the impression of a freshly-summoned will to press on with the reforms agenda. To the contrary, it would appear to be suing for peace and that too in sackcloth and ashes if it signs on to Mamata's agenda.Mamata was in no mood to relent, and showed her hostile intent by echoing BJP's charge that FDI in multi-brand retail was intended to distract popular attention away from Coalgate - something which also dashed hopes of Mamata extending outside support.With Mamata spurning all overtures from Congress, including the one that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh himself made on Monday, for talks, there is a strong likelihood that resignations of Trinamool ministers will be accepted without much delay and the vacancies filled up when the reshuffle takes place.The desertion of Trinamool's 19 members in Lok Sabha leaves the UPA with a bench strength of 253 or 20 short of the majority mark in Lok Sabha. Government does have \"reserves\" like SP, BSP, and RJD who have consistently rescued the government from messy situations, and can count on several smaller parties and Independents, who usually tilt for the regime of the day.In fact, the support from these quarters can take UPA's figure to above 300. Congress's calculation puts the tally of the ruling alliance at 284 even after discounting the 22 Lok Sabha members belonging to Samajwadi Party which hopes to profit from an early election.However, the cushion will work in \"fair weather\" conditions, offering no guarantee against \"rent seeking\" by Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati who can ruthlessly leverage their support. Government faces no life-threatening risk immediately since it is not required to face Parliament before January 6, but its ministers are already looking forward to what they called a hobbled existence.\"We will have to deal with demand-based support of these parties and that too on a day-to-day basis,\" said a senior Congress leader, confirming the estimate that Trinamool's pullout has rendered the government fragile, and with an acutely cramped maneuver space. Even for following up on the measures that triggered Mamata's withdrawal, government will be dependent on players whose support to reforms have been opportunistic.SP repeated its opposition to FDI in retail on Tuesday while DMK's support to the opposition bandh against fuel price hike on September 20 underlined the problems awaiting the reformers in the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457158", "title": "SP cautious, BSP MP says anti-incumbency favours it", "text": "LUCKNOW: The \"M\" factor - Mamata, Mulayam and Mayawati - is crucial for the survival of the Congress-led UPA government. After the Trinamool Congress decided to pull out of the UPA-2 late on Tuesday evening, all eyes are now on the SP and BSP. The big question is whether Mayawati and Mulayam will save the government as they have in the past. Or will they prefer early Lok Sabha elections?Significantly, although both BSP and SP criticised the UPA government for ignoring their demand to withdraw the decision of FDI in retail and roll back fuel prices, they preferred not to air their differences publicly and continued outside support to UPA-2.Reacting to Trinamool's decision to quit UPA, senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav said the Congress-led UPA government's style of functioning of was not right. He said the Congress was behaving as if it had two-thirds majority. When asked whether the SP will continue its support, Yadav said SP is not going to take any decision immediately. He said SP along with other regional parties including the Left has given a call for nation-wide strike on September 20 against FDI in retail and fuel price hike.\"The party will convene a meeting of its parliamentary board after the protest to discuss the issue of continuing support to UPA,\" he said, indicating that the SP would prefers to wait and watch. Asked if SP will invite Mamata to join September 20 protest, he said TMC has already staged protest on the issue.BSP leaders said their party stands by the announcement made by Mayawati on September 15. The BSP supremo had demanded immediate revocation of the decisions on the FDI in retail and price hike. However, regarding support to UPA, Mayawati had then said that she will take final decision after consulting party leaders on October 9.The party is holding a rally in Lucknow on October 9 on BSP founder Kanshiram's death anniversary. Mayawati will take stock of the party's preparedness for early Lok Sabha election. \"We prefer polls when anti-incumbency against the SP government in UP is high and favours BSP. We also do not want to take the blame of fall of the secular UPA government, keeping in mind Muslim votes,\" said a BSP MP. He also said that the party president will issue a press statement over the new development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "16460733", "title": "Diamantaires upbeat as polished diamond prices stabilize.", "text": "SURAT : Diamantiares in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat have heaved a sigh of relief as the polished diamond prices have started stabilizing ahead of the Diwali festival in the diamond markets in Mumbai and Surat.Industry sources said the recovery in the polished diamond prices in both the diamond markets in Surat and Mumbai has improved business sentiments and brought some measure of optimism in the diamond trade ahead of the Diwali and the Christmas buying season, which will kick start by the end of September.Polished diamond prices had dropped by as much as 20 per cent in some categories over July and August, depressing business sentiments and bringing a great deal of uncertainty among the diamantaires, especially the diamond exporters and the small and medium manufacturers.Sources said the five-days long Hong Kong Jewellery and Gem Fair has kick started from Wednesday, infusing a sense of optimism in the global diamond trade over the much-awaited recovery in the polished diamond prices. However, the downward pressure in the market still persists and dealers expect a further drop of some 3-4 per cent in the immediate short-term in the polished diamonds above 1 carat.\"The India International Jewellery Show (IIJS), which ran over the last week of August, steadied prices and brightened the outlook. The lowering of rough prices by De Beers at its September Sight, further steadied sentiment and slowed the fall in prices\" Sanjay Kothari, vice-chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455597", "title": "Tarzan - Jew in a zoo", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Kamla Nehru Zoological Garden at Kankaria, called the Hill Garden zoo 30 years ago, was a biblical promise of a paradise that its superintendent Reuben David had tried to create for the city and the country. Here, the lion lay down with a monkey in a cage if not the lamb, cubs of lions and tigers survived on dog milk and a dog had more say in a lion's lair.As you entered David's world, canaries sang to the strains of a dilruba - a musical instrument, the elephant played the harmonica while a chimpanzee made its bed before sleeping, and a 129-year-old tortoise was deeply engrossed in painting like Picasso. David showed the world that that civilized humans had a lot to learn from wild animals. \"Look around you, the real animals are outside the cages,\" he would tell visitors to the zoo. He died in 1989. Born in 1912, his birth centenary will be celebrated on Wednesday.He was not just a dreamer. He was the founder of an institution where he taught people co-existence and respect for life. The zoo was rated the best in Asia by 1974, a feat never achieved after David's death. He was also the first municipal employee in the country to get a Padma Shri the following year for his work in wildlife conservation.It may seem ironical that in his early years David was a hunter. Royal familes of Saurashtra, Palanpur and elsewhere would often take him on hunting expeditions to track and kill panthers, lions and deer between the 1920s and 1930s. However, two experiences changed his life. He once came face to face with a panther accidentally near Palanpur jungles. The beast turned its back and walked away without harming him. The other was when he found a fully grown doe in the womb of a deer he was skinning after a hunt.David surrendered his guns the next day. This was in 1939. He opened a small veterinary clinic in Ahmedabad at his home. In few years he made a name treating dogs. In 1951, the then municipality president and commissioner approached him to join the municipality as an honorary naturalist to create a zoological park. \"The officials had waited outside his clinic for five hours as he was attending to a dying dog. In 1951 the municipality bought the Roop Nagar circus animals to start the zoo,\" says his daughter and author Esther David. The rest is history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16458143", "title": "US missile defence not directed against China: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US missile system is defensive in nature and is not intended to pose threat to any country, including China, the White House has said.\"US missile defences are not directed at China. The deployment of radar is focused on addressing the growing North Korean missile threat. Missile defenses are defensive in nature and are not intended to pose a threat to any country,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney said on Tuesday.He said US is \"committed\" to build a \"positive and cooperative\" relationship with China and will continue to discuss strategic security issues in bilateral dialogue.Carney said the Obama administration's China policy is driven by the interests of American people and the American economy, as well as country's national security.\"That is why we have such a multi-faceted, complex relationship with China that includes cooperation in a wide variety of areas, because cooperation is beneficial both to the US and to China,\" Carney said.Pointing out that the US administration discusses issues of both agreement and disagreement with China, Carney, however, said Washington will act against \"unfair trade practices\" harmful to American workers and businesses.\"This administration will act as it has to take cases before the WTO at twice the pace of the previous administration,\" he said.He said, Barack Obama , if re-elected, will continue o work upon \"broad and important\" relationship between US and China.Meanwhile, the State Department expressed its concern over the growing anti-Japan protests in China and reiterated its desire for the two countries to work this out directly.\"I spoke to our desire to see these two countries work this out directly. Secretary Panetta is in Beijing now. He will have some meetings tomorrow, and I am sure he will be making the same points as well,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said at her daily news conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16457796", "title": "'Mines affect public health'", "text": "MARGAO: A few NGOs have filed petitions with the South Goa district collector N D Agarwal pointing out the threat to public health on account of the operation of several iron ore mines within the catchment area of the Selaulim reservoir, and demanded closure of these mining activities immediately.Colva Civic and Consumer Forum further threatened to approach the magistrate to force the Police to file an FIR against the violators. \"This problem is affecting everyone as even when we store water, we get a lot of this brown film on top of the water and there is a lot of sedimentation. If water is supposed to coming in filtered form , we should not have these problem\" said Judith Almeida, convenor of the forum on Tuesday. Another NGO, Selaulim Bachao Andolan (SBA), has named six mines in its petition operating within the catchment area of the dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461757", "title": "Drug companies give up search for Alzheimer's cure", "text": "The world's leading pharmaceutical companies are abandoning the search for new treatments for Alzheimer's disease after a series of failed high-profile drugs trials.Pharmaceutical manufacturers worldwide are under huge pressure as the neuroscience unit has been disproportionately hit, with AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Merck , Sanofi , Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline all downsizing their European departments.\"Neuroscience is a very challenging area. All companies are shedding jobs but neuroscience has had the highest attrition rate,\" The Independent quoted Eric Karran, Director of Research at Alzheimer's Research UK, as saying.\"It always got to be a risk. My sense is not that companies want to move away [from Alzheimer's research] but that their shareholders are getting restive. That's capitalism - there is nothing we can do about that. But there is a huge public need,\" he added when asked if the pipeline of new Alzheimer's drugs could run dry.This year, a trial of Dimebon backed by US pharmaceutical giant, Pfizer, in January, failed to show any benefit, and instead cost the company 750 million dollars in lost investment, while in July, 'bapineuzumab', developed by Irish drug-maker Elan in association with Pfizer and the US multinational Johnson &amp; Johnson, also failed to show an impact on the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, the paper said.Another US group, Eli Lilly, reported the failure of solanezumab in August, which was its second Alzheimer's drug to disappoint in two years. In 2010, a trial of semagacestat not only failed to slow the disease but worsened symptoms, it added.The latest trials are thought to have failed because the drugs were either given too late to patients in the disease process to have any effect, or were unable to pick up subtle changes in cognition over a relatively short period, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16458675", "title": "BMW case: Kshama kin unhappy with charges", "text": "GURGAON: Shailesh Shetye, husband of BMW hit-and-run victim Kshama Chopra Shetye, is disappointed with the chargesheet filed by the Gurgaon police in court. Given the gravity of the accident and the role of the accused, Suraj Sherawat, in the accident who was driving without a driving licence, Shetye said the chargsheet was weak and the case should have been filed under harsher sections of the Indian Penal Code.\"Without a licence, Suraj all along knew that he was in the wrong and to cap that took the lives of three people - Kshama and her unborn child and Sanjay Gulati. Police should have booked him under Sec 304 (Culpable homicide not amounting to murdser) rather than 304 A (Causing death by negligence). Kshama's mother remains critical,\" added Shailesh.Shailesh has recently been provided with a copy of the chargesheet. The chargesheet was filed after a delay of over three months. We were expecting a stronger case against the accused.Shetye and Kshama's father, Rajendra Chopra, who had sustained injuries in the accident, are not made eyewitnesses to the incident in the case. While Shailesh does not figure on the list of 25 eyewitnesses mentioned in the chargesheet, Rajendra Chopra has been made just a complainant.Kshama's uncle and aunt who were not even present at the time of the accident are included as formal witnesses, said Shailesh.Gurgaon police have named Suraj Sherawat as the only accused in the chargesheet, while his friend Daksh Jaiswal who was present in the BMW car has been named as an eyewitness. On May 5, a speeding BMW car being driven by Suraj had rammed into an Indigo near IFFCO Tower killing the pregnant Kshama, and the car driver, Sanjay Gulati.The chargesheet states Suraj's father, Devender Sherawat, had claimed that there were three people, Suraj, Daksh and Rajesh, in the BMW when the accident took place, but when police showed Suraj's photograph, retrieved from his roll number slip from the BMW, to eyewitnesses they had identified him as the driver. They had also told cops that there were two men inside and one of them had fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16456550", "title": "Gurgaon BMW hit-and-run case: Shailesh unhappy with chargesheet", "text": "GURGAON: Shailesh Shetye, husband of BMW hit-and-run victim Kshama Chopra Shetye, is disappointed with the chargesheet filed by the Gurgaon police in court. Given the gravity of the accident and the role of the accused, Suraj Sherawat, in the accident who was driving without a driving licence, Shetye said the chargsheet was weak and the case should have been filed under harsher sections of the Indian Penal Code.\"Without a licence, Suraj all along knew that he was in the wrong and to cap that took the lives of three people - Kshama and her unborn child and Sanjay Gulati. Police should have booked him under Sec 304 (Culpable homicide not amounting to murdser) rather than 304 A (Causing death by negligence). Kshama's mother remains critical,\" added Shailesh.Shailesh has recently been provided with a copy of the chargesheet.The chargesheet was filed after a delay of over three months. We were expecting a stronger case against the accused.Shetye and Kshama's father, Rajendra Chopra, who had sustained injuries in the accident, are not made eyewitnesses to the incident in the case. While Shailesh does not figure on the list of 25 eyewitnesses mentioned in the chargesheet, Rajendra Chopra has been made just a complainant.Surprisingly, Kshama's uncle and aunt who were not even present at the time of the accident are included as formal witnesses, said Shailesh.Gurgaon police have named Suraj Sherawat as the only accused in the chargesheet, while his friend Daksh Jaiswal who was present in the BMW car has been named as an eyewitness. On May 5, a speeding BMW car being driven by Suraj had rammed into an Indigo near IFFCO Tower killing the pregnant Kshama, and the car driver, Sanjay Gulati.The chargesheet states that Suraj's father, Devender Sherawat, had claimed that there were three people, Suraj, Daksh and Rajesh, in the BMW when the accident took place, but when police showed Suraj's photograph, retrieved from his roll number slip from the BMW, to eyewitnesses they had identified him as the driver of the car. They had also told cops that there were two men inside and one of them had fled.Daksh had received injuries and was admitted to a nearby hospital along with other victims. Later, Devender had produced Rajesh as the driver of the car in the court wherein police had that he was not the person they were looking for.The list of 25 witnesses in the chargesheet includes a host of police officers who are named as eyewitnesses to the incident. It also includes an official from ARSD College in Delhi where Suraj is a student. He had given a statement to police on the examination cards of Suraj and Daksh.The chargesheet also mentions that Suraj did not produce his driving licence as directed by the court. Consequently, Section 3/ 180-181 of the Motor Vehicles Act was added to the FIR.A forensic report on the blood spotting found in the car is awaited from FSL Madhuban, which will be submitted in the court as soon as police get it. The next date of court hearing is November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16461806", "title": "Congress-ruled states to increase subsidized LPG cap from 6 to 9 cylinders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress has decided to increase the cap on subsidised LPG cylinders from 6 to 9 in the states ruled by the party.Congress leader Janardan Dwivedi said party president Sonia Gandhi had spoken to the Congress chief ministers and directed them to increase the number of subsidised cylinders to 9.The Congress-led UPA government had, on Thursday, announced an annual six-cylinder cap on subsidised cylinder for every family.The Delhi government has already announced that it will give three more cylinders to the families belonging to economically weaker sections under a scheme to make the state kerosene-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "16457802", "title": "Pernem records 163 crimes so far this year", "text": "MANDREM: As many as 163 cognizable crimes were registered by Pernem police from January to August 2012 as compared to 265 cases registered last year.During the last five years, Pernem taluka witnessed several cognizable, minor and major cases registered at Pernem police station. Around 125 cognizable crimes were registered by Pernem police from 2009 as compared to the 148 cases registered in 2008. The year 2007 and 2006 witnessed 108 and 76 cases registered respectively.Pernem police said that besides cognizable cases, a total of 2,700 minor crimes were also registered by Pernem police from January 2006 to January 2009. The year 2006 saw 854 cases while 794 and 995 minor crimes were registered in 2007 and 2008 respectively. During the last five years (2005 to 2010), 24 women in Pernem taluka committed suicides. Of the 24 suicide cases registered at Pernem police station, five cases of suicide were committed by non-Goans and two by foreigners.On the other hand, the taluka witnessed two murder cases during the period between 2004 and 2009. This year (till August) no drowning case was registered with Pernem police as against four drowning cases (three Indian tourists and one foreigner) last year. Over the years, Arambol, Morjim, Junas, Morjim and Kerim beaches have been regarded as treacherous beaches for swimming.Police statistics from January 2006 to December 2008 state that 13 tourists met with watery graves off Pernem beaches out of which three were foreigners and 10 were Indian tourists. \"Most tourists plunge into the water under the influence of alcohol, resulting in fatal tragedies,\" said PI Tushar Lotlikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456912", "title": "Gang of 4 assaults, robs woman of Rs 2 lakh ornaments", "text": "MUMBAI: The RCF police are searching for four unidentified youths who allegedly barged into a fourth-floor flat in Chembur on Monday and made away with gold ornaments worth Rs 2.44 lakh and Rs 40 in cash after tying up a 34-year-old homemaker and assaulting her.The police suspect that the four could have committed the crime with the help of the victim's son whom they were friends with. One accused had his face covered with a handkerchief, maybe because the victim knew him, the police said.The incident occurred at Ekta Housing Society Mhada Colony in Chembur around 2.30pm when the victim, Lalitha Bhansilal, was alone at home and her son, Akshay, was away to deliver food to his father who runs a leather shop in Kurla (E). The accused reportedly asked a flower shop owner for the direction to Akshay's flat. \"The youth with covered face knocked on the door, while the three others hid on the side. As Bhansilal opened the door, the four forced their way in. Overpowering her, they gagged Bhansilal and tied her up in the kitchen. Brandishing a knife and a gun at her, they took away all the ornaments she was wearing as well as the jewellery they found in a cupboard. They did not even leave behind Rs 40 they spotted,\" said the police. \"They left in less than 20 minutes and latched the flat door.\"The police have prepared sketches of the accused. \"One of the four had his face covered. It hints at the fact that he is known to the victim,\" said RCF police senior inspector Dilip Yadav. The police also questioned Akshay, who claimed that the sketches resembled his college friends. \"Their arrests will throw light on who planned the crime,\" said the police, adding they suspected that the four had hatched the plot with Akshay's help. The officials are checking the footage from the CCTV camera installed at the gate of the next building. The records show four youngsters entering the Mhada house and leaving a few minutes later, matching with the time of the offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "balasore (odisha)", "code": "16461208", "title": "India test-fires nuclear-capable strategic missile Agni-IV", "text": "BALASORE (ODISHA): India on Wednesday test-fired its nuclear-capable strategic missile Agni-IV with a strike range of about 4000 km from a test range off Odisha coast.It was test launched with the help of a mobile launcher from launch complex-4 of ITR at Wheeler Island, about 100 km from here, at about 1145 hours, defence sources said.A high performance on-board computer with distributed avionics architecture and high speed reliable communication bus and a full Digital Control System were used to control and guide the missile to the target.\"It is equipped with modern and compact avionics to provide high level of reliability,\" a DRDO official said.\"The state-of-the-art Ring Laser Gyros based high accuracy INS (RINS) and Micro Navigation System (MINGS) complementing each other in redundant mode have been incorporated into the missile system in guidance mode,\" the sources said.The sophisticated missile is lighter in weight and has two stages of solid propulsion. The payload, with a re-entry heat shield can withstand temperature of more than 3000 degree Celsius, a defence scientist said.The missile, is undergoing developmental trials by country's premier Defence Research and Development Organisation.The last trial of the missile, carried out on November 15, 2011 from the same base was successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16461162", "title": "BHU all set for student polls", "text": "Varanasi: Stage is all set for new Student Council of Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ) with the peaceful completion of nomination process on Tuesday. Chairman of the council, Prof KK Singh, while talking to TOI on Tuesday said, so far 342 nominations have been filled and the final list of candidates after the withdrawal of nomination and scrutiny will be prepared at departmental level. Meanwhile campus remained abuzz with election activities. While all the departments and faculties were busy preparing final list of candidates, students were also seen enthusiastic about the upcoming polling days.The first year students seemed more interested for the polling day. According to Sana Khan, a first year student of Faculty of Arts, it would be a good experience to see the democratic elections in campus. It is very different from school life yet disciplined. Mamta Singh, a post graduation student of Science Faculty feels that student council will benefit the students in all endeavours specially sports and cultural activities organised at university and inter-university levels. \"It is like a complaint box for us for our own welfare\", said Rajesh Kumar, a first year student of Faculty of Arts.Although a number of students are looking enthusiastic to welcome the new Student Council, the zeal for the elections is missing among a large section of students this year as a number of students seem disinterested in the entire election process demanding restoration of Student Union on the campus. According to sources, a comparatively less participation is also indicating the trend. If the sources are to be believed, more than 700 nominations forms were distributed for Student Council elections in 2011, however this year only 429 forms were taken out of, which only 342 were submitted till Monday. At the same time, Faculty of Arts had around 103 nominations in 2011 while this year only seven nominations have come so far from the faculty. It may be mentioned here that few students are also boycotting the Student Council elections for keeping their demand for the restoration of Student Union in the university.It is noteworthy that the programme of the election of Students' Council of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) that was announced on September 03 directs that the entire election process will be completed till September 23.As per the programme, the publication of electoral roll and distribution of nomination forms to students was held on September 14.The nomination for the first level election of students (class representative) of undergraduate, post-graduate and PhD started on Monday. The scrutiny of the candidature held just after the receipt of nomination forms on the same day. The final list of candidates was announced on Tuesday after scrutiny of candidature and withdrawal of nomination.Notably, the first level polling of undergraduate students would be held on September 21 followed by counting and declaration of results on the same day. Similarly the first level polling of post graduate and PhD students along with counting and declaration of results would be held on September 22.The second level nomination of undergraduate, post graduate and PhD students, declaration of candidates, withdrawal of nomination, polling, counting and declaration of results would also be held on September 22.On September 23, the election process of third level for faculty representative including nomination, declaration of candidature, withdrawal of nomination, polling and declaration of result would be held. Besides, the nomination for the office bearers of Students' Council, declaration of candidature, withdrawal of nomination, polling and declaration of result would also be held on the same day. The election would be held by secret ballot paper only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458605", "title": "DUSU poll code breach: Committee formed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The members of the newly-elected Delhi University students' union had all been served show-cause notices for violating the code of conduct before the polls. A fact-finding committee has finally been formed to look into evidence against the candidates and examine their replies.The three-member committee consists of professor Ramesh Gautam, director of Institute of Lifelong Learning and he will also chair the committee; Dr R C Kuhad; and Dr Sunil Sondhi, principal of Maharaja Agrasen College. \"It is an independent committee and will decide on the matter,\" says professor C S Dubey \u2014 the chief election officer.ABVP is unhappy with the committee choice. \"We wanted a committee that would be fair. We wanted a retired judge from the Supreme Court or High Court to chair the committee,\" says Rohit Chahal of ABVP.Meanwhile, a draw of lots will resolve the tie between ABVP and NSUI for the seat of joint secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16461150", "title": "Women celebrate Haritalika Teej", "text": "VARANASI: The festival of Haritalika Teej was celebrated with religious fervour in city on Tuesday. Women dressed in new attires were found visiting Lord Shiva and Gauri temples.A heavy rush of devotees was witnessed at Manglagauri temple. Women of all agegroups started queuing up in the temple since early dawn to get a glimpse of the deity and get bangles and vermillion as prasad. Many married and unmarried women observed fast on the occasion. The festival is celebrated in Shukla Paksha of Bhadra month of Hindu calendar.Meanwhile, women were seen in shopping malls and other market places for their last minute shopping for the festival.Notably, market places specially Luxa, Gurubagh, Godowlia, Dashaswamedh road, Orderly Bazaar, Nai Sarak, Lahurabir, Sigra were also found crowded on the occasion. A large number of makeshift stalls near prominent temples and old parts of the city were seen selling clay idols of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati along with other worshipping articles.Besides, a heavy rush of women was seen queued up in shopping malls, retail stores and few market places like Godowlia and Gurubagh for putting decorative mehendi on their hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459875", "title": "Hearing deferred in Shehla Masood case", "text": "INDORE: Hearing in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case was deferred on Tuesday as Justice Anupam Shrivastav of special CBI court on was on leave. Next hearing in the case has been scheduled for October 11 and 12.Three relatives of deceased Shehla Masood including her maternal aunt Rabab Zadi, father Sultan Masood and nephew Rahil Hussain was supposed to give their statement in court on Tuesday, but when all the witness and lawyers reached court in the morning they were informed by the court that hearing have been deferred. Now all three witnesses will give their statements on October 11, while Anurag Patel and Athar Khan will give their statement on October 12.Till now only statement of ASI M R Uikey has been recorded in the court. Uikey was among the first police personnel to reach at the crime scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16460522", "title": "Huge turnout of villagers boosts CRPF fest", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The measures undertaken by the paramilitary personnel in winning the confidence of residents of the Maoist-hit Dalma area of East Singhbhum district in the past three years has yielded results in bridging the gap between the two.The overwhelming response of the villagers to the two-day entertainment programmes organized by the CRPF's 7th Battalion at Polytechnic College in Adityapur to mark 54th Raising Day of the force on September 16 and 17 demonstrated the rising confidence level of the villagers on the force.The people, including children and women in large numbers, from several villages surrounding the CRPF camp and from the Dalma fringes turned up at a fair to enjoy mouthwatering food at a throwaway price and buying the household goods at concessional rates. \"With homely atmosphere and lively market, the fair generates a sense of belonging among us. I hope the officials will organize the mela for two days from the next year,\" said Mangal Mahato, a villager who is happy purchasing blanket at a cost relatively less from the market rate.\"It's very encouraging to see the overwhelming response of the villagers to the fair. This event will help support us in going further close to the villagers in addressing their issues, effectively,\" 7th Battalion commandant Rajesh Kumar Singh said on Sunday. The reason why the villagers' turnout has made the paramilitary force happy is because initially the men in uniform had to face problems in carrying out the anti-Maoist operations. tnn\"We can easily recall the days when villagers were cynical about us and were not very cooperative also. But, our confidence building measures gradually proved productive on the ground after years of exercise,\" said a junior official mentioning about the terrible atmosphere they once confronted.CRPF DIG (operations) of Kolhan division Bhanu Pratap Singh, who was present on Monday to enjoy the cultural evening, expressed his gratitude to the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458582", "title": "NCP to select youth wing president in October", "text": "PUNE: The NCP is likely to select its city youth wing president by October 10.\"It is an open process and interested youths should fill up the application forms and submit them at the office,\" state NCP youth wing president Umesh Patil said on Tuesday.The need for a reelection was felt after Vitthal Hanamgar, the previous city youth wing president, committed suicide nearly one and a half years back. Since then the post was vacant.Patil said they will check the socio-political background of the aspirants.The forms have been designed in such manner that the candidate will have to give all the information about herself and her knowledge of the city.A list of four to five probable candidates will be prepared after scrutiny of forms. The final candidate will be selected through interviews.People in the age group of 18 years to 35 years are eligible for selection.NCP girls' conclave'Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress' -- the girls' wing of NCP, has organised a conclave in the city on October 2. \"Issues pertaining to girls in the city will be discussed in the meet. An action plan to solve the problems will be prepared,\" said NCP city chief Vandana Chavan.Chavan said the conclave will take place at Ganesh Kala Krida Manch on October 2 between 9.30 am and 1.30 pm. Issues such as female foeticide, public toilets for women and social security will be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458528", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Parking lots, traffic diversions for the festival", "text": "PUNE: Traffic diversions and parking arrangements in some central areas of the city were put in place on Wednesday as a large number of people and mandals are expected to turn up to take home Ganesh idols between 6 am and 9 pm.Vehicular traffic on Shivaji Road from Premier Garage Chowk to Gotiram Bhaiyya Chowk, Dengle Bridge, and from old godown to Annabhau Sathe Chowk in Shivajinagar will be banned. Police have identified five spots for parking vehicles.Parking arrangements have been made on the road between Kamgar Putala Chowk to Shivaji statue on Ranade Road, Kumbhar Ves Chowk to Gadgil Statue, on the riverside road near Bhide Bridge, Shahu Chowk to Rashtrabhushan Chowk on Shivaji Road and at Minerva and Aryan parking lots near Mahatma Phule Mandai.The traffic branch of the Pune police has asked that only big mandals which have to get large-sized Ganesh idols take their vehicles up to the stalls. Smaller mandals and citizens should park their vehicles at the parking lots.Police has also cautioned citizens from touching any unidentified object, bag or toy. They must contact the police about such unidentified objects, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16460790", "title": "Four accused in Mukesh Bavaji murder case sent for five day remand in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT:Four accused who were arrested by Rajkot district police in connection with the Mukesh Bavaji murder case have been sent for five day police custody.On Tuesday, Rajkot district police arrested four persons and produced them before Upleta court seeking remand for the accused. Upleta court in Rajkot district granted five day police custody of the accused.Police have unraveled the murder mystery of 42-year-old history-sheeter Mukesh Bavaji who was murdered on 19 July at his residence in Bhayavadar village in Upleta taluka of Rajkot district. Local Crime Branch (LCB), Rajkot Rural, has arrested four people in Mukesh Bavaji's murder case. \"Mukesh Bavaji was murdered by his wife's ex husband Jayesh Dalshaniya and his associates. Jeyesh has been staying in front of Mukesh Bavaji's residence in Bhayavadar. Mukesh released from the Jail and fell in love with Jayesh's wife Sheetal and he was living with her.Sheetal, in fact, got divorce with Jayesh in Upleta Court in May, 2011 and was staying in Mukesh in Bhayavadar. Jayesh did not like it and conspired to kill Mukesh and gave Supari to a farm labourer turned his friend in the village and got him killed'' said Prem Vir Singh, Superintendent of Police, Rajkot district.According to police, Jayesh had given supari of Rs 1.50 lakh to Dinesh Muniya (36), a resident of Gangarda village in Garbada taluka of Dahod district, to kill Mukesh Bavaji as he snatched his wife Sheetal. Police said that Dinesh took help of his other three tribal friends Mohal alias Sardar Mohaniya (26), a resident of Chajoi village of Dahod district and Shanker Meda (32), a resident of Dhavliya village of Alirajpur taluka in Madhya Pradesh and Saniyo, to eliminate Mukesh Bavaji.\"All the four tribal were staying in Bhayavadar village over the last six years and were engaged in agricultural work. Jayesh was running Pan shop in Bhayavadar and four tribals used to come over there and that's how they came in touch with Jayesh'' said V J Rathod, Police Inspector, LCB, Rajkot Rural.Police said that Bavaji was history sheeter and was involved in more than 60 crimes including Angadiya loot, robbery, and murder among others.: Four accused who were arrested by Rajkot district police in connection with the Mukesh Bavaji murder case have been sent for five day police custody.On Tuesday, Rajkot district police arrested four persons and produced them before Upleta court seeking remand for the accused. Upleta court in Rajkot district granted five day police custody of the accused.Police have unraveled the murder mystery of 42-year-old history-sheeter Mukesh Bavaji who was murdered on 19 July at his residence in Bhayavadar village in Upleta taluka of Rajkot district. Local Crime Branch (LCB), Rajkot Rural, has arrested four people in Mukesh Bavaji's murder case. \"Mukesh Bavaji was murdered by his wife's ex husband Jayesh Dalshaniya and his associates. Jeyesh has been staying in front of Mukesh Bavaji's residence in Bhayavadar. Mukesh released from the Jail and fell in love with Jayesh's wife Sheetal and he was living with her.Sheetal, in fact, got divorce with Jayesh in Upleta Court in May, 2011 and was staying in Mukesh in Bhayavadar. Jayesh did not like it and conspired to kill Mukesh and gave Supari to a farm labourer turned his friend in the village and got him killed'' said Prem Vir Singh, Superintendent of Police, Rajkot district. According to police, Jayesh had given supari of Rs 1.50 lakh to Dinesh Muniya (36), a resident of Gangarda village in Garbada taluka of Dahod district, to kill Mukesh Bavaji as he snatched his wife Sheetal. Police said that Dinesh took help of his other three tribal friends Mohal alias Sardar Mohaniya (26), a resident of Chajoi village of Dahod district and Shanker Meda (32), a resident of Dhavliya village of Alirajpur taluka in Madhya Pradesh and Saniyo, to eliminate Mukesh Bavaji.\"All the four tribal were staying in Bhayavadar village over the last six years and were engaged in agricultural work. Jayesh was running Pan shop in Bhayavadar and four tribals used to come over there and that's how they came in touch with Jayesh'' said V J Rathod, Police Inspector, LCB, Rajkot Rural.Police said that Bavaji was history sheeter and was involved in more than 60 crimes including Angadiya loot, robbery, and murder among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457084", "title": "Secondary runway at Juhu open to choppers", "text": "MUMBAI: Airports Authority of India (AAI) issued a notice to pilots on Tuesday stating that they can land helicopters on Juhu airport's secondary runway with due caution.The notice flies in the face of the audit report released recently by AAI, which called for closure of the secondary runway citing air-safety reasons. The audit said that till the issues raised in the report are not resolved, the secondary runway should be shut. It was in line with this audit that from Tuesday morning, the secondary runway was closed for repairs. The said runway will not be used for six months or even longer. All flights in Juhu will be handled by the main runway. The arrangement poses a problem when Juhu's bigger, busier neighbour, the Mumbai airport, uses its secondary runway for flight operations.AAI officials had earlier contended that helicopters could continue to land and take off from Juhu's main runway when the secondary runway was in use in Mumbai airport, though this practice brought the aircraft operating to these two airports close to each other.\"They wanted us to follow this on a trial basis, but the proposal was turned down by helicopter industry representatives as it compromised air safety,'' said Capt Uday Gelli, present, Rotary Wing Society of India. About 30-40 pilots and representatives from the helicopter industry met Airports Authority of India officials to discuss air safety issues arising out of secondary runway closure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16455910", "title": "3-day power holiday irks Fapcci", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though the revised restrictions and controls order implemented by the Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) from September 12 was a welcome move, Central Power Distribution Company of AP Ltd's (CPDCL) decision to slap a three-day power holiday on industry will starve industry of power, said Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci). Slamming CPDCL's latest move, top officials of Fapsaid that the new CPDCL directive will result in an over 70% power cut for industry. \"Industry welcomed the revised Restriction and Control (R&C;) measures effective from September 12, 2012 where a 60% quota of power was allotted to industry but with a promise of continuous power. But all of a sudden a further three days power cut has been implemented,\" Fapcci president Devendra Surana said on Tuesday.\"We were okay with a 40% power cut as per the revised R&C; order as we were promised 60% continuous power. But the CPDCL directive to all field officers to impose thrice a week power holidays on industries that was implemented today morning onwards means industry will get less than 30% of the required power supply per week. Things have gone from bad to worse and this CPDCL move will force closure of all industries,\" Surana explained.Here Surana pointed out that out of the total 168 hours in each week, the three days power holidays translates into 72 hours of power holidays per week in addition to a 16-hour peak hour restriction, leaving only 80 hours of power supply. But with industry allotted only 60% of power use in these 80 hours each week, this results in a total power supply of only 48 hours per week which is just 28.57% of the total 168 hours in each week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16457971", "title": "Armed goon attacks constable, held", "text": "NAGPUR: A bike-borne constable on patrolling duty, dubbed Charlie commando, came under attack from a knife-wielding goon on Monday night near Narendra Nagar bridge. Constable Tarachand Ambadare suffered a torn uniform but no injury. The latest incident is among several in the last couple of weeks where police personnel have been attacked.Ambadare received information that three armed goons were creating a ruckus near Narendra Nagar Bridge. When he reached the place, one of the miscreants, later identified as Yeshwant Kumre, brandished a knife and tried to assault Ambadare with it. Though the constable managed to pin down Kumre, the miscreant had already torn the cop's uniform. Two accomplices of Kumre managed to flee.Sources in the Ajni police station, where Kumre was booked, said Kumre had been trying to mislead the cops. He had earlier identified himself as Nitin Dhakne. He had also furnished a false address claiming to be a resident of Rameshwari Ring road. Later, it was discovered Kumre is actually a resident of Sonegaon.Deputy commissioner of police, Zone-IV, Chandra Kishor Mina said that Kumre is likely to have criminal record against him. \"The miscreant was either preparing to execute a crime or had committed some offence which he is not revealing. We are taking the case seriously,\" said Mina. It is learnt that Kumre has been remanded to police custody till September 20. DCP said police have slapped stringent sections of IPC against the culprits for assaulting the constable so that he cannot get away easily.Prior to this, a constable was kidnapped from a spot near Hingna T-point. In the last case, a NCP student wing leader along with his brother and another were charged for kidnapping constable Khemraj Shenwar from Rana Pratap Nagar. They forced him to come with them in their car following a dispute over keeping an unauthorized eatery open after 11 pm deadline set by the city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. Though Dhanvijay had assured of stringent action against persons involved in the kidnapping case, Rana Pratap Nagar police could not fight allegations levelled by the politically connected trio before the magistrate to procure custody for interrogation. The trio walked free on bail.A traffic constable was thrashed near Zero Mile last week on September 14. Two people had beaten up constable Mahadev Thakre and also decamped with his mobile phone when he tried to check the documents of their vehicle. Last month, a constable from Lakadganj police had a miraculous escape when a goon attacked him with a sword. The constable only had a stick to defend himself with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457548", "title": "Lucknow University student union polls to be held on October 15", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University student union elections will now be held on October 15. After a lot of considerations, the university has been able to fix up the new date. As per university officials, LU administration will be able to complete all formalities till October 15 to conduct student union polls. The university has also sent the proposal of the new date to the district administration for approval.The university had on September 1 declared to hold student union polls in between October 18 and October 20. Immediately, the university informed about the dates to the district administration for its approval. A reminder was again sent to them on September 13 to finalise the dates. But the district administration wanted to advance the election dates to October 9. This was due to the visit of President Pranab Mukherjee to the state capital, which is scheduled on October 12.To find a mid way, student union sub-committee met on Tuesday. After looking into all points, they decided that in no way the student elections can be held on October 9. They then proposed October 15. \"Getting identity cards issued for all students will be difficult before October 10. Once all admission process ends, only then elections can be held,\" said an official.Sources in the university also hinted that ahead of the polls, the university is planning to take stern action against students who have been involved in various anti-student activities after the university was re-opened. If the district administration approves the new date, the notification should be done on September 25 after which model code of conduct will be put in place. All candidates contesting for the elections will have to adhere to the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations. Accordingly the nominations will be done on October 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16458019", "title": "Bail against payment: HC marks probe to CBI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday ordered CBI inquiry into an incident in which a relative of an accused, Praveen Kumar , now lodged in a jail in Ambala, had complained that he had told him that bail from the high court was possible against a payment of Rs 37 lakh.While handing over the matter to CBI for probe, Justice Jitender Chauhan also cancelled the bail granted to Praveen, an accused in a drug trafficking case in Panchkula. The order has come in the wake of a complaint of Hakram Rai.According to Rai, Praveen has said he got bail from the high court with the help of some persons, including police officials, who submitted false information to the court and concealed the facts. It was also submitted that Praveen was arrested with opium and 9 kg milk opium, worth crores of rupees. Rai has also alleged that Praveen was threatening to kill him and his family.Praveen was arrested by the Panchkula Police on January 26, after a case was registered at Sector 14 police station under the provisions of the NDPS Act. He was granted bail in July by the HC. Immediately after getting bail, he had started luring other jail inmates, saying bail was possible from the high court against a payment of Rs 37 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16460646", "title": "Girls' hostel built with Japan aid inaugurated", "text": "GUMLA: Consul General of Japan Mitsuo Kawaguchi on Tuesday inaugurated the newly constructed girls hostel under the Japan government's grant assistance for grassroots projects (GGP).Built under the scheme with the cost of Rs 36.64 lakh, the hostel will house 52 girls students of the Scheduled Tribe and Primitive Tribe Group (PTG).Inaugurating the hostel named Sanghmitra, Kawaguchi said the Japan government had been offering financial assistance under the GGP for development projects designed to meet diverse basic human needs of the people in developing countries since 1989.\"The aim of the project is to provide basic amenities to pursue education to the underprivileged residing in impoverished and isolated region deprived of basic services. There was an immediate requirement to improve the congenial environment for education in this district having 10% literacy rate lower than the national level,\" said the consul general. Japan had signed the grant contract with Vikas Bharti working in the region in March 2011 the day the devastating Tsunami hit the country, said Kawaguchi who sang a complete Hindi film song \"Chalte Chalte Meri Yeh Geet Yaad Rakhna, Kabhi Albida Na Kahna\".State's development commissioner Devashish Gupta underlined the need for small skill development projects for the girls of the areas, besides school facilities for them. He exhorted the girls students to do whatever they do in a better way and with dedication.Vikas Bjharti has focused on education so that no children should be deprived of education in an adverse situation arising out of poverty and the hostel has been made to have a good residential facility for them, said its secretary Ashok Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458609", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to regularise 30,000 constructions", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has decided to regularise around 30,000 unauthorised constructions which have minor violations of the development control rules by imposing a fine.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi told reporters on Tuesday that nearly 30% of the total 1.1 lakh unauthorised constructions have minor violations of the development control (DC) rules. \"The civic general body had cleared a proposal in May 1997 by which unauthorised constructions with minor violations of DC rules can be regularised. These violations include usage of 10% more floor space index (FSI) than what was permitted.\"Owners of such constructions will have to pay a fine of around Rs 500 per sq.ft. for regularising the construction, Pardeshi said. \"Only those constructions that have come up before March 31, 2012, will be regularised through this route, he said. The owners can submit the requisite documents through a licensed architect for regularising the constructions.\"The civic body has uploaded on its website information about authorised constructions built after 2001 so that people who are new to the city will know whether the properties they are buying are authorised or not. Citizens can conduct a search under 17 points related to construction, such as village name, survey number, city survey number, or name of developer or architect. People should check the website before buying houses or properties in the city, Pardeshi said.Additional information about authorised constructions completed between 1999 and 2000 will also be posted on the website in a few days, he said, adding that, \"The PCMC plans to provide all information about constructions since 1982.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16456212", "title": "Eramam cyber park remains on paper", "text": "KANNUR: The work on the proposed cyber park at Eramam has not reached anywhere because of administrative bottlenecks.It's 19 months since the then chief minister, V S Achuthanandan, laid the foundation stone for the park, which is expected to provide jobs to nearly 10,000 people once it's fully completed. Around 25 acres of land has been acquired for the park. However, the proposed site does not have a proper entrance.\"The entry to the site can be developed only after we acquire the 75 cents of land lying close to the road. A private party owns that land,\" CEO of the park K G Girish Babu, told TOI. But if he has to vacate that land, the government will have to allot him alternative land, he added. \"No infrastructure development can take place at the park site without acquiring this piece of land. We expect the government to acquire it soon,\" he said. So far, only the fencing work in some portion of the site has been completed.Another issue the park faces pertains to SEZ status for the land, which has to be renewed. It now stands cancelled since the work on the park did not start at the stipulated time. \"We have given the application for renewing the SEZ status to the board of approval in the ministry of commerce. We expect it to come through in the next two months,\" he added.Though the board met on September 14, it renewed the SEZ status of only the Kasaragod IT park.The park authorities, however, are hopeful about completing the first phase of the project in 2014. Its CEO said NABARD had already sanctioned a Rs 20-crore loan for the project.The foundation stone was laid on February 20, 2011. The first phase, once completed, is expected to generate 1,000 jobs.Since the IT industry in India is slowly shifting to rural areas, it is expected that the government will clear the stumbling blocks for these projects in the coming months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16461605", "title": "Govt tried to contact Mamata Banerjee: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday said it has been trying to contact Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee for the last four days with even Prime Minister Manmohan Singh making an effort to explain the reasons behind FDI and diesel price hike decisions but without success.\"We have tried to speak to her four days ago. The Prime Minister tried to speak to her. We have left the message to her that she can speak. We have not heard anything,\" finance minister P Chidambaram told reporters here.He was replying to questions about Trinamool's decision to quit the government in protest against decisions on allowing FDI in retail and hike in diesel price.His statement came after a meeting of the Congress core group during which the issue of Trinamool's decision to withdraw support was discussed.The meeting decided that efforts would still be made to explain Trinamool the background behind its decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16461189", "title": "Protests force Varanasi Development Authority to withdraw demolition drive along the Ganga", "text": "Varanasi: The Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) on Tuesday decided to withdraw its demolition drive along the Ganga ghats after failing to ensure compliance of the Allahabad High Court order on illegal constructions in areas within 200 meters of the river. The VDA would now take action in this regard after the next date of hearing in HC on September 24.The VDA had initially launched a three-day drive on September 10 for the compliance of July 27 order of the HC regarding demolition of identified illegal constructions along the Ganga ghats and subsequent issuance of government order in this connection. But, due to strong protest put up by traders, local residents and politicians, the VDA postponed its drive and planned to launch it from Tuesday. As per the VDA list, a total of 13 buildings, including three in Dashaswamedh Ghat zone, two in Adampur, three in Kotwali, four in Bhelupur and one in Chowk zone, were to be covered under the drive.During the last drive, the VDA had tried to launch the demolition drive from Dashaswamedh Ghat zone, but had to return empty-handed.On Tuesday, the VDA officials along with an additional city magistrate, circle officer and heavy police force and PAC personnel reached Assi Ghat to launch the drive from Bhelupur zone. However, before the joint team of officials could reach the spot, scores of demonstrators, including hotel owners, leaders of traders association and legislators of Congress and BJP Ajay Rai and Jyotsana Srivastava respectively gathered near the ghat under the banner of Kashi Bachao Samiti and staged a sit-in. They also held a public meeting and targeted the Kautilya Society, which had filed a PIL on which the HC issued the order.In the meantime, a VDA bulldozer also reached the spot but was captured by the demonstrators. This forced the VDA, district administration and police officials to assemble in the Jagannath temple compound. After silently watching the agitation for a few hours, the ACM left the Assi Ghat.He was followed by the VDA team and the police force. Some time later the demonstrators decided to call off their stir after reiterating their pledge to continue opposing the VDA bid to demolish \"buildings along the ghats by terming them as illegal constructions\".When VDA vice-chairman V K Singh was contacted after these developments, he said: \"The authority is prepared to launch the demolition drive but the law and order issue would have to be tackled by the district administration and police. As the level of water in the Ganga is rising, any major action against the demonstrations along the ghats has been avoided.\"Singh made it clear that the drive has been cancelled. \"The VDA would now inform the HC about the developments on the next date of hearing on September 24. Any further action would depend on HC instructions thereafter,\" he added.Singh said the VDA counsel would also be consulted on the future course of action. He said video clips of the demonstrations have been prepared. He added that the VDA would also inform the HC about the government orders issued for defining the river front and banning any new construction in the area falling within 200 meters of the Ganga banks. On the question of engaging an agency for demarcation of the area falling within 200 meters from the highest flood point, Singh said it would be taken as per the HC's order after the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457535", "title": "MNCs may face tough time here", "text": "BANGALORE: Multinational chains such as Carrefour, Tesco and Wal-Mart may not step into Karnataka, at least for now.Though Karnataka, Bangalore in particular, is touted as an ideal place to kickstart FDI in multibrand retail, the ruling BJP will not allow entry as the party is opposed to it at the national level. The guidelines clearly state that retail sales outlets may be set up in those states which have agreed or will agree in future to allow FDI in multi-brand retail under this policy.The establishment of these outlets will be in compliance with state laws and regulations such as the Shops and Establishments Act.Industries minister Murugesh R Nirani indicated that FDI retail ventures are not welcome in the state. He said the issue would be discussed with senior party leaders before a decision is taken.However, a senior minister said : \"When BJP is spearheading the Bharat bandh on Sept. 20 against FDI, how can it be implemented here?\" Experts opine that entry of multi-brand retailers is necessary as post-harvest crop losses are between 35%-40% in the state and setting up of advanced processing units, cold chains and warehouses would benefit farmers. The state is one of the largest producers of agricultural produce, including fruits, vegetables, flowers, grains, pulses, fresh poultry, fishery and meat products which require processing units and cold storage.\"MNCs bring not just money but advanced technology too.The Centre's move will be advantageous to Karnataka as post-harvest waste is nearly 40%. Cold storage chains would greatly reduce this,\"M Lakshminarayan, president, Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce, told TOI. He cited farmers dumping thousands of tonnes of tomatoes in Kolar region and potatoes in Hassan district on the road when they don't get competitive prices. This can be minimized by cold chains and processing units in districts and taluks, he added.In any case, very few cities like Bangalore, Mysore,Hubli-Dharwad and Gulbarga will be eligible as they a population of more than 10 lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461186", "title": "I made some promises to my father: Aastha", "text": "For Aastha Chaudhary, choosing a career in acting instead of in engineering, was not that tough a choice for. \"Acting interested me since my college days. I had joined a theater group in college and did many plays. After finishing graduation, I wanted to give it a shot and luckily I landed a role in \"Aise Na Karo Vida\", she tells us.So was it tough, making a break in TV industry. \" Thoda sa tough toh tha but it was not like my family was totally against it. Nevertheless, I had to make some promises to my father before leaving to Mumbai and I'm still fulfilling those promises,\" says Aastha with a grin.We decided to press further and ask if those promises are the reason for her single status and she laughs. \" Haan kuchh toh hain hi. (laughs) Yes I'm single but I'm ready to mingle. Though I would prefer ki mere gharvale ladka dekhein. Par abhi aisa bhi nahi hai ki main agar dekhungi toh mana ho jayega ,\" she says with a smile.Aastha seems content with her journey so far. \"I was fortunate enough to be a part of shows like \" Babul Ka Angan Chhoote Na\" and \"Aise Na Karo Vida \", which were very popular. I'm currently doing \"Sooli\", which is a fiction show in which I'm playing Sudhanshu Pandey's lover,\" Astha informs.The budding actress also believes that being in the TV industry is easier and safer for girls than in movies. \"TV girls ke liye zyada safe hai kyunki TV main kisi ek ke saathh main nahi hota kuchh. Channel ki ek creative team hoti hai, which shortlists the actors. So, there is very little chance for anybody falling into casting couch trap,\"she avers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "16457917", "title": "Pilgrims set fire to bus in Bikaner", "text": "BIKANER: A day after a relief train was set on fire following a mishap in Bikaner, which claimed seven lives, the pilgrims burnt a bus on Tuesday near Diyatara village after it hit a woman pedestrian. The woman was going to the holy place of Ramdevra.ASP (rural) Shri Krishna Meena told TOI that a group of pilgrims were going to Ramdevra, when a private bus coming from Bikaner side hit a woman of the group and injured her badly. The incident took place around 3.30 pm. The members of the group and other pilgrims stopped the bus and picked up a fight with the bus staff. All the passengers got down and the angry pilgrims set fire to the bus, which has completely burnt. Later the pilgrims jammed NH -15 and became more aggressive. On receiving information, SHO Anil Vishnoi of Kolayat police station rushed to the spot and cleared the blockade.Meanwhile, following Monday's case of burning the relief train by pilgrims, police have registered a case against unidentified pilgrims under sections 147, 148, 149, 323, 332, 336, 353, 436 of IPC and also under sections 147, 150, 151, 152 of Railway Act and again under sections of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act on a complaint lodged by the guard of the relief train, Rajendra Kumar Swami.Meanwhile, railway authorities, after a long discussion with villagers, public representatives, pilgrims, police and administrative authorities, have deputed a gateman at the unmanned railway crossing between Chani village and Indo Ka Bala as a precautionary measure.Divisional railway manager S S Gupta also visited the site, who returned to Bikaner cancelling his Delhi visit. Gupta said that a committee has been constituted to conduct an inquiry into the incident and further action will be taken on the report of the committee.District collector Dr Prithvi announced an ex gratia of Rs 20,000 each to the family of the deceased pilgrims and Rs 5,000 to each injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460825", "title": "Priyan's next confronts 'Oh My God' over release date", "text": "The producers of Priyadarshan's latest comic romp Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal ( KDM ) are under very serious pressure to postpone their release date so that it doesn't clash with Akshay Kumar's godly comedy Oh My God ( OMG ) . However the OMG team is not budging, come what may.Both the films are slated for a September 28 release.Apparently the KDM producers have been besieged with \"requests\" from the other camp to move forward, as a clash between the two films, both essentially comedies, doesn't make any box-office sense.Interestingly the KDM director Priyadarshan who is a close friend of the OMG producer Akshay Kumar , has also lately jumped into the postponement persuasion plan.A source very close to the KDM producer Percept Pictures says, \"We've been under pressure to postpone our film for nearly two months now. They've tried to convince us through various people. Strangely our director Priyadarshan has also converted to their line of thinking. On Akshay Kumar's say-so , Priyan too has started thinking we should postpone Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal . But why should we? We announced our film before Oh My God .\"The latest development in the Picture Hatao Andolan is a \"request\" call from Anil Agarwal , a close associate of Ponty Chadha whose company is the worldwide distributor of OMG .Apparently Agarwal rang up the producers of KMD with a \"very serious request\" to postpone their release.Says our source from Percept, \"The call went to Harindra Singh, brother to Percept's Shailendra Singh. Mr Agarwal very politely argued that releasing both films on the same day would be detrimental to both the projects. Since Harindra Singh is not directly involved with Percept Films he heard the other person out . The next thing Percept knew ,word spread in the industry that KMD 's release was being postponed. But we are very sure we're coming in 28 September.\"When approached Shailendra Singh refrained from comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16461650", "title": "Woman kidnapped from home", "text": "BIJAPUR: A 32-year-old married woman was allegedly kidnapped by three unidentified persons from her house at Ashram locality in Adarsh Nagar here on Monday. According to a complaint lodged by Veena Shashikant Alal, three persons barged into their house and threatened her sister-in-law Mahalakshmi Parajannavar at gunpoint and fled with her on a four-wheeler. Adarsh Nagar police have registered a case.Gold jewellery stolen !!!Miscreants, who gained entry into a house in Bijapur city on Sunday, made away with gold ornaments worth more than Rs1.56 lakh. According to a police complaint filed by Dilip Shantappa Salagal of New KHB Colony, some unidentified persons entered his house breaking the door open and decamped with gold ornaments and money. Dilip was not in his house when the incident happened. Adarsh Nagar police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16457298", "title": "LPG shortage awaits Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: A severe shortage of LPG supply awaits consumers in Kochi city and suburban areas as the filling of LPG cylinders has been indefinitely postponed at Udayamperoor IOC bottling plant from last Monday. Usually, refill takes 15-21 days, but the scene is going to be bleak in the days to come.Many Indane agencies across the district have started displaying \"No Stock\" boards. And many have also announced a time limit of 18-20 days as waiting period.\"It is for the first time that we are facing such a crisis as the LPG supply has been hit for more than a week now,\" said Cyriac, proprietor of Rashmi Gas, the Indane gas agency which has been functioning in Tripunithura for more than 10 years.\"Our daily demand comes to around 450-500 cylinders and as we have been receiving two loads per day we could meet it. And if there was any disruption in the supply, the company usually supported us with extra loads on Sundays. In that case too it took three days to clear the backlog of one day,\" he said.\"We have been receiving a lot of bookings at BPCL agencies as consumers are worried about the possibility of shortage,\" said Balakrishnan of Vyrelil Gas Agencies, suppliers of BPCL LPG cylinders,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457728", "title": "AITUC to support Sept 20 strike", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa unit of the all India trade union Congress (AITUC) has called upon the government to immediately roll back prices of diesel, and its decisions to restrict supply of subsidized cooking gas. It has also sought disallowing of FDI in multi-brand retail.Condemning the decision of the UPA government to hike diesel prices and restrict the number of gas cylinders per household, AITUC secretary Christopher Fonseca said, \"The hike in the prices of diesel, restricting supply of subsidized cooking gas and permitting of FDI in multi-trade is bound to have a harmful effect on the economy as a whole and contribute to overall inflation , accentuate price rise, unemployment and poverty.\"AITUC's Goa president Prasanna Utagi said the sudden hike in the prices of diesel and restricting supply of subsidized cooking gas cylinders to 6 per household per year \"is a cruel joke on the aam admi, the salaried and the toiling masses of this country.\"AITUC will support the all India general strike to be held on September 20 to protest the increase in the prices of diesel, and the cut in the supply of cooking gas as well as FDI in multi-brand retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460742", "title": "Eco-friendly Ganesha idols catch peoples' fancy", "text": "BHOPAL: Eco-friendly Ganesha idols have caught the fancy of people as the city gears up to welcome Lord Ganesha on Wednesday. Hundreds of eco friendly idols have been booked by devotees this year for the 10- day festivities.While various organizations have built huge pandals for celebrations, the residents installing Ganesha idols at their homes are also welcoming the 'Eka Danta' with various delicacies.\"We are all set with modaks, karanjis and pooran polis to welcome Ganesha,\" Sumedha Deshpande, a resident of E-4 Arera colony said. \"All the preparations of 108 durvaas (grass), flowers and a small thermocol temple have been done at our home,\" she added.\"My husband and I are welcoming Ganesha with beautiful, but a small pandal in our home. The pooja will commence at about 10.30 am and a bhog will be offered to the lord,\" Lovely Sharma, a resident of E-3 Arera Colony said.Major Ganesh pandals are set up at various parts of the city, including both, the new and old Bhopal localities.These huge pandals have different themes. One such theme, which is to be set up at Ra Manch, Itwara, includes a tribute to veteran actor Rajesh Khanna , Dara Singh , Mother Teresa and Satya Sai.\"We have a huge Ganesha idol in the centre and statues of these four legends surrounding the Lord,\" Manoj Prajapati, the sculptor, said.\"The idols installed at home vary from Rs 51 to Rs 500. However, those installed in small pandals are worth Rs 5000,\" Rajesh Sen, Ganesha idol vendor said.\"We have more than 200 bookings from various parts of the city,\" Dheeraj Pathak, manufacturer of eco-friendly Ganesh idols told TOI. \"We are falling short of idols now,\" he said adding, \"The biggest eco-friendly idol we have made is about 6 feet tall, which will be installed in MP Nagar zone 1 on Wednesday.\"These Ganesha idols are made of wheat flour, sand, cow dung, newspaper mesh and chalk powder. Their cost varies from Rs 56 to Rs 5000.\"I am buying eco-friendly Ganesha to save the lakes from being polluted. At least I will be satisfied that I have contributed in the conservation of lakes here,\" Pooja Pathak, a buyer of eco-friendly Ganesha said.\"We are buying eco-friendly Ganesha idols as, the material used to make these idols can be used a fertilizers for my plants after visarjan,\" Neelima Kotwaliwale, a resident of Arera colony said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16457858", "title": "Cong infighting intensifies in dists, Pradesh Congress Committee chief questioned", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pradesh Congress Committee's (PCC) decision to dissolve its Udaipur unit's executive committee last week has added to the infighting within the ruling party. Congress chief whip and Kekri legislator Raghu Sharma has questioned PCC chief Chandrabhan's rationale behind dissolving the executive due to opposition from party's local workers.Sharma has said the move would lead to further disgruntlement among the Congressmen in Udaipur, besides encouraging the discontented workers in other districts to demand similar actions against the party office-bearers in their regions. \"This looks like a one-sided decision; the party president ought to have resolved the issue through discussions with the disgruntled groups,\" Sharma told reporters on Tuesday.Even as Chandrabhan refused to acknowledge and be drawn into the fresh controversy arising from Sharma's statement, infighting in the ruling party appears to be pervasive. Senior leaders as well as grassroots workers are already engaged in direct conflicts with each other in several districts.Public verbal bouts between Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi and mayor Jyoti Khandelwal have now become a regular feature. Fights between local Congress workers and city Congress president Salim Kagzi keep surfacing every now and then. Congressmen, who put up posters denouncing Kagzi at public places last Saturday, are planning a demonstration at the party headquarters on Wednesday to demand his removal. Minister Brij Kishore Sharma is said to be behind the opposition against Kagzi.Voices of dissent are present on chief minister Ashok Gehlot's home turf Jodhpur, too. A Congress faction accuses Gehlot of promoting Jodhpur city Congress president Sayeed Ansari even though the latter lost the last assembly election from Soorsagar constituency.In neighbouring Pali district, a faction led by minister Bina Kak and CD Deval is said to be engaged in a supremacy tussle with another local faction led by Congressman Bhimraj Bhati. In Nagaur, MP Jyoti Mirdha and legislator Ruparam Dudi are said to be at loggerheads with each other over deciding the successor of Manju Meghwal as the party's district president.Similarly, the tussle between former MP Vishvendra Singh and district president Girish Chaudhary in Bharatpur displayed its ugliest side when supporters of the two leaders engaged in fistfights in the presence of Chandrabhan last September. Infightings in the party's local units have come in public domain at Kota, Baran, Jhalawar and Barmer districts, too, in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458390", "title": "Normal water supply from today", "text": "NAGPUR: Water supply was restored after a two-day shut down on Tuesday but it is yet to be normalized. While a part of the affected area received water, some did not get a single drop. However, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has assured that normal supply will start in all affected areas from Wednesday.The NMC completed the works it had undertaken at two master balancing reservoirs (MBRs) situated at Seminary Hills in the morning. With the successful installation of a bypass pipeline at the two MBRs, one of the two was kept idle for rejuvenation works. Then, the water was released from treatment plants to the MBRs. From here the water was released through bypass pipeline and an MBR.Sources told TOI that the water supply was restarted without any plan and hence it resulted into inconvenience to citizens, especially those staying in the outskirts. \"Many parts in South, South-West and Central Nagpur have not received water supply till night. Few areas like 24X7 area in Dharampeth Zone, Ravi Nagar, Civil Lines, RPTS area etc received good water supply. But many areas received for just 15-20 minutes. Some corporators used their influence to send water-tanks to their wards,\" the sources said.This was the fourth consecutive day of no water in several areas. The situation in Chinchbhuvan, Jaitala, Sonegaon, Takli Sim, Somalwada, Mhalgi Nagar, Sakkardara, Dhantoli, Mahal was pathetic as even shops ran dry of bottled water. No water tankers were sent to these areas.The 24X7 helpline of OCWL failed to give any assistance. The only reply callers got was the supply would start soon. Those attending the helpline remained mum when asked if water tankers are being sent. There was no response for demand to supply water through water tanker. The two staffers whose numbers were released by the OCWL did not even answer calls.NMC executive engineer Shashikant Hastak too did not respond to calls. Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle said that the work undertaken at the MBRs will bear fruits in the future. \"We monitored the entire work to ensure timely completion. However, the supply would have remain unaffected had it been released with a plan. Everything will be normal on Wednesday,\" he said.Kohle added that the days selected for shut down too was not correct. \"Ganeshotsav is beginning from Wednesday and citizens would have faced some problem,\" he said.Meanwhile, some Congress activities staged a demonstration in front of the NMC head office and broke earthen pots. Kohle condemned the agitation and termed it a political stunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455511", "title": "Danta court yet to decide on Tulsiram chargesheet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Danta magisterial court on Tuesday held that it is competent to take cognizance of the chargesheet filed by the CBI in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case. However, the court has not yet taken cognizance of the chargesheet, and kept further proceedings in this regard on September 27, said a defence counsel who opposed the CBI bid to file chargesheet against 20 people, including former minister of state for home Amit Shah , in the Danta magisterial court.Judicial magistrate Geeta Ahir accepted CBI's contention that since the offence had taken place in Danta court's jurisdiction and earlier probe agency CID (crime) too had filed two reports with this court, she is authorized to act upon the probe report. The CBI also argued that the Gujarat high court notification says that the Ahmedabad CBI courts are designated for anti-corruption cases only.After the court held that it is competent to accept the chargesheet, some accused sought a stay on court's order till they move higher court. However, the court refused to stay its order.Meanwhile, five of the accused - former minister Amit Shah, former DGP P C Pande, then CID (crime) head O P Mathur , ADGP Geetha Johri and former investigator and DSP R K Patel filed applications that without obtaining permission from the state government for criminal prosecution under section 197 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), they cannot be arrested because they are public functionary and government servants. The court has kept hearing on these applications on September 27 with observation that since it has not taken cognizance of the charge sheet, the accused have nothing to lose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457684", "title": "Check your flat\u2019s Cauvery credentials", "text": "BANGALORE: Planning to buy an apartment in the outlying areas of the city? Check two things with your builder:Will the flat you are planning to purchase be supplied with Cauvery river water by the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB); has the builder deposited any amount in this regard with the water board? If the builder has, how much money has been deposited and how much is being collected from you?The caution is necessitated by the fact that BWSSB's ambitious Cauvery Stage IV Phase II project, which is billed to bring Cauvery water to new BBMP areas, will not benefit all localities. There are also instances of some blocks of an apartment complex getting Cauvery water,while others in the same enclave being deprived of it.The BWSSB began collecting beneficiary capital contribution fund (BCCF) from builders to raise capital for its project in 2005. The BCCF collection was later stopped and has been resumed now. The project is likely to be commissioned in November.TOI's queries with a few builders revealed that some of them had included the BCCF in the flat cost. While some said it will have to be paid separately to the board, there are also instances of the same being included as deposit towards utilities like water and electricity connections.A builder in HBR Layout said the deposit amount for electricity and water connections is included in the cost of the flat. \"If the flat you choose falls in the area which will get Cauvery water, the builder will pay BCCF to the board, or else you will be supplied water from borewells and private tankers,\" said an employee of DS Max properties.However, the employee failed give a break up of how much exactly is to be paid as deposit for water connection. Mantri Builders and Brigade Group employees said BCCF is paid by the builder and the same will be recovered from the flat cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456936", "title": "NGO volunteer gets 5 years in jail for raping minor", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old volunteer with an NGO was sentenced to five years' imprisonment for raping a minor girl in 2011. The sessions court convicted the accused, Balkrishna Sarvankar, and also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on him.The sessions court convicted the accused Balkrishna Sarvankar (22), an NGO volunteer.Sarvankar and the victim had met on two previous occasions. On June 4, 2011, the victim, who had participated in a street play on domestic violence by the NGO, went to drink water in an acquaintance's house. The house was in a secluded lane and it started raining heavily.The victim, who was studying in Class X, came across Sarvankar, who invited her to his house which was in the same lane. Sarvankar was alone at home at the time and raped the girl. He then allegedly threatened her into silence.The next day, the victim was taken for medical tests and a case was filed in the Dharavi police station.The trial commenced in January this year. The court examined about 10 witnesses, including the victim, a neighbour, a member of the NGO, doctors and the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16458652", "title": "These idol-makers shape the clay that millions worship", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Kowshik, a class 1 student of a private city school is squatting inside a room full of Vinayaka idols that are to be despatched to various households in Coimbatore Tirupur, Erode and even Palakkad in Kerala. His nine-year-old cousin sister M Harini helps him brush up the idols before they are packed and dispatched. Hailing from a family of traditional Kulalaars (potters), these tiny tots will join the elders in a few years, continuing the family tradition. \"I like working with my father and uncles. Sometimes, they ask me to be careful with the idols. My job is to brush the finished ones before they are packed,\" says Kowshik.At Sundakkamuthur near Ukkadam in the city, 43-year-old S Saravanakumar and his two brothers S Senthilkumar and S Yoganantham along with the rest of their family are busy giving final touches to the Vinayaka idols that will soon be immersed in water during Vinayaka Chathurthi celebrations. They claimed that it was their father P Shanmugham who taught them the trade right from a tender age.\"We used to help the adults make Vinayaka idols when we were kids just like how our children are helping us now. It is a traditional art and is passed on from one generation to next,\" says S Yoganantham.The festival also serves as an excuse for a family reunion as relatives come over to Coimbatore to help out. \"We come here every year ahead of Vinayaka Chathurthi to help our brothers in getting the idols ready,\" says M Jeyalakshmi, a family member from Palakkad.But this year the family is slightly worried as their father P Shanmugham has been hospitalised due to age related health problems, although it has not affected the idol making process. More than 3000 pieces of Vinayaka idols less than two feet in height are ready to be delivered along with 450 paper mache Vinayakas. They also have idols measuring up to 13ft which cost Rs 25,000 each on delivery.\"We start our work six months in advance. Our annual calendar is divided into cycles, based on Vinayaka Chathurthi and Navaratri celebrations. For Vinayaka Chathurthi it is only Ganesha idols but for Navaratri we make Kolu dolls and other Hindu Gods and Goddesses,\" says Saravanakumar.The idol making process begins with the collection of clay from Perur Chettipalayam after seeking permission from the district administration. The clay is constantly sprayed with water to keep it wet. Clay is usually preferred for idols that are less than two feet in height while the bigger ones are made out of paper mache. They ensure that their idols are eco friendly and they use only water soluble paints. As a result the finished idols are kept covered in polythene to avoid contact with moisture.\"It is a very complex process and involves considerable brainstorming, especially for the big Vinayaka floats. People expect something different every year and this year we have made Pancha Mukha Vinayaka (five faced Vinayaka) and also bald Vinayaka without any head gear known as 'Lucky Vinayaka,\" Yoganantham adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16455447", "title": "Brahmotsavam festival begins today", "text": "Tirumala: Dwajarohanam marked the beginning of the nine-day spiritual festival for devotees of Lord Venkateswara here on Tuesday. CM Kiran Kumar Reddy presented the silk vastrams on behalf of the state on the first day of the Brahmotsavam. The ceremony was conducted amidst the chanting of Vedic mantras by the priests of the temple at the Dwajasthambham near Nadimi Padi Kaviliinside the temple complex. The priests hoisted the celestial flag atop the temple pillar between 6 and 6.30 pm, heralding the Brahmotsavams.Earlier, the CM inaugurated the first phase of Annamayya margam on the first ghat road and later the Thiru Venkata Patham, later which, he laid foundation stone for. He laid the foundation stone for the second phase of the Patham. tnn(ring road) spread over 1.75 kms costing Rs 15 crore. He also laid the foundation for the Vakulamata guest house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16459960", "title": "CM opens Tahley bridge in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday inaugurated the reconstructed Tahley bridge online, rechristening it as Nilamber Pitamber Setu.The bridge had collapsed in a heavy downpour in September last year, snapping road links to Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and many districts of Jharkhand. It has been constructed at a cost of Rs 4.66 crore.Inaugurating the bridge, the chief minister said, \"Several directions have been issued to the contractors to complete the extension work of NH-75 in Garhwa and Palamu. However, they had some technical obstructions which have been removed now.\"On the long pending demands of Garhwa, the chief minister said efforts were on to construct a bypass in Garhwa. He said several development schemes were being executed in the state. \"Execution of several roads under PMGRY is on full swing,\" he said. The chief minister lauded Garhwa district administration for its prompt action. \"The district administration has set an example by completing the 165-meter-long and 12-meter-wide bridge within 100 days. With the completion of the bridge, inter-state communication will be hassle-free,\" Munda said.HRD minister Baidyanath Ram, who was present on the spot,12 km away from the district headquarters, said the chief minister would restart his road journey from next month. \"Munda had led Jharkhand to the peak of development,\" he said.Meanwhile, Ram termed the strike of para teachers as legal. \"The government has expressed concern about their plight\", Ram said. However the HRD minister called upon the striking teachers to join the schools for the sake of the students' future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16449952", "title": "Sachita's waiting for the right roles!", "text": "Her performance in Kollaikaaran, her last release, might have fetched her rave reviews, but Sanchita Shetty has not signed on any films recently in Tamil. That's because the actress says she'd rather wait for the right role than do any insignificant ones.She says, \"Touchwood, I've had a successful run in the south industry so far. The characters I've played have been appreciated by both the audience and critics. Though I played Tamannaah's sister in Thillalangadi , I graduated to playing one of the leads in the Telugu film Orange . Now that I've played lead in my recent Tamil film, I will choose the rest of my films carefully.\"Quiz her about the status of her other film, Surla , which has been long in the making, and she says, \"I think I shot for it almost three years ago. I'm not sure about its status or its release now.\"Sanchita continues, \"A few days ago, I was offered the second lead in a big budget film, but I declined the offer. I don't mind the long wait if I get the right projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16455889", "title": "State Human Rights Commission admits case against Aarogyasri staff", "text": "HYDERABAD: Blaming Rajiv Aarogyasri officials for the death of a 13-month-old child, a petition was filed with the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Tuesday seeking action against the authorities concerned.The petitioner, AP Child Rights Association, complained that the officials of Aarogyasri forcibly sent the child, Anushka, for a heart operation to a private hospitals instead of the one requested by her parents.They further stated that the child could not recover even though she was admitted on September 7 and died on September 16.The petitioner also demanded that the victim's family be compensated adequately.Admitting the case, the commission ordered an enquiry and directed the district medical and health officer, Hyderabad to submit a report by October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455643", "title": "Ration card holder suffering due to poor public distribution system: Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Despite the fact that Gujarat has 1.25 crore people living below poverty line, the state government has failed to create a proper public distribution system (PDS) for ration card holders, the Congress has alleged.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee spokesperson Manish Doshi said that the Union government had allotted 27,454 tonnes of rice and 1.46 lakh tonnes of wheat in 2011-12. While in 2012-13, till September, the Centre had already allotted 27,454 tonnes rice and 1.13 lakh tonne wheat.Doshi said that there were 1.10 crore ration card holders in the state. Of these, the number of below poverty line (BLP) card holders in the state is 24.94 lakh. He claimed that the state government, by making frequent changes in the rules for the card holders, had made procurement of ration difficult for them.The Congress leader said that going by the family size of five people, there were 1.25 crore people who were below the poverty line in the state. Doshi said: \"According to the norms, the per capita income should be less that Rs 324 in rural areas and Rs 504 in urban areas for a family to be categorised as BPL. But in Gujarat per capita income was Rs 10.80 in rural areas and Rs 16.70 in urban areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16455888", "title": "Man ends life over failed love", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 28-year-old man, who went into depressed after the girl he loved married someone else, committed suicide by setting himself ablaze in an agricultural field in Uppal on Tuesday.The victim was identified as T Ravi, a graduate from Saroornagar. On Tuesday morning, he committed suicide by dousing himself with petrol and setting himself on fire at a farm near Chilakanagar in Uppal.Alerted by locals, police reached the spot and shifted the body for post-mortem. Police later found a suicide note at his house.\"In the suicide note, Ravi apologised to his parents for ending his life abruptly. He also said since his love had failed, he was unable to live happily and decided to end his life,\" Uppal sub-inspector (SI) B Praveen Kumar said.A few months ago, the girl with whom Ravi was in love married someone else due to family pressure and since then he was taking medical help to get out of depression.A case was booked under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and the body has been shifted to Gandhi Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16457964", "title": "Start door-to-door collection of garbage in 15 days, HC tells Amritsar municipal corporation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of Amritsar can heave a sigh of relief, as the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the municipal corporation to start door-to-door collection facility of garbage in the city.Taking up an application moved by former cricketer and BJP MP from Amritsar Navjot Singh Sidhu , a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain directed the MC to start the door-to-door collection of garbage within a period of 15 days. It also directed the corporation to initiate the process of allotment of work within six weeks for setting up of garbage disposal plant in the city.When the matter came up for hearing before the bench, the MC commissioner, who was present in person, informed the bench that they have deployed 47 trolleys for collecting the garbage. Sidhu was also present in the court during the hearing.Advocate Satya Pal Jain informed the bench that Amritsar was one of the first cities in the country to introduce the process of door-to-door garbage collection. But in the absence of a processing unit, the efforts practically went down the drain. Jain pressed for issuance of directions to the MC for making alternative arrangements of collection of garbage in the city till the process of treatment plant in not completed.The matter had reached the high court after the garbage disposal plant contract, awarded to a company in 2006, was cancelled. The company had moved the high court, following which orders for maintaining status quo were issued. Subsequently, a non-government organization also moved the high court, and both the petitions were clubbed.However, the condition in the walled city deteriorated recently, when the MC had stopped collecting garbage from door-to-door which led to heaps of garbage, as high as 25 feet, lying right next to the houses. Thereafter, Sidhu and his wife Navjot Kaur Sidhu had moved to high court seeking immediate intervention of the court alleging threat to city residents from epidemic due to garbage.HC on Monday also fixed the main case for October 3 for final hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16457784", "title": "Bihar native found dead at Borda", "text": "MARGAO: A 26-year-old man, Rajan Kumar Paswan, a native of Bihar, was found dead at his rented house at Borda, Margao, on Tuesday.Police sources informed TOI that the deceased, along with two others, had gone for a function on Monday and returned home at late night.On Tuesday morning, as Paswan failed to wake up, his companions called up the 108 ambulance where the doctor on duty pronounced him dead. The body was handed over to his relatives after conducting the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457618", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa wants KS Eshwarappa to quit party post", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and two dyCMs KS Eshwarappa and R Ashoka are now in the firing range of former CM BS Yeddyurappa, who is exploring all options to become the state party chief.Instead of taking on these party leaders directly, Yeddyurappa is firing from the shoulders of his aide Ayanur Manjunath, an MP. While Yeddyurappa wanted Eshwarappa to resign, Manjunath demanded the resignations of Shettar and Ashoka.Saying the BJP stipulates that no one can hold two positions, Yeddyurappa wanted Eshwarappa to concentrate on his revenue and rural development and panchayat raj portfolios and give up the party chief post.Eshwarappa and Ashoka declined to react to Yeddyurappa and Manjunath's remarks. However, Prahlad Joshi, who is among the front-runners for the state party president's post, said no one had hurt Yeddyurappa.Joining Swamy?Speculation is rife that Yeddyurappa may join Janata Party headed by Subramanian Swamy. It is said that Yeddyurappa is in touch with Swamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16457958", "title": "Lalu blames Nitish for power woes", "text": "PATNA: RJD supremo Lalu Prasad has charged chief minister Nitish Kumar with playing fraud on the state by refusing water for the N-power plant at Rajauli in Nawada, which he had virtually got approved by PM Manmohan Singh.\"Had it been allowed to become a reality, the state's power scenario would have far improved,\" Lalu said on Tuesday and added water was refused to the project even though sufficient water was available at the Phulwaria dam near Rajauli.The RJD leader asked how the CM allowed the Chanan dam water to be used by the power plant being set up by the Abhijeet group and that too without floating the tender and completing other formalities. The RJD will launch an agitation against the gross irregularities committed by the state government to allow the use of water from the Chanan dam even though it was meant for farmers, he said.The RJD chief said while Nitish and deputy CM Sushil Modi had promised that they would make Patna like Paris, the state capital turned into a veritable hell after the rainfall during the last two days.Taking a dig at the Bihar State Industrial Investment and Advisory Council's meeting, the RJD supremo said businessmen were being brought here for 'chai-nasta' every year for the last six-seven years but investments continued to elude the state. \"The frequency of such meetings has increased only because parliamentary election is drawing close,\" he said and added people were being fooled by Nitish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461007", "title": "Early menopause doubles heart disease risk", "text": "Women who go into menopause before the age of 46 are twice as likely to suffer from coronary heart disease and stroke, suggests a new study led by an Indian origin scientist.The association holds true in patients from a variety of different ethnic backgrounds, the study found, and is independent of traditional cardiovascular disease risk factors, according to the scientists.\"If physicians know a patient has entered menopause before her 46th birthday, they can be extra vigilant in making recommendations and providing treatments to help prevent heart attacks and stroke,\" said Dhananjay Vaidya, Ph.D., an assistant professor in the Division of General Internal Medicine at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , and leader of the study.\"Our results suggest it is also important to avoid early menopause if at all possible,\" he stated.For example, he noted, research has shown that smokers reach menopause, on average, two years earlier than non-smokers do, so quitting smoking may delay it.Notably, the researchers said, their findings about the negative impact of early menopause were similar whether the women reached it naturally or surgically, via removal of reproductive organs, he said, though more research is needed.Often, Vaidya said, women who undergo hysterectomies have their ovaries removed, which precipitates rapid menopause.\"Perhaps ovary removal can be avoided in more instances,\" he said, which might protect patients from heart disease and stroke by delaying the onset of menopause.Previous studies, Vaidya noted, have shown a link between early menopause and heart disease and stroke among white women, but similar associations had not been demonstrated in more diverse populations. Hispanic and African-American women, he said, tend, on average, to go through menopause somewhat earlier than women of European descent.Vaidya and his colleagues examined data from 2,509 women involved in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, a longitudinal, ethnically diverse cohort study of men and women aged 45 to 84 years, all enrolled between 2000 and 2002 and followed until 2008. Of the women, 28 percent reported early menopause, or menopause that occurs before the age of 46.Vaidya emphasizes that although the risk of heart attack and stroke was doubled in these groups, the actual number of cardiac and stroke events recorded among study participants was small. Only 50 women in the study suffered heart events, while 37 had strokes.Vaidya said some women are treated with hormone replacement therapy (HRT) to control menopause symptoms such as profuse sweating and hot flashes, but its widespread long-term use has been limited after large clinical trials showed that it increased the risk of heart attacks in some women. In Vaidya's study, no role was detected for HRT in potentially modifying the impact of early menopause.\"Cardiovascular disease processes and risks start very early in life, even though the heart attacks and strokes happen later in life. Unfortunately, young women are often not targeted for prevention, because cardiovascular disease is thought to be only attacking women in old age. What our study reaffirms is that managing risk factors when women are young will likely prevent or postpone heart attacks and strokes when they age,\" he said.The study appeared in the October issue of the journal Menopause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "16456443", "title": "Mother gets 14 days\u2019 custody for killing teen", "text": "NADIA: Chhaya Ghosh, the mother of the 17-year-old girl who was hacked to death by her family on Monday, was produced in Krishnagar court on Tuesday and remanded in 14 days of judicial custody. Police are on the lookout for the teen's father, uncle and elder brother.It may be recalled that Mampi Ghosh, who ran away from her uncle's house and took shelter in her lover's home in Karkaria village, was dragged out of the house by her father and hacked to death. Mampi was in an affair with next-door neighbour Sanjay Dey for the past three years and her family did not approve of it.On Tuesday, police handed over the girl's body to some of her relatives who creamated her at Bhebodanga village. No one from her immediate family was, however, present at the funeral. Locals, who are yet to get over Monday's incident, said that Sanjay along with his parents have fled home in fear of the girl's family. Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra said that they hope to arrest the remaining accused soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16457065", "title": "More than 5,000 jobs up for grab", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 108 service would provide jobs to at least 5,000 persons in the days to come. \"We need drivers and science graduates, call centre operators, technicians, accounts experts and so many other persons to run the mega set-up in UP,\" said Rajesh Waghmare, chief executive officer, GVK EMRI, UP. Take the example of the call centre, the backbone of the service. It has employed some 60 men and women for now against a capacity of 100. In the subsequent phases, the capacity of the call centre would increase to 300.Then, as per plans, the UP government would roll out 988 ambulances in the state. And three drivers are needed per ambulance to run the service round the clock. For running the remaining 855 ambulances, 2,565 drivers are needed. Similarly, an equal number of paramedical staff and emergency medical technical are also required. \"Scores of person would be needed for back-end support at the call centre also. We need accountants, record keepers and computer operators. So there is a job opportunity in waiting for many,\" said Sarabjeet Singh, head for 108 call centre. A team from the service provider has also met officials at the state labour department to take the help for regional and district employment offices to recruit people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16460764", "title": "China warns Japan on economic fallout of island dispute", "text": "BEIJING: China on Wednesday warned Japan that its decision to purchase disputed islands in the East China Sea would damage the bilateral trade between the two countries.Japan's move to purchase the islands called Diaoyu Islands by China and Senkaku by Japan will certainly affect and damage development of economic and trade relations between the two countries, the Chinese ministry of commerce (MOC) said on Wednesday.\"It is not what we wish to see, for which Japan should take full responsibility,\" MOC spokesman Shen Danyang told a media conference here.Japan is the third largest trade partner of China after EU and US. The trade relationship between the two countries tripled in the past decade to more than $340 billion.\"The farce of buying the Diaoyu Islands seriously violates China's territorial sovereignty and severely hurts the feelings of the Chinese people, which have aroused strong indignation and opposition across the nation,\" he said.Protests demonstrations were held all over China during the past few days and a number of Japanese business have been closed after sporadic attacks.Many Japanese enterprises have suspended production as agitated Chinese people staged protests to boycott Japanese goods.Shen voiced support to rational patriotic activities, saying that the ministry will firmly oppose illegal behaviour involving smashing and looting during protests.\"Legitimate interests of foreign companies are under the protection of Chinese laws,\" Shen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461360", "title": "Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face hunt begins", "text": "Carrying on with our quest for the hottest fresh face on city colleges, the Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face 2012 reached SGGS, 26 on Monday afternoon. Abuzz with energy and brimming with enthusiasm, SGGS 26 took us by surprise as we chased for winners. From Sheila Ki Jawani to bhajans from Vrindavan, students here captured all genres of entertainment to show their talent in this contest that gives two winning girls an opportunity to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear.While most students in other colleges waited for round two, as is the format of the contest, to display their talent, here the students were proactive to show off their art in the very first round. And no amount of talking from our emcee, Madhukar Malhotra, could convince them to get off the stage without dancing or singing in the introduction round itself. In fact, few of them had to be led off stage zabardasti to give others a chance!While in other colleges the girls grabbed all the eyeballs with their moves, in this college there was a reversal of roles as the boys did all the latkas and jhatkas on item numbers. But it was when the duo of the tall Sourabh Guleria, an NCC cadet, and clear-faced Chetan Kalia took to performing on Chikni Chameli and Ooh la la that this auditorium swarming with students was sweating at all seams! Chetan assumed the role of Naseeruddin Shah while Sourabh was the sexy seductress, Vidya Balan ! For having left the audience speechless with his killer steps, Sourabh was declared the winner for his high confidence while the uninhibited Chetan became first runner-up. Seeing the hotness quotient, for once, even our deejay Mick-e was stumped for a choice of right song to play for these over exuberant freshers. Yet, when it was time for the uncha lamba gabru Mandeep Singh , our deejay was happy as he played a pura bhangra number for Mandeep to dance on, and thereby landing him as the second runner-up.When it was time for the girls to showcase their talent, most of them danced, though were much demure in their moves compared to the boys, while others also sang. Twin sisters Ruchika and Mohnisha Thakur struck a chord with everyone with their melodious rendition, making Mohnisha grab the winner's title. Guneet Kaur and Mandeep Kaur were adjudged as the first and second runner up for gyrating to item numbers.Ananta Shrikhand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16457258", "title": "Maintain old utilities, decide on new infrastructure", "text": "It's clear from the frequent cave-ins that our civic agencies do not have the expertise to manage the problems posed by underground utilities creaking under age, overuse and lack of maintenance. Maintenance of existing infrastructure cannot also wait for planning agencies to decide on what shape new infrastructure should take (as is the case in Pedder Road). The inability to maintain old utilities combined with indecision about new infrastructure needs is a recipe for disaster.Related story:  Cave-ins on Pedder Road may recur till flyover work starts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16457163", "title": "Man who set himself ablaze over Rajapaksa visit dies in hospital", "text": "SALEM: An autorickshaw driver who attempted self-immolation in protest against Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa's visit to India, died of burn injuries at Salem government hospital on Tuesday.T Vijay Raj, 26, doused himself with petrol and set himself afire near the old bus stand early Monday morning. In a suicide note, he accused Rajapaksa of being responsible for the death of innocent Tamils in Sri Lanka and the Indian government of aiding him.Raj's relatives and members of political parties, including MDMK and VCK, refused to allow the hospital to conduct a postmortem on his body. They staged a sit-in protest at the hospital, demanding an FIR against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi . Police personnel attempted to pacify the protesters but the demonstration continued till late evening.Seeman, founder of pro-Tamil outfit Nam Thamilar Katchi, visited the hospital and offered his condolences to Raj's family. He said the central government should reconsider the visit of the Sri Lankan president. Talking to reporters, Seeman said the Congress-led central government and the opposition BJP do not empathize with the sentiments of the Tamil people. \"Both the BJP and the Congress are rolling out a red carpet to Rajapaksa,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16460962", "title": "Band of brothers held for murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: One-and-a-half years after a man was found murdered, police arrested four persons for the crime. Of them, three are brothers who are contract killers. Ravi Kumar of New Subhash Nagar was found dead in front of his house on March 22, 2011. Apart from the four arrested, one woman, Sapna, has been booked and another accused is at large.Police said Ishwar Singh conspired the murder and contract killers Mohammad Naseer, Mohammed Aslam and Mohammad Sadiq executed it. Additional deputy commissioner of police (zone 4) Sushil Kumar said one of the accused, Manzhar, was absconding. He said the brothers belong to Kishangarh district of Bihar.The ADCP said the criminals had confessed to seven murders in the city, in which two were contract killings and the remaining were committed with a motive of loot. Preliminary investigation revealed that the contract killers were working with Ishwar and he hired them to kill Ravi. The officer said Naseem had confessed they used to target migrants.Kumar said when the accused came to know that Ravi had saved money and was planning to return to Bihar, they hatched a conspiracy to kill him. The ADCP said most of times the killers used to strangulate their target and loot him. He added that two cases were pending against them in Bihar. After murdering Ravi, the accused had returned to Bihar and spent all the looted money. They had recently returned with the motive of finding another target.Additional deputy commissioner of police (crime) Harjinder Singh said they had rarely come across contract killings in Ludhiana. A case under sections 302 and 34 of IPC has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457617", "title": "A year after eviction, they still live in tents, but harbour hope", "text": "BANGALORE: A year after their lives changed forever, those evicted in Hampi, a Unesco world heritage site, live on hope and the state government's promise of a site.Nearly 350 displaced families, largely from Hampi Bazaar Street opposite the majestic 15th-century Virupaksha, are still living under tarps and in tents. Soon after the state government promised them a new site and compensation to build new homes, the affected residents took shelter in neighbours' and friends' homes. But after they realized that it was not coming, they decided to live in tents.\"Those that are really affected are those who lost their homes and are completely displaced,\" said Govindaraju, a leader of displaced people who continues to hold demonstration in front of Hampi Development Authority (HAD) office to denounce the broken promises of Karnataka government.On the Archeological Survey of India directions, HDA undertook the eviction to \"cleanse the temple town and restore it to its golden era\" late last year. This was after a Unesco team visited the place and expressed concern over illegal constructions and drug peddling, particularly at Bazaar Street and Virpapurgadda, an island located in the reserve forest area. Chastened by Unesco's threat, the authorities prepared an action plan and framed town-planning guidelines to ensure the town is free from encroachments, illegal activities and hippies.The worst affected were vendors and those who owned shops. The drive came as a shock for them as they were not given prior notice. Most of the victims spent months, including a spell of heavy rains, in a tent, while some spent nights on streets, abandoned vehicles and friends' sofas.Tourism and Bellary district in-charge minister Anand Singh said the government is in the process of building houses for the evicted victims and they would allot houses within the next 4-5 months. \"We have taken up development of roads and formation of layouts. The delay is largely because of rocks which are creating hurdles in creating drains and digging foundations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457747", "title": "Forest dept revokes 7 NOCs given to mining firms", "text": "PANAJI: Chief wildlife warden (CWW) Richard D'Souza on Tuesday said the forest department has revoked NOCs of seven mining firms operating within one km of the buffer zone near wildlife sanctuaries. He said this while interacting with a delegation of wildlife conservationists and anti-mining activists who submitted a memorandum demanding revocation of wildlife NOCs given to mining leases within 10 km of wildlife sanctuaries.D'Souza, who is also additional principal chief conservator of forests, told the delegation that a further 43 NOCs will be withdrawn once orders from the Union ministry of environment and forests are received.The delegation was led by Goa Foundation director Claude Alvares and included anti-mining activist Ramesh Gauns and others. Alvares alleged that the previous chief wildlife warden indulged in practices that promoted the interests of mine owners rather than wildlife.He said, \"it is on record that when five mining proposals within the one km no-mining zone were taken up by the standing committee of the National Board of Wildlife, the (then) chief wildlife warden supported the proposals and insisted that no damage was being caused to wildlife or wildlife sanctuaries by these mining activities.\"Alvares further said that despite Supreme Court directions wildlife NOCs were given for mining leases within 10 km of the boundaries of wildlife sanctuaries and national park.The memorandum states that the Shah Commission has determined that all mining leases in Goa are operating without necessary consent of the National Board of Wildlife as required by the Supreme Court order and therefore demanded that D'Souza forthwith revoke all NOCs granted in violation of its directions. tnnMining companies delaying buffer zone policy'Goa Foundation director Claude Alvares stated that a few mining companies were getting the buffer zone policy delayed. Alvares said these mining companies, operating within 1 km of the buffer zone, were responsible for blocking the implementation of the buffer zones around the state's five wildlife sanctuaries and lone national park.Alvares said, \"Mining companies have direct access to the government, which we (activists) don't have. They are getting committee orders delayed since (wildlife and environmental) committees operate scientifically while mining companies operate politically.\"He said mining companies were creating a scare about buffer zones by propagating false information that buffer zones were no development zones and people cannot reside there. \"All activity is allowed, and only mining and certain big industries are excluded from the buffer zones,\" Alvares said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16458335", "title": "VS prevented from entering into Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: Veteran CPM leader former chief minister of Kerala, V S Achuthanandan was prevented from entering Tamil Nadu at the inter-state border in Kaliyakkavilai on Tuesday.Achuthanandan, who had declared his support for the ongoing protest against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP), was on his way to Idinthakarai when he was stopped by the Tamil Nadu police personnel. \"We explained to him about the curfew in force at Kudankulam and that his visit might spark a law and order problem. He understood the situation and left the place,\" said a police officer.Police had also told him that they might have to arrest him if he defied the orders and insisted on proceeding to Idinthakarai. About 100 CPM cadres from Tamil Nadu and Kerala who had gathered to receive Achuthanandan also dispersed following the warning.But Achuthanandan's intended visit, a clear breach from the party position, had landed the CPM men in Tamil Nadu in a piquant situation. The CPM's national leadership has been in support of the reactors I and II, supplied by Russia , while opposing the proposed additional reactors planned after the Indo-US nuclear deal. Prakash Karat has been vocal in his support for the first two reactors. The party's state unit was doing a balancing act - while toeing the line of the national leadership in supporting the Russian reactors, they were demanding that the fears of the local populace should be allayed.\"Our position is that the first two reactors could be allowed. But no further reactors should be added in Kudankulam,\" said CPM MLA K Balabarathi. However, she said that the government should hold talks with the protesters and create awareness on the safety aspects of the plant. \"The government should also clarify on the liability issue,\" she said.CPM state secretary G Ramamkrihsnan refused to comment on Achuthanandan's intended visit. But Balabarathi said that he would have wanted to visit Kudankulam in the capacity as a former chief minister of a state adjacent to Tamil Nadu. Maintaining that the CPM's Tamil Nadu unit was not against the protest by villagers, she pointed out that their own party men, including Madurai south MLA R Annadurai had visited Kudankulam and met the protesters.Though party leaders in Tamil Nadu unit downplayed the failed visit of Achuthanandan to Idinthakarai, a section of the party men view it as an embarrassing development for a party that often position itself on the protesting masses' to have a leader from nearby state expressing solidarity with the villagers, while they stand as spectators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461753", "title": "Actor Aasad Mirza dies in a road accident", "text": "Lucknow lad Aasad Mirza, who debuted on the silver screen with Sanjay Dutt's niece Nazia Hussain this year in the movie Say Yes To Love, died in a road accident in Mumbai last night.\"Aasad was driving back home from a party when his car met with an accident. He is informed to have died on the spot,\" told Asad's relative from Lucknow.Aasad last visited Lucknow to promote his movie in one of a city's mall and is the only child of his parents. Aasad's dad Mahrukh Mirza has directed films like Mashooq, Yaara Dildara and Rama O Rama . He has also been credited as a story writer and producer for Sitamgar , Misaal and Kasme Vaade .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16458655", "title": "Help falls to death in West Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old girl died allegedly after falling from the third floor of a building in Saraswati Vihar area of west Delhi.The deceased, identified as, Poonam, worked as a domestic help at the house of a retired judge, police said, and lived in Rani Bagh area with her family.While the family members of Poonam alleged foul play saying there was no blood at the spot she was found but cops said prima facie it appeared that the girl may have fallen accidently or she may have committed suicide, if at all the cause of death, which is to be ascertained yet, is a fall. No suicide note, however, was recovered from the spot.A senior police officer said they were waiting for the postmortem report.The incident was reported from Jhulelal apartment in the area on Monday afternoon and the girl was last seen in the lobby of the third floor. She was found lying unconscious on the ground by the driver of the judge. Doctors at a private hospital declared her dead on arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16458419", "title": "Absconding duo in pension scam surrenders", "text": "YAVATMAL: The absconding accused duo in the much talked about pension scam in Wani Panchayat Samiti has finally surrendered to the police and got arrested on Monday. The Wani court has remanded them to police custody till Thursday.The name of the accused are the then Block Development Officer (BDO) Vijay Lokhande and clerk in charge of the pension section Avinash Balki. The third accused, junior accounts officer Murlidhar Kathane, had earlier surrendered to the cops. After spending time in police custody and magisterial custody, he is now out on bail. Kathane has also retired from his service in the meantime.According to Wani Police Station Officer Sudhakar Ambhore, the account officer of Yavatmal Zilla Parishad Vishwas Dhakore had lodged a complaint against Lokhande, Kathane and Balki alleging that they have committed cheating misappropriation of the government fund after fabricating the documents.'We have booked the trio under sections 420, 465,467,471 and 34 of IPC and launched a man hunt,\" Ambhore said, adding that the trio was absconding. They hve also tried to get an anticipatory bail from the High Court but failed.The Jr Accounts Officer Kathane has earlier surrendered and he is now on bail.It may be recalled that the clerk Avinash Balki had prepared bogus pension bills and after getting it passed through the Accounts Officer and the BDO. The amount was credited in four fake names in the Maharashtra Bank branch in Wani. The trio then pocketed the amount to the tune of Rs 32 lakh in a phased manner.One of the account holders approached the Bank for updating his account and the fraud came to fore. The bank manager then informed BDO Vijay Lokhande about the fraud. But instead of filing an FIR against the guilty, the BDO ordered the clerk to repay the pinched amount and he did so. The matter was thus hushed up at BDO's level.The Bank also informed the CEO and he ordered a probe in to the scam which exposed the scam.Earlier, the CEO suspended Balki and Kathane and sent a proposal to the Commissioner for his approval to suspend BDO Vijay Lokhande.The Divisional Commissioner Ganesh Thakur also ordered for a probe into the scam from his office and that too confirmed the fraud.The Amravati divisional Commissioner Ganesh Thakur then gave a green signal to the CEO of Yavatmal Zilla Parishad to go ahead with his proposal to suspend the BDO of Wani Panchayat Samiti and file FIR against all the employees involved in the pension scam.According to the CEO Naval Kishore Ram, there was a well planned scam in the pension section of the Wani Panchayat Samiti and the scammers have pocketed over Rs. 32 lakh by producing fake pension bills against the pensioners.\"I have ordered a probe in to the allegations and the panel has confirmed the scam,\" Ram said, adding that the trio has been suspended followed by filing an FIR against them in the police station.However, the police are likely to track down the bogus account holders as the amount has been credited to their accounts and withdrawn under their signatures. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16457700", "title": "Two held for trafficking in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police arrested two pimps and rescued a woman involved in prostitution in an undercover operation at Margao on Monday.Rucksar Katoon Alam from Thane, Mumbai, and her accomplice, Riches Patel from Ahmedabad, were arrested under Sections 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act, 1966, while the 28-year-old woman who was rescued was sent to Apna Ghar, Merces.Acting on a tip-off that the two accused were involved in supplying call girls to customers, the police used a decoy to set a trap. The two accused were caught by the police when they had come along with the woman at a pre-arranged place in Margao to meet the decoy customer.The rescued woman informed the police that she was brought to Goa by the accused a few days ago after promising her a job in a casino.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16460670", "title": "2 Reds held in H'bag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A team of district police and CRPF arrested two Maoists leaders from a place under Padma police station on Monday night.SP Manoj Kaushik said the Maoists have been identified as Bhuneshwar Yadav and Nageshwar Yadav. \"They were close associates of the former zonal commander Krishna Yadav, who was trapped and killed by Jharkhand Prastuti Committee in 2008,\" said Kaushik. After Krishna was killed, JPC was deemed the most powerful panel in the area under the leadership of Kaljit. In 2009 the Maoists took revenge by killing Kaljit. Kaushik said that in Katkumsandi area alone these two Maoists were wanted in at least six cases. \"During interrogation both revealed their involvement in the killing of JPC supremo Kaljeet,\" he said, adding, \"Security forces are conducting raids in the region to nab the other rebels present in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16457237", "title": "Punjab Education Board bans notebooks with actors' pictures", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab Education Board issued a circular prohibiting notebooks in classrooms that carry pictures of Bollywood stars saying they were a \"bad influence\" on students.\"The children are busy discussing notebook covers than concentrating on their studies. We wanted to put an end to this,\" said director general of school education K S Pannu.Teachers were instructed the directive was adhered to. Tejinder Kaur, a maths teacher at a Ropar government school said, \"The notebooks are a nuisance. It is annoying when children are staring at their notebook covers while the teacher is taking classes.\"School education in Punjab is a shambles. On an average, nearly 35% of students fail their class X exams across the state. Besides high absent rate among teachers, poor infrastructure is also blamed for the poor state of education. A Comptroller and Auditor General report said schools in Punjab operate from dilapidated buildings without adequate furniture and other basic facilities.Hardev Singh, father of a class XI student at a Patiala government school, said the decision would have a help children focus on studies.But not everybody agreed. \"The education department should focus on bringing its house in order and improving the quality of education instead of focusing on such trivialities,\" said a parent whose son studies at a Mohali government school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16456262", "title": "8 more buses to ease pupils' evening rush", "text": "NASHIK: In a relief for students from municipal schools who rely on public transport, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has decide to introduce eight additional buses on select routes to clear the rush for pupils returning home during the evening peak hours.Two buses will ply on the Shalimar-Nashik Road route, while one each from Raviwar Karanja to Uttam Nagar, Shramik Nagar, Bhagur and Pandav Leni.\"Considering a shortage of drivers and conductors, we are facing difficulties in starting new services. However, looking at the rush in the evenings, we have decided to deploy a couple of buses between 5.00pm and 6.00pm for students and passengers,\" a senior MSRTC official said, requesting anonymity.MSRTC sources said that the agency had sought police help to ensure that student passengers are given preference while boarding buses.The officer, however, pointed out that it would take some time before MSRTC begins plying full-time buses due shortage of manpower. \"For the present services, drivers are being asked to take up over-time duties. Hence, we will not be able to introduce new buses at one go.Besides, as the festival season is on, buses will be crowded in the evenings, especially around 10.00pm when display at Ganesh mandals close for the day.On whether the MSRTC could label these new buses as 'students special', the official said that it is not possible as the agency did not have the authority to do so. Instead, schools could ask the MSRTC to send some exclusive buses to ferry their students.Officials said that the crowd can be eased if schools draw up staggered timings to close for the day. A meeting, called by deputy commissioner of police Sandeep Diwan, in this context was attended by officials from the education office, MSRTC and the regional transport office.\"Police officials have asked the education office to find out if the schools can change their timings so that all students do not come out on the streets at same time and which also does not collide with office-closing timings,\" officials from the police department said. A call can be taken once schools reply to the education office about the same.\"We have called a meeting next week of officials from the education department, principals of schools and the MSRTC with the required data of locations of schools, number of students and their destinations. After the meeting we will be able to sort out the problem,\" Diwan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16458654", "title": "Uncle kidnaps niece to make dad return loan", "text": "COIMBATORE: A Plus One student was abducted for ransom by her maternal uncle and three other people on Monday at Chettipalayam near Podanur in the city.According to police, R Ramasamy, 55, of Vadivu Nagar near Chettipalayam had borrowed Rs 2 lakh from his brother-in-law Shanmugavel for his wife's operation nine months ago. Ramasamy's wife Kaleeswari, 48, was suffering from blood vessel rupture.Ramasamy promised to pay back the money before August but he couldn't. Meanwhile, Shanmugavel had threatened to abduct Ramasamy's daughter if he fails to pay back the amount. But Ramasamy did not take his words seriously.Around 7am on Monday, Shanmugavel came to Ramasamy's house. When Ramasamy's daughter R Nandhini, 17, was getting ready to go to school, Shanmugavel told her to bring some thing from the omni van he had parked outside the house.When she reached the van, three men sitting inside the car dragged her inside and fled from the house after Shanmugavel joined with them.Several attempts by Ramasamy to contact Shanmugavel over mobile phone failed as the latter had switched it off. Immediately, Ramasamy approached Podanur police and lodged a complaint against Shanmugavel and three others. The police have registered a case under section 363 (punishment for kidnapping) of IPC.Police said Shanmugavel is residing in Chennai. Police suspect that the girl might have been kidnapped to Chennai. \"We have formed a special team to nab the culprits,\" said inspector M Kanagasabapathy, Podanur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16457984", "title": "Punjab: Dead bull prompts protest; police lodge FIR", "text": "PATIALA: A bull of Damanheri village, which had the police on tenterhooks for over 24 hours, was cremated on Tuesday after a postmortem.According to an FIR registered in Kheri Gandian police station, under section 429 of IPC (killing or maiming cattle), Surinder Kumar of Mandwal village received a call from his nephew Sanjeev Kumar that a dead bull was lying near his village. Some residents of Damanheri village identified the bull as their own and alleged poisoning. They complained to police, but the latter were not convinced and refused to lodge an FIR. However, when the villagers resorted to protest, they succumbed and lodged an FIR by Monday evening.However, the villagers were still not convinced and demanded registration of a murder case and to substantiate their allegations, they took the dead bull to a veterinary hospital in Rajpura. The animal's postmortem was conducted on Tuesday.\"We have been waiting for the postmortem report. If it confirms presence of poison , we will take action according to that,\" said investigation officer Harjinder singh, who is posted in Kheri Gandia police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16459954", "title": "China launches two satellites to enlarge its own global positioning system", "text": "BEIJING: China on Wednesday successfully launched two satellites into space to enlarge its indigenous global navigation network being built to rival United States global positioning system.The 14th and 15th satellites for the Beidou, or Compass, system being built by China were launched from Xichang Satellite Launch Center in southwest Sichuan province , by a Long March-3B carrier rocket.\"Since it started to provide services on a trial basis on December 27, 2011, the Beidou system has been stable and its services have been increased and improved,\" a spokesman for the China Satellite Navigation Office said.\"The system has been used in transportation, weather forecasting, marine fisheries, forestry, telecommunications, hydrological monitoring and mapping,\" state-run Xinhua quoted him as saying.China started to build up its own satellite navigation system to break its dependence on the US GPS in 2000.Between October 2000 and May 2003, it had set up a regional satellite navigation system after launching three Beidou geostationary satellites.\"Beidou-1 can not meet growing demand, so China decided to set up a more functional Beidou-2 regional and global navigation system,\" Qi Faren, former chief designer for Shenzhou spaceships, said.From April 2007 to April this year, China launched another 13 orbiters to form its Beidou-2 system, which will eventually consist of 35 satellites.Three Beidou satellites were sent into space early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16457899", "title": "Dempo, Salgaocar force All India Football Federation to rejig fixtures", "text": "PANAJI: The All India Football Federation has been forced to keep the fixtures of the second and third round Federation Cup matches on hold after vociferous protests from I-league champions Dempo Sports Club and defending champions Salgaocar Sports Club .Dempo and Salgaocar have been drawn in two separate groups, both of which will be played in Jamshedpur. But the Goan teams were seething in anger after the AIFF slotted all of their three group matches at the JRD sports complex while their opponents enjoyed the privilege of having at least two matches at the \"far better and well-maintained\" Keenan stadium.\"The JRD sports complex is in terrible shape. They have had the qualifying matches here and the surface is suitable only for kick and run football. The Keenan stadium is pleasing to the eye,\" said Salgaocar coach Karim Bencherifa.Rival teams like Prayag United, Pune FC and United Sikkim were all drawn to play at least two matches at the Keenan stadium, drawing angry reactions from the two Goan heavyweights.Salgaocar secretary RAJ Gomes immediately shot off a letter to the AIFF while Dempo secretary-cum-coach Armando Colaco had a word with the AIFF's competitions director.\"We slotted Dempo and Salgaocar's matches at the JRD sports complex because these matches are likely to be telecast live. We have now asked the match commissioner to address their concerns,\" said a senior AIFF official.The match commissioner convened a manager's meeting and one of the suggestions that was thrown by the Goan clubs was to do the entire draw again, through lots. The suggestion was turned down. Instead, the match commissioner Vinod Singh said only the first round fixtures would go ahead as scheduled while suspending the second and third round fixtures.\"The AIFF has agreed to change the fixtures but the first round will go ahead. We are ok with that,\" said Dempo manager Custodio Almeida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16458314", "title": "NCP making efforts to wrest Bhandara ZP from BJP-Sena", "text": "BHANDARA: NCP stalwarts have begun their move to topple the BJP body in Bhandara zilla parishad, though tenure of present body ends in January 2013. NCP leaders have vowed to wrest power from BJP in the new year.Bhandara zilla parishad is ruled by BJP-Shiv Sena alliance. In the house of 52, the saffron alliance has strength of 27, with BJP having 25 seats and Sena 2. Six months ago, there was a crossover by a Sena leader Naresh Dahare to NCP. Along with him, he took both of Sena elected members Deepak Gajbhiye and Sheela Titarmare to NCP fold. However, both are still holding their office position and have not resigned.Now, sources say, NCP is making efforts to take another disgruntled BJP member into the party fold. This member, who is a follower of senior BJP leader Mahadeo Shivankar, may be given a chance to head the body if she joins NCP. Sunil Funde, a trusted lieutenant of NCP leader Praful Patel , is entrusted the responsibility wresting power in the ZP, said an insider.Observers say that BJP MLA Nana Patole and Shivankar are arch rivals and Patole is now making efforts to bring the senior leader down.NCP MLC Raju Jain and Sunil Funde visited ZP headquarters on Monday and met the BJP member in question. NCP leaders have to prove their allegiance to Praful Patel. In the present scenario, popularity of Patel has reached a low. Wresting power from BJP in Bhandara ZP will elevate their stature before their leader and it may prove beneficial for them in 2014 parliamentary election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16461343", "title": "Govt to explain background behind decisions to Trinamool", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government will explain the background behind its decisions to the Trinamool Congress which has decided to withdraw support to the coalition on the issue of diesel price hike and FDI in retail.Sources said after a meeting of the top Congress leadership at the residence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh it was decided that the government would explain to Trinamool Congress ministers the circumstances under which these decisions were taken.There was no indication as to what the government would do on the demands of Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee who has sought the total withdrawal of FDI in retail , the slashing of Rs 5 hike in diesel price by Rs 4 or Rs 3 and raise the cap on LPG cylinders from 6 to 12.When asked about the Trinamool demands for roll back of the decisions, the sources merely said, \"ask the petroleum minister\".Six ministers of Trinamool Congress are slated to resign on Friday afternoon if the government does not roll back its decisions.The sources recalled that the government sought to reach out to Mamata Banerjee four days ago to explain the background behind the decisions it took.The Prime Minister tried to speak to Banerjee twice over phone but she did not return the calls. Then railway minister Mukul Roy was contacted, the sources said, adding Roy acknowledged that Banerjee had received the message.However, Roy said on Wednesday that nobody from the government has spoken to him after Mamata Banerjee decided on withdrawing support on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456914", "title": "Mamata Banerjee consulted thrice on retail: Anand Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commerce &amp; industry minister Anand Sharma on Tuesday said that West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had been consulted at least thrice before the decision to let foreign retailers into the multi-brand segment was taken.\"It is most unfortunate. We have been very fair, engaging and transparent... It was in deference to her views that we explicitly provided an enabling provision leaving it to the states to decide,\" Sharma told TOI over phone from Mumbai. He, however, refused to comment on how the government intended to deal with the Trinamool's decision to withdraw support.The minister, who piloted the proposal a second time after Mamata forced the government to hold back notification last November, said he met her twice in Delhi and once in Kolkata to seek her support for FDI.\"Mamata and I are friends, and we have worked together for over a quarter of a century. I tried to impress upon her that India is a Union of states and every state has a right to agree or disagree with a decision,\" he said, while maintaining that the West Bengal CM was being unfair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460728", "title": "MP to protest Centre's non-cooperation in RTE", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh would register its protest against the Union government for not cooperating in matters related to the Right to Education (RTE) Act. This was stated by the education minister Archana Chitnis at the third meeting of state advisory council on RTE here on Tuesday.Chitnis, hoped that the Centre should provide necessary cooperation as RTE was an important issue. Commissioner Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK) Rashmi Arun Shami presented the developments in the state regarding the RTE. Besides, members of the advisory council also presented their views and suggestions on different points of RTE.rageshri.ganguly@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459630", "title": "Here comes the Vighnaharta", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans are all set to celebrate the 10-day Ganesh Chaturthi festival beginning Wednesday. On the eve of the festival, markets were flooded with people making the last minute purchases. Youth of a number of Ganesh Mandals could be seen taking away the idols on trolleys to avoid the congestion the roads may see on first day of the festival.Enthusiasm of people is already at its peak to welcome the Lord of Wisdom. Men are busy with things like booking the idols and visiting the idol-makers to ensure that the one they had booked is ready, purchasing flowers and repairing and installing lightings and other decorations. Women on the other hand, are busy ensuring that all pooja items are ready and rangolis designs and special menu including modaks and laddoos for the next 10 days are decided to please the beloved god.The police authorities are busy with preparations of a different kind. Security has been beefed up and presence of the men in khaki could be seen at various prime locations specially in the evening hours. DSP (traffic), Pradeep Singh Chuahan said that even as road diversions have been avoided, the traffic department will make sure that the traffic flow is not affected. \"We have increased the number of police force specially in Khajrana and Chaoni areas as these areas witness a heavy rush of people. Police constables have been advised to be vigilant and not to spare any traffic violator,\" he said.A resident of Rambagh, Chandrakant Padadkar said, \"We will install lord Ganesh for five days from Wednesday while poojan will be held on Friday. We have painted the entire place where the idol will be placed and we will decorate the place of worship with flowers and lights.\"Resident of Vaibhavnagar, Subhangi Tamhaney said, \"I have prepared a small temple painted in bright orange for Ganpati-bappa. It has been decorated with lights and mango leaves. For the next five days I have set a menu wherein my family has decided to have simple food with less spices. Sabudane ki kichdi, bada and modak are top on the menu.\"A resident of Vijaynagar, Akaansh Sharma said, \"We intend to install Ganesh for 10 days this year. We have purchased eco-friendly Ganesh and will place him in the small tent in our garden.\" The family plans to purchase a new vehicle on Ganesh-chaturthi.A resident of Pardeshipura, Anand Chouksey said, \"Every year we install Ganesh for 10 days. This year, it will be special as we will be purchasing a new car. We have 12 members in our family and all perform the morning and evening prayers together. All preparations have been done and 108 'modaks' which we will offer to deity are being prepared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459787", "title": "Poor train services irk passengers", "text": "INDORE: Inadequate train services from here to the cities in Rajasthan, especially Jaipur, is giving a tough time to the migrants, who are planning to visit their native places during the festivals. The passengers are demanding a daily night train to the Pink City as it will save their day.The irregular schedules of the special trains running between Indore and Jaipur during the festive season have added to their woes. Passengers complain that the existing trains have been keeping inconvenient schedule and as a result, the travelling time has increased.According to them, despite heavy passenger rush during the festival seasons and vacations, railway authorities have turned a blind eye towards the grave issues of the passengers.Some of the regular passengers are of the view that if the trains depart the city in the evening, it would save their day. Though there is a daily train to Jaipur from the city, it departs in the morning and the passengers say that this schedule spoils their entire day for travelling. Anoop Sharma, a native of Jaipur and works here in a firm, said, \"Currently, there are only two trains that are running on the Indore-Jaipur route. Though one runs daily, it starts from here early in the morning and the journey consumes the whole day. Most of the people prefer not to waste the day for travelling. The other one runs twice a week but takes more travel time.\"The bi-weekly train runs on Monday and Saturday from Indore and in return from Jaipur on Friday and Sunday. This makes it difficult to plan a holiday, Sharma added.\"I cannot plan holiday on weekends as overnight train runs on Saturday from Indore while the same train departs on Sunday from Jaipur, said another frequent traveler between the two cities. For the convenience of the passengers, the railway should either increase the train's frequency to thrice a week or there should be a daily overnight train as the passenger movement is heavy on this route, he adds.It is estimated that nearly four lakh migrants from Rajasthan settled in the city due to work and family-related issues. According to sources, the route has 100% occupation in the bogies and it necessitates daily overnight trains on the route. Nagesh Namjoshi, a railway expert, said, \"There are only three special trains from the city. While trains to Patna and Bandra are operational, special train to Jaipur is on hold. The train is in a discontinued situation as there is no space to park racks. Space is a major problem for the city's railway station and it aggravates the problem of poor connectivity.\"However, railways have a different story on the discontinued special train.Pradeep Sharma, the railway public relation officer here, said, \"We are yet to receive dates to start the special train between Jaipur and Indore from Jaipur office.\". Unlike Patna and Bandra special trains, we do not have information about the special train to Jaipur so far.\"When asked about space problem at Indore railway station, he said, \"We are managing all major trains from the city and as such there is no problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16457969", "title": "Milk booth owner killed at Raja Bazar", "text": "PATNA: A milk booth owner Rajkumar Sah was stabbed to death near his booth located near a private hospital at Raja Bazar under the Shashtrinagar police station area late on Monday night.Shashtrinagar police station SHO Vidyasagar said Sah along with his employee boozed heavily around 10pm on Monday. The employee left the shop after that.When Sah failed to reach his house at Raja Bazaar, his wife came to the booth and found him bleeding profusely. He was immediately rushed to a private nursing home nearby, where the doctors declared him brought dead.The SHO said an FIR had been lodged against unknown persons in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16455484", "title": "At 86-ft, Vizag Ganesha towers over Khairatabad idol", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: If the popular Khairatabad Ganesha in Hyderabad stands at 58 ft, the 86-ft Dondaparthy Ganesha in the city towers over every other idol in the state. The Dondaparthy Ganesh, this time in Krishna avatar playing flute, isn't going to give up the title of being the tallest idol any time soon, claim the organisers. Appal Raju of the organising committee said that it took them a month to prepare the gigantic idol. \"Artistes from Kharagpur toiled hard to give finishing touches to the idol. It's going to be the biggest crowd puller in the city, drawing 50,000-70,000 enthusiasts. We will also auction the Ganesha prasadam (108-kg laddu) for charity,\" he said.More than 2,000 big and small idols are being installed this time at various pandals with the organisers battling it out to come up with innovative ideas. Notable among them are the 'bangle Vinayaka, 'eega Vinayaka, spiderman and Krishna Vinayaka, Ganesha in train and another one playing chess and another a green Ganesha.The gold and silver merchants' association's youth Vinayaka utsava committee set up a Ganesha made of one lakh colourful glass bangles near Kurupa market. Ranga Rao, chairman of the utsava committee, said that 25 artistes from Chirala prepared this special Ganesha in 10 days. \"We got the bangles from Kolkata. It's definitely going to be cynosure of all eyes this year,\" he claimed.Leaving no stone unturned to woo the 600-odd Maharashtrian families settled in the city, the Maharashtra Mandali has set up its own pandal. \"We miss the festivities back home in Mumbai and Pune but we try to make up by having our own Vinayaka pandal. Gujarati and Bengali communities also participate in the celebrations,\" said Mahadeo Rao Shinde, president of Maharashtra Mandali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16456052", "title": "Whistleblowers flood anti-encroachment cell with calls to save govt land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Giving credence to reports that government land is being encroached by land sharks in the city, especially in the surrounding mandals, an exclusive cell set up for receiving land encroachment complaints by the Rangareddy district administration has been flooded with complaints.Since September 3, the day the cell with the toll free number 18004250817 became operational, the district administration has received 131 complaints on land grabbing. Of these, nearly 120 complaints were found to be true. In some cases, the revenue department has initiated action to protect land by demolishing the unauthorised structures or removing boundary stones.Rangareddy district collector A Vani Prasad decided to set up the cell to receive complaints about land encroachment as many acres of prime government land was grabbed by land sharks in the past few decades. This startling fact came to light after a survey by the district administration a few months ago.Government land in the RR district is about 5.53 lakh acres and over 17,000 acres was encroached upon by land sharks. Of the encroached land, 13,000 acres is agriculture land and 4,000 acres is non-agriculture land used for residential purpose. Most of the non-agriculture land was grabbed in mandals like Balanagar, Qutubullapur, Uppal, Malkajgiri and Serlingampally mandals.Officials said maximum number of complaints were from Malkajgiri mandal (13) followed by Shamirpet (12). Rajendranagar and Hayatnagar had ten complaints each, Serlingampally and Balanagar mandals reported eight complaints each. Seven complaints poured in from Saroornagar and three were filed from Uppal.A caller from Gachibowli informed the cell that in S.No 47/50 area encroachers were putting up sheds on a nala. The Serilingampally tehsildar has been asked by the RR district administration to demolish the sheds immediately. Similarly, Hayathnagar mandal officers removed boundary stones from an assigned land (survey Nos. 444, 449) as some people were trying to create a layout and sell the plots. However, in some cases, officials were sent on a wild goose chase and discovered that it was private patta land as per revenue records.\"As soon as the cell receives a complaint, details are passed on to the tehsildar concerned. The officer has to send an action taken report to the collectorate within 24 hours. If the land is in legal dispute, that detail is also incorporated in the report,\" RR district special grade deputy collector (Land Protection) S Prabhakar Reddy said.Officials said the cell was yielding good results. All tehsildars, especially those from surrounding mandals of Greater Hyderabad, are now keeping an eye on encroachments. The officials said protection of government land is a continuous exercise. \"Since it is a subject of priority for the district administration, protection of government land is reviewed by the collector from time to time,\" the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16455878", "title": "Sardar Singh, Jamie Dwyer lead Brand HIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hockey India has roped in two of world's top hockey players, Australia's Jamie Dwyer and India's star midfielder Sardar Singh, as the brand ambassadors for the Hockey India League ( HIL), making it clear that it wants the league to make a huge impact.In their roles, Dwyer and Sardar will promote the league by conducting hockey coaching clinics, spreading the message of hockey and helping make the sport attractive to youngsters.\"I have always enjoyed playing in India and have looked to make hockey an attractive proposition for the youngsters,\" Dwyer told reporters at the function where HIL's logo was unveiled.\"Hockey India League is an excellent step in that direction, not only for the Indian players but also for those from elsewhere. More importantly, the widely-broadcast league will give our sport a wonderful profile and I am delighted to be a part of it.\"The 33-year-old has won an Olympic gold, five Champions Trophy meets and three Commonwealth Games gold medals with the Australian team.\"The league promises to ensure financial security while many Indian youngsters will get great exposure playing against world's best players.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16457467", "title": "V S Achuthanandan stopped at Tamil Nadu border on way to Kudankulam", "text": "MADURAI: Veteran CPM leader and former Kerala's chief minister V S Achuthanandan was prevented from entering Tamil Nadu at the interstate border in Kaliyakkavilai on Tuesday. Achuthanandan, who had declared his support for the ongoing protest against the Kudankulam nuclear power plant, was on his way to Idinthakarai when he was stopped by Tamil Nadu police.\"We explained to him about the curfew in force at Kudankulam and that his visit might spark a law and order problem. He understood the situation and left,\" said a police officer. The police also told him that they might have to arrest him if he insisted on proceeding to Idinthakarai. About 100 CPM activists from Tamil Nadu and Kerala, who had gathered to receive Achuthanandan, were dispersed.But Achuthanandan's intended visit, a breach of the party's stated position, had landed the CPM leaders in Tamil Nadu in a piquant situation. CPM's national leadership has been in support of reactors I and II, supplied by Russia , while it opposed the proposal for setting up additional reactors after the Indo-US nuclear deal. Party general secretary Prakash Karat has been vocal in his support for the plant. The party's state unit was doing a balancing act - while toeing the line of the national leadership in supporting the Russian reactors, they have been demanding that the fears of the local population be allayed.\"Our position is that the first two reactors can be allowed. But no further reactors should be added in Kudankulam,\" said CPM MLA K Balabarathi. However, she said that the government should hold talks with the protesters and create awareness on the safety aspects of the plant. \"The government should also clarify on the liability issue,\" she said.CPM state secretary G Ramakrishnan refused to comment on Achuthanandan's aborted visit. Balabarathi said Achuthanandan would have wanted to visit Kudankulam as a former chief minister of the neighbouring state. Maintaining that the CPM's state unit was not against the protest by villagers, she said partymen including Madurai South MLA R Annadurai had visited Kudankulam and met the protestors.Though CPM leaders in Tamil Nadu unit downplayed the Achuthanandan incident, a section of the party men see it as an embarrassing development for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457019", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai move on church land opposed", "text": "MUMBAI: The Christian community had a sense of deja vu ever since the civic body served a notice on St Anthony's Church in Malwani, Malad (W), to hand over its open plot as set back land for road widening.The BMC notice to the church has upset community members. It brought back memories of November 14, 2006, when the BMC sent notices to St Peter's Church, St Andrew's Church and Parsi Agiary in Bandra. The churches would have lost family graves, grotto and the holy cross, which were in existence for hundreds of years. Bandra residents had formed a human chain around the agiary when the demolition squad arrived.After community opposition and political intervention, the BMC agreed to the citizens' demand and realigned the road on Hill Road.St Anthony's Church built in 1872 figures in the recently-proposed heritage list as a Grade II (A) heritage structure.\"I am even more surprised to note that permissions has been granted for construction of a few residential or commercial structures exactly opposite the church and which is evidently touching the road as recently as 2001. Why did the BMC not factor the road widening while issuing such permissions?\"askedence, it is not understood as to why the Corporation has chosen to acquire religious and heritage structures on one hand and have permitted construction of commercial or residential structures on the other hand. Dolphy D'Souza, former national vice president, All-India Catholic Union.Also can the BMC make it public how many other structures on the said road have been issued notices but the land is not acquired for road widening since several years,\"asks Dolphy D'Souza, former national vice president, All India Catholic Union.Nicholas Almeida, a resident of Kalina, said he will issue a notice to the civic chief and others to refrain from widening the road which affects the heritage structure. In case the authorities do not relent, the community will be forced to take to the streets, he said.\"In case the authorities do not heed to my legal notice I will be forced to get all Christians community organisations on the road, to oppose such illegal road widening. We are not against development per se but any road widening which is proposed by the BMC will not be tolerated without taking into confidence the locals,\"said Almeida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456983", "title": "State faces big problem as anti-film protest get bigger", "text": "CHENNAI: The continuing protests against the controversial film, 'Innocence of Muslims' in front of the US consulate has thrown up a big challenge for the administration. By bringing normal life to a halt in parts of the city for five days in a row, radical elements among the Muslim community have gained attention. \"There have not been such agitations in Chennai in recent years. It gives an indication that at the slightest of provocations there could be similar shows of strength in future too,\" said a bureaucrat.What started off as a demonstration by the members of the Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam on Friday, took an ugly turn when a group of protesters attacked the consulate building. On Tuesday, police commissioner J K Tripathy was shifted out for failing to prevent the attack on the consulate.The protests would not have stretched for days had police assessed the problem initially and prevented the attack, said a senior police officer. \"The TMMK attack encouraged other outfits to stage protests. On Friday, though some protesters were blocked near New College itself, far away from the consulate, adequate strength was not deployed around the consulate building. And, the protesters from Kancheepuram found the building an easy target.\"The official said that apart from deputy commissioner T K Pugazhenthi, no other senior official was there on the spot on Friday. \"Being a sensitive installation located in the heart of the city, joint commissioner S N Seshasai, additional commissioner Sanjay Arora and city police commissioner J K Tripathy should have reviewed the security arrangements to cover the flanks,\" said another officer.The officer said police took for granted the oral commitment given by TMMK leaders - that there would not be any attack on the consulate. Though police tried to reach out to Muslim leaders and dissuade them from holding protests after Friday's embarrassment, protesters were in no mood to listen. After holding protests separately for four days, they wanted a combined show of strength on Tuesday. \"We hope with today's protest the problem ends,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458449", "title": "Excessive rains cause fungus attack on Orange crop", "text": "NAGPUR: Heavy and continuous rains since August last week in most parts of Vidarbha have affected almost all the crops including orange. Since water logging is extremely detrimental to orange trees, stagnant water which could not be drained out has brought in attack of 'phytophthora' fungus in many orchards, especially in Paratwada and Chandur Bazar areas of Amravati district.The attack is so severe in some orchards that it has caused almost 30-50% fruit fall. The ongoing TOI series on Wet Vidarbha has already mentioned that both the mrig and ambia bahar crops in Amravati district have suffered damages. The mrig bahar has failed consecutively for the second year due to delay in monsoon while the ambia bahar (the irrigated crop) which gives fruits from October to January has failed due to excessive and incessant rains.Fearing further damage and spread of the fungus, which is causing fruit drop, farmers from Paratwada and Chandur bazaar area sought intervention by the city-based National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC). Responding immediately to the call, a team of three scientists, A D Huchche, principal horticulture scientist, C N Rao and A K Das, senior experts in entomology and pathology respectively from the Centre, visited some of the affected orchards and suggested immediate remedial measures. The team has clarified that the infection is local, sporadic and not widespread. \"Not all orchards are infected. The intensity of infection too is different,\" said Das.Rao explained that the disease is caused by two species of Phytophthora, P. nicotianae and P. palmivora. If caused by P. nicotianae, brown rot is limited to the lower third of the canopy. But P. palmivora is more aggressive because it is caused from airborne spores and can affect fruit throughout the canopy. Present attack is from mainly this species. \"Farmers have to be really careful and contain the fungus from spreading further as it can destroy the entire orchard if not controlled. Sunlight will also help,\" he said.Phytophthora infection is common in water logged orchards but the severity varies depending on other conditions and management. Lack of exposure to sunlight in this case has increased the gravity of infection. \"Since this is soil borne pathogen, the fungus spreads from roots to the different parts of tree and is controllable. In this case, the fungus species is airborne and so is affecting the tree from top causing fruit drop,\" said V J Shivankar, NRCC director.Bandu Wasankar from Khadki village in Chandur Bazar tehsil told TOI that almost 50% of his 12-acre orchard was destroyed. \"It is almost after 15 years that ambia bahar crop suffered phytophthora attack to such a severe extent. Traders have refused to buy fruits from the orchard despite a buying guarantee,\" he said. Another farmer from Paratwada, Nand Kumar Madghe says his orchard too is badly affected. \"It was good that NRCC team came on time and guided us. We will try to follow the instructions and take corrective measures as the fungus can be deadly if it reaches the soil and spoil entire orchard,\" he said. Shyam Agrawal from Achalpur also had similar tale to narrate.Since ambia bahar is the irrigated orange crop which about 30% of farmers in Vidarbha grow, fungal attack is severe as the trees already had enough water due to watering. Rains have aggravated the situation. In fact, NRCC team could not visit all orchards as they were too wet to step in.Corrective measures suggested by NRCC* Farmers should remain very alert to pick first signs of browning of fruits* Drain out water from orchards* Take care that branches do not touch ground* Prune branches if they are already infected* Use of ridomil can both prevent and control infection from the root in upward direction* Spray fosetyl aluminium or mefenoxam MZ, 2.5g/lit of water in case of severe infection* Do no include rot-affected fruits in crates as this could result in rejection at processing facility", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16448921", "title": "Formula One doesn't need Gaga: Karthikeyan", "text": "India's Formula 1 racer Narain Karthikeyan was at the Buddh International Circuit on Monday to test drive his mean machine for a domestic racing challenge. And he pulled no punches when it came to being confident about the popularity of his sport.Referring to Lady Gaga's performance at the Indian Grand Prix last year, Narain said, \"Formula 1 racing is already the world's second favorite sport. People follow it like mad. Its reach, its status, is just enormous. And despite all this, when anyone asks me if the popularity of the sport has increased after Lady Gaga's or other stars' performances, I say, why would Formula 1 even need that? It's already a popular sport, man. And that's why I want to say out loud, that for Formula 1, any celebrity/actor association wouldn't make a difference at all, because the recognition of this sport is already unmatched, and it's enormous in its reach.\"Telling us how he stays in shape, he said, \"It's a very demanding sport. You need to be physically and mentally sound and composed. What you eat should give you a lot of energy and nutrients, not unnecessary calories. I prefer homemade daal chaawal, which is a healthy, staple diet. When we race, we burn around 1000 calories in a limited amount of time. Our food habits are very important - no junk food at all.\"About F1's popularity in India, Narain told us, \"It's a well known fact that Formula 1 is an expensive sport. People need to know that it's not just about guys riding cars, but also about team engineers, designers and all the support staff.Maintaining all this needs a lot of money. Although corporate houses are coming forward, still, for making it popular, better infrastructure and a more inclusive participation is needed. India has only one international circuit which is here in Greater Noida. The other one in Chennai is not so enormous and standardized. So it's not sufficient to accommodate the number of enthusiasts our country registers every year.\" And about the upcoming India GP, he said, \"Last year was definitely an overwhelming experience. In fact, things went so quickly that I wasn't even able to enjoy it completely. That's why I've promised myself that'll enjoy my time here in this Grand Prix.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16459623", "title": "Importance of e-waste management underscored", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) on Monday organized a day-long awareness-cum-training workshop on e-waste (Management and Handling) Rule- 2011 at Sayaji Hotel here.\"Responsibility for spreading awareness about the e-waste should be distributed at the producers and sellers level. Sellers should distribute pamphlets showing the risks involved in carelessly disposing of the electronic waste,\" said executive engineer HS Malviya during a technical session.\"We are in the process of appointing collectors of e-waste across the state,\" he said, adding that this would help in streamlining the disposal of e-waste. \"Indore, being developing as IT hub, definitely needs to have an e-waste disposal system in place.\"Scientist (MPPCB) Prem Shrivastav spoke on effective implementation of rules to manage e-waste, while director of Hostech Eco Management (P) Ltd, Indore, A Warsi spoke on collection of e-waste and networking. Earlier, regional officer (MPPCB) A A Mishra delivered the welcome address underlining the need for effective implementation of e-waste management rules, while regional officer Hemant Sharma (Dhar) and SE PC Agrawal (SEZ) Pithampur presented their papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16458471", "title": "573 cases disposed of in Gondia's Maha Lok Adalat", "text": "GONDIA: Out of 1,556 cases put up before the Maha Lok Adalat at Gondia on Sunday, September 16, 573 cases were disposed of, most of which were criminal complaints. The lok adalat was organized in line with the state law department orders, under the guidance of Gondia senior district and sessions judge AD Karanjekar.It is a matter of common knowledge that a lot of time, money and energy of citizens as well as the courts is wasted in undesirable litigation. So, the state law commission has decided to dispose of as many cases as possible through lok adalats. In the latest instance, the Gondia court and officials disposed off 573 cases out of 1,556, which is quite an achievement since most were of criminal nature.Sources said that 270 cases pertained to courts in the six tehsils of the district, Tiroda, Amgaon, Salekasa, Sadak Arjuni, Morgaon Arjuni and Deori. Some 251 cases pertained to various banks and telecom department, 26 to the labour court and 26 in the court of charity commissioner.All judges, advocates, social workers and many NGOs actively participated in this adalat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16457414", "title": "Be younger for longer as middle age begins at 55", "text": "LONDON: Next time you refer to a 40-year-old as middle-aged, be careful , he might take offence! According to a new study, middle age in the modern world begins at 55.In a survey of 1,000 UK adults aged 50-plus, people said that they do not see themselves as elderly until they are nudging 70. Previous studies have pinpointed the start of middle age as early as 36, the BBC News' reported.The survey for the on-line learning website suggests that as the population ages, new cut-off points are being drawn. According to official national data, there are now more adults over 65 in UK than there are under-16s.Although seven out of 10 early 50-somethings quizzed for the survey defined themselves as middle-aged, the average age at which the period of life was perceived to start was 54 years and 347 days old.One in five people thought middle age did not begin until after the age of 60.Almost one in five (19%) said that being middle age is a state of mind, rather than something that begins at a certain age. The research also asked the participants at what age they thought middle age ends. The average came in at 69 years and 277 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460719", "title": "UP police arrests employee from Satpura Bhavan", "text": "BHOPAL: The Uttar Pradesh police on Tuesday have arrested a daily wager employed in a government department from the Satpura Bhavan here. He was accused in a murder and was carrying a reward of Rs 5000 on him.Police said the accused Shankar Singh was wanted in a murder committed in Chitrakoot in the year 2007. Singh hails from Satna and was working in a government department here. The police have also established his links with Thokia and Dadua dacoit gangs.He is the relative of dreaded dacoit Thokia and had also been in the notorious Dadua gang for some time in the past, the police added. Earlier also the accused used to live in Bhopal and was employed as a daily wager in PHE department. The UP police have kept him in the Jehangirabad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457682", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike takes garbage campaign to Facebook", "text": "BANGALORE: 112 likes and counting on Day1. Not bad for a page about garbage. That's BBMP's new Solid Waste Management Facebook page.\"Dear friends, this page is only related to solid waste management related issues, For any other issues concerned to BBMP please contact us on the mail id/phone numbers provided on our website, Alternatively, you can send an email to swmcell.bbmp@gmail.com for any issues related with SWM only,\" was the first post on Monday.The civic body plans to have 198 such pages - one for each ward. \"This is a trial run. But it's good to see people discussing important issues,\" said Rajneesh Goel, BBMP commissioner. \"I hope the page becomes an interactive medium for citizens to provide suggestions to tackle problems,\" he added.FB users seemed happy about the initiative. \"Well done BBMP. I think you need to take up the awareness of initiative on a larger scale and it should be to all the strata of society - homes,schools, shops and offices too. The maids etc don't seem to understand or know about this so the areas around their homes will still be discarding un-segregated waste,\" posted .Many highlighted problems in their area. \"I stay in Malleshwaram. We were all given green and blue buckets by BBMP a few years back to segregate dry and wet waste. When we started doing so, the person who collects garbage said that they are on sub-contract and that even if we segregate, they go and dump everything in the same place, so we need not segregate the waste. Even to this day, garbage collectors go and dump everything in one place. Even if we segregate garbage, it's of no use. Just wanted to bring this to your notice,\" posted .CWA HRBR struck a cautionary note: \"Good to Hear that BBMP has come on Facebook, but we - Citizen Welfare Association HRBR 2nd Block, Kalyan Nagar Bangalore 43 - would like to understand the system BBMP is going to follow on complaints given by people, turn-around time for action on accused, and who would be monitoring the area... If the complaints are going to remain as complaints then this page is waste of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456650", "title": "Sales of branded fuels tank in TN as prices rise", "text": "CHENNAI: With the government freeing prices of premium or branded fuel from administered prices, sales of these branded fuels have seen a sharp fall in both Chennai and the rest of Tamil Nadu.In Chennai, between June 1 and August 31, sales of premium petrol has fallen 13% while for the rest of Tamil Nadu, sales has dropped a steep 44%. Sales of premium diesel have fallen about 87% in Tamil Nadu and about 51% in Chennai.Branded fuel is marketed by Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) as 'XtraPremium', Bharat Petroleum (BP) calls it 'Speed' and Hindustan Petroleum (HP) 'Power'.After the government hiked diesel prices by 5 last week and allowed oil marketing companies to price premium or branded petrol, pump prices of premium petrol further rose 7 a litre.Between June 1 and August 31, premium petrol prices increased from 75.4 a litre to 81.66 per litre. Pump prices of branded diesel increased from 43.8 a litre in June to 49.98 a litre in August.\"The number of people moving from premium fuel to regular fuel in our bunk has gone up drastically,\" says Saravanan, who works in a petrol bunk on Mount Road in Chennai. \"I have noticed that people who own high-end cars continue to use premium fuel probably because they can still afford it,\" he says.Data from Indian Oil Corporation shows that consumption of branded fuel almost halved between June 1 and August 31. Consumption of premium petrol was 2,689 kilolitres in June while it fell to 1,483 kilolitres in August, while premium diesel sales across the state went down from 1,595 kilolitres in June to just 199 kilolitres in August.\"I have stopped using branded fuel for my taxis - even though they are new vehicles. The cars that used premium fuel have now started using regular fuel since it is getting very expensive for the business,\" a taxi driver said.Owners of luxury vehicles, however, seem to be left with no choice buy to cough up huge sums. \"I don't want to risk engine life by using regular fuel. Unless prices go up further, I will continue to buy this,\" said a BMW owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16457216", "title": "Teenage driver knocks down 7 in Dongri market", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dongri police arrested an 18-year-old teenager for rash driving after the Honda City he was driving knocked down seven people in a busy market lane in Dongri on Tuesday. Imran Barniwala was taking a test drive on a four-wheeler when he lost control and knocked down seven people.According to the police, Imran Barniwala drove his car through a no-entry lane and lost control. Those injured in the accident sustained minor injuries and were discharged from hospital after being treated. Barniwala did not have a driving licence. The incident took place around 2.30pm when Barniwala, along with a car mechanic, was driving the car. Barniwala entered a vegetable market near the Nawroji hill area in Dongri at high speed. Barniwala fled from the accident spot. Two policemen chased Barniwala and arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16456186", "title": "Tanker parts to be tested to ascertain cause of explosion", "text": "KANNUR: The remains of the bullet tanker that was involved in the LPG tanker mishap in Chala will be subjected to tests in National Physical Laboratory to ascertain the cause of the explosion as well as to find out whether the tanker was fit to be used for transporting LPG, said the crime branch team investigating the incident.\"In the preliminary investigation, it was found that the tanker lorry had all the papers showing that it had apparently met the security requirements,\" said an investigating official.\"Since the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO) gives the certificate based on the certificates issued by the accredited agencies, we would also verify if the papers were fake,\" he added.If it is found that the papers were fake and the tanker did not meet the security requirements, the role of the IOC would come under investigation.Though they claim that the LPG tanker mishap was merely a road accident, they have the responsibility to make sure that the tanker was fit for LPG transportation.A crime branch team would visit Namakkal, where the transport company is based, to find out if there was any foul play. They would also visit Pune, where the capsule tanker was manufactured, said the crime branch officer.Meanwhile, the experts are confused as to what led to the explosion. Since the tank and the valves are designed in such a manner that it should not break even if it overturns, how the valve broke after hitting the divider and overturning is what is baffling the officials.Responding to the reports that a tanker lorry bearing the same registration number (KA 21 A 9394) of the tanker that met with the accident was located in Shimoga in Karnataka, the officer said the crime branch had not received any such information. However, he added that such a possibility could not be ruled out and they would investigate this too.Meanwhile, the forensic experts again visited the mishap site and collected more samples that would be subjected to chemical analysis and other tests.On the other hand, the medical team from the department of health organized a counselling for the residents of Chala, who are yet to overcome the shock of the mishap. The health workers visited the houses in Chala.The counselling would be an ongoing process, said Kannur DMO Dr R Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16455515", "title": "Architect's version of vibrant Bali on canvas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Hiren Patel's fixation for the magnificence of his surroundings could not be contained by designing landscape architecture, he moved on to yet another medium of expression: the canvas.Having often travelled to the exotic island of Bali on business trips, and being surrounded by artist friends, Patel's conversion graduated from personal sketchbooks with miniature doodles to 60x40 inches paintings in watercolours.His exhibition 'Characteristic Bali' at Amdavad ni Gufa, though not an exact replica of the tourist town, screams of vibrancy and life and all that's Bali. From sprawling coconut palms to the sparkling emerald seas, the ruby red heliconia flowers and the long-tailed macaque- Patel's vision of Bali steps out of his comfort zone.\"I was always intrigued by the natural beauty of the island and couldn't help documenting it in a more personal way. Moreover, the energy of the artists who I'm surrounded by made me want to experiment with the canvas too. But I was nervous about displaying my art to the public, having never painted on such a large surface before,\" revealed Patel of Hiren Patel Architects.However, his friends and family finally coaxed him into putting up an exhibition and his collection of watercolour paintings that span over the last six months.Patel has combined nature and spirituality through the use of bright, almost violent colours that captures the essence of Bali probably as good as a photograph. A massive piece titled 'Passage' that fills the corner of the Gufa shows a corridor emerging from a yellow and pink door that opens out the ocean. Another piece titled 'Offering' shows a Shivling half hidden in the foliage, also symbolic to Balinese Hindu culture.\"Working double shifts-an architect by day and an artist by night-has not been easy. But I have found in painting a different kind of bliss and I intend to continue this passion,\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460583", "title": "Govt needs more time on Carbide waste disposal", "text": "BHOPAL: The secretary-level meeting held here on Tuesday in the aftermath of the German company, GIZ, withdrawing its offer to airlift toxic Carbide waste to Germany for incineration remained inconclusive. Sources said that more time is needed to finalize a policy disposal of the 346 MT toxic waste lying in the premises of now defunct Union Carbide India Limited (UCIL) plant here.Sources said that during the meeting the officials focused on recommendations of a study carried out by National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) which had recommended that the incinerable wastes should be disposed off in TSDF at Pithampur while the non-incinerable wastes to be disposed-off in an on-site secured landfill facility to be constructed at UCIL premises.\"It is back to square one after the refusal of GIZ. The government is likely to approach the Supreme Court and ask for more time on the issue of waste disposal,\" said Purnedu Shukla, member of Supreme Court appointed monitoring committee for rehabilitation of gas victims, who attended the meeting.He said that Central Pollution Control Board, member secretary J S Kamyotra informed that the Pithampur plant was not currently ready to handle such large quantity of waste for incineration. About 350 metric tonnes of toxic waste lies in the UCIL above the ground, while some 1.5 million metric tonnes is underground.\"We have registered our protest at the hurried nature of the meeting, convened to discuss the modalities for disposal of toxic waste lying at UCIL,\" said activist Abdul Jabbar. In a letter to the chief secretary R Parasuram, he sought for another meeting on the issue in the next few weeks.According to government data, over Rs 3,000 crore has been disbursed as compensation in 5,295 cases of death, 4,902 cases of permanent disability, 5,27,894 cases of minor injury and 35,455 cases related to temporary disability due to the gas disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16455904", "title": "Cops get DGP fiat to go tough on land disputes", "text": "HYDERABAD: With criminal gangs taking advantage of the existing system where police across the state are refusing to register cases in land disputes, the office of Director General of Police (DGP) recently directed all station house officers (SHOs) to end the practice and register cases if land disputes lead to cognizable offences. They have also been warned of punishment if they fail to act.Since 2010, all ranks of police officers have been refusing to register cases involving land disputes citing the high court order and other subsequent circulars of the DGP office.As a result, helpless complainants, who face threat from other parties involved in the dispute, have been approaching goons for protection of their land and life.\"Actually, the high court order was misinterpreted. If some cognizable offence takes place in connection with a land dispute, inspectors and other officers have been refusing to register cases dismissing it as civil disputes. However, specific orders are given to register cases to the extent of criminality-trespass and hurt,\" a senior IPS officer told TOI.Police officers said directions were given to inspectors and others not to involve themselves in settling title dispute but to leave such issue to court.It appears that police finally woke up after numerous cases, where complainants approached members of 'D' gang, Maddelacheruvu Suri and Bhanu, fugitive Nayeemuddin and other notorious persons, who make a living by taking up the task of intimidating, killing and also settling disputes, came to light.Circulars were issued to all inspectors general of police of various ranges and commissioners citing rules under the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) to make sure that concerned officers be intimated that inaction to implement the circular would attract punishment.However, the decision might encounter some resistance as some unscrupulous policemen are hand-in-glove with organised gangs and politicians involved in land settlements.Also, some officers who misuse their position might use the circular for interfering in land disputes officially and harassing citizens by unnecessarily registering cases.Following the high court order, the home department had in November 2010, issued GO 288 forming committees to take action against police officers who interfere in civil disputes.Though the committees were to enquire into the matter not later than 15 days from the date of receipt of the complaint in this regard, till date no action was taken against a single officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460592", "title": "Science fair in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 400 students from all across the state have been participating a three-day science fair inaugurated at Bhopal Haat from Tuesday.There were 46 stalls in the fair which demonstrated 101 science models based on principles like water rockets, Bernoulli's principle, centrifugal and centripetal forces among others. Two science teachers from each district of the state also participated in the fair.The science fair called 'Apoorva Vigyan Mela' was inaugurated by Madhya Pradesh school education minister Archana ChitnisIt is being organised for the first time by directorate of public instructions ( DPI). Main coordinator of the fair is a Nagpur based agency - Association for Research and Training.The fair would be on for the public from 11 am to 8 pm till September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16461214", "title": "Loreto Alumnae Association\u2019s annual general meeting", "text": "The Loreto Alumnae Association's annual general meeting saw a flurry of activity as old students of the school voted to elect a new committee for the association.But before that, Nidhi Prakash, Jyoti Dewan and Tulika Chandra - president, secretary and treasurer respectively, of the outgoing committte - reprised the members of the last two years' events. The meeting-up of old friends, of past pupils and teachers over cups of coffee and cake, was what lent the do a warm air.SUMMER OF '69? Members from the batch of 1969 are among the most active at the school's alumni events. And this time too, the enthusiastic ladies turned up, took an avid interest in the association's goings on, and made sure the photogs at the do clicked them all together. And while talking of photogs, Dr Mariam Khan was once again seen playing the unofficial photographer at the event, clicking everyone's happy pictures.MAG TAG: The association also used the occasion to release their magazine, which has contributions from alumnae members. Principal of the school, L George, and Sister Benedicta released the \"Link\" magazine, which had 'Motherhood' as the theme of this issue. Dr AP Tikku, who's one of those rare men who did his schooling in Loreto in days when boys were allowed as students, made his contribution to the magazine as a father. He was also the only male to be present at the all-girls event, and we assume, he thoroughly enjoyed it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460616", "title": "IPS celebrates Grandparents Day", "text": "BHOPAL: Grandparents Day was celebrated by International Public School ( IPS) here on September 15. The elders were given a warm welcome by the school staff and a small programme was organised to make the occasion memorable. Chairman of the school Ashok Nanda along with the principal P S Kalra were present. Senior citizens from an old age home were the honoured guests of the programme. After a floral welcome, students highlighted the importance of the elderly. The cultural programmes included dances, poem recitations and skits performed by the students. The senior citizens were presented with small mementos. Few games were also organised for the grandparents.Bal Bhavan School: The first round of the Astronomy Quiz was held at Bal Bhawan School on Tuesday. Students from classes VI to X participated enthusiastically in the quiz. It was conducted by Amit Smriti. Participants who will be selected for the second round will be trained and the winners will be sent to visit any one of the eight main observatories of India. Earlier the principal H L Chopra greeted the students and wished them all success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16456926", "title": "Cops find 45-year-old's body in sea, post-mortem says it's murdered teen girl's", "text": "MUMBAI: Two weeks ago, a decomposed body washed up at Mumbai Port's Indira Docks. Police were called in; they concluded it was that of a 45-year-old man who had fallen into the sea at the same spot a fortnight before that.A few days later, the post-mortem report said it is most probably the body of a teenaged girl with deep injuries on the throat, suggesting that she was murdered and thrown into the sea over a month ago.Did the police's desperation to solve cases boomerang on them or is it a sad reflection of the investigative skill among the foot soldiers of the force that once counted itself as second only to the Scotland Yard ?The fact is that the rule of mandatory post-mortem in cases of unnatural death is leading the investigation on the right path. The police have now sought information from the city's police stations on missing reports about teenaged girls.But since a bone sample test report is awaited to confirm the gender, they have also asked about cases of middle-aged men going missing.Pandurang Dhoke, senior police inspector at Yellow Gate police station, said: \"We are almost certain that the body is of a man because it surfaced at the spot where, a fortnight before the corpse was found, a man had fallen into the sea. We tried to search for the body but couldn't trace it. At this spot, it is unlikely that a body from other areas would wash ashore.\"On September 2, dock workers spotted a nude and badly decomposed body in the sea and informed the Yellow Gate police station. The body was retrieved and sent to J J Hospital for a post-mortem.The police recorded in their accidental death registry that it was the body of the middle-aged man who had fallen into the sea at the same place about 14 days ago.But the post-mortem report said it was likely to be a teenaged girl and injury marks on the inside of her throat suggested she was murdered and thrown into the sea. \"After examining the body's physical structure and other details, the doctor concluded that the deceased could be a girl,\" said a person involved in the post-mortem. The report explained that the deceased could be a teenager because they couldn't find a wisdom tooth. Neither did they find a uterus, but the doctors said it was possible that the organ was lost in sea as the corpse had rotted in the sea for over a month.After the Yellow Gate police sought reports on missing teenaged girls, the Trombay police cited one such case and approached them a few days ago to seek details of the body. But they were unable to identify the body as no identification mark was visible in the decomposed corpse.The police are now waiting for the bone sample report to decide on further action in the case.Mumbai: The police's desperation to \"solve\" cases hurriedly can sometimes boomerang; police, a few days ago, find a decomposed body that has been washed ashore and conclude that it could be of a around 45-year-old man fallen in sea a fortnight ago; but the post-mortem report revealed it may be the body of teenager girl and there was deep injuries on her throat, suggesting a murder that could have occurred a month back.The doctor had collected bone samples of the body for examination to ascertain the gender. After the postmortem doctor's opinion, the police looked for a missing complaint and informed the police station across the city asking them if any middle age man or teenager girl missing from their area.On September 2, the dock worker had noticed the badly discomposed and nude body floating in the sea and they informed the police about it. The Yellow Gate police station recovered the body and sent it for the post-mortem at J J Hospital. The doctor said that there inflicted injuries on the throat suggesting that the deceased was killed before dumped in the water.The Trombay police was enquiring about a missing girl of their area had recently approached the Yellow Gate police station to enquire about the body. But they were unable to identify the body as it was badly decomposed and no body identification mark was visible.The police said that they tried to search in nearby police station to trace the woman's antecedents but in vain.Senior police inspector at Yellow Gate police station, Pandurang Dhoke said, \"We are almost confirm that the body if of the man because it surfaced on the spot where fortnight ago a man fallen in sea. We tried to search the body just after the incident but we didn't trace it as it lost in the sea. At this spot rarely any body washed a shore from other area.\"The postmortem doctor said that they didn't find the wisdom tooth in the body and after proper verification they found the deceased could be the teenager. However there was no uterus found with the body but doctor stated that it may have lose in the sea because the body was in water since more then a month.A source said, \"After examining the body's physical structure and other details the doctor concluded that the deceased could be the girl.\"The police will wait for the bone sample report to decide further course of action in the case. The police said that they had enquired with the fishermen in south Mumbai if any girl was missing from the area but they denied it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456790", "title": "Promising them jobs, ex-Armyman cheats youths", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Crime Branch (CCB) sleuths arrested an ex-serviceman on Tuesday for allegedly cheating a few youths to the tune of 10 lakh. He promised them jobs at the Officers Training Academy (OTA).Police launched a search for Sudanthiramani, 62, who was absconding following the arrest of his friend Muniyandi, 61, a realtor from Virudhunagar on September 1.Police said Sudanthiramani, who worked at the OTA with Muniyandi and Nataraj, 45, an auditor, had promised the youths a job in 2008. The three men conducted fake job interviews at a lodge in Triplicane and carried out fitness tests and later issued call letters for clerical jobs at the OTA. They also gave forged letters of the ministry of defence, police said.The victims realised they were cheated when they came to Chennai to report for work. Though Sudanthiramani and the other two assured the youths their money would be returned, they absconded.CCB sleuths arrested Sudanthiramani following a complaint from one of the victims, Gunasekaran from Vaniyambadi, Vellore.Police are looking for Nataraj who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16458333", "title": "Cotton, soyabean affected in many talukas: Collector", "text": "NAGPUR: Crops in many talukas of Yavatmal district have suffered heavy damage due to excess rainfall and flooding, but there is ample water for a good rabi crop, says district collector Ashwin Mudgal.Mudgal told TOI that Arni, Ghatanji and Yavatmal were the worst hit due to excess rainfall. \"Arni received 219 mm, Ghatanji 143 mm and Yavatmal 133 mm on July 20 and 21. This caused severe damage to crops and property. Babhulgaon taluka received heavy rainfall on June 10 and it rained 153 mm in Dhamangaon on June 14. There is damage to crops and property in these talukas too.\"Pusad and Digras talukas have received 50% excess rainfall but there, the crop damage is minimal because the rainfall was spread out over many days,\" he explained.The collector said that discharge of water into Wardha and Bembla rivers inundated the areas lying on their banks and at many places top soil got washed away, causing long term damage. This happened in Babhulgaon, Kalamb, Ralegaon and Maregaon talukas.\"We have completed the survey. 573 villages have been affected to excess rainfall and discharge of water in rivers. Cotton, soyabean, urad and tur crops have been affected in many talukas,\" he said.Yavatmal district's average rainfall is 912 mm. So far, it has received 863 mm (95.47% of the annual average). However, if rainfall data of past years of June 1 to September 15 period is compared, then the district had received 36.5% excess rainfall.Yavatmal is the only district in Vidarbha which received heavy rainfall in June and July and moderate rainfall in August and September. In other districts, it has been vice-versa.\"Due to moderate rainfall in August and September, farmers who went in for resowing will get a decent income. Due to ample water, the rabi crop in the district will be good. We are assessing the requirement of wheat and grams for rabi,\" Mudgal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16456655", "title": "Congress read Didi wrong, landed govt in a spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mamata Banerjee's history of crying wolf prompted Congress to push her that bit further by approving retail FDI, diesel price hike and disinvestment in PSUs despite her opposition.The bold departure from UPA-2's 'safety first' philosophy surprised insiders and observers alike but Congress felt it had to retrieve the economy and reignite its appeal among middle-classes and the poor if it had to retain a chance in 2014. The situation was seen as desperate and the prescription offered was radical.Congressmen feel the gambit has misfired. Post-Mamata, the government may survive but would not be in a position to take harsh measures that would require the defiance of allies.Instead, Congress would be back to an unexciting stint in the coming months which may undercut its attempts to revive its image after three years of lacklustre governance. At stake are the prime ministerial prospects of Rahul Gandhi in the next elections.No wonder, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi sought truce. \"We have always considered Trinamool Congress our valuable ally. Even after all that Mamata Banerjee has said, we still consider her our valuable ally till a final result comes out,\" he said, adding the party \"will definitely discuss the issues raised by Banerjee with the government\".The nod to defy allies came from the very top in Congress after a considered view of the situation. From prime minister down to finance minister to even spokespersons, everyone waxed eloquent about retail FDI and, surprisingly, even fuel hike that is normally a red rag to partymen.It was evident in how the Cabinet meeting quietly approved the raft of reform measures, with even the usual doubters signing on dotted lines.Party managers, however, felt two crucial mistakes were made. One, Mamata should not have been pushed despite her resistance to retail FDI. The issue could have been discussed in the UPA coordination committee and NCP chief Sharad Pawar could have been a better bet to soften her opposition.Secondly, the issue of a financial package for West Bengal dragged too far, in the hope of keeping it as the last bargaining chip. The volatile leader's bombshell may have preempted that one last occasion. \"Clearly, we failed to detect that last chance,\" a leader said.While few in opposition or treasury think the government is collapsing but it may be an uphill task to carry through the legislative agenda in line with the new-found itch for 'reforms'. After Mamata's exit, it is to be seen if Congress will have the stomach to push forth measures like pension bill and more disinvestment proposals.In fact, a lame duck Congress may only embolden the hardliners in BJP to further blockade legislation. \"We should not have pushed Mamata this time without meeting her core demand like financial package,\" an AICC leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460184", "title": "1 more dies of swine flu, 3 others test positive", "text": "BHOPAL: Swine flu claimed one more life in the state capital as a 45-year-old man died at a city hospital on Tuesday. Another sample that was sent for confirmatory test at Jabalpur was tested positive. Two samples of patients from the city tested positive for H1N1 on Monday.The death toll due to swine flu in Bhopal this season has gone up to 6. Health officials informed that Chattar Singh who was admitted to the LBS hospital here on Monday in a critical condition died.In addition, the integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) officials sent 4 samples of swine flu suspects for tests at ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur.Three of the four samples are of residents of Bhopal, according to health officials. So far in Bhopal swine flu has resulted in 5 deaths with 14 people diagnosed positive for the deadly H1N1 virus.Health officials said that two men aged 26 and 45 tested positive for swine flu, as per reports received from the regional medical research centre (RMRC) at Jabalpur.\"The condition of two swine flu patients is critical,\" said district chief medical officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla. \"As a precautionary step we have advised doctors to start with tamiflu course, for patients of bronchitis inflammation,\" he added.As per health department advisory, all individuals seeking consultation for flu-like symptoms categorised under 'B' category (for high grade fever, vomiting, chronically ill) or higher 'C' category (severe respiratory distress) should be tested for H1N1 infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16458790", "title": "Fast-track lanes for rich Indians at Heathrow?", "text": "LONDON: After facing embarrassment over long delays at immigration at Heathrow before the Olympics, Britain is working on plans for fasttrack passport lanes for highvalue individuals from India and other countries to convey the message that London is \"open for business\" .Brian Moore , head of UK border force, told the home affairs select committee on Tuesday that his officials were working on plans for high-value business individuals not only from the old Commonwealth countries like Australia, but from all countries.He told senior Labour Keith Vaz , chairman of the committee, \"It is an idea that officials are discussing with port operators. It will then go back to ministers for them to consider whether and how it is going to be progressed.\"As Indian companies increasingly set up offices in the UK or took over British companies, top business executives from India travel to London regularly. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16460945", "title": "Kareena is my favourite actress: Madhur Bhandarkar", "text": "The shutterbugs went crazy when the real 'Heroine' visited their city. Kareena Kapoor and Madhur Bhandarkar recently came down to the city for promoting their next ambitious and most awaited venture, 'Heroine'.The film produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Bhandarkar Entertainments is all set to release on September 21. When asked, how well has he portrayed the film industry, Madhur said, \"In all my movies be it, 'Page 3', 'Chandni Bar' or 'Corporate'; I have tried to depict honesty and reality. So when I decided to make a movie on my industry, I just could not have been biased or judgmental. I have tried to portray the film industry with honesty though I have added a bit of fiction to it.\"Movie is inspired by many On being asked that 'Heroine' draws inspiration from which actress, Madhur refused to take any names but he openly said that the movie is inspired by not one, but many actresses and that too not just from Bollywood. He further stated, \"I added fiction to the plot and it's not totally a real life story.\"Karisma is my biggest critic Kareena went emotional when asked who she would want to show the movie first from her family. \"When my sister saw the movie she cried for ten minutes. That made me feel I have done my job well. Karisma is my biggest critic,\" says Kareena.Arjun and Randeep - surprise package of the film On being asked the reason behind the absence of Randeep and Arjun Rampal from the promotions, Madhur quipped, \"Although the film is about and on Kareena, Randeep and Arjun are the surprise package of the film and once you see the film I am very sure you'll be taking more interviews of Randeep and Arjun than us.\"Kareena is my favourite Madhur lightened everyone's mood when he said, \"My favourite actress is Madhubala and Nutan but filhaal toh meri favourite heroine Kareena hi hai . She has done tremendous work in Heroine and I hope she gets a National Award for this film.\"Have not seen Barfi yet It came out more as a confession when Kareena revealed that she could not take out time to watch her cousin's latest release 'Barfi'. However she added that she's happy about Ranbir's success and proud of Kapoor prodigy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16457680", "title": "Visvesvaraya Technological University plea hearing tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen will hear on Thursday the writ appeal filed by Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) challenging the single bench order directing for holding supplementary examination for 2011-12 batch students. \"They (students ) did not think it urgent to attend classes?\" the chief justice remarked when the counsel for some of the students pleaded for an early hearing of the case.Plea disposed of in Mahantesh case A division bench headed by CJ Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday disposed of a suo motu PIL registered by it with regard to the murder of SP Mahantesh, deputy director of co-operative audit. The bench recorded the government advocate's submission that a chargesheet has been filed against four accused before the jurisdictional trial court.AS Kiran Kumar, the main accused who worked as cashier with Sahakaranagar Credit Co-operative Society, is alleged to have misappropriated money for his lavish style of living and hatched a plan with his friends Ayappa, Murali and Shivakumar to eliminate Mahantesh, who was due to audit the accounts of the society so as to get a breather to repay the money, according to the chargesheet. One more person, Madan, is not yet arrested and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16458656", "title": "Music to the ears for post-operative patients", "text": "COIMBATORE: If a research paper published in the latest issue of the Indian Journal of Surgery is to be believed, then post-operative patients can ease their pain and reduce their dependence on pain-killers simply by listening to music. The author of the paper, Coimbatore-based surgeon Thirumurthy Sathish Kumar says that Anandabhairavi, the favourite raga of renowned Carnatic music composer Syama Sastri, helps patients manage their pain better. One of the oldest ragas of Carnatic music, refined over years by legends including Muthuswamy Dikshithar, Thygarajan and Annamacharya, the Anandabhairavi is sweet music to the ears for anyone suffering pain.Presently a professor of general surgery at Karpagam Medical College Hospital in the city, Sathish Kumar had undertaken this research when he was vice-principal of PSG Institute of Medical Sciences and Research. He conducted his research on 60 patients in the post operative ward, chosen randomly, with the help of his colleagues M Muthuraman and R Krishnakumar.\"The power of Anandabhairavi in reducing blood pressure was established in some earlier studies. Various compositions based on the raga were played to the patients who confirmed that the extent of pain was reduced,\" said Sathish Kumar.\"Music helps create a positive emotional experience. Many research studies have proved that lack of emotional balance can cause multiple diseases. Classical music can help in creating a positive emotional state,\" he added.\"Works by great composers like Mozart and Bach have proved capable of improving one's health. At the same time, some forms of music like heavy metal may cause the reverse effect. Music that can create a positive effect in the mind can help cure diseases. Melodies can reduce the quantity of pain killers consumed by half,'' he says.Sathish Kumar said that it was not essential that one should have prior exposure to classical music to avail its pain-relieving benefits. There were many patients who had never listened to classical music before but they felt some pain relief when listening to the Anandabhairavi.A big fan of music, Satish is known for playing music while conducting surgeries. \"I normally play melodic compositions during surgeries. This helps me concentrate better on the assigned work and remain calm,\" he says. Over the years, he has won the cooperation of fellow doctors and medical staff in playing music in the operation theatre.Satish Kumar hails from a business family in the city. According to him, his family had no interest or background in music. It was in the eighties when he was doing his MBBS that he developed an interest in Western Piano. When he went to the US to pursue higher studies, he heard classical music for the first time in a relative's house and completely fell in love with it. His favourite composers include Shyama Sastri, Muthuswamy Dikshitar, Papanasam Sivan and Gopalakrishna Bharathi. He says that there are other ragas which have been noted for their healing effects. For instance, the 'sahana raga' is called the raga of the 'sarvaroganivarana chakra', which means a cure for all ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16461428", "title": "City all set to welcome Lord Ganesha", "text": "MANGALORE: Installation of colourful Ganesha idols at temples, religious centres and homes will mark the beginning of Ganesh Chathurthi festival across the city on Wednesday. There are many sculptors in the city, who create Ganesha idols to make the festival meaningful. Prabhakar Rao of Mannagudda, Ravi Bhandary, Vinayak Shet and Damodar Shenoy of Car Street are popular names among them. Most of the sculptors prefer to make eco-friendly Ganesha idols using clay and natural colours thereby reducing the use of oil colours. Octagenarian Prabhakar Rao is one of the few sculptors who do not use oil paints, plaster of paris or any other chemical substances that pollute the environment for making idols. Rao uses eco-friendly lead-free paints to ensure that the idols do not contaminate water after it was immersed in wells and other water resources. \"We are not into this job to make profit, but we are just following the tradition. It was my father late Mohan Rao, who taught us making Ganesha,\" Prabhakar told TOI. Vinayak Shet and Damodar Shenoy, too take measures to make eco-friendly Ganesha. Vinayak makes beautiful Ganesha idols using only water colours, which dilute in water very easily. Most of the Ganeshotsav committees, communities and family members book Ganesha idols weeks before the festival. Organisers bring the peeta (wooden seat) of idol at the time of booking for idol. Though Ganesha idols are installed at several places in the city every year, the festival at Nehru Maidan attracts large number of devotees every year. Ganesha idol will be installed at the pandal here at 8am on Wednesday. The festival, which is being organized under the aegis of Hindu Yuva Sene here, will conclude with a grand immersion procession on September 25. Sarvajanika Sri Ganeshotsava Samiti will celebrate 65th Sarvajanika Sri Ganeshotsava at Sangha Niketan from September 19 to 23. The idol will be installed with religious rituals on September 19 at 10am and the idol immersion procession will start on September 23 at 6pm. Sri Siddhi Vinayaka Prathishtana installed Ganesha idol at Omkara Nagara in Bunts Hostel on Tuesday. Thenehabba, Sahasra Nareekela Mahaganayaga and cultural programmes will be held as part of the festival. The festival will conclude with an immersion procession on Friday. Ganesha idol will also be installed at various other places including on KSRTC premises by the employees.Exhibitions !M Mohan Alva, president of Alva's Education Foundation, exhibited nearly 1,000 Ganesha idols of various types and cololurs and poses as part of the Ganesha festival being held under the aegis of Siddhi Vinayaka Prathishtana at Bunts Hostel on Tuesday. Idols of Ganesha playing instruments like veena, violin, tabla and harmonium grabbed the attention of visitors. Meanwhile, dozens of other Ganeshas in various poses made of different materials too provided visual treat to devotees. Artists' Forum of Udupi showcased paintings on Ganesha created by artists of coastal districts at Prasad Art Gallery in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16458564", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation invites fresh bids for garbage collection", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC) has invited bids from private agencies for garbage collection in two of the four zonal areas where SWaCH has been operating.SWaCH, an autonomous waste picker cooperative for door-to-door garbage collection, in July, had given a notice to the corporation for termination of its agreement in protest against the \"unfair dual system of waste collection'' implemented in the city. While two zonal areas, A and D, are covered by SWaCH, the remaining two zonal areas, B and C, are covered by a private contractor.In its notice, SWaCH said while it was promoting an environment-friendly and sustainable, user fee-based model in two zonal areas, the PCMC, through another private contractor, was running a weight-based waste collection model in the other two zonal areas. This model, SWaCH said, has been denounced by several nations and international 'best practice' documents, as it goes against the principles of reduce, reuse and recycle, which is the need of the day.Last month, social activist Baba Adhav, after meeting municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, had said the civic body has no commitment to the principles or values of a cooperative and that it was keen on pursuing a contractor-based model.In zones B and C (Pimpri, Chinchwad, Kasarwadi, and Bhosari areas) covered by the private operator, citizens do not have to pay any user fee for garbage collection. On the other hand, in the other two zones (Akurdi, Nigdi-Pradhikaran, Sangvi and other fringe areas) covered by SWaCH, citizens have to pay user fee. \"The PCMC has created an unfair and unequal playing field by introducing a weight-based system in two zones. The two models of SWACH and of the private contractor do not sit well together because citizens in two wards will not pay for a service that is provided free in other two wards,'' SWaCH said in its notice.While SWaCH has been operational in PCMC since October 2010, with 263 waste pickers collecting waste from 2.43 lakh households, the other private contractor has been operational since October 2011, covering almost equal number of houses as SWaCH. SWaCH and the Kagad Kach Patra Kashtakari Panchayat were approached by PCMC in 2009 to suggest an universal, user fee based, door-to-door waste collection model using hopper vehicles purchased with JNNURM fund.With the agreement between the PCMC and SWaCH set to end on September 30, the civic body has invited bids to appoint a new agency for zones A and D. The PCMC will be implementing a weight-based model in the two wards presently covered by SWaCH. PCMC's health executive officer R B Chavan said the private operator will have to collect garbage and transport it to the Moshi garbage depot. \"The operator will be paid based on the weight of the garbage collected and transported,\" Chavan said.Shabana Diler, chief executive officer, SWaCH, said, \"The agreement will come to an end with the notice period that ends on September 30. A total of 300 certified waste pickers will lose their jobs due to the termination of the agreement.\"\"We would not participate in the bidding process as it is not possible for us to compete with private contractors. We will work for ensuring that whoever gets the contract gives the work of door-to-door garbage collection to our certified waste pickers as per the urban development ministry guidelines.\"Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16461560", "title": "Manish Kharbhikar takes over as city police commissioner", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Police has a new police commissioner in 39-year-old 1998 batch IPS officer Manish Kharbikar. A resident of Bhilai, Chhattisgarh, Manish assumed charge as the second full-time city police commissioner on Ganesh Chaturthi day here on Wednesday from Pratap Reddy, Inspector-General of Police (Western Range), who was the officiating city police chief in the place of Seemant Kumar Singh, now on official training.An electronics engineer by profession, Manish said his priority as new police commissioner will be to uphold the provisions of Indian Constitution, law of the land and various provisions in the police manual. \"It will be my endeavour to effectively look at various dimensions of city policing,\" he said adding that policing touches all walks of life and he would endeavour to strive for better man management, and provide good police administration.Mangalore City Police will strive to instil a sense of lawfulness among the citizens, Manish said, adding that problems of all walks of people will receive equal attention. In addition, important local events such as festivals, elections too will receive due attention of the city police authorities, he said. \"We will collectively strive to create an atmosphere of trust among all stakeholders and move ahead to meet challenges that come along,\" he noted.Working for first time in his career in this part of the state, Manish said it will be a challenge to get familiarised with the situation, place and people. Manish who worked as a probationary IPS officer in Bellary, has worked as Assistant SP at Bhalki, and SPs at Gadag, Gulbarga, Mandya and Mysore, ADC to the Governor at the Raj Bhavan, on UN Mission in Sudan, and cyber crime cell of the CID. He was DIGP (CRE cell) prior to his current posting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16460559", "title": "Inquiry begins in Shivani suicide case", "text": "BHOPAL: School education authorities conducted a departmental inquiry at G B Convent Higher Secondary School on Tuesday into the suicide by class X student, who hanged herself after allegedly being slighted at school by a teacher.Phanda block education officer Narendra Sharma reached the school on Tuesday morning. He said, \"The exam in charge Meena Jain and the student, who was exchanging answer sheets with Shivani, were absent on Tuesday. They are in a state of mental trauma, said school director Vimlesh Thakur. He has been asked to furnish the report of the incident within two days' time. The report would contain statements of other teachers and their relation with her. Besides, it was also ascertained that the student belonged to the school and had her enrolment there. The attendance was also noted down.\"Shivani, daughter of Hriday Narayan Tomar, had committed suicide on September 14 by hanging at her residence in Rajendra Nagar.Shivani had appeared in terminal exams on Thursday and was disturbed after she returned home from school as teachers charged her with cheating in the exam and threatened to rusticate her for three years, the police had said. Meena Jain allegedly tore off her answer-sheet during the examination.Sharma said, \"There was mishandling by the teachers. On inquiry, the principal and other teachers said that the two girls were exchanging answer sheets in the exam hall. But they also maintained that the girl was a bright student. So why the need to cheat? These matters will come to light once the reports from the school are submitted.\"Shivani's father has held the school teachers and its director responsible for the incident.On Monday, district education officer (DEO) C M Upadhyay had ordered a departmental inquiry into the incident.rageshri.ganguly@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16458651", "title": "Another destitute dies at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: Another unidentified destitute who died of wounds and renal failure at the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital was given a decent burial at the Puliayakulam burial ground on Monday evening.The victim, who appeared to be around 70-years-old, had been lying on the pavement outside the hospital for the past 10 days without any attention. \"The man's ulcerate leg was infected so severely that worms were thriving on his wound, and flies were thronging him. He was admitted at the hospital in an unconscious state,\" said P Mahendiran, managing trustee of Eera Nenjam, an NGO helping the old and destitute, who admitted him at the hospital.According to Mahendiran the man had previously received some treatment as he had a urinary bag on him. \"He may have walked out of the hospital himself or he may have been forced out since there was no one to attend to him,\" he said. It is unfortunate that there is no system in place to take care of such people, he added. It is the duty of the government to step forward and assist the destitute.According to the doctors at the CMCH, he was brought to the hospital in critical condition. Besides his ulcerated legs, his kidneys were not functioning. Despite all efforts, he died.This is just one of the several cases reported at the CMCH where destitute people suffer and die due to want of attention. Even though hospital authorities claim to take care of such people when it is brought to their notice, several homeless people continue to suffer a horrible, lonely death. Just this past August, a man was found lying naked outside the hospital.P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, said that it is unfortunate that several unclaimed bodies pile up at the hospital. He claimed that the hospital always provides the best treatment to such people, but since they are brought for treatment only when their health is extremely critical, they often die. On an average, at least 4 to 5 unclaimed bodies pile up in the hospital every day.Even though these people are given proper shelter and accommodation, they refuse to stay in the facility. Many are not used to being tied down. They prefer to wander aimlessly, said Sherin Philip, social welfare officer. She admits that shortage of manpower does make it difficult to take care of such people.But the most cruel situation is when aged people are pushed on to the pavements by their own children. The government has to step in and help, said P Manimaran who has helped nearly 2000 leprosy patients and destitute people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16456864", "title": "Told to remove sun-control film, DMDK MLA blocks road", "text": "CHENNAI: A MLA of DMDK staged a road roko on Tuesday afternoon when the Chennai traffic police tried to book him for a driving a car that had sun control film on its windows.On Tuesday, sub-inspector Muthu belonging to Koyambedu police station, flagged down V S Chandra Kumar near the Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus (CMBT) when the MLA was following the party's leader Vijayakanth in a car. Muthu said the sun control film was completely black and they had no choice but to book a case against Chandra Kumar. Police took Chandra Kumar was taken to a police station.As arguments continued, Chandra Kumar and a few DMDK cadres staged a road roko for about ten minutes. When police threatened to book them for stopping a police officer from doing his duty, the MLA and the cadres dispersed and a fine amount was collected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-19"}
