{"city": "margao", "code": "11934683", "title": "BJP sure Mahatme will defeat CM", "text": "MARGAO: The BJP on Friday stressed that it hadn't fielded a weak candidate in Margao while also stating that it \"subscribes to the universal principles of education\" that primary education should be in the mother tongue as far as the medium of instruction issue is concerned.Refusing to reply to a query on whether the BJP would reverse the cabinet decision extending government grants to English medium primary schools, state BJP general secretary Wilfred Mesquita told reporters, \"Unless and until we see the legality of the decision, we can't decide on that.\"He added that the party is awaiting the high court decision on the matter. \"A decision which is wrong cannot be reversed, it automatically gets reversed,\" said Mesquita.Earlier, the party's legislature wing spokesperson Damodar 'Damu' Naik, urged people to end the \"sade-sati that has gripped Goa in the nearly seven-and-half-year long Congress misrule\" by voting BJP to power. Sade-sati is the much-feared astrological phase of Saturn's transit through the zodiac signs that signals bad omens for seven-and-half years.Naik made the remark while lashing out at Congress Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik for stating that the BJP is resorting to surrogate advertising and advising it to join the Naxalite movement.\"Shantaram Naik seems to have taken leave of his senses. He is advised against becoming the Digvijay Singh (Congress national general secretary) of Goa. He should prove the charges leveled against the BJP or face the consequences,\" said Naik. He added that such talk will not fetch the Congress votes. \"The Congress is mired in corruption. People are sick of Congress' misrule that has been riddled with all types of scams for the last seven-and-half years.\"Naik also refuted charges made against BJP of fielding a weak candidate in Rupesh Mahatme on account of some secret pact with the Congress, and exuded confidence that Mahatme will trounce chief minister Digambar Kamat. \"These are all mind games played by our opponents. We urge the people not to fall prey to such political gimmicks. Rupesh Mahatme enjoys our full support and we are confident that he will win the Margao seat,\" said Naik.\"The fact that there are four candidates pitted against the chief minister is an indication of the disenchantment among the people of Margao over a range of issues-Goa's rampant destruction, illegal mining, SEZs, regional plan, etc. Our hopes of victory have only brightened,\" Naik said.Mesquita, reacting to the remarks of PWD minister Churchill Alemao that the BJP is dividing the Catholic vote in Navelim by supporting his rival independent candidate, attributed Alemao's outburst to \"his nervousness\".\"The Catholics, Muslims and Hindus have all realized that all talk of secularism and communalism is only to fool the people. People have decided to bring a BJP government to power. Churchill has known the strength of the BJP as he experienced it during the last elections,\" Mesquita said.Sharmad Raiturcar, Pandurang 'Bhai' Nayak, besides Mahatme, were present at the press briefing.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933247", "title": "What\u2019s the policy on illegal buildings, asks HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the state government to disclose its decision on the recommendations submitted by the Justice S Mohan Committee. The first bench has asked the government to communicate its policy decision, after considering the report, within six weeks.Passing orders on a batch of public interest writ petitions and pleas questioning the sealing of unauthorized constructions on Friday, the bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam also asked the government to maintain status quo with regard to the buildings which were 'de-sealed' as per the Supreme Court orders.In effect, it means that the 'de-sealed' buildings will remain open for a period of eight weeks, by which time the state government will come out with its decision accepting or rejecting Justice Mohan Committee report.By an order dated June 1, 2007, the previous DMK government formed the-member committee headed by Justice S Mohan, a retired judge of the Supreme Court. It was asked to suggest suitable amendments to the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act in order to regulate developmental activities better. The committee, which had a total of 33 sittings, submitted its report to the state government in July 2010. The key recommendation of the committee is insertion of a new provision, Section 113C, giving power to the government to exempt any building developed on or before July 1, 2007, subject to fulfillment of certain conditions in the guidelines.For the first time since the epic legal battle between civic action groups and owners of unauthorized builders began several years ago, the Tamil Nadu government informed the high court last month that it was considering amendments to the development control laws and that it would need some time to convey its decision to the court.\"It appears for the first time the state government on affidavit submitted that the recommendations made by the committee are under consideration and a decision will be taken soon. Though no time has been indicated within which the government would take a decision, the advocate-general submits that the government may be given four weeks to enable it to take a decision and place it before the court,\" the judges said. \"We are inclined to allow six weeks time to the government to take a decision on the recommendations of the committee and file an affidavit before this court as to the decision taken,\" they added.Pointing out that the petitioners' counsel had claimed that there were more than 3.5 lakh buildings which are either unauthorized or built in deviation of development rules, the judges asked the CMDA and Chennai corporation to file an affidavit detailing the number of such buildings, and whether lock and seal notices were issued to or acknowledged by the building owners.The bench then adjourned the matter to April 2, 2012 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11931846", "title": "MBA girl takes to robbery to pay dowry", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a desperate act to meet the dowry requirements ahead of her wedding, an MBA student along with her mother made a vain bid to rob a housewife of her gold chain at APIIC colony, Kushaiguda on Friday.Kushaiguda police said that at around 11.30 am the mother-daughter duo - Rama Devi and Sharada - entered the residence of Kalpana, a housewife, in APIIC colony. Clad in burqas, they pushed Kalpana down and tried to snatch her gold chain.\"Kalpana managed to shout for help. The neighbours immediately came to her rescue and caught the two women ,\" Kushaiguda inspector V Srikanth Goud told TOI.In her confession, Sharada, a second year MBA student of Sai Sudheer College, Kushaiguda, said they had to pay a dowry of Rs one lakh to the bridegroom's family. Her wedding was scheduled for March 8.\"The duo hatched a plan to rob Kalpana as they knew she would be alone at home. They had kept tabs and found out that her husband left early and returned home late at night,\" police said.Until a few months ago they used to reside in the vicinity of Kalpana's house and hence knew her movements. Presently, the accused are residents of Kamalapuri colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11932492", "title": "Biometric identity cards for all autorickshaws, all-time display a must", "text": "GURGAON: To keep a check on autorickshaws, city traffic police have started online registration of three-wheelers. Launching the drive on Friday, DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora distributed such cards to 60 drivers, which have to be displayed on the front mirror.The card carries the name of the auto owner, his contact details, a unique ID number, licence number and biometric details of the owner as well as the driver. \"At present, there is no mechanism to keep tabs on autos. The database will be handy in cases of accidents and crime,\" said Arora. The initiative will also empower commuters as they will know details of the driver. In case of cheating or misbehaviour, it will be easy to trace the driver. Besides, the biometric registration will also weed out the 'fake' owners.Hamari Suraksha, a private firm which has been given a contract for this, said that a database of over 2,000 auto-rickshaws has already been prepared. \"We will complete the distribution of cards within 45 days,\" said Ankit Trikha, manager of Hamari Suraksha. Each registration costs Rs 50.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933413", "title": "Watt the hell! 1 more hour of cut likely", "text": "CHENNAI: Prepare for additional power cuts in the city. The one-hour daily power cut in the city will be extended by another hour as part of a plan to reduce outages in districts from eight hours to five hours every day.At a high-level meeting chaired by chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday to review the power scenario in the state, TNEB officials explained that severe power shortage left the utility with no option but to increase scheduled power cuts in Chennai.The board will soon officially announce the power outage increase. The two-hour outage is likely to be imposed in hour-long cuts at different times of the day.During the meeting, the board also suggested that power be purchased from private players in other states or ways be found to settle its dues of Rs 10,000 crore to energy producers within the state so power can be acquired from them, sources said.Officials also discussed the situation in rural areas, particularly in the southern and western parts of the state, where protests over lengthy outages threaten to spiral into a law and order problem.TNEB officials have identified private producers in other states from whom the board proposes to purchase around 400MW to bridge the state's 4,000MW demand-production gap. \"We don't want to take a hasty decision because the cost of power is high in some states,\" secretariat sources said.Officials said they expect partial relief if 400MW is purchased from private parties and the Centre supplies 100MW to Tamil Nadu as announced on Thursday. They said the situation will improve only when wind power generation starts in May. \"Between May and October we will get between 1,000MW and 2,500MW from windmills across the state,\" an official said.Purchase of power would mean additional expenditure for TNEB. \"Banks are seeking government guarantees to extend loans to TNEB as the board's credit rating is poor. The government may bail the board out as this is the most serious crisis the state faces,\" a source said.Power demand in Tamil Nadu is around 12,000MW, but the state generates 7,500MW. With an early onset of summer this year, electricity consumption is expected to increase rapidly in the coming weeks.Intelligence sources said the power problem is likely to have an impact on the Sankarankoil by elections scheduled in March. \"People are frustrated and we expect it will have impact on voting,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11931733", "title": "Child workers rescued from court complex", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three child labourers were rescued from the Karkardooma court complex in east Delhi on Friday. Two of them were found at a tea stall within the court premises while the third was found in an automobile rescue shop outside the court. One of the employers was also arrested.\"I have been repairing motorcycles for the last six months for which I get Rs 20 per day. I don't get a holiday and I live with my maternal uncle,\" said one of the rescued workers, a 12-year-old orphaned boy, who has two younger brothers. He was brought to Delhi by his maternal uncle, who got him employed him at the automobile repair shop. A penalty of Rs 20,000 was imposed on his employer.The rescued children would work for over 10 hours a day with one of them working for over three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11933916", "title": "New dean of IIBM appointed", "text": "PATNA: Professor Gaurav Singh has been appointed as the new dean of the Indian Institute of Business Management (IIBM), Patna. IIBM Society director general (DG) U K Singh said that Gaurav brings with himself wide-ranging background from industry and academics.\"He is a superb choice for the IIBM due to his strong ties with premier educational institutes and industry,\" he added. Gaurav holds masters degree in management from the IIM, Kolkata, and BTech from IIT Delhi. He has around nine years of experience in investment management and has worked for JP Morgan as equity analyst in Mumbai.He is involved in real estate, health care, restaurants and brings in a lot of experience in working with beginners. This combination of experience and knowledge will be of great importance to existing faculty and students, the IIBM DG said and added that the IIBM Patna is working on improving its linkages with industry and bringing innovation in management education in the state.The institution plans to start an incubation centre to promote entrepreneurship in the state and include researchbased pedagogy in regular two years PGDM programme recognized by the AICTE, New Delhi, he said. IIBM director A K Nayak and executive director Rohit Singh welcomed Gaurav and his idea of inculcating Participant Centered Learning which involves the students in solving real life problems with the help of concepts and principles learned during their study period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11938984", "title": "'I had Vidya in my mind while writing 'Kahaani'", "text": "She became a best-selling author with her debut novel 'Almost Single'.She then turned scriptwriter with Ranbir Kapoor-Priyanka Chopra starrer Anjaana-Anjaani. Author Advaita Kala is now looking forward to her next film 'Kahaani' (as a script writer) which will see Vidya Balan playing the main protagonist.Kahaani, which is directed by Sujoy Ghosh of 'Aladin' fame, will see a completely new avatar of Vidya, who has now carved a niche for herself in the Hindi film industry for her stellar performances in films like 'Pareenita', 'Paa', 'Ishqiya' and 'The Dirty Picture'.Talking about Kahaani, Advaita says, \"Kahaani is a telling story. It's a story about a strong woman protagonist. It's a thriller. I am afraid I will not be able to spill much about the story line. I am just hoping that people will enjoy watching this film.\"The writer says she developed the character keeping Vidya in mind and always knew that the actress will do the role. The film is releasing next month. \"I thought of Vidya as the 'hero' of my film even before 'The Dirty Picture' was released. I believe in telling stories about strong women. Evan 'Anjaana-Anjaani' had a very strong female voice. The story of Anjaani was as powerful as Anjaana. I have been lucky to have strong and powerful actors like Priyanka Chopra and Vidya Balan essaying my characters on screen. I take it as a compliment and I see it as a validation of myself as a writer.\"As a writer, Advaita feels, \"The medium is irrelevant for me. I have to say that it has not been a linear literary journey for me. I enjoy writing. Every story finds its own way and I am happy to be part of that process.\"Does she feel that Bollywood is now taking its scripts seriously? She says, \"Not really. Bollywood still has a long way to go so far as scripts are concerned. Lots of films are made from a male perspective. The women's stories are not really represented well. Bollywood needs to look stories told by women. And yes, the copyright laws have to be taken seriously.\"So, would she like to see her much successful debut novel Almost Single being made into a film? She laughs and says, \"I'm like a possessive mother. The book can give a reader his/her own imagination. When you turn a book into film, you put an end to that. So, I will be happy to have Almost Single only as a book.\"Almost Single got its share of recognition and fame as chick lit. And today, the Indian publishing industry is witnessing chick lit growing at a fast pace. Talking about it she says, \"The genre and I have evolved together. I have seen it grow and today there are so many women who are telling their stories. The urban female experience is finally finding it voice. Today, there is a space for narratives by women and it makes me happy\"So, what's on her writing agenda now? \"Right now, I m doing a novel version of 'Kahaani'. And I am also doing a series of novellas (taking off from where I left 'Almost Single').\"In the midst of writing powerful scripts, novellas, when is she planning to say good-bye to her single status? She laughs and says, \"I want to marry a feminist.\" And then adds, \"Please make sure that men can also be feminists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933694", "title": "India lagging behind in achieving Millennium Development Goals: ADB", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is not faring too well on achieving the Millennium Development Goals, a new report by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has noted. Out of the 22 parameters that the ADB studied, it was found that India made appreciable improvement on six counts and was labelled an early achiever. Though it was on track on three counts, it was falling behind in other parameters.Considering that India has registered one of the highest economic growths in the past several years, the results underline a rising disparity in the society. The ADB study is limited to countries in the Asia-Pacific.On reducing the proportion of underweight children below five years, India has done worse than even least developed countries like Bangladesh and Afghanistan .The report suggests that at current rates of improvement, India would be home to 47,592,000 under-five underweight children.The progress in reducing mortality in children below five years too has been slower than expected, and India has been a laggard compared to countries like Timor Leste, the Maldives and Mongolia . India would witness 7,716,700 child deaths between 2011 and 2015.India is also behind most countries on maternal mortality, and has not done enough to catch up with small countries like Bhutan . However, India is track to expand the antenatal care.The causes for the slow progress, the report suggests, could be due to income disparities in these countries. India has the highest proportion of poor living below $1.25 per day with only Uzbekistan and Nepal faring worst in the Asia-Pacific region. Also India shows one of the lowest per capita expenditure on health among the countries studied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "11932643", "title": "Gang loots jewellery store", "text": "HOOGHLY: A gang of robbers raided a jewellery store on Bandel Station Road in Hooghly on Friday night. The miscreants beat up one of the employees and looted about three carat of gold ornaments. A probe has been initiated. from the store. A probe has been initiated.Around 9:30pm on Friday, the gang forced into the store by hurling bombs. and entered the store. some miscreants entered into the store hurling bombs.One of the staffers tried to resist, but was beaten up by the gang. as the gang members beat him up.Taking the others at gunpoint, the gang went on a looting spree before firing in the air to escape. They then stranded the rest of the staff on gun point and looted about three carat of gold jewellery from the store before escaping by firing indiscriminately on the air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11936989", "title": "Political rallies throw traffic out of gear", "text": "KANPUR: The city is reeling under frequent traffic jams due to the political rallies, marches and road shows these days. Traffic snarls were reported from various areas after restrictions were put on roads for the PM's and CM's political rallies.Long traffic jams were reported from areas like Tatmill, GT Road, by-pass highway, VIP Road, BadaChauraha, Ramadevi, Jajmau, P Road and many more.The traffic on the Express Roads came to a virtual standstill for a couple of hours to give smooth way to the political leaders. The long queues of cars and two-wheelers for canvassing and rallies caused traffic jams.Sachin, a commuter, who was stuck in traffic jam, said: \"It is ridiculous. We were caught in the jam for more than an hour. The political leaders and their supporters should show concern for the common man.\"The police should have regulated and diverted the traffic. \"What is the point in using GT Road and overbridges when you get stuck for more than an hour?\" a motorist added.The denizens expressed anger on the careless approach of district administration and the traffic department for doing nothing to solve the problem.Richa, a board student, had to leave home half-an-hour early to reach her coaching center, while the return journey to home took more than an hour.Police claimed that efforts were made to ease traffic flow. An official said parking arrangements were made for the vehicles in political rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934068", "title": "Kerala carnival in city tomorrow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The many splendours of God's own country will be on display in the city on Sunday. The Ahmedabad Kerala Samajam (AKS) is organizing a mega cultural event, Kerala Kalotsavam, on February 19 at Andaaz Party Plot on S G Highway.Last held in 2007, the second edition of the cultural extravaganza will showcase Kerala's traditional art forms like Kathakali, Mohiniattam, Theyyam, Ottanthullal among others. Also on offer will be samplings of the state's fabled cuisine. A unique feature of this event will be the high participation of women in cultural activities. Thiruvathira Kali, a dance form, will be performed by over 100 female artists simultaneously, while the Singari Melam, an orchestra of percussion instruments, will be conducted by an all-women troupe. tnnAlso on the itinerary is a ritualistic dance Pookavadi Aatam by specialized performers from Kerala. While danseuse Mrinalini Sarabhai will grace the event, there will also be a sprinkling of stardust, with artists from the Malayalam film and entertainment industry lending support. The aim of Kalotsavam, according to AKS president Mohanan Nambiar is to help the younger generation acquaint themselves with Kerala's cultural legacy and also enable the local population to understand Malayali traditions, thus bringing the two communities closer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932745", "title": "Didi's protests raise Mulayam Singh's stock, leave Congress worried", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's decision to lead the political grouping against National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) deepened fears in the Congress about her intent, coming as it did in the back of her vigorous efforts to embarrass UPA-II on policy front, ranging from international diplomacy like the Teesta accord to anti-graft measure like Lokpal bill to step-motherly treatment to her debt-ridden state.As the Centre fended off accusations of NCTC violating the federal setup, Banerjee stood out among the expected protesters like regional satraps Nitish Kumar , Jayalalithaa and Chandrababu Naidu. The fears were confirmed when Congress firefighter Pranab Mukherjee on Friday lavished praise on UPA's enfant terrible at a public function in Bengal, calling her a \"mass leader\" with \"people thronging where she went\".The desperate tone to soften the rebellious Trinamool leader comes amid fears that the mercurial leader was preparing the ground for drastic action, a worrying thought in the run-up to Budget session of Parliament. While her mutinous intent prompted Congress to rush Mukherjee with fulsome praise, it may just have made Congress vulnerable to pressures from Samajwadi Party on whom it is banking for the rescue act after UP polls.A wary Congress tried to insert the \"communalism\" bug to discourage \"third front type\" gang-up which also has \"secular\" claims like Banerjee, Kumar and Naidu. AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhary said these parties were part of the NDA that passed draconian laws. It was a reference to POTA that gained notoriety for its alleged \"anti-Muslim\" edge.While, AICC spokesman Manish Tewari recalled how similar brouhaha preceded the creation of the National Investigation Agency (NIA). \"But if one is to clinically analyze the functioning of NIA, it has proved to have the capacity to investigate into matters which essentially seemed at a dead end.\" He appeared referring to alleged acts of \"RSS terror\" like the Samjhauta Express and Malegaon blasts.But despite the attempt to scare Banerjee by flagging her saffron past, Congress was apprehensive of what may follow. It was felt that her protests on Lokpal, NCTC, and Teesta have the common thread of \"anti-federalism\", leading to a belief that she was looking to become the face of a 'cause celebre' for regional parties. It could be a step towards the \"third front\".Trinamool minister Sultan Ahmed sought to play down the development by saying there was no intent to destabilize the Centre but only an attempt to safeguard Bengal's interests.Congress quarters wondered if it was a coincidence that Chidambaram was back in the rival crosshairs just after he came out of the 2G quagmire. An insider said it could be a concerted bid to keep the home minister on the defensive, with the theory obviously pointing a finger at party factions.The most significant impact of NCTC row on Congress could be in neutralizing the vociferous denials to a post-poll tie-up with SP. While Congress sources have said a switch from Banerjee to Mulayam Singh Yadav was possible after March 6, it was largely on the projection where Congress would be indispensable for SP in government formation in Lucknow. However, Banerjee's threat to bolt from the UPA stable could bring parity in their desperation, giving Yadav as much bargaining handle as Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933218", "title": "Govt nod for Rs 333cr road work", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has approved 333.27 crore for construction of roads in the extended areas of the city under the Chennai mega city development mission. The government has told the corporation to take up the works immediately.On Friday, the state government sanctioned works on 360 roads with a length of 175.36km in the extended areas of the Tiruvottiyur, Manali, Madhavaram, Ambattur, Valasaravakkam, Alandur, Perungudi and Sholinganallur zones.The proposed road-grids will be constructed with integrated footpaths, ducts for cables, streetlights, street furniture and integrated storm water drains. The state government will give 308 crore, while the corporation will have to spend 25.2 crore.The state government has appointed the Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructural Financial Services Limited (TNUIFSL) as the nodal agency for implementing the projects under the mission.In August, the government had announced 500 crore for the projects to be taken up by the corporation and the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11934391", "title": "They love their green fields", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Narpal Singh, 61-year-old industrialist of Model Town, gets the glint in his eyes whenever he sees his gardens, which has all ornamental plants, roses, marigold, swing and even artificial waterfall. Says Iqbal Kaur, 59, wife of Narpal Singh, \"We have two gardens in our home, one in the front measuring more than 1,000 square feet and the other in the backyard measuring around the same. In the front garden, besides ornamental plants and flowers, we have waterfall also where my son Gurpreet Singh, 35, and grandson Ryan, 4, love to play. We also have a sculpture having three small kids sitting on a slider in the front garden.\"In their front garden, they have ornamental plants, including bottle palm areca palm, comb palm, money plant, cinnamon and cardamom plants, crotons of various shades, flowers like marigold, wild rose and miniature rose, and also pansy flowers. \"The huge bushes of bougainvillea (red, pink and white colour) in the front garden ensure that no one enter from outside into our home. We have selection number one grass in the lawn of front garden. In the backyard garden besides ornamental plants, some fruits trees and flowers, we have a swing on which we relax and spend time together. We have fruit trees, including guava, mango and ornamental orange. Korean grass adds to the beauty of our lawn in the backyard,\" she says.The front garden is mostly used by them during winters while backyard garden is a perfect place for them to relax during the summers. \"We also cook barbeque dishes in the backyard garden during winters and have it there only,\" adds Iqbal Kaur.Cheena, her daughter-in-law, says, \"It is so much refreshing to sit in the gardens. It feels like heaven. We are lucky to have two gardens. My son Ryan also loves plants and greenery and plays in the gardens.\"Narpal Singh is a big fan of old music and loves to listen to soothing numbers sitting in the garden while reading books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933318", "title": "MCC health panel visits hospital", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation has started taking measures to prevent water-borne diseases in the city, according to officials. The corporation authorities on Friday visited Gopalgowda Shantaveri Hospital following reports of increasing number of jaundice cases in and around Nazarbad and Jalpuri over the past seven days. About 10 persons were tested positive for jaundice.Speaking to TOI, MCC health standing committee president K V Mallesh said water samples from Nazarbad and Jalpuri had been sent to the laboratory and the report would be obtained by Saturday. \"People may have fallen ill after consuming water from unclean sumps,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11932547", "title": "Independent floors: 4 builders get notice", "text": "GURGAON: The enforcement wing of the department of town and country planning has issued a show-cause notice to four developers in the city for violating norms under zoning regulations and licences issued before 2009 by selling independent floors.The show-cause notice has been issued to four major builders - Malibu Towne, Mayfield Gardens, Ardee City and Unitech Ltd. According to the district town planner (enforcement) office, the builders had been issued a notice in May-June last year to \"apply for completion certificates in their projects and submit pending fees in retrospective effect\".However, according to the DTP (enforcement), the builders failed to comply despite getting time for the same. \"Since there was no policy to confirm sale of independent floors prior to July 2009, the licences issued had mentioned clearly that no builder should horizontally or vertically divide a plot being sold in their projects. However, they not only sold independent floors as violation of the licence issued but also got completion certificates on single names for each plot while there were three occupants on each,\" said Dilbagh Singh, DTP (enforcement).In July 2009 the state had issued a policy making registration of independent floors legal. However, since this was a compoundable offence, the department had asked the defaulting builders to pay a compounding rate and get floor-wise completion. \"The builders were asked to pay a one-time compounding rate of Rs 1,000 per sq-ft per floor. However, the builders failed to comply,\" added Singh.When asked how these properties might have been registered, Singh said the department concerned with property registrations never confirmed with the DTP office about the norms under which builders were issued licences.\"Unitech has always been in compliance with the regulations and guidelines stipulated by the statutory bodies. We haven't received the mentioned notice yet,\" said a Unitech official. SS Group (Mayfield Gardens) and Ardee City could not be reached despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11931994", "title": "MNS shows its Dadar-giri", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena is doing the victory lap after humbling the Congress at the civic level in a state ruled by that party, but Sena Bhavan has quite a few red faces. The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), formed six years ago on an anti-Sena plank, won wards 181, 182, 183, 184, 185,186 and 187, home, among other Marathi landmarks, to Sena Bhavan itself.On Friday, Raj Thackeray's party swept the Sena bastions-Marathi heartland areas of Dadar, Mahim and Worli-managing to silence the tiger in its den. Besides the Sena headquarters, the areas house Shivaji Park and the residence of senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi . The defeats have left the Sena red-faced as it had fielded senior candidates like former Mumbai Mayor Milind Vaidya, Prakash Ayare and Jayashree Tare. The MNS had backed a mostly young coterie including Sandeep Deshpande, Virendra Tandel and Seema Shivalkar, all of whom won. \"This is the second blow to the Sena after our candidate Nitin Sardesai won the local assembly seat in 2009,\" said a senior MNS functionary.The two Thackeray cousins, Raj and Uddhav, have been raising the importance of the Marathi heartland in their poll speeches and rallies. While Raj alleged that development of the area has been ignored by the ruling party in the BMC, Uddhav had hit back by saying his cousin should take a tour of the area rather than going to Gujarat to see development.Save for its senior corporator Ramesh Korgaonkar, the MNS has also broken into Bhandup, a Sena stronghold, in a big way. The MNS candidates Anisha Majgaokar, Rupesh Vayangankar and Vaishnavi Sarfare won in wards 107, 108 and 109, comfortably defeating Sena candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11933554", "title": "Seven steel bombs recovered in Valayam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police on Friday recovered seven steel bombs from an uninhabited compound at Valayam near Nadapuram, which had witnessed clashes between the CPM and the IUML recently. The explosives were covered in a plastic bag and were dumped among the bushes at the compound owned by P P Subaida.The labourers who were clearing the compound spotted the bombs and informed the police. Valayam SI K Sajeevan and team rushed to the spot on hearing the news. Bomb detection and disposal squad was also pressed into service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11934270", "title": "ISM training", "text": "PATNA: International School of Management Patna (ISM Patna) under its 'Society Connect Initiative' completed the training of the first batch of free three-month 'Computer Literacy Programme' for poor schoolchildren of village Sarari, Danapur, in Patna district.The programme was launched on November 26, 2011, with the objective to impart fundamental knowledge of computers and Internet to the students, who do not have and cannot afford such facilities. ISM Patna dean Anindra Kumar Haldar said this literacy programme has been welcomed by the children and 15 students from nearby government schools have already registered their names for the second batch of the programme.The students were given training in basics of computers, Microsoft Office package, internet and its usage and other tools like paint, games and dictionary. Gajala, one of the girl participants, said the training helped her to learn the basics of computers and internet. T", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11931981", "title": "IT mantri takes over as Anam\u2019s BP falls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Finance ministers are excited at the prospect of reading out a budget which offers them a chance to hog the limelight, even if it is only once in a year. In such circumstances, it is not rare to find the heart palpitations and blood pressure of the finance minister rising while delivering the budget. But on Friday, AP's finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy's experience was different: his BP instead of rising actually fell and this forced the finance minister to suspend his speech.Unable to continue, the finance minister sat down and a confused chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy asked IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah to take over from Anam on an emergency basis. Ponnala read out the budget speech for a little over 10 minutes before the finance minister, a little better after popping a pill and drinking saline and glucose water, stood up once again to resume his innings.This was even as 11 TRS MLAS who were creating a ruckus were suspended for the day. But the opposition TDP MLAs took over the honours and started disrupting the budget speech throughout by shouting slogans. Finally, before the speech was completed, the TDP led by its leader Chandrababu Naidu walked out of the House.Earlier, before the assembly proceedings began for the day, TRS MLAs told the media that they would be writing to the Election Commission seeking the postponement of the budget presentation as bypolls to seven assembly seats in the state had just been announced a day earlier. However, the finance minister later clarified that the budget presentation did not come under the purview of the model code of conduct in place for the bypolls.On Friday morning, as soon as the assembly met for the day, the TRS members did not allow any business to be transacted. Demanding the adoption of a resolution in favor of Telangana, the members rushed to the well and surrounded the podium. Speaker Nadendla Manohar then adjourned the House for 30 minutes. TRS members have been raising the demand ever since the budget session commenced on Monday leading to adjournments. On Friday as well, Speaker Manohar disallowed the adjournment notice given by TRS and other parties.But when the House reconvened, TRS members T Harish Rao, Ch Ramesh, Somarapu Satyanarayana, K T Rama Rao, A Ravinder Reddy, Vinay Bhaskar, K Vidyasagar , K Sammaiah, K Eswar did not relent. The BJP and CPI members also joined TRS members in demanding the adoption of the T-resolution. Finally, the Speaker suspended the 11 TRS members from the House for the day.Following this, the CPI and BJP members raised slogans in favor of adoption of a resolution and staged a walkout in protest against the suspension of the TRS members. The TDP MLAs trooped into the House only when the budget presentation was about to commence and were the only opposition barring the MIM to be present when Anam delivered his budget speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858854", "title": "Meet India\u2019s bohemian lovers", "text": "Some of modern India's most celebrated cultural ambassadors are also protagonists in the greatest love stories. Times of India gets them to open their hearts, homes and albums to tell the tale of a love that's hard to explain.'I was too much in love... I really couldn't care' - Priyanka DasguptaSukanya Shankar has embraced husband and sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar's former partners and stepchildren to create a rare pastiche of love that she calls sacred. Aprivate joke between 92-year-old sitar legend Pandit Ravi Shankar and wife Sukanya goes like this: \"When I am gone, don't wait too long to be born again for me.\"The couple are 34 years apart. And that's not the only anomaly, at least by conservative standards, in this relationship. Their daughter, sitar player Anoushka Shankar , was born in 1981, eight years before they were married. Two years prior to that, he fathered a child, musician Norah Jones , with New York concert producer Sue Jones.\"Maybe, if Raviji was an ordinary man, my ego would have posed a problem. But he's special. I don't mind sharing him with everyone,\" says Sukanya over the phone from her New Delhi residence. The self-confessed follower of free love, Panditji was reportedly attracted to dancer Kamala Shastri while he was married to his first wife, Annapurna Devi. His marriage crumbled, and from 1967 to 1981, the couple lived together as man and wife. In 1972, Panditji met 18-year-old Sukanya Rajan, who often played the tanpura at his concerts, and was married herself. Anoushka was brought up by her mother who then worked at London's Westminster Bank. Shankar admits those were hard times. \"She (Anoushka) was a secret.\"Panditji, who had famously said in an interview that he could \"be in love with different women in different places. It was like having a girl in every port - and sometimes there was more than one!\" was upfront about his relationships, says Shankar. \"He was 58 then and told me he couldn't change. I realised I was too much in love... I really couldn't care. Even if he gave me a few days in a year, I was fine. That experience would help me tide over a whole year.\"Shankar says she has been curious about whether he was ever involved with a woman younger than her. \"He said there was but he wouldn't reveal her name!\"The trick, she says, was to love everything that was a part of Panditji. That perhaps explains the generosity with which she has embraced Jones, and Annapurna Devi's son, Shubhendra's children, Kaveri and Som. \"Raviji never had a real family life. He was too young when he was first married. When things crumbled, hurt, he took to touring abroad. He was a gypsy. Of course, there was Kamala aunty. But she too gave him freedom. I wanted to give him the home he never had.\"Shankar and Kamala Shastri, friends from before they met Panditji, continue to be close. \"She has showered me with all her love. She gave the best years of her life to Raviji. When she stayed over with us in Delhi two years ago, she told Raviji, 'You did the best thing by marrying her',\" Shankar recalls.Jones, Shankar describes as an attractive woman who she had met briefly. \"I was aware of Raviji's affair with her. There was a period of unpleasantness but I am glad she got over that phase. On Raviji's 90th birthday, Sue came down to our house in Encinitas. Norah had both, her mom and dad with her. That made me incredibly happy.\"In reply to Panditji's born-again plea, Shankar says she hopes they are blessed with an age difference in the next life too. \"Raviji is anything but boring. Not a single day goes by without him saying he loves me. There's still an attraction between us. Even today, one look from him sends a shiver down my spine.\"'Differences dissolve when we dance' - Purba DuttRaja Reddy, Kuchipudi dancer, is married to dancer sisters Radha and Kaushalya. You don't quite know what to expect when you put the trickiest question of the interview to Raja Reddy over the phone in Hyderabad, where he's performing at the 40th anniversary celebrations of Natya Tarangini, his Delhi-based dance institute.\"Double expenses,\" he says cheekily, puncturing the high-stress moment, following a query on the downside of bigamy.For the 68-year-old dance veteran, finding harmony in a marriage with two women is as easy, or challenging, as maintaining rhythm at a concert.Reddy married his first wife, Radha, in 1959 when he was 11 and she, his first cousin, was five. They were little children from a village in Telangana in Andhra Pradesh. Six years later, the teenager was sent to Hyderabad to start a new life with Reddy. A shared passion for dance saw the two learn Kuchipudi under famous guru Vedantam Prahlada Sarma. An offer to train in choreography, a few years later, made Reddy move to Delhi with his young wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "11933305", "title": "Teesta expert seeks more time", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee was miffed at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hogging all the limelight on the Teesta deal when the Ganga treaty had the imprimatur of Jyoti Basu on it.Mamata also believes she should have been given pride of place on the PM's plane to Dhaka, and not lumped with the north-eastern states' chief ministers.Since then Mamata has constituted a one-man review committee for the Teesta deal. Kalyan Rudra, an international water expert, was expected to give in his report to her by end-2011. But Rudra, who met the CM last week, has sought more time.The land boundary agreement including the swapping of enclaves has run into rough weather with the BJP opposing it, which might become a hurdle when the deal has to be ratified by Parliament. BJP opposes any transfer of territory. Some territory loss is inevitable in deals like this.Consequently, the PM has to expend considerable political capital to save his foreign policy because in the run-up to the visit last year, the government did not believe building political consensus was necessary. In end-January, NSA Shivshankar Menon had spoken to BJP leaders Arun Jaitley and Sushma Swaraj, but there is no indication of any softening there. According to the agreement, India will give up 111 enclaves in exchange for 55 enclaves from Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11933935", "title": "Dance festival at Siddharudha Mutt", "text": "HUBLI: On the occasion of Shri Siddharudha Swami's 175th birth anniversary and Gurunatharudha Swami's 100th birth anniversary, 175 bharatanatyam and folk artistes will perform 'Nrutyotsava' in front of Kailasa Mantapa in Siddharudha Mutt premises on February 19, said Manoj Hangal, founder president of Dr Gangubai Hangal Music Foundation.Speaking to mediapersons here on Friday, he said that a 22-minutes dance composed by Urmila Patra, Sahana Bhat, Shaila Hutagi, Vanita Mahale and Mehak Belgaum will be part of the event. The 175 artistes will perform dances for the famous songs of Shri Siddharudha Swami which were composed under the classical music.The dance programme will be inaugurated by High Court Justice K S Sridhar Rao and Justice K Nataraj of Dharwad district session court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933238", "title": "Cop suspended for cheating man", "text": "MYSORE: A constable attached to Mysore south police station has been suspended pending an enquiry on Friday. He has been accused of cheating a government job aspirant.SP R Dileep confirmed the suspension of constable Mahadev. Meanwhile, a probe has been ordered into the alleged assault against the job aspirant Manjunath in the police station. In-charge additional superintendent of police Anand has been asked to investigate the incident, the SP added.Constable Mahadev has been accused of cheating Manjunath, 25, of Doddakanya of Rs 2 lakh on the pretext of getting him a government job. Manjunath claimed that he had paid him money two years ago. When all his dreams of getting a government job failed, Manjunath attempted suicide by consuming a poisonous liquid at his residence recently. Later, he was treated at Krishna Rajendra Hospital.Following the incident, a case was registered against the constable and his associate Javaregowda at Mysore south police station. SP Dileep said the duo has been booked for cheating and the case is under investigation.Fresh Trouble For PoliceMeanwhile, barely a day after Manjunath was discharged from Krishna Rajendra Hospital, he was again admitted to a private hospital allegedly following an incident of assault against him by police personnel attached to Mysore south police station.Police commissioner K L Sudheer told TOI that they have received a complaint that Manjunath was manhandled by police personnel of Mysore south police station and it is being investigated. Nazarbad police are investigating the case of assault. Mysore south police station building comes under Nazarbad limits.Meanwhile, Manjunath is in the ICU at Apollo Hospital and city police are waiting to record his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11931916", "title": "Cong MPs worried about 2014 polls", "text": "MUMBAI: Being his home town, BJP president Nitin Gadkari had taken keen interest in campaigning. \"We don't have a clear majority in Nagpur, but with the help of smaller parties and independents, we will secure control over the corporation,\" a senior party leader said.Interestingly, while in the Nagpur corporation of 145 seats, the BJP secured 62 and the Shiv Sena six, the Bahujan Samaj Party obtained 12 seats. The Mayawati-led BSP has also made inroads into pockets like Amravati. Similarly, the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has also gained new ground in pockets like Nashik where it has emerged as the leading party with 40 of the 122 seats.Solapur, the home town of Union power minister Sushikumar Shinde, also witnessed a keen fight between the Congress and NCP. Now, although the Congress has emerged as the single largest party, it will have to knock at the doors of the NCP to secure control over the corporation. In the house of 102, the Congress secured 45 seats and the NCP 16. Some senior NCP leaders have drafted a plan to keep the Congress away from power by joining hands with the Shiv Sena, BJP and other parties, often described as the 'Pune pattern' in political circles. But it appears that Ajit Pawar has stepped in to ensure that the Congress-NCP alliance comes to powerIn Akola, where the corporation was dissolved following rampant corruption, independents hold the key.In Ulhasnagar, the saffron combine is expected to gain control over the civic body. The elections threw up a hung verdict, with all eyes now on the Secular Alliance of India (SAI) party. With eight corporators, the party will have to decide whether to support the Congress-NCP or the Shiv-BJP. The Congress-NCP won 28 seats and Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI 34. Pappu Kalani (Independent) and his wife Jyoti (NCP) were among the winners.Although chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and senior NCP leader and home minister R R Patil observed that the outcome of the civic and zilla parishad polls would have no bearing on the outcome of the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls, there were no takers for their argument. \"We don't accept their contention. In our opinion, the outcome will certainly have a bearing on the next assembly and Lok Sabha polls. In view of the dismal performance of the Congress-NCP, we will have to redraft our strategy for the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha elections,\" a Congress MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11934263", "title": "CPI-ML to protest verdict in Amausi carnage case", "text": "PATNA: The CPI-ML will organize a march to the state assembly on the inaugural day of budget session on February 21, demanding \"justice\" for the 14 convicts in the Khagaria district's Amausi massacre case. The party will observe the day as \"protest day\" throughout the state in protest against the death sentence to ten and life term to four persons in the case recently.Addressing a press conference here on Friday, party general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya and central committee member Dhirendra Jha said the court judgment was an example of \"skewed justice\". Claiming that those convicted were \"innocent\", they said the police probe could not reach the \"real mastermind\" behind the massacre. Terming the ongoing three-day global summit as \"sheer wastage of public money\", Bhattacharya said the government did not have \"tangible achievements\" to show to the world. \"Government money is being misused for publicity.\"He said the Nitish Kumar government had held a global summit during its first tenure, ostensibly to attract investments that never came. \"This time, by the government's own admission, the summit isn't aimed to woo investors but to showcase the changes in Bihar ,\" he said.During the NDA-1 regime in Bihar, the condition of roads and the law and order situation somewhat improved. But now the roads have become dilapidated and the law and order situation is deteriorating, the ML chief said. \"The government has failed on the issues of poverty alleviation and employment generation. It has also failed to check police atrocities,\" he said. Bhattacharya extended his party's support to the central trade unions' call for nationwide strike on February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934413", "title": "Faulty EIAs cleared way for mining, says Gadgil panel", "text": "PANAJI: Citing a deficit in green governance, the Western Ghats ecology experts panel (WGEEP) has blamed serious lapses in environment impact assessments (EIAs) to obtain clearance for projects for serious ecological and socio-economic damage in the eco-fragile region.Criticism of EIAs by the panel headed by Madhav Gadgil is confirmation of the deep resentment among stakeholders, especially in mining areas in Goa about what they allege as farcical EIAs presented by the project proponents and process of public hearings to clear mining leases.\"The EIAs are particularly weak in the sections on biodiversity and socio-economic issues,\" the 150-page report submitted by the panel to the Union ministry of environment (MOEF) has stated. The 18-member panel has given a series of concrete examples of poor environmental governance, stating that the consultancy firms preparing EIAs end up as advocacy agents to push down projects overriding environmental and socio-economic concerns.Citing the case of the distorted EIA for mining in Devapon Dongar of Cavrem village in Quepem taluka, the panel pointed out that the report had stated there are no water courses in the lease area.But a site visit by the panel members proved that the EIA had provided false information.NGOs, citizens and activists had criticized the farcical EIAs and public hearings for mining projects at WGEEP round table in Goa on September 27, 2010 at NIO.Stating that it has observed illegal mining in Goa, the panel said that it is both in terms of no clearances obtained, fraudulent EIAs \"and/or flouting of conditions of environmental clearances\".The problem arises because EIAs are drafted by agencies employed by project proponents. \"Therefore they are under tremendous pressure to tweak the information so as to facilitate clearance,\" the report points out. Consultancy firms, and even government labs, fall prey in meeting the requirements of the project proponents, who engage their services on remunerative basis.The environmental and social impacts of transport of ore by trucks on roads and by barges on rivers and ships on sea have been ignored.EIAs also often downgrade the importance of the wind-swept lateritic plateaus of the Western Ghats with sparse or stunted vegetation. \"These plateaus are very rich in biodiversity\" and \"are, for their size, the country's richest repository of endemic plant species,\" the report states.Other examples of faulty EIAs provided are those that have ignored bivalve production on tidal mudflats south of Goa in Aghanashini estuary of Uttara Kannada, Karnataka. A study has revealed that the annual value of shell fish production was Rs 5.6 crore.Objections raised by villagers during hearings on mining in Kalne in Maharashtra, near Goa's border and likely pollution of Kalne river and adverse impact on water supply scheme on this river at Chandel in Goa were ignored.EIAs also overlooked adverse impacts of transmission lines from power projects crossing over mango and cashew orchards, as well as forests on Western Ghats, said the report.WGEEP has suggested a moratorium on issuing of new mining leases and phasing out of all leases and in the interim, detailing the assistance of scientific agencies such as national institute of oceanography (NIO) to monitor the ecological damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11937048", "title": "Maya misused funds for rural health: Manmohan", "text": "KANPUR: Attacking the Mayawati government ahead of the fourth phase of polling in Uttar Pradesh, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday minced no words in charging it with misuse of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) funds as well as neglecting development of the state.Addressing his first election rally here at the Motijheel ground, the Prime Minister accused the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government of \"misusing funds released by the UPA government for the common man and overall development of the state\". \"The Central government provided assistance to the state under the NRHM so that health facilities reach the needy in villages, but it is very sad that this important scheme too has gone haywire in UP.\"Recounting the glorious past of the state and its contribution in the task of \"nation-building\", the Prime Minister expressed his anguish at the \"way things have rotten in UP, mainly during the past 22 years after the Congress was voted out of power\". \"Whether it was politics, education, economy or literary field, UP was earlier considered as the number one state, but now it is trailing behind other states in many fields,\" the Prime Minister said adding, \"the Maya government has failed to utilize Central funds for improving the condition of the masses. This has left me deeply hurt.\"The Prime Minister was also critical of the Maya government's \"partisan approach\" towards the Industrial town, which, he said, was once known as the \"Manchester of East but is now crying for attention\". Most of the textile mills here have closed down rendering lakhs of people jobless. The standard of education has gone down. Non-Congress governments in UP have neglected the city, he said. \"Though the Centre launched a number of plans for development of Kanpur as well as other cities, they were always obstructed by the BSP-ruled government,\" he said adding, \"the non-Congress governments which held the power in the state during the last 22 years, did not pay attention either to governance or the problems of masses,.\"Promising that \"we would work with greater strength for UP's development if the Congress is voted to power\", the Prime Minister urged the people to vote for change. \"The situation is bad. Most of the sugar mills in the state are either closed or have been sold to private owners. There were nearly 32 spinning mills, but most of then are now non-functional,\" he said.Asserting that the Centre did its best when it came to providing funds to UP, the Prime Minister listed schemes like MNREGA, PMGSY, NRHM and several other plans under which over Rs 1 lakh were given to the BSP-ruled state.\"While the Congress-led Centre was liberal in its allocations, the BSP government completely ignored UPA'S mission in fully implementing the projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA),\" Singh said.Under the NRHM, the Union government had facilitated the state government with the maximum monetary support, but the money was wasted by the Maya government, the PM said.He observed, \"UP can only become a leader when each and every person is given a share in progress. It's only possible when the poor and needy, small farmers and those who are not financially sound, become a part of development of the state.\"The Prime Minister pointed out that though Rs 17,000 crore was allocated for Bundelkhand and Rs 9,000 crore was given to the state under the Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yojna, not much has changed. He also listed initiatives taken by the Centre for betterment of the people. \"At least Rs 1,685 crore was given for a coach factory in Rae Bareli, Rs 24,000 crore for building roads by the NHAI, Food Security Bill was passed in Lok Sabha , minority students were given scholarships and efforts were made to improve the condition of madrssa teachers. Similarly, the Union government waived off farmer's loans to the tune of Rs 8,200 crore,\" he said.He also reminded the people of the launch of 109 new trains, extension in services of nearly 45 trains, construction of 73 railway stations as model railway stations, renovation of 62 railway stations, eight new rail services and conversion of the Kanpur-Farrukhabad-Kasganj-Mathura rail section into broad gauge, besides construction of a bridge at Jajmau and Rs 1137 crore grant for increasing the production of sugar. The Prime Minister also appreciated Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi for \"visiting villages in order to get a feel of the problems of the rural folk and to discover things that could help him in his mission of developing UP.\"\"I am confident the Congress would win the UP elections under the leadership of Sonia Gandhi and Rahul. The party will form the next government in the state under their leadership and the state will chart a new course of development,\" he said while exhorting the people to vote for Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11934348", "title": "Ruchika\u2019s heart lies in educating little ones", "text": "DUGRI: Ruchika Arora had no need to venture into the ''unknown'' field of education but the desire to bring quality learning into her city left her no choice except to dive straight in. She has started Cherubs, a pre-school for kids between one-and-a-half and four-and-a-half years old in Dugri Phase-II, and is getting ready for the admission process.A resident of Dugri, Ruchika said after completing graduation from Government College for Women in 1995 she joined her family business of exporting cycle parts. After doing business for about 10 years she felt her life was not going the way she wanted it to and she was not content with her work. So Ruchika thought of studying BEd and getting into the education world. She also got a teacher's job in Ryan International School.''After working for four years in the school I left that job and went back to the family business. But, during a business trip to the US in 2010 I visited a school and observed that there is a lot of difference between the education in schools of US and in India. I promised myself to open a pre-school,\" said Ruchika. In the morning she used to go to the factory and in the evening work on opening the school.''I wanted to present something unique to Ludhianvis so I tied up with a company to provide smart classrooms. All the furniture and teaching aids are from different countries,'' she said, adding that she is also providing daycare facilities so that working parents don't have to fret over who will take care of their children after 2pm. Far from opposing her or getting upset that she had left the family business, Ruchika's family has been her steady support. ''Their faith in me has pushed me on whenever I felt I could not go on,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932005", "title": "Thumping win helps Sena tighten grip on BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Thackeray magic has cast its spell on Mumbai yet again, with the 'maha-yuti' (the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI alliance) annexing 108 seats in the 227-strong BMC House. The 'maha-yuti' has retained its hold over the cash-rich BMC for the fourth consecutive term, tearing the Congress-NCP alliance to pieces.\"Mumbaikars have reposed their trust in the 'maha-yuti',\" a beaming Uddhav Thackeray told media persons at Sena Bhavan as the poll results were released on Friday. \"We will strain every nerve to improve Mumbai's civic infrastructure and give a better life to Mumbaikars.\"The Sena actually won less seats than in 2007 -- 75 to 83 - but the manner of victory after the pre-poll jitters underlined the confidence Mumbai has reposed in the Sena-BJP alliance.Jubilant Shiv Sainiks broke into a 'dhinchak' mood to the beat of drums near Sena Bhavan, even as newly elected Sena candidates made a beeline to party headquarters to greet Uddhav. The Sena executive president posed for pictures with wife Rashmi and sons Aditya and Tejas in tow. Later, Uddhav began talks with party strategists on the possible mayoral candidate. \"An effort will be made to bring a new face to the post,\" said a source close to Matoshree.Uddhav's organizational skills, a well-knit party set-up, unflinching support from Marathi Mumbaikars and chronic infighting in the city Congress helped the 'maha-yuti' reap a huge harvest in the Mumbai civic corporation, said observers. Sena chief Bal Thackeray's public meeting at the Bandra-Kurla Complex on Monday raised Sena hopes of trouncing the Congress-NCP alliance.The Mumbai Congress's pro-Hindi bias lent credence to the Sena's oft-repeated line that New Delhi plans to delink Mumbai from Maharashtra. Haunted by such fears, Marathis rallied behind the Sena in the party's hour of need, said Sena watchers.The smart ad campaign by Uddhav's son Aditya Thackeray - 'Karoon dakhavle' (We've done it and shown it) -- added to the Sena's USP, said MLA and senior Sena leader Subhash Desai. \"Our political rivals poured ridicule on 'Karoon dakhavle', but the catch-line inspired trust among our voters. 'Karun dakhavle' struck a positive note, which our voters liked, as opposed to the shrill slander campaign of our rivals,\" he added.The BJP's better showing - 32 seats as against 28 in 2007 -- should come as a pleasant surprise to the party, which was being written off by many, including a few senior Sena leaders. \"While the BJP was being riled by our rivals, we quietly worked out our strategy and concentrated on our campaign at the grassroots level,\" said Mumbai BJP chief Raj Purohit.Party functionary Atul Bhatkhalkar said the BJP profited from a subterranean anti-Congress sentiment among middle-class voters. \"BJP supporters came out in large numbers on Thursday to register their protest against the Congress. The Congress's move to ink a poll pact with the NCP in Mumbai helped crystallize the anti-Congress feeling,'' Bhatkhalkar added.Quite a few BMC veterans of the Sena -- mayor Shraddha Jadhav, former mayor Shubha Raul , Sunil Prabhu and Rahul Shevale -- have been returned to the civic body, while some, like Rajul Patel and former Mumbai mayor Milind Vaidya, couldn't make it to the BMC. Sena rebel Raja Chowgule's defeat will bring comfort to the Sena. BJP veterans such as Shaila Girkar and Mohan Mithbaokar won election. The party suffered a setback in Vile Parle, where rebel Jyoti Alvani trounced the official BJP nominee by a 4,000-plus margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11932462", "title": "Insurance firm branch head, her colleague booked for fraud", "text": "GURGAON: The Sector-56 police have lodged an FIR against the branch head of an insurance company and her colleague for alleged fraud. The accused had allegedly made fake papers and taken Rs 26,000 extra from a client, whose car was already insured. According to the police, one Vivek Kumar, a resident of Sector 54, filed a complaint against the branch head of Iffco Tokiyo Insurance Company, located in Sector 56, and her colleague.Vivek said that he met the company's branch head, Preeti Kamboj, and her junior colleague, Govind Sahni, last year to get his car insured. While Vivek said that he paid a premium of Rs 1,66,336, he found out later that the actual amount was Rs 1,39,834. He alleged that he was duped of about Rs 26,000 in the process. The accused even gave him fake insurance papers. He then approached the economic offences wing of the city police and, subsequently, Sector 56 police lodged an FIR against Kamboj and Sahni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932569", "title": "NCP leads Pune, BJP Nagpur", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai and Thane municipal corporation results saw a clear win for the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party and a rout for the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party alliance. But the future of most other corporations across Maharashtra which went to the polls on Thursday will hinge on alliances and independents.Ulhasnagar, Akola, Nagpur, Pune, Nashik and Solapur all failed to throw up a simple majority. In Amravati, the Congress and NCP, which had a pre-poll alliance and enjoyed the support of seven to nine independents, emerged victorious. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, the NCP, which went to the polls alone, secured a clear majority, winning 84 of the 128 seats.In Pune, although the Congress and NCP fought against each other, Ajit Pawar has declared that the parties will join hands in the corporation. In 2007, the NCP had 41 seats, Congress 36, BJP 25; Sena 20, MNS 8, independents and others 14.In Nagpur, the BJP emerged as the single largest party.Being his home town, BJP president Nitin Gadkari had taken keen interest in campaigning. \"We don't have a clear majority in Nagpur, but with the help of smaller parties and independents, we will secure control over the corporation,\" a senior party leader said.Interestingly, while in the Nagpur corporation of 145 seats, the BJP secured 62 and the Shiv Sena six, the Bahujan Samaj Party obtained 12 seats. The Mayawati-led BSP has also made inroads into pockets like Amravati. Similarly, the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has also gained new ground in pockets like Nashik where it has emerged as the leading party with 40 of the 122 seats.Solapur, the home town of Union power minister Sushikumar Shinde, also witnessed a keen fight between the Congress and NCP. Now, although the Congress has emerged as the single largest party, it will have to knock at the doors of the NCP to secure control over the corporation. In the house of 102, the Congress secured 45 seats and the NCP 16. Some senior NCP leaders have drafted a plan to keep the Congress away from power by joining hands with the Shiv Sena, BJP and other parties, often described as the 'Pune pattern' in political circles. But it appears that Ajit Pawar has stepped in to ensure that the Congress-NCP alliance comes to powerIn Akola, where the corporation was dissolved following rampant corruption, independents hold the key.In Ulhasnagar, the saffron combine is expected to gain control over the civic body. The elections threw up a hung verdict, with all eyes now on the Secular Alliance of India (SAI) party. With eight corporators, the party will have to decide whether to support the Congress-NCP or the Shiv-BJP. The Congress-NCP won 28 seats and Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI 34. Pappu Kalani (Independent) and his wife Jyoti (NCP) were among the winners.Although chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and senior NCP leader and home minister R R Patil observed that the outcome of the civic and zilla parishad polls would have no bearing on the outcome of the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls, there were no takers for their argument. \"We don't accept their contention. In our opinion, the outcome will certainly have a bearing on the next assembly and Lok Sabha polls. In view of the dismal performance of the Congress-NCP, we will have to redraft our strategy for the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha elections,\" a Congress MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937109", "title": "Padmapriya to take a break from movies", "text": "Great talent has emerged from theatre. While most people eventually settle down in the film industry, there are a few that continue to keep in touch with their first love.Mollywood actress Padmapriya is one such who, after quite a long break, has decided to get back on stage. \"I've always been a part of theatre. But getting back on stage now is rather special as I have not been on it since I began my film career,\" says Padmapriya, who is currently in Bangalore for the same.\"The play is a result of a meeting of like-minded people. Actress Ann Augustine, director V K Prakash, writer Jayaprakash Kuloor and I were talking about theatre once, and realised that we all wanted to produce good plays that can reach out to a wider audience,\" she explains.Padmapriya has taken up the task of acting in two of the four plays that have been adapted from the works of Anton Chekov and Jayaprakash Kuloor.In the meantime, Padmapriya insists that getting back on stage does not mean she is moving away from films.The actress recently made her debut on the Bengali movie screen with 'Aparajita Tumi'. \"I was thrilled that an audience as critical as the one we find in Bengal gave my film a thumbs up. I was part of the Bollywood film 'Strikers', which I would call a niche film. Though, apart from this, there is not much happening up north,\" admits the actress.Closer home, Padmapriya will be seen in director P Balachandran's 'Ivan Megharoopan'. Director Lal's 'Cobra', M A Nishad's 'Number 66 Madurai Bus' and Gautham Menon's Tamil production 'Thangameengal' ensures she is busy for the rest of the year.\"I'm greedy for good films, and will test waters in new territories as long as I get to satiate that greed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932591", "title": "Caste remains dominant factor in Mohanlalganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dilapidated landmarks like Kashishwar Mahadev Temple and two mini stadia showcase the neglect which has been a routine feature in Mohanlalganj assembly constituency.Further spoiling the beauty of the area are pot-holed roads and overflowing drains in several gram sabhas. Electricity supply too is in deficit here.But, caste mainly plays a decisive role in selection of candidates during elections in this constituency, a local journalist tells TOI.Even though sounds more like rhetoric, he adds, development, too, is an issue.The constituency this time just like another reserved constituency Malihabad is seeing a triangular contest between RK Chaudhary of Rashtriya Swabhiman Party, who is also a three-time sitting MLA from here, Chandra Rawat of Samajwadi Party and Harshvardhan Shyam of Congress.Political pundits put the onus of triangular fight on caste equations. Even though Chaudhary has been three-time MLA from the constituency and got several developement works done in the area, the fact that he is facing a tough challenge from SP's Chandra Rawat and Congress's Harshvardhan Shyam is giving him sleepless nights. Similarly, Pushpa Rawat of Bahujan Samaj Party cannot be ignored completely.The reason: Rajkumar of Salempur says the constituency has maximum number of over 95,000-odd Pasi votes. And since Pasi votes may get divided between three Pasi candidates, Chaudhary's battle for ballot will not be as easy as it used to be.Harshvardhan Shyam too is working hard and meeting voters regularly.It is not so that Chaudhary didn't carry out development work; in fact he got built two mini stadia when he was a minister -- one in Gosainganj and another in Mohanlalganj -- besides he got several roads in the villages built from his MLA fund. However, in the last decade, the stadia has faced government apathy resulting in the two structures now in almost shambles, says Rachit Verma, a resident of Mau village.Kashishwar Mahadev temple has historical importance but lies in neglect. This, at a time when the temple sees a huge rush of devotees, especially during Mahashivaratri. The temple was built by Kashi Persad, Taluqdar of Sassendi in 1860. It was given a facelift by Rani Subhadra Kunwar in 1926 as is evident from the stone fixed on the temple gate.It is because of such neglect that locals have now almost resigned to fate, says Kalawati, a resident of Samesi village.With no hope in sight, residents are left with selecting candidates on the caste basis. After caste, other factors like development come into play while selecting a candidate. About 25,000 Muslims of this constituency also play a decisive role. However, this time Laxmi Rawat of Apna Dal, who is being supported by Peace Party, is most likely to make a dent in Pasi, Kurmi as well as Muslim votes.Some residents, however, hope that this time some other factors would also come into play which would help decide on a candidate on the basis of merit. The constituency goes to polls on February 19.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933396", "title": "Join polio drive and eradicate the deadly virus", "text": "BANGALORE: The government will launch a statewide campaign from Sunday to eradicate polio. The health and family welfare department has made arrangements to cover 74,59,152 children in the 0-5 age group in the first round.The government has arranged for 97,88,520 polio doses and 4,89,426 vials of oral vaccine throughout the state. As many as 31,410 vaccination booths will be manned by 98,790 vaccinators on Sunday and on April 1, when 'Polio Sunday' will be observed.\"India did not register a single case of polio in 2010-11, but Karnataka achieved this benchmark five years ago. The last polio case was in Raichur in 2007. But to win the 'polio-free India' distinction, we need to ensure that no case is registered across the country for the next two years. Then WHO can declare India a polio-free nation,\" said Dr EV Ramanna Reddy, health secretary.\"There have been cases when polio resurfaced. Slum-dwellers get their children vaccinated, but the educated lot neglect it,\" said Dr BP Subramanya, surveillance medical officer, National Polio Surveillance Project - India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934580", "title": "Congress trying to get PM for campaign", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress is trying to get Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and general secretary of AICC Rahul Gandhi to boost the prospects of their candidates in Goa.Sources said Union minister P Chidambaram and Vilasrao Deshmukh will also be campaigning for the party next week.Former India captain Mohammed Azaruddin will have a road show, sources in the party said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934370", "title": "Lokayukta raid on houses of engineer unearths Rs 1.25 crore assets", "text": "BHOPAL: Special Establishment of Police (SPE) of Lokayukta on Friday raided office and residences of a state irrigation department executive engineer (EE), and unearthed wealth to the tune of Rs 1.25 crore allegedly amassed by him.\"We carried out raids at technocrat Mahendra Singh Yadav's two residences, including one in Shahpura area here, and recovered movable and immovable properties worth Rs 1.25 crore which SPE claimed, was disproportionate to his known sources of income,\" Rewa SPE superintendent Mitlesh Kumar Shukla told TOI. During the raids, SPE sleuths recovered documents of three houses owned by Yadav in Bhopal, Gwalior and Noida in Uttar Pradesh.\"We recovered Rs four lakh cash and Rs two lakh jewellery during the raid carried out at his place in Shakshi complex in Rewa,\" SPE superintendent said. Yadav owns two cars of worth more than Rs 10 lakh.Yadav was posted in Bansagar irrigation project in Rewa, Shukla said.\"Documents related to five bank accounts and one locker maintained by Yadav were also seized. Now, we are going to go through his bank accounts and get the locker opened,\" he added.Yadav has been booked under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932685", "title": "Lucknow West has cleanest candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: The poll arena in the state maybe full of candidates with criminal antecedents but Lucknow seems to be a welcome exception. Out of 30 candidates from the main parties on the five urban seats, only two of them face serious criminal charges. Both are former student union leaders - SP's Ravidas Mehrotra and Congress's Ramesh Srivastava.Lucknow West is the cleanest of all the five constituencies as none of the main contestant face any criminal charges. From this seat, Sayed Hussain will represent Bahujan Samaj party, Mohammed Rehan, Samajwadi Party; sitting MLA Shyam Kishore Shukla represents Congress while Suresh Srivastava will contest on a Bharatiya Janata Party ticket. Peace Party's Aziz Khan, the other candidate testing poll waters in this constituency also has no criminal track record.Eleven out of 30 candidates have declared criminal records. Lucknow Central's Ravidas Mehrotra, contesting on SP ticket faces 17 criminal cases, including charges of murder and attempt to murder, to his name. Congress candidate from Lucknow East, Ramesh Srivastava, with 7 criminal cases, has also been charged in a case of attempt to murder, along with rioting and being armed with a deadly weapon.Though other candidates in the political fray in Lucknow have also been charged under other sections of the Indian Penal Code, BSP's Naveen Chandra Dwivedi has been indicted for serious offences in each of the three cases he has been booked under.Juhie Singh, Samajwadi Party candidate who is making her poll debut in Lucknow East, is facing one one criminal case, of forgery. The other woman candidates, UPCC chief Rita Joshi has a criminal record too, charged under the SC/ST Act for promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence or language.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937512", "title": "'Bachelor Party' keeps Rahul Raj busy", "text": "Composer Rahul Raj is back to Mollywood after a hiatus. Rahul's tunes will next be heard in director Amal Neerad's 'Bachelor Party.'The film, which has a slew of hot Mollywood youngsters, including Prithviraj, Indrajith, Asif Ali, Nitya Menen and Remya Nambeesan, is in the news with all of them sporting their never-seen-before avatars.\"Director Amal wants Bachelor Party to be a musical treat as well. So I've permission to experiment and I'm now working on a hitherto untouched mix of genres,\" says Rahul, adding, \"I made a chance discovery too - a superb folk singer! But wait... I'll tell you more once we're done with the recording officially. Amal definitely wouldn't want me talking more about the film's music department at this point,\" says Rahul, whose last Mollywood outing was the Indrajith-starrer Chekavar a few years ago.Meanwhile, Rahul's fans are upbeat and can't seem to wait to hear the 'Chotta Mumbai' composer who got many an award for his Tollywood debut - the Siddharth-Shruthi Hassan starrer Oh My Friend - which won him rave reviews and awards, besides a place of his own in the Telugu film industry. Welcome back, Rahul!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933448", "title": "After a flop show, MTC opens bids again for monorail adviser", "text": "CHENNAI: Another step in kick-starting the monorail project in the city was taken on Friday when Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) opened tender bids for consultancy services. \"Six people have sent bids which will be evaluated and chosen shortly,\" said an official. The consultant will help MTC choose the right developer.MTC officials made a presentation on the status of the project to chief minister J Jayalalithaa along with ministers and secretaries of finance, revenue and transport departments.Sources in the government said the project was picking up pace. \"Like any other project, it suffered a few hiccups initially but now everything is going smooth,\" said a senior official.Tenders for consultants and developers were earlier scrapped and refloated. Earlier, Mumbai-based Fortress Financial Services was appointed as consultant but was terminated without any reason. Government officials said there weren't enough bids for developers. \"Three companies applied and this was not enough. Therefore, tenders were refloated,\" said an official. The Louis Berger Group, Deloitte, Ernst &amp; Young and Stup Consultants are some of the consultants who have sent bids. The consultant will help MTC choose the contractor within six months by analyzing request for qualification.In the first phase, the project will cover 111 km. The corridors identified are Vandalur-Puzhal via Avadi (54km), Vandalur-Velachery via Tambaram East (23km), Poonamallee-Vadapalani via Valasarawakkam (16km), and Poonamallee-Kathipara via Porur (18km).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11922769", "title": "Zarine Khan quits song for Salman!", "text": "After Deepika Padukone who's being hauled over the coals for her supposed unprofessionalism by producer Ramesh Taurani, it's now Zarine Khan's turn to be pulled up by producer Vinod Bachchan for leaving his film 'Zilla Ghaziabad' in the lurch.Lashing out at the actress for her unprofessional conduct Bachchan says, \"She was finalized to do the item song in my film. Even her costumes were all ready. Then she realized that Vivek Oberoi was in the film. And Salman wouldn't like it if she participated in a film featuring him. What was she doing all the time? Shouldn't she or her business manager have found out details about the project before agreeing to the item song? I had to run from pillar to post to get a replacement at the last minute.\"Apparently Zarine opted out as she didn't want to displease her mentor Salman Khan by working in a project featuring Vivek Oberoi.But an actress close to Salman argues, \"She's letting Salman run her life. Does she think Salman would be pleased if she does a check-list of all the people he doesn't like and then stays away from them? By that logic Sanjay Dutt who's very close to Salman should have refused to work with Vivek Oberoi in 'Zilla Ghaziabad'. On the contrary, Dutt has been trying to convince Salman to set aside his differences with Vivek and shake hands. And that's the way it should be. And if she thinks she's being loyal to Salman by not working with his enemies, then she should be rewarded with work. Salman did get her a role in his friend Sajid Nadiadwala's 'Housefull 2'. But beyond that Zarine is yet to benefit from her demonstrative efforts at loyalty.\"Vinod Bachchan has apparently suffered losses to the tune of Rs10 lakhs because of Zarine's alleged unprofessionalism. \"How can she give up work for personal reasons, and that too when these reasons have nothing to do with her, and when she is practically doing nothing? Today topnotch heroines are vying with one another to get item songs, so they can perform them on stage. Zarine got noticed for her item song in Anees Bazmi's 'Ready'. This could have been her second big item song in a row. Instead she decided to let it go.Very sad.\"Bachchan is looking into how to get Zarine to compensate for the losses he has suffered. \"We were all set to shoot with her when she pulled this shocker on us. Funnily, Vivek Oberoi is not even part of the item song. Just because Vivek is part of my cast she decided on her own that Salman wouldn't like it if she did our song. Zarine should know that personal equations are not brought into this profession.If she decided to keep away from all the people Salman can't get along with she would be left with very little choices.\"Interestingly Salman does carry his aversion to all things Oberoi to his work place. A source close to Sanjay Gupta informs that Salman was pissed off when Gupta had signed Vivek Oberoi for 'Shootout At Lokhandwala'.Says a source, \"Salman had sent a message to Gupta through Arbaaz Khan(who was a part of 'Shootout At Lokhandwala') why Vivek had been signed. So it's likely that he'd get pissed off with Zarine for working in a Vivek starrer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932235", "title": "Minorities fume at meagre share", "text": "HYDERABAD: The allocation of Rs 489 crore for minorities welfare announced in the state budget on Friday has disappointed Muslims yet again. The various groups that had been making representations for a higher allocation this year said what the government doled out was unjust and unsubstantial.The discontent stems from the fact that despite the hike, the budgetary allocation works out to just 1% of the total state outlay plan of Rs 48,935 crore, noted AIMIM. In a statement issued, MIM says that the budgetary allocation for minorities is misleading because it is barely 0.34% of the total budgetary expenditure of Rs 1,45,854 crore.Also, the allocation for SCs has been increased by 14%; for tribal welfare 26%; for backward classes 43%. The allocation for these groups in the year 2011-12 was already quite high, he noted.Experts also said that the minorities welfare minister and the minorities welfare department had proposed two different figures, that of Rs 730 crore and Rs 535 crore respectively. They also said that a bulk of the budgetary allocation would go towards scholarship and fee reimbursement schemes.While several groups had pitched in a demand of a whopping Rs 3,000 crore, the AIMIM's proposal of Rs 600 crore too has been swept aside by the government.Professor Kancha Ilaiah, director, Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, Manuu, said, \"The Congress government thinks that the Muslims are their vote bank and will elect it come what may. The allocation is unjust because it will only help in scholarships. Hardly Rs 320 crore will be given to the Muslims.\"Another expert too echoed Ilaiah's views but added that health programmes and schemes for the protection of livelihood on the lines of Setwin and bankable schemes should have been given priority. He also said that loans given at low interest rates would indeed benefit members of minorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934417", "title": "Marathon against corruption", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High on spirits, over 500 youngsters are all set to participate in a giant marathon against corruption next week to announce region's oldest cultural-cum-technical event - Cyanide 2012. Carrying forward the legacy of 30 years, the students of University Institute of Chemical Engineering and technology (UICET) are all set to organize this event from February 23 and it will go on till February 25. Commencing on a social note, the fest promises to attract youngsters to projects including eye and organ donation on Day two of the fest. Students from the blind school would perform a skit during the cultural fest to encourage youngsters to join the cause of eye donation.To pep up the event, a music night by 'Hari and Sukhmani', a popular city-based band that has been performing at Goa and other places across the country, would be held. Besides this, students of UICET have also invited popular Punjabi singer Preet Harpal for a cultural night. \"The enthusiasm about the grand marathon is high among participating colleges across the region. We have invited cricketer Dinesh Mongia to flag off the marathon, which would be from PU to Matka Chowk and back,\" said Sanat Datt Bhardwaj, a final year student.UICET students named their annual cultural event-Cyanide in 2002. \"Cyanide has a long history and is among the oldest fests in the region, much before the PEC fest or any other event began,\" said Amiteshwar Singh, yet another member of the core organizing team.With fun-filled events like \" Desi Roadies\" full of adventure and brain storming games like \"mobi wards\", Cyanide promises to be great voyage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11932393", "title": "Rs 2cr to make Navi Mumbai state\u2019s 1st WiFi-enabled city", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The annual budget of Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NM-MC) for the year 2012-13 promises to make the satellite city Maharashtra's first WiFi-enabled city.Presenting the Rs 2,107.81 crore annual budget on Friday, NMMC commissioner Bhaskar Wankhede stated that the corporation is planning to rope in a private infotech company to make the entire city WiFi (wireless fidelity) at an estimated cost of Rs 2 crore.With a quick implementation of this scheme, Navi Mumbai could possibly be the first city in Maharashtra to go fully WiFi.NMMC spokesperson Mahindra Konde told TOI that the total revenue quoted in the new budget is Rs 2,107.81 crore, while the expenditure is Rs 2,107.09 crore. This makes the annual budget marginally surplus by Rs 72 lakh.\"A few other municipal corporations in Maharashtra are also planning to provide fully WiFi connections to its residents. However, Navi Mumbai could be the first to actually do so,'' a civic official said.Another salient feature in the NMMC budget is the proposal to spend Rs 2.70 crore on the accident-prone Palm Beach Road, by implementing all safety recommendations mentioned in the recent study undertaken by a panel of the IIT-Bombay.\"This year, we are also planning to introduce specialized professional courses for the benefit of school dropouts. This will include skills like sewing and toy-making, among others,'' said Konde.The NMMC spokesperson also said the individual corporator fund has now been enhanced from Rs 8.5 lakh to Rs 10 lakh, while the ward committee fund has increased from Rs 25 lakh to Rs 30 lakh. The mayoral fund has also increased from Rs 35 lakh to Rs 50 lakh to provide better civic amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934035", "title": "GTU may get 100 acres land near G'nagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) is likely to be allotted nearly 100 acres land near Gandhinagar , a move that will enable the varsity to get accreditation from the University Grants Commission (UGC).As per the UGC rules, a state university should have a minimum 150 acres land to get affiliation.GTU was established in 2007 and became operational as a full-fledged university in 2008. Presently, it is located within the LD Engineering campus. The new campus is coming up at Vishwakarma Engineering College at Chandkheda and spreads over 25 acres land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11940684", "title": "'Housefull 2 item song will be 'song of the year'", "text": "All geared up for the release of his film Housefull-2, director Sajid Khan gets chatty with us on BO success, critics, item numbers and more...He is one of those few directors in Bollywood , who have never bothered about the critics' verdict and gone ahead stoically about his business of filmmaking. But then, he can afford to cock a snook at the so-called critics, because the man has delivered huge B'town hits like Heyy Baby and Housefull, produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. Now, Sajid is quite gung-ho about his forthcoming film Housefull 2.'No jitters!'Ask him if he's having any jitters at this juncture about his youngest creative baby, and pat comes the reply: \"I never have jitters about hosting an event or the verdict of my film because I am confident of my storytelling technique. Yes, there is an anxiety as to how much business my film will do. I set parameters for myself, and want to achieve my own targets.\"Critics? Spare me!Till date, Sajid has always been critical of the critics. So, does he plan to make peace with them now, with latest film Housefull 2 ready to hit the screens? Without a moment's hesitation, the director replies: \"I care two hoots about the critics! Some of them had said that Housefull was a flop, which was actually the biggest hit of Akshay's career. Unfortunately, in this day of Facebook and social networking, every person has become a critic. And I have no qualms admitting that I know more about films than the best men in the world because entertainment is the only thing that I know! And till date, I have never watched a film after reading its review. So, spare me the critics!\"Anarkali versus MunniIf critics don't really bother him, what's his take on the much-talked about item song Anarkali in Housefull-2, which will have sexy siren Malaika Arora Khan gyrating to oomphy moves choreographed by Sajid's sister Farah Khan, who had earlier given a mega hit number Munni with Malaika? \"I think both Farah and Malaika need to move on. I am pretty sure that Anarkali will be the song of the year 2012! Just wait and watch,\" declares Sajid and signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932290", "title": "Deceased trader blamed CBI for driving him to suicide", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 50-year-old New Delhi businessman who allegedly committed suicide by consuming a heavy dose of some sedatives at a hotel room in Naka Hindola area has blamed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for falsely implicating him in his suicide note which was found from the spot.The businessman's body was found on Thursday night in the room. This is the second such suicide in which the victim has directly or indirectly blamed the CBI for pressurising them into taking the extreme step.The businessman was identified as Ranjit Singh, a resident of Rajouri Garden in New Delhi. The post mortem report which was received on Friday remained inconclusive on the cause of death and thus viscera has been preserved, said DIG D K Thakur. Ranjit was summoned to Lucknow by the special crime branch of CBI, Lucknow, in connection with Rabindra Tyagi encounter case which had taken place in Ghaziabad on October 29, 2009.Ranjit was present before the CBI on February 15 and had to reappear on February 16. However, he remained in the hotel and switched off his mobile phone. On Thursday late night, the police broke open the locks to find Ranjit lying dead in the hotel room.Reading the first page of the three-page suicide note, one clearly finds that Ranjit was perturbed over the CBI probe.The suicide note reads:\"Mr Jaiswal/SP Sahab,Aapne mere upar bahut bada allegation lagaya hai. Humlog bahut seedhe saadhe log hain koi criminal nahin hai or na hi main Rabindra Tyagi ko car dene gaya, balki Rabindra mere ghar se car legaya tha...Aaap jis Vijendra Pal ke baate maan rahe hain, woh jhoot bol raha hai. Main usse na hi Rabindra ke pehle, na hi baad mein mila hun. Deepak Tyagi ne mere upar ilzaam na jaane kyon lagaya hai, jabki woh achchi tarah jaanta hai ki mere aur Rabindra ke kya relation the. Main jaanta hoon ki agar main apne kisi dost ya rishtedaar ka naam loonga, aap log unhe bhi pareshaan karoge. Agar aap log mein ab bhi thodi si insaaniyat baaki hai to meri patni aur bachcho ko mat pareshaan keejiyega, woh log bahut seedhe saadhe hain. SP Sahab ise mera aakhri statement samajhiyega, main nirdosh hoon, Rabindra ne khud mere ghar per aakar chabhi li thi. Main ab bhagwaan ke jaane ki koshish kar raha hoon.\"The letter has a few words in English while rest of it has been written in Hindi. The second page is written to his wife whom he lovingly writes \"Ramo\" and third page is probably for some Mannat.Probably, Ranjit wrote the letter after consuming sedatives as by the time he reaches third page, his writing becomes unreadable probably due to drug effect.This is the second such case in which the victim has directly or indirectly accused CBI of forcing them to take the extreme step. In the first case related to NRHM scam, project manager of C&DS; of Jal Sansthan, Sunil Verma had also pleaded innocence while adding that still CBI conducted a raid at his house. Verma had shot himself dead at his house in Vikasnagar in January this year.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934628", "title": "Have women been given a fair deal by political parties for the elections?", "text": "Today political parties are more inclined to field winnable candidates irrespective of whether they are male or female. Moreover, in the past assembly election many women candidates have faced defeat at the hands of the electorate. So the concept of fielding a woman no longer holds water. Besides, there is no provision in the law for reserving seats for women in the Assembly polls, unlike in panchayat and municipal polls. Therefore, there is no compulsion and it cannot be said that women have got a raw deal.Juino De SouzaLawyer, PorvorimI think women have been simply cheated in these elections. The female candidates fielded have strong political support from their own family members, who are renowned politicians themselves. As a result, deserving women have been left behind in the race.Kartavi MashelkarDoctor, BicholimNo not at all. Very few seats have been given to women and that too only because of political pressure. Just promising women's empowerment in their manifestoes will not be enough, it needs to reflect in their actions. Politicians just know politics and profit, so it's best not to expect anything from them. The new generation is educated and knows what it wants and what has to be done on March 3.Gautam SavaikarSales, SanquelimThere are very few women contestants for the coming assembly elections as very few women have shown their capabilities in the field of politics. Political parties have to put their best candidate forward. If there are no women who have proved their mettle in the field then the party cannot give them a ticket.Anand MasurAssociate professor, MargaoGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934578", "title": "Fail To Make An Impact", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI combination won the largest number of seats in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections, the results of which were announced on Friday. The BJP bagged 68 and Sena 6, falling short by just five seats for a simple majority. The Congress-NCP alliance trailed with only 47 seats between them (Congress won 41).The saffron combine is in a position to cobble up a workable majority with the support of 5 others - probably from among the 11 independents or the Bahujan Samaj Party , which sprung a surprise by winning 12 seats - its best tally so far in NMC.Coming as a double delight for the BJP is the Nagpur Zilla Parishad win, where it wrested control from the Congress-led alliance. The party also raised a toast to its unexpected good performance in Akola where it is in a position to work out simple majority with the Sena and some outside help.BJP national president Nitin Gadkari deserves the credit for steering the saffron camp to victory in the city that houses the RSS headquarters. It is for the first time in the civic body's 50-year history that the saffron alliance has won a second consecutive term.Sweetening the taste of party's win, there is already a talk of Gadkari being continued in the BJP top post for yet another term and lead the party in the 2014 elections. His current term expires in December.\"It's a positive vote for the work we have accomplished in the last five years. The verdict reflected people's anger against price rise and corruption in the Congress regime,\" said Gadkari, reaching city after a whirlwind campaign tour of UP. \"The credit goes to humble party workers,\" he added.A pall of gloom fell on the Congress-NCP camp. The city Congress that has lived with factionalism for over a decade, all facade of unity put up during the civic poll campaign, came crashing down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933433", "title": "City police go south to study a rare find: An ATM skimmer", "text": "CHENNAI: A special team from the credit card wing of the central crime branch (CCB) has gone to Tirunelveli to examine a skimmer device recovered from an ATM in Palayamkottai a week ago. While police have arrested gangs and seized skimmers they had used to steal data of bank customers, this is probably the first time police have retrieved a skimmer from an ATM.Last week, a private agency which went to fill the cash cartridge at an ATM in Palayamkottai found something unusual-a material fixed to the machine. They informed the bank officials who later called police. It turned out to be a skimmer, a device fraudsters use to copy data from cards as customers swipe them. They use the data to clone cards using which they make purchases. ATMs without CCTVs and security personnel are at greater risk. The police team removed the skimmer for close inspection.Tirunelveli police commissioner Karunasagar said Canara Bank officials informed his team about the skimmer. As the credit card wing of CCB is dealing with such crimes, a special team led by sub-inspector of police A Vahitha Begam has gone to Palayamkottai. The team inspected the equipment and confirmed it to be an advanced skimmer. \"The skimmer resembles those used in metros like Chennai and Bangalore,\" one of the team members said.Now the police team thinks it should have left the skimmer at the ATM so that it could have nabbed the gang when it returned to collect the data. \"We could've kept a vigil and nabbed them,\" said a team member. Chennai police had in the last few months arrested five credit card fraudsters. A couple of months ago, Madurai police had busted a gang with a similar mode of operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934536", "title": "After Bhopal, Indore gays come out of the closet", "text": "INDORE: Homosexuals in Indore are coming out of the society's shadows for first time, forming the Badlaav Samiti, an outfit by and for gays.The project officer of the samiti, Rajneesh Langer, who admits to be a gay himself, said the idea was to help homosexuals and create more awareness against the HIV, ``as MSM (Men having Sex with Men) are prone to it.\"He said Indore has about 15,000 gays and many are now directly or indirectly associated with the samiti.\"It is a myth that gays are usually from a rich background - there are poor and middle class people as well. Some are married and living with their families,\" said Rajneesh, adding that more and more people are now opening up about their sexuality, mostly youngsters.The samiti claims to have grown by leaps and bounds within a few months of its formation. Run by 50 core members and a board of directors, it already has some 5000 direct members who are open about their sexual orientation, while many more are indirectly associated.The Badlaav Samiti was formed under the Humsafar Trust of Mumbai and gets its funds under Pehachan Project of Alliance India, Delhi. \"Funds are for the salaries of our staff, office maintenance and to organise programmes, besides getting HIV tests done on MSM,\" said Rajneesh, adding that they also provide counselling to the people who are in an inner conflict about their sexual inclinations.A similar outfit for homosexuals is already functioning for Bhopal gays. Jabalpur and Ujjain gays are also in the process of setting up their own. \"There are a large number of MSM people in cities other than the metros, but in most there is no organisation to support and help,\" said Rajneesh admitting it was just not easy for a gay organisation to work in non-metros. ``Wherever we go, people taunt and abuse us. Sometimes even the police do not cooperate, but all that are changing fast. The society has slowly started accepting MSM as a reality'' he said.\"We were hesitant to start an organisation till a few months back. But now people are coming forward to support us'', he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934345", "title": "Two held for extortion bid", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have arrested two persons for their alleged bid to extort money from a youth by posing as police personnel on Thursday. The incident took place at a park coming under the limits of MP Nagar police station.In his complaint, Rajkumar, 21, a resident of Mandideep, said two persons approached him and asked him to meet an inspector when he was taking a walk in Chinar Park at Link Road No. 1.The two allegedly took the victim to a deserted pocket of the park and asked them to shell out Rs 5,000 to avoid 'police' action, the police said. When Rajkumar told them he did not have money, the accused threatened him to get ready to face an action. However, two genuine policemen turned up and rescued him.As the youth began narrating his problem, the two men fled. Later an FIR was registered with the MP Nagar police station. The accused, identified as Kausar and Azeem, were arrested soon after the incident and were being interrogated, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934503", "title": "Abducted school boy frees himself, returns home", "text": "INDORE: A 11-year-old school boy from the city who was abducted by unidentified youths on Thursday managed to give a slip to his kidnappers and returned home safely, before the police could act.Kidnapping for ransom is becoming a common crime in the city and this is the second such incident in the last fortnight.It is reported that two motorbike-borne youths kidnapped a young boy from Anjani Nagar under the Aerodrome police station limits. The boy, however, managed to flee and reach home.The 11-year-old boy, Kshitij Jain, informed the police that a youth on a motorbike stopped in front of his house and asked him some address and later took him to an unknown destination. The accused was accompanied by another person on the way.Kshitij's family then received a letter demanding ransom of Rs 4 crore. Kshitij's father, Shailendra Jain, lodged a complaint with the police. However, the boy freed himself and returned home even before police could take any action.The panic-stricken boy could not tell his ordeal and narrated the incident in writing. The Aerodrome police are investigating the case.About 10 days ago, a young girl was abducted by two youths in almost the similar way. She later returned on her own after her abductors left her some five kms away from her house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933265", "title": "Get closer to Bapu through books", "text": "BANGALORE: This is one more way to immortalize the Mahatma's thoughts. A library containing Gandhiji's works was inaugurated at Gandhi Bhavan, Kumara Krupa Road, on Friday. This will be part of the main library at Gandhi Bhavan.Books written by and on Gandhi are available in three languages. Officials said there are 478 books in Kannada, 1,368 in English and 573 in Hindi. Apart from these, the library will have texts of national leaders, 745 biographies and 110 volumes of assorted literature of Gandhi.Inaugurating the library, law minister S Suresh Kumar explained the greatness of Gandhi's writings with an anecdote of former President APJ Abdul Kalam . \"When Kalam met South African leader Nelson Mandela , he asked him how he survived 27 years in a 6ftx6ft cell. Mandela replied that he gained inspiration from Gandhiji's writings.\"Karnataka Gandhi Smaraka Nithi H Srinivasiah added to that: Martin Luther King never met Gandhi but led his famed civil rights movement in the US inspired by satyagraha. If they can be the change and bring in change, even you can by reading Gandhi's works,\" he said.The library is open to all for reference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933794", "title": "NCP surpasses itself in civic body polls; MNS makes a beginning", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and his party's undisputed dominance over the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation was underlined once again with the NCP winning 83 seats out of 128, leaving other parties way behind in the tally. The party returns to power for the third consecutive time in Pimpri Chinchwad.While the NCP's victory was on expected lines, the surprise element was the MNS winning four seats for the first time in Pimpri Chinchwad. The MNS candidate, in fact, defeated NCP's present standing committee chairperson, Suman Pavale.The PCMC, which has an annual budget of over Rs 1,500 crore, is the only civic body in the state where a single party has a clear majority. Pawar had steered clear of coalition politics when the party had won as many as 60 seats of the 105 seats in Pimpri Chinchwad in 2007. In the 2002 civic elections, the NCP had won 36 seats, forcing the party to join hands with the Congress.NCP's Pimpri Chinchwad unit chief Azam Pansare said, \"Our party has got the majority because of the good work we have done. I want to thank the people for the trust they have shown in us. We will perform even better in the next five years.\"The Congress, which was once led by late MP Ramkrishna More, was a dominant party in PCMC. It has been on the downslide since 2002. While it had won 32 seats 10 years ago, the party's present tally is at an all-time low of 14 seats. In the 2007, the party had won 19 seats. Among the Congress's winners include Pimpri Chinchwad unit chief Bhausaheb Bhoir.The BJP-SS-RPI (Athavale) combine, which was hoping to make inroads in the NCP's bastion, received a setback compared to its previous tally. While the BJP-Sena had won 24 seats in the 2007 elections, its present tally has been reduced to 18. The BJP's tally has come down from 19 in the last elections to just three. The RPI, which was not in alliance with the BJP-Shiv Sena in 2007, has won a lone seat. Two Sena corporators, Seema Savale and Sulabha Ubale, have retained their seats.A massive victory for the NCP was being seen even before the actual election process began. Two NCP candidates were elected unopposed. Moreover, the Congress nominated only 100 candidates for the 128 wards. Other parties, too, did not field candidates from all wards. Eight sitting and former Congress corporators had joined the NCP before the elections. Pimpri Chinchwad has been with the NCP since the party's formation. The township was earlier a part of the Baramati Lok Sabha constituency, which for many years has been led by NCP chief Sharad Pawar .Prominent NCP winners include mayor Yogesh Behl, deputy mayor Dabbu Aswani, former mayors R S Kumar, Mangala Kadam and Aparna Doke, former standing committee chairman Ajit Gavhane and Shamim Pathan, and NCP's leader of the House Jagdish Shetty. The party's losers include standing committee chairperson Suman Pavle, and NCP's Pimpri Chinchwad women unit chief Surekha Landge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937226", "title": "Gaming stations become youth joint in Chennai", "text": "The joystick and gaming stations seem to have caught the fancy of Chennai's Gen YThe tension was palpable at the race. Vinay's jet black sports car was being tailed by another of the same make, trying to overtake him. The adrenalin rushed through him as he took a swift turn and drifted his way victoriously through the finish line; and now that was done, he pulled himself away from the computer screen, walked to his fridge and poured himself a glass of orange juice to celebrate his victory!Vinay Jayadevan is part of an international collective of hardcore gamers who meet online on multiplayer portals and share a joint gaming experience; be it to race each other or to undertake challenging missions. Having thousands of players in a virtual universe that is constantly evolving, multiplayer games have garnered a dedicated cult of followers, and created a subculture of sorts.\"It's not just about the games we play,\" explains Vinay. \"It's an entire network of teams around the world that compete against each other. If you prove to be a competitive racer, you'll be sent an invitation to join a team; and from then on, you race for them,\" he says.These teams consist of individual gamers who log in from different parts of the world and for each session, there is a player who would have to 'play host'. \"You get to interact with people from places you haven't heard of before. For example, I didn't know Wroclaw was a place in Poland until I met a gamer from there,\" says Freya Alex, another gaming freak. She says that they have even celebrated team wins with real-time parties where each raises a toast to the team from their corner of the world. \"It's fun playing with someone whom you haven't met before and that too from a different culture. It's such a learning experience,\" she explains.Sudarshan Balaji, a city-based DJ says, \"I feel like it's another world where we guys relate ourselves to the game so much that we don't even think of sleep. The mind is so active when it's on a game; and real-life pressures like girlfriends and parents don't trouble you,\" he sniggers. \"And when we play via LAN connections, the interaction, the alerting and screaming over the mic and teaming up for the game make you feel like you are actually on a mission,\" he adds excitedly.Looking back over the last decade of gaming, there's no doubt that it has been an astounding period; and this hobby has taken some twists and turns along the way, both fascinating and unnerving. To begin with, it's an interesting form of social interaction where youngsters get to share their interests and learn more from their contemporaries from random parts of the world; but the hazards involved raise serious questions too. \"The virtual world is vast, uncertain and dangerous,\" says Shailaja Ramachandran, a parent. \"Also, youngsters should not get used to any form of social interaction where they have can hide their true emotions behind a casual LOL or log out when things get out of hand,\" she says, adding that online multiplayer gaming can turn into a serious addiction.Gaming addiction is a seldom talked about issue, especially since it does not show any forms of textbook addiction or because gaming hasn't caught on here on a scale as in a country like the United States . \"There have been reported cases abroad where individuals have sued gaming companies because their products get so addictive that it renders them unable to lead a normal social interaction or lead a life beyond the screen and the joystick/keyboard,\" explains Sharad Rane, an occupational therapist. He says that the social element in online games is what makes them more appealing than single-player games; and this, like any form of social interaction, has its negative and positive effects.\"Like every element of modern technology that has come under the scanner from social networking to the use of headphones, the online gaming trend too will get caught in the line of fire,\" says Prashant Bhowmik, an IT professional vehemently supporting the medium. \"For now, let's just stick to the maxim that nothing in excess is good for you,\" he feels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934148", "title": "Women's reservation brings in many new faces", "text": "NAGPUR: Election results on Friday brought in many new faces into Nagpur Municipal Corporation. They forced out many veteran corporators. First time contestant Meena Choudhary from Vayusena Nagar prabhag entered the house defeating Sneha Wankhede of Congress by just 27 votes. With a smile on her face, Choudhary, in her 50s, said she would ensure the Prabhag got all civic amenities.Many newcomers are wives of corporators who couldn't contest because of reservation. They include Dimpy Bawa (Congress), Savita Sangole (independent), Harshala Sable (Congress), Chhaya Pimple (Congress), Sangita Gire (BJP), Bhushan Singhne (BJP), Naina Zade (Cong), Safalta Ambatkar (BJP), Vishaya Khobragade (MNS), Lata Yadav (BJP).Interestingly, among all the fresh faces, at least six routed the old heavyweights. Harshala Sable is one such example. She made mayor Archana Dehankar of BJP bite the dust. An elated Sable attributed her success to the party and to voters. \"Unlike my rivals, I have not distributed liquor or money, but assured voters of good work and that worked in my favour.\" She assured to work hard for the development of the ward.Another first timer from Nehru Nagar prabhag Divya Dhurve (BJP) defeated outgoing Congress corporator Shewanta Telang and NCP candidate Chhaya Balbudhe. Pallavi Shamkule, daughter-in-law of Chandrapur MLA Nana Shamkule, also figured in the list of fresh faces.Bahujan Samaj Party has given as many as 11 fresh faces to the NMC house. They include Ajay Dange, Shabana Parvin, Manisha Ghodeswar, Satyabhama Lokhande, Kiran Patankar, Murli Meshram, Sagar Lokhande and Lalita Patil. In Jaripatka prabhag, both candidates Bhawana Lonare and Suresh Jagyasi were the first timers.The successful veterans include Vikas Thakre (Cong- fourth term), Deepak Patel (second term), Prakash Gajbhiye (NCP- third), Praful Gudadhe (Cong- third term), Anil Sole (BJP- fourth term) Sandip Joshi (BJP- third term) and Pravin Datke (BJP- third term). Of them, Thakre and BJP city unit president Anil Sole are seniormost. The 2012 civic polls is the third term for BJP corporartor Maya Iwnate too who proved her mettle by winning against male candidates.Political experts welcome the electorate giving opportunity to newcomers. However, they said old faces too were important. \"With their experience, civic body functions smoothly,\" said one.NewcomersPrabhagCorporatorsJaripatka Bhawana Lonare &amp; Suresh JagyasiNehru NagarDivya DhurdeNara Sushma ChaudhariDighoriMangala GawreKhamla Pallavi Shamkule", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934556", "title": "Winning alliance eyes 8 corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-Sena combine needs only five corporators to form the government in NMC. However, one- Madhukar Gudadhe - is in their kitty as he was supported by BJP and Shiv Sena. Other than him, BJP has identified eight corporators whose support it would seek. The BJP and Sena leaders might informally announce the government formation in a day or two.According to BJP sources, the eight corporators include Ravindra Dolas, Aslam Khan, Ishrat Nahid, Raju Lokhande, Bhavna Dhakne, Rahul Telang, Munna Pokulwar and Harish Dikondwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934549", "title": "Programmes drawn, Goa set to scream out 'Viva Carnival'", "text": "PANAJI: With the controversies over its uncertainty died down, Goa is finally set to witness Carnival parades and festivities over the next four days.In Panaji , the float parade will kick-off on Saturday at 3.30pm. Entertainment programmes will begin at 8pm on the Corniche and performances will include Quentin Goes Solo, Goan folk dances by Amelia Dias &amp; troupe and music by Purple Rain. Musician Mukesh Ghatwal has also composed a special Carnival theme song in Konkani that will be played along the parade route.On Sunday, at 7pm, there will be a duet performance by Linda and Lawrence, followed by a musical from Aniceto &amp; Group along with Sonia Shirsat, a dance performance by Dance Floor Flyers and music by L'ace.On February 20, events will start at 6.30pm with 'Fatima - live and solo', folk dances by Quepemchi Lharam, Elvis folk dances and music by Cascades. The itinerary for Tuesday is yet to be finalized, organizers saidMARGAO: Putting an end to recent speculation, the newly constituted organizing committee 'Carnival Celebration Margao' announced its three-day programme starting Sunday.Vijay Parsekar, chairman of the committee, told reporters, \"Carnival floats will start at 3pm on Sunday from Holy Spirit Church junction to MMC square. On Monday and Tuesday, various cultural programmes will be held at SGPDA land near the KTC bus stand from 5.40 pm onwards.\"He added, \"No float should be sponsored by any political personality, including candidates or their supporters.\"\"Those wishing to participate in the float parade may submit their entry forms on Saturday,\" said Gokuldas Verekar, secretary of the committee and manager, Goa Tourism Development Corporation.On Sunday, the Carnival programme will be in front of the municipality and Sonia Shirsat will perform with band Status 4. On Monday a fancy dress contest for children below 12, a samba performance, vocalist Melvin Noronha and band Archies will perform at SGPDA ground. On Tuesday, a Konkani cultural programme will be followed by a Manipuri group entertainment programme, African acrobats and band Clixs.VASCO: After long speculation over its Carnival celebration, the Vasco Carnival committee has a programme lined up from Saturday with a tiatr organized in front of the municipal council premises.On Sunday, a fancy dress competition will be held at 4pm, a cultural programme at 6pm and the day will wind up with 'Creations - a traditional kunbi show'. The float parade will start on Monday at 3.30pm, followed by prize distribution and music by Purple Rain at 7pm. On Tuesday, the celebrations will end with a cultural programme and western dance.While traffic arrangements are in place for the day, as March 20 is also Mahashivratri, the organizers of the Hindu festival have postponed their rally.PONDA: The float parade will commence on February 2 at Upper Bazaar and will wind through Kaziwada, Mount Carmel Chapel, Ponda Municipal Council, and end at Tisk-Ponda.Carnival committee president Luis Pires said winners will be announced on the day of the parade itself as per tourism department guidelines and prizes include one of 45,000.Pires said programmes have been lined up leading to the parade with a tiatr by Mario Menezes at Aguiar grounds on February 18 and a fancy dress contest and group dance to Konkani music on February 19. The parade will be followed by a performance by local talent and the prize distribution, while on February 21, an inter-collegiate dance competition will be followed by a performance by Rhythm N Blues, Pires said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11933940", "title": "RPI's sitting corporators too lose", "text": "NAGPUR: The republican parties are the major losers as they could not even win a single seat.RPI (A) was the part of a mega alliance with BJP and Sena. They were given five seats to contest. But the party, under the leadership of Ramdas Athawale, failed to win even one seat.The RPI Aghadi that secured 8 seats in the 2007 election, too did not have any winning candidates. It had fielded candidates in 80 seats and looked favourites in many seats in North Nagpur. But when the results came out, they had only a zero in their column.After six of their key candidates joined major political parties before the election, two sitting corporators Dr Milind Mane and Dipak Pendham contested but ended up on the losing side.Mane was one of the doctors in the outgoing body of 141 corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934443", "title": "Kowe's big stride: From janitor to corporator", "text": "NAGPUR: For Sulochana Kowe, Friday was the happiest day of her life. She will now give orders to the corporation employees under whom she worked as an 'aiwajdar' (daily wage sanitary worker). Hailing from extremely poor family, the 40-year-old managed to pull a coup of sorts by winning from Shanti Nagar ward on BJP ticket purely on the basis of hard work.Sulochana and her husband Vinod used to work hard to make ends meet. While Vinod was a small time property dealer, Sulochana used to work as daily-wager and cleaning of roads was one of the jobs. \"It is unbelievable,\" she says of her success, \"but it happened thanks to our party leaders.\" She adds that they live in slum area that too in rented house, and she never imagined she will one day be a corporator. \"When ticket was offered to me, I was surprised how I could campaign with our poor financial condition. But party leaders took care of everything. Not a single penny was offered to anyone for getting a vote,\" the mother of three says with a smile. She received 6,653 votes and defeated her nearest candidate from Congress by over 2,000 votes.Anil Rajgire, a BJP leader from the area who fought for her ticket, said he suggested her name as ward was reserved for ST woman candidate. \"I had seen both Sulochana and Vinod working hard for there livelihood. Vinod was very social and used to help people in need. Though poor, both are quite popular in the area as they help people in crisis,\" he informs.Sulochana has already set her agenda for her ward. \"My priority would be sewage lines and water scarcity in our area,\" she says, adding that there were many serious civic problems in their area it being one of the oldest ones. \"I'd beautify the place as I like cleanliness,\" she says. On her journey from daily-wager to corporator, she says it could happen with god's grace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932597", "title": "Woman mauled by tiger in Ranthambore", "text": "JAIPUR: Morpali Meena, a 50-year-old woman, was mauled to death by a tiger at Bera Ki Qui between the Darrah and Berro areas of the Ranthambore tiger reserve on Thursday.Morpali, mother of a nature guide of the park Jagdish Meena, was missing since Thursday evening but it was only after the recovery of her body on Friday morning that her death was confirmed by forest officials.Meena had gone to collect firewood from the area in the afternoon but when she did not return home till late evening her family members began searching for her. \"Late in the evening, we had come across some clothes belonging to her but there was no trace of her body. Officials of the department tried to scan the area but due to darkness the search proved futile,\" a forest department official said.The search was resumed in the morning and the woman's body was traced atop a hillock in the Bera Ki Qui area. The hill lies on the periphery of the reserve and is home to a tiger of the park. The body of Morpali Meena bore bite marks on the left thigh and waist.A post-mortem was conducted on the body that confirmed that she died due to animal bite. Later her body was handed over to her family along with a compensation sum of Rs 2 lakh.\"But we cannot confirm if she was attacked and killed by a tiger as the hill where the body was traced is rocky and therefore had no pug marks. She could have been killed by any wild animal, including a tiger or a panther,\" said A Choubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.Sources though revealed that tiger pugmarks were traced to the bottom of the hill. The last that Ranthambore witnessed a death due to tiger attack was on August 17, 2010 when a 22-year-old youth was mauled to death at Indala Dang area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi/ gurgaon", "code": "11932459", "title": "Hero Honda Chowk tops state list of \u2018black spots'", "text": "NEW DELHI/ GURGAON: Hero Honda crossing, which is notorious for traffic jams, is also the deadliest stretch in the state. The state government has identified 25 major \"black spots\" based on the lives lost in road accidents at these crossings or cuts. Gurgaon's Rajiv Chowk ranks second in the list.The 25 \"black spots\" claimed at least 840 lives in the last calendar year while the NCR districts of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Sonipat have the highest share of this cumulative figure. While four spots in Gurgaon and five in Faridabad have the worst record as far as fatalities are concerned, the state government's report submitted to the road transport highways ministry cites excessive traffic and lack of subways and foot overbridges as the reasons behind the road deaths.According to the report,while Hero Honda Chowk alone witnessed 105 fatalities in 2011, the toll was 86 at Rajiv Chowk and 51 at Khandsa bus stand in the same year.\"These are alarming figures. We don't know whether any crash investigation was done in the case of any of the accidents to find out the exact reason behind the accidents and fatalities. You can't simply dismiss the case saying there is no foot overbridge or subway. We need to find out the causative factors,\" said Rohit Baluja, a road safety expert and president of the Institute for Road Traffic Education (IRTE). He added that if the state governments and local authorities were aware of the exact reason behind accidents and deaths, then they would have taken corrective steps.\"There is no emphasis on road engineering while building roads, flyovers or any other traffic facility. The trouble spots are have been there for years, but no concrete measures have been taken so far.We take loss of human lives lightly,\" said Baluja. For years, both the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the Haryana government have been fighting over who should pay for constructing FOBs and underpasses at these junctions on NH-8 in Gurgaon although neither of them is cash-starved. \"Can't a government that boasts of getting huge revenues from change of land use in Gurgaon spend a little to save lives?\" asked Hisar MP Kuldeep Bishnoi.He said that he would soon take up the case of the Hero Honda crossing that has become a major problem for commuters and residents. The Haryana government prepared the list of \"black spots\" after the highways ministry asked all states to submit them so that a plan can be prepared to rectify these trouble zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "oslo", "code": "11933566", "title": "Finally, NRI couple meet kids in Norway", "text": "OSLO: The parents of two Indian-origin children held in Norway under protective care on Friday had an emotional re-union with their kids and hoped that the family's suffering would end soon, months after the issue triggered a diplomatic row.NRI couple, Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, met their children Abhigyan, 3, and Aishwarya, 1, for two hours after a gap of three months at the foster home in Stavanger under close observation of child welfare authorities. The meeting took place in the presence of the kids' uncle Arunabhash, a social services representative and a member of the foster family temporarily caring for the children.\"Our children were very happy to see us. The meet was really good. Abhigyan hugged me tight,\" a visibly happy Anurup said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933887", "title": "CBI seeks central IB inputs prior to Ishrat killing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI officials probing the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case have now sought the central IB inputs that were supposedly received by the state home department and city crime branch right before the incident took place in 2004.The officials have sought evidence to prove that there was indeed an input received from the central intelligence department. After the encounter took place in June 2004, the crime branch officials had claimed that they were acting on a tip-off from central IB. The cops had alleged that they had trapped Ishrat and three others who had fired on them from a car and they had fired back in retaliation, killing them.However, CBI's quest may not end at crime branch. A senior crime branch official said, \"We do not have the documents with us any more. Earlier, when the case was being probed by the high court-appointed special investigation team (SIT), we had handed over all documents, including the intelligence input to the investigators.\" CBI investigations have thrown up an interesting fact about the SIT's probe. In November 2011, when SIT officials were gearing up to file their final action taken report before the HC, the investigators got an anonymous letter.When SIT officials opened the envelope containing the letter, they also found some bangles inside. The anonymous writer had minced no words to criticize SIT's investigation and made some scathing remarks on the officials' motives.\"The anonymous letter also said that everybody knows that Ishrat was kept in illegal custody at the home of a crime branch constable Nizamuddin Saiyed. And that Saiyed is being shielded by influential cops. On November 18 - after the SIT had filed its final report - Saiyed was called for questioning by SIT. Saiyed provided proof of his presence in the crime branch office at the time of encounter. SIT officials also verified the statement of Saiyed and allegations about his residence in Juhapura being used to hold Ishrat. HHowever the allegation could not be proved,\" said CBI officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937041", "title": "In Ek Deewana Tha Prateik plays a Romeo", "text": "If God lies in the details then Ek Deewana Tha, Tamil-Telugu director Gautham Menon's first Hindi film in 11 years,makes it all the way to the church.But hang on with those bells. Indeed courtship is treated as a religion in this intense take on that thing called love. The romantic situations though weather-beaten and seen in scores of films,exudes a sincerity and a freshness ,thanks to the locations.And we don't mean just the mesmeric backwaters of Kerala and the leafy bylanes of suburban Mumbai.A master storyteller, Gautham Menon locates his story right in his leading man Prateik's heart. The gentle actor carries off the role of the love-struck adamant Romeo with a more than a fair amount of earnest passion,bringing to his character a landscape of longing desire bitterness and finally satisfaction in love.The initial scenes where the modern-day Romeo Sachin(Prateik) tails his landlord's daughter(stilted newcomer Amy Jackson) radiate an ambrosial amour.The mo'bike, the furtive glances, the movie sneaked together...it's all done with a warm splendour that covers a range from the sly to the tender.A R Rahman's music is used for a number of dance pieces where Prateik uses his newly-enhanced body language to show us what love can do to an ordinary regular guy aspiring to be a filmmaker under the tutelage of , ahem, Ramesh Sippy who at some point spews this wisdom on the lovelorn Sachin: \"First solve your heart problem then get back to work.\"The trouble with this elegantly-packaged but somewhat selfidulgently-edited love story is that it takes a very long to get to the point. Like many notable love stories directed by South Indian directors the aaj ka Romeo must prove his love by traveling through various cities and emotional levels before...well,getting there.The journey in Ek Deewana Tha is not as bracing as in K Balachander's Ek Duuje Ke Liye or Mani Ratnam's Saathiya. But there are many nerve-points in the storytelling that pinches the pulse of the core emotion.It's the detailing that both nourishes and diminishes the film's impact.Menon takes us through the various levels in the love relationship in excruciating detail leaving nothing and everything to chance. While delineating every step in the courtship the screenplay also makes room for plenty of those quirky coincidences that make for a star-crossed love affair.Interestingly like last week's Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu the couple's love reaches a point of no denouement.And then Menon pulls back. In a lengthy monologue(well written and enacted by Prateik, but far too long and self-indulgent specially since it comes at the fag-end of the story) the entire relationship unravels and comes undone in a twirl and torrent of emotions.And there you know,Gautham Menon has got a hang of the romance. Like Prateik's courtship this film is labour of love. Problem is, the going gets laborious after a point. But for the diehard romantic Ek Deewana Tha lets us into a world where love is not only a means to salvation ,it is also a helluva pain in a place where it hurts the most.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937124", "title": "Moves like Jagger, hit in Chennai", "text": "Yes, the party brigade of Chennai did move like Mick Jagger , thanks to Adam Levine and Christina Aguilera's spirited rendition that's become the hottest thing this season.No matter where you are or what you do, the DJ only has to play this number and we wager you, it'll be hard to resist. Sway your hips, put your hands in the air and move to the dance floor - the message couldn't be any clearer, for the zone was packed to the hilt with the nimble-footed lot of the city. And like a Black Swan in the throes of her love song, the revellers just lost themselves to the music and the mood of the night. This popular pub played host to all this and more as yet another weekend crept up on the crimson skies of Chennai, painting the town in lurid shades of vermillion. And even before you could say, 'what's plans for the weekend, maccha?', they were ready to rock 'n' roll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934458", "title": "Extra AC coach added to Indore-Jabalpur Express", "text": "INDORE: Heeding to the demand of passengers, the Western Railways has permanently added an extra AC 3 coach to Indore-Jabalpur Express (11471). Therefore, the train will now have AC 1, AC 2, two AC III, nine sleeper and six general coaches. In total, there would be 19 coaches in the train.Meanwhile, to cope with the summer rush, the railway administration has decided to introduce a special train from April 6 to July 1 between Ajmer and Hyderabad. The train would run via Kota. Train number 07106 Hyderabad-Ajmer Special will run from April 6 to 25 June on Fridays. The train will leave Hyderabad at 21.35 and reach Bhopal the next day at 21.00. Other stations enroute Ajmer are Sehore (21.40), Shujalpur (22.40), Bercha (23.00), Ujjain (00.30), and Nagda(1.40), Chanderia(08.20), Chittorgarh(10.20), Bhilwada(11.25), Vijaynagar(12.50), Nasirabad (13.25)and Ajmer(14.30).While on return, the train number 07105 Ajmer-Hyderabad special will run from April 8 to July 1 on Sundays. The train will leave Ajmer at 22.45 and cross Chanderiya (1.45), Chittorgarh (2.00), Nagda(9.40), Ujjain(11.05), Bercha(12.05), Shuljapur(12.40), Sehore(13.20), Bhopal(14.40) before reaching Hyderabad at 14.00 hours.The special train will stop at Secunderabad, Malkajgiri, Medchal, Kamareddy, Nizamabad, Basar, Dharmabad, Mudkhed, Nanded, Poorna, Parbhani, Jalna, Aurangabad, Manmad, Itarsi, Bhopal, Sehore, Shujalpur, Bercha, Ujjain, Nagda, Kota, Bundi, Mandakgarh, Chanderiya, Chittorgarh, Bhilwada, Vijaynagar and Nasirabad stations. The train will have one AC 2, two ACIII, seven sleepers and eight general coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "uils students top hjs", "code": "11934483", "title": "UILS students top HJS: 16 alumni of University Institute of Legal S...", "text": "UILS students top HJS: 16 alumni of University Institute of Legal Studies (UILS), Panjab University, have made it to the final selection-cum-merit list released for Haryana Judicial Services (HJS). In the general category list, Vikramjit Singh, Himanshu Arora and Kirti Vashista, all alumni of the institute, have bagged the top three positions respectively. In the reserved category list Archna Kohli has earned the third position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934372", "title": "Northern sectors may go vertical, bloated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The face of the northern sectors could soon change with the UT architecture department finalizing the nitty-gritty of Apartment Act, which is proposed to be introduced for redensification of the first phase of the city.The master plan committee is studying the commercial and legal repercussions of the move and whether it would actually result in moving in more families in sectors 1-30 with division of sprawling houses.A panel member confirmed that the Act was under active consideration. \"The idea is to rule out any pitfalls like apartments not have separate kitchens, which would defeat the purpose,\" said the member.There are several kanal houses in sectors 1-15 which have only an old couple living with servants. Their children settled in bigger cities or abroad would be keen to go in for change of land use.The committee is of the view that since three storeys are already allowed in city, redensification of houses would not violate the height control restrictions.The Apartment Act has been hotly debated in the city. Division within family is a scenario to which there is near consensus. \"If the owner of a three storyed housepasses it on to three heirs and they decide to divide one floor each and have it registered separately,\" said an official.\"But if somebody has a plot (as in Delhi), gives it to a builder to construct eight floors, half of which he keeps and rest are sold, there are divergent views as there is apprehension that it could spoil the face of the city,\" he added.The architecture department has taken the plea that Corbusier had made a case for redensification in the first phase. In a note believed to have been written in April 1964, Corbusier had made a brief reference, \"At some point in time, there will be a need for redensification of the first phasea?\u00a6\"It was in 2003 that UT allowed redensification for bifurcation of larger plots in the first phase of Chandigarh for construction of flats, which became a serious cause of concern. Later, a delegation met Sonia Gandhi in 2006 that the proposal was dropped. 1964: Corbusier hints at redensification of first phase 2003: UT initiates move to allow bifurcation of large plots 2006: Delegation of city residents meets Sonia Gandhi 2006: UT drops Apartment Act proposal 2008: UT allows relaxations in bylaws in marla houses 2012: Master plan committee again considers redensification", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932596", "title": "Congress rebels say they were right about nominations", "text": "MUMBAI: A number of rebel candidates who were denied tickets by the Congress and the NCP have won BMC seats or have been instrumental in the defeat of the parties' official candidates. Emboldened by this, Congress leaders who had objected to the party's nominees are now out to score points within the party.Ajit Sawant, a senior Congress functionary who was suspended by the party after voicing his dissent over ticket distribution, said the \"party could have avoided such a disaster had it paid little attention to what party workers like me had been saying\". Over 10 Congress rebels have won seats.\"Action was taken against me for stating that there was unrest in the party ranks over the candidate selection process. I had endorsed the candidature of some of those who have won as independents. They were denied tickets and contested as rebels,\" Sawant said. \"This is what ultimately led to the party's downfall.\"Interestingly, the Dahisar-Malad belt, which saw the most intensive rebellion during the election campaign, was the least affected by the rebel factor. The Congress has retained 11 of the 13 wards it held here. In a Malad ward the party lost, rebel Rajendra Shirsat was responsible for the defeat of the official candidate, Jayesh Shah.Sanjay Nirupam, a functionary of the All India Congress Committee and an MP from the region, said the rebel factor had adversely impacted the party in many pockets in the city. He said the entire poll campaign of the party lacked \"proper coordination and approach\".Nirupam, along with another MP, Priya Dutt , expressed displeasure at the selection of some candidates and blamed the party's city unit for ignoring dissenting voices.The party went on to lose a number of seats where no consensus on candidature could be built. For instance, a decision to deny former corporator Lalitha Annamalai a ticket from Zari Mari, Kurla, where her husband S Annamalai is a sitting corporator, backfired. Annamalai won as an independent. Similarly, Shantaram Patil, a local party functionary in Chembur, joined the Samajwadi Party after he was denied a ticket for ward 133. He, too, won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "11933325", "title": "40 marijuana plants seized from estate", "text": "MADIKERI: Madikeri rural police have seized marijuana that was being grown on an estate at Heravanadu near Madikeri. Acting on a tip-off, police raided the land belonging to one Carmana alias Sabu at Heravanadu and found 40 marijuana plants being grown. Though the accused took to his heels, the plants were confiscated. An investigation is on to capture the culprit.Mom, Kids Kill SelvesIn a heart-rending incident, people found the dead bodies of a mother and her children in a lake at Haraga village near Somwarpet on Thursday evening. According to police, Kavita, 30, had gone missing since Wednesday afternoon along with her children aged 6 and 9. Their bodies were recovered from the lake. Reason for the suicide is not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11934273", "title": "Maha shivratri: Massive security plan in place for the grand festival", "text": "VARANASI: This \"permanent abode\" of Lord Shiva is gearing to witness massive exercise to beef up security and sanitation, especially around the prominent temples, in view of the upcoming Maha Shivratri festival which falls on Monday.Interestingly, though the district administration did not get time to relax after the peaceful conduct of third phase of polling in the UP assembly elections in the region, it has already moved ahead to ensure peaceful celebrations of the festivity that draws devotees from near and far away places.Beefing up security and strengthening sanitation around prominent temples of Lord Shiva in the city is right on the top of priority list and some work has already started. In addition, repair of approaching roads leading to temples and bolstering power supply is also at the top to ensure peaceful celebrations of the festivity. We have already instructed the district police and PWD to come up with barricading around Kashi Vishwanath Temple (KVT) that attracts maximum devotees on the occasion, said MP Singh, ADM (City) on Friday.As per reports of ADM (City) office, stringent security measures with adequate deployment of police is being ensured at prominent temples of Lord Shiva including KVT, Kedareshwar, Tilbhandeshwar Mahadev, Mrityunjaya Mahadev, Omkaleswar Mahadev, Kameshwar Mahadev, Laat Bhairav, Rameshwar Mahadev, Markandeya Mahadev, Shooltankeshwar and Vishwanath Temple (BHU).The circle officers would be patrolling in their areas besides keeping tab on duty of police forces. Similarly, instructions have given to complete barricading work till Saturday, two days before the festivity.While the decoration of some of the temples including Mrityunjaya Mahadev started on Friday, strengthening sanitation drives along the temples are also at the top of priority list.Administration sources said apart from repair of approaching roads leading to temples, efforts are also being made to coordinate early repair of roads that have been dug up for laying of sewerage pipeline by Jal Nigam in different parts of the city. In addition, sanitation team under Varanasi nagar Nigam has been kept on alert to ensure cleanliness around prominent temples in different shifts before the festivity.Taking note of the unsatisfactory power supply in the city, the district administration has specifically instructed PVVNL to ensure uninterrupted power supply during the festivity. The replacement of damaged wires and deployment of trolley transformers for providing emergency power supply has been also instructed to strengthen preparations before the festivity.It may be mentioned here that KVT, the famous temple of Lord Shiva in the city, also falls in high risk zone attracting stringent security arrangements in the heart of the city. While devotees would be asked to stand in a queue for worshipping, deployment of women police would be made to facilitate the process, especially for women devotees through separate route.Similarly, Jal Kal department that looks after water supply in the city, has been instructed to come up with deployment of mobile water tankers at strategic crossings, including Baijnatha, Sarang Mahadev, Maidagin and Godaulia, during the festivity. Also, the fire-fighting team would be deployed at prominent crossings like Godaulia, Maidagin, Lahurabir, Englisisyaline and Cantonment to ensure peaceful celebrations. The close circuit television cameras would be active inside the temple premises to keep tab on devotees on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11932907", "title": "Thieves make merry during power cuts", "text": "TRICHY: Along with unscheduled power cuts, the threat of thieves striking during powerless nights has further added to the woes Trichy residents. Early on Friday morning, 30 sovereigns of gold ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh were stolen from a house in KK Nagar.The incident took place in the house of R Dhatchinamoorthy, a retired railway staffer, who lived with his wife and children on Bharathiyar street, in KK Nagar. Irked by the frequent interruption in power supply, the family had kept the window of one of the rooms in their house open on Thursday night, to let in some air. When Dhatchanamoorthy woke up at 3.30 am to attend nature's call, he was shocked to find an almirah in the room open and 30 sovereigns of gold ornaments missing. The thieves had gained entry into the house by cutting through the mosquito net on the window. They had then used a steel rod to break open the almirah which was near the window and stolen the jewels.In another incident, thieves stole Rs 5,000 from the residence of a bank employee, Latha, on Poosari street situated near Bharathiyar street. Similar tactics had been used to break open the almirah, however, the thieves did not find any valuables there. The thieves then stole money kept in a hand-bag lying on the table.However, the thieves fled the house of Robert Edison on Bharathiyar street, when the residents woke up after hearing an unusual noise.According to Kaveri, the sub-inspector of police at the KK Nagar police station, the thief was however, not identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11934477", "title": "Savio Coutinho violated election code: Police probe", "text": "MARGAO: Inquiries by the police into a complaint lodged by the ex-chairperson of Margao municipal council Savio Coutinho, who is contesting from Margao on the Trinamool Congress party ticket against chief minister Digambar Kamat, have revealed that Coutinho himself had violated the model code of conduct by not taking permissions for erecting his banners and other propaganda material.\"Savio Coutinho has admitted to the police that he had not taken permission for erecting banners on a compound wall and on his office. He has thus violated the model code of conduct,\" returning officer and Salcete SDM, Dasharath Redkar, told TOI.Coutinho had lodged a complaint with the returning officer on Thursday stating that the chief minister's supporters \"burnt our flags and fired crackers right in the presence of Kamat\" near Coutinho's campaign office at Ratwado Thursday afternoon. He had further accused Kamat's supporters of behaving in an unruly and violent manner. Redkar said that one of Kamat's supporters named in the complaint has denied that he was present at the place at the time the incident took place.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932530", "title": "Young, Educated And Raring To Go", "text": "LUCKNOW: They may be freshers in the electoral fray in the state capital, and their political careers yet uncertain.But, their presence in the poll arena points to a growing trend among political parties to go for young faces. Of the 30 candidates contesting for pole position in Lucknow's five urban constituencies, 10 candidates are 40 years or below. The oldest candidate contesting for a seat of power in Lucknow, on the other hand, is 79-yearold Vidya Sagar Gupta, contesting on a BJP ticket from Lucknow Central.In fact, the assembly election throws up a number of instances, where the youngsters are challenging the hegemony of the aging leaders and the seasoned warhorses. And with youth being the new catch phrase, young netas- most of them educated professionals - are not shying from foraying into the political territory.To begin with, three 26-year-old candidates, Abhishek Singh and Ram Nath, representing Janata Dal (United), along with Peace Party's Surendrapal Singh are testing political waters from Lucknow North, Lucknow Central and Lucknow Cantonment respectively.Good education, though, appears to be the norm for nearly all party candidates in Lucknow. Only six candidates out of the total 30 have not been educated beyond senior secondary levels.Among candidates who have declared their educational qualifications, Congress' Faqir Siddiqui from Lucknow Central is the least qualified, having passed Class 8. Mukut Bihari, JD(U)'s candidate from Lucknow Cantonment, on the other hand, has not declared his educational qualifications.Then there are also four candidates in Lucknow, armed with a doctorate degree, attempting to connect with the educated middle class. Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee Chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi, a professor of History from Allahabad University will test political waters from Lucknow Cantonment. Peace Party's Aziz Khan from Lucknow West, academician and former IIM professor Abhishek Mishra from Lucknow North and Ramesh Srivastava of the Congress from Lucknow East are the other candidates who have dabbled in academics before turning to active politics.If Lucknow's candidates are young and educated, many among them have also displayed a remarkable ability to rake in the big bucks. As many as 16 candidates in the city are crorepatis; with Bahujan Samaj Party's Arun Dwivedi, being the richest, with total assets exceeding a whopping Rs 14 crore.There are others in the fray breaching the 10 crore boundary. Juhie Singh, daughter of former UP chief secretary AP Singh, contesting on a SP ticket from Lucknow East stands second, with her total assets amounting to Rs 8.44 crore. Among other crorepatis putting their all into winning the pogoes to polls on February 19, there is also an anomalous distribution of candidates, on the gender front, in Lucknow. Only 3 out of the 30 persons fielded in the city are women candidates. In Lucknow cantonment, Rita Joshi, a veteran politician has sounded the poll bugle, while SP's 46-year old Suresh Chauhan will put up a fight against Joshi.In Lucknow East, Juhie Singh will make her poll debut, fighting to win the seat out of the clutches of seasoned BJP politician Kalraj Mishra, also contesting UP polls for the first time.Mukut Bihari and SP's Suresh Chauhan are the only candidates in the urban regions of Lucknow, who have not revealed their PAN card details in their affidavits. Huge differences in wealth distribution are not the only concerns plaguing the political war in Lucknow. As the city does not apply to all, and differences in wealth are significant. Mukut Bihari, JD(U)'s 54-year-old candidate from Lucknow Cantonment has declared total assets of Rs 33,600 only, while Abhishek Singh, the 26-year-old JD(U) first timer from Lucknow North has assets of Rs 59,600. litical battle are Lucknow North's Ashutosh alias Gopal Tandon, SP's academician candidate Abhishek Mishra, Rita Joshi of the Congress and Mohammed Rehan of SP. Prosperity, though seen among nearly all candidates contesting from Lucknow.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11933713", "title": "Air Marshal visits IAF station", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Air Marshal and Air Officer, Commanding-in-Chief, Maintenance Command, Nagpur, Jagdish Chandra visited Air Force station, Manauri on Friday. He was accompanied by his wife and President of Air Force Wives Welfare Association (Regional) Sharmila Chandra.The air marshal and his wife were received by Air Commodore KS Phansalkar, Air Officer Commanding, Air Force Station, Manuari and Medha K Phansalkar, President, Air Force Wives Welfare Association (Local) at Bamrauli Airport. He was presented a guard of honour on his arrival.The air marshal visited various sections and sites of the station like Air Force School, various messes, old and new married accommodation area. He expressed happiness over the improvement brought out in the quality of life of the personnel and use of modern technology in work culture.Sharmila Chandra visited various ventures run by AFWWA (L) and Station Medicare Centre. She attended Air Force Wives Welfare Association's meeting where a cultural programme was presented by the 'Sanginis' of AFWWA (L). President of AFWWA (L) Medha K Phansalkar briefed her about the welfare activities which were being undertaken by the AFWWA (L).Sharmila Chandra also visited Air Force School, Manuari where she was briefed about various educational activities which are undertaken by the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933184", "title": "Only BJP members to probe Porngate", "text": "BANGALORE: The House committee set up by speaker KG Bopaiah to probe Porngate, in which three former ministers were allegedly viewing sleazy clips in the assembly, will have only BJP members as three of the seven members have pulled out.\"We have no faith in the committee and don't want to be part of it,'' said HC Mahadevappa, a former minister and one of the members from the Congress. On Thursday, Bopaiah formed a seven-member committee to inquire into watching the sleazy clippings by former ministers Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and Krishna J Palemar.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda met Bopaiah and held an in-camera meeting on Friday morning. Gowda told reporters that the the stand of Congress and JD(S) not participating in the House committee probe is against democratic principles. \"The speaker has set up the committee in accordance with the rules of the House. Boycotting it would amount to setting a bad precedent. Let opposition members make their viewpoint in the committee instead of running away from their responsibility,'' Gowda said..Opposition leaders dubbed the probe an eyewash claiming that this particular episode doesn't need any investigation as it was all there for all to see in TV newscasts. Sources said the speaker would go ahead with the probe anway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11931828", "title": "No Bangkok link: Cops scour chemical hubs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after home ministry sources confirmed that the bombs used in the Bangkok attacks and the Israeli embassy car attack in Delhi were not of the same make, the special cell has begun making rounds of the chemical markets in the NCR region, including Khari Baoli in central Delhi and Pilakuah in Ghaziabad. The Indian bomb, the sources said, was \"more crude\" in nature.The cops, however, said that like most other exercises, the investigations on these lines have so far drawn a blank.\"We are basically looking for a foreign national who might have visited these markets,\" said a cop, adding that with no sketch of the accused available till Friday evening, the police are groping in the dark.In its search to find the local angle in the \"international plot\" to target the Israeli embassy cars in the capital, the special investigation team of Delhi Police probing the February 13 attack on Aurangzeb Road has claimed that they have now come across literature, which was recovered from the local terror outfits, from the past decade that called for an unified fight against the \"Zionist nation\" of Israel to end \"the reign of terror and occupation on the Palestinian people\".The police said the Lashkar-e-Toiba - and not its Indian offshoot, Indian Mujahideen - had tried to forge the alliance with the Lebanese Hezbollah towards the end of the 90s. However, cops still do not have evidence to prove that the two jointly carried out any attack.The cops are studying the modus operandi of the previous blasts after it emerged that traces of potassium chlorate and potassium nitrate might have been used in the bomb. Though such bombs have been used in India by the Lashkar operatives before, the use of nitroglycerine is a first.Cops are also studying whether the modus operandi of Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorist Abdul Karim Tunda, operating out of western UP, was used in Monday's attack. He resorts to a crude way of assembling explosive material where acid is used as a triggering mechanism to detonate a bomb. The modus operandi was used in late 1990s and early 2000s to set off explosions in various parts of the country, especially in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11940667", "title": "'Sequels &amp; remakes are not indicator of bankruptcy of ideas'", "text": "Celebrated actor Ashutosh Rana who would soon be seen in Aab Tak Chappan2 feels, \"that sequels and remakes which are rampant in the industry, is not an indicator of bankruptcy of ideas but it involves a lot of creativity.It is not or copy of the original but presenting the original stories in a different manner so it requires a lot of creativity in order to attract the audience towards the film\", he says,Ashutosh, who in Varanasi in connection with a religious programme organised by his guru Dev Prabhakar Shastri, daddaji, feels \"that he is a very positive person which helps him in playing negative roles in films in a positive manner. My spiritual leanings helps me to do things everything with a positive approach,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934476", "title": "Girl found hanging from ceiling", "text": "INDORE: A girl with learning disabilities was found hanging from the ceiling of her room in Rajendra Nagar on Friday. Police informed that the family members of the 20-year-old girl have said that this was her fourth attempt to commit suicide.The mentally challenged girl reportedly committed suicide in Rajendra Nagar area here on Friday.Police said that Roshni, daughter of Shiv Narain was found hanging in her room on the first floor at around 12 noon. When she hanged herself from the ceiling, her sister-in-law was downstairs while her mother had gone to the market.Police said the girl had in the past tried twice to hang herself and once she doused herself in kerosene, but family members timely intervention saved her.Police have sent the body to district hospital for the post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11933919", "title": "Fairer sex fares higher in NMC elections", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time in the history of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the number of women corporators is higher than men. Of the total 145 seats, the fairer sex covered 74 seats while the men were left with just 71 in the 2012 NMC election.Former mayor and BJP candidate from Ravinagar, Maya Iwnate created history by winning from a general seat beating five men. Iwnate secured 6,428 votes beating closest rival, NCP candidate Yogesh Masram who garnered 4,124 votes. Thus, Ravinagar ward has two women corporators. The other women candidate Varsha Thakre who emerged victorious is also from BJP. She contested from women reservation seat.In the two-member ward system, Airport ward is having two women corporators and one man. Here two women - both from Congress Rekha Barahate and Rajshri Pannase - have emerged victorious. Thus, two wards have two women corporators each. In 2007 election, 48 women corporators were elected of total 136 seats.In a total opposite aspect, mayor Archana Dehankar lost by a big margin to a new face from Congress Harshala Sable. Among the sitting women corporators, Congress' Sujatha Kombade won from Medical ward followed by Neeta Thakre of BJP from Ramanamaroti, Alka Dalal of Shiv Sena from Bastarwari, Pragati Patil of NCP from Civil Lines, and Harshala Jaiswal of BSP from Vaishali Nagar.Interestingly, two former women corporators Abha Pande of Congress and Chetna Tank of BJP emerged victorious from Maskasath and Bhandewadi respectively. In an another interesting development, sitting corporator Manoj Sangole lost but his wife Savita Sangole, an Independent, won from Nari. Sitting corporator Kamlesh Chaudhary also lost but his mother Meena Chaudhary got elected from Vayu Sena ward. Another sitting corporator Babbi Bawa did not contested but his wife Dimpi Bawa emerged victorious from Mecosabagh. Of the remaining women corporators, many of them are new faces.As far as major political parties are concerned, number of women corporators is high in BJP at 33 of total 62 followed by the Congress with 15 of total 41. Of total 12 seats won by BSP, 5 are women and those include Harshala Jaiswal, Shabana Paravin, Manisha Ghodeshwar, Satyabhama Lokhande, and Lalita Patil. Shiv Sena had won six seats and three are women including Dalal, Sarita Tiwari from Ajni, and Mangala Gawre from Dighori. In NCP, 2 of total 6 are women corporators.In fact, it was also a women corporator who first opened the account in the NMC. BJP candidate from Deekshabhoomi/Shankar Nagar Vishaka Maind emerged victorious unanimously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934602", "title": "Four children escape from Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: Four juveniles in conflict with the law escaped from the state-run home, Apna Ghar, on Friday night.Old Goa police said they received information from Apna Ghar staff that four children had run away from the home at about 8.30pm.\"While two of the children who escaped are aged 16, one is 17 years old and another is 15 years old. We have registered a missing complaint,\" an Old Goa police official said.Inadequate security at Apna Ghar facilitated the escape by the minors. The construction of a compound wall is taking place at the back of the building, and bricks, wood and laterite stones were lying around the place.\"The children finished dinner and went to the toilet. They then placed some wood on the stone and jumped over the wall and ran away. We are trying to trace them,\" said a source at Apna Ghar.In the past too many children lodged at Apna Ghar have managed to escape from the home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11933992", "title": "Aurangabad: Land dispute halts work on Nabinagar plant for 12 days", "text": "PATNA: The imbroglio over the 1,000MW power plant coming up at Nabinagar in Aurangabad district refuses to die down. Work is stalled for the last 12 days at the plant, being set up jointly by the Railways and National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ), by the agitating farm e r s whose land has been acquired for the plant.They are now demanding the same price as given to the f a r m e r s whose land has been acquired for ano t h e r 3 x 6 6 0 M W power plant coming up at Nabinagar itself. While the compensation for land for the 1,980MW power project was fixed at Rs 22 lakh per acre, for the 1,000 MW project the price has been fixed at Rs 13.80 lakh per acre for multi-crop land and Rs 6.40 lakh for one-crop land.Farmers of the region have now put forth a six-point demand as pre-condition for allowing the work to start. Their demands include same price for the land acquired for two similar projects, government job to a member of each family whose land has been taken, payment of Rs 40,000 per acre every year to the affected farmers under the rehabilitation policy, one-time payment for 750 days to the labourers engaged in plant construction work, payment for residential land as per the high court order and issuance of contract amounting to Rs 25 lakh to the farmers without inviting tenders for the same.Says president of the Visthapit Mazdoor Kisan Kalyan Samiti, Ramprasad Singh, \"Our demands are genuine . There could not be two rates for two similar projects. We demand the same price for our land as given to the d i s p l a c e d farmers for the 1980MW super thermal power project.\" The farmers' agitation is proving to be a drain on the exchequer as over Rs 1,000 crore has already been spent over the project, estimated to cost Rs 4,560 crore. The Bhartiya Rail Bijlee Company Limited (BRBCL) set up for the purpose is incurring losses worth lakhs per day due to the agitation of the farmers. When contacted, Aurangabad DM Abhay Kumar Singh put the onus on the farmers and BRBCL. \"The farmers are making demands from the company. It is a matter between them and the BRBCL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932117", "title": "Govt website hackers traced to foreign countries", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cyber Investigating agencies have intensified the probe into hacking of 27 government websites. The preliminary probe revealed that the hacking was executed by proxies from foreign countries, including Algeria, Bangladesh and Myanmar.Based on the complaint lodged by the IT department officials about the hacking of government websites, CID sleuths booked cases under sections 65 and 66 of the IT Act on Thursday.A team of CID Cyber Crime sleuths, supported by National Informatics Centre (NIC), KPMG, Wipro team and some experts recommended by Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) have started working on the hacking issue.The team has zeroed in on some URLs of the hackers and the tracking of them revealed that proxy computers in Algeria, Bangladesh and Myanmar were used to launch the attack.\"Our team is working hard to track down the accused but the process will take some time,\" additional DG, CID, SV Ramana Murthy told TOI. So far the investigating team has not been able to ascertain the motive of the hackers.Among the 27 government websites which were hacked, so far only has been restored and important websites like are yet to be reloaded.\"We are auditing all the affected websites and once the process is done all the sites will be restored. The process may take a day or two,\" secretary IT &amp; C Sanjay Jaju told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937550", "title": "\"Being different\" by being yourself", "text": "\"I think the word 'Tolerance' is extremely patronising. Doesn't is make more sense to use the word 'Respect'?\" asks Rajiv Malhotra when asked to comment on the title of his book 'Being Different'. \"The western civilisation with its claims to exclusivity and unique historicity views India from a position of superiority. And that's why words like 'religious tolerance' has underlying connotation of dominance,\" he says.Rajiv's 'Being Different - An Indian Challenge to Western Universalism' is currently used as reference book in University of Delhi for MA students in Psychology. In the book I wish to communicate that we are different and there is nothing wrong with remaining that way. There are various views that the West holds about India and the aim is to shift the gaze - from seeing ourselves from the Western perspective - we see ourselves for who we are and what we are. The cultural hegemony has simply got to stop,\" says Rajiv.The book certainly hopes to seed some ideas in the minds of the students. According to Rajiv, \"Our students need to harness our cultural wealth. There are various ideas presented in the book. The Dharmic idea of 'sapekshata' a Sanskrit word for unity in diversity facilitates inter-subjectivity, solidarity and fraternity across paths and identities. Another Dharmic idea of 'purva-paksha' encourages individuals to become truly knowledgeable about alternative perspectives, to approach the other side with respect and to forego the desire to simply \"win\". In management institutes this book will increase the understanding of business communities of India and America.\"Presently there are more Indian students in US universities than any other foreign students and in Rajiv's view elite Indians learn to understand the Western sensibilities better, which is not the case the other way round. \"It's all about embracing each others uniqueness,\" Rajiv tells us. \"I did much prefer if the US first appreciated the opponent's perspective before meriting their own views. This attitude promotes mutual respect for all cultures all over the world, which is a much required trait in these dark times.\"According to Rajiv Indians also need to understand that it's a bad idea to mirror the western culture. \"While there are many positive lessons to take from the US, we need to also learn from the American mistakes and not repeat them.\" His biggest criticism against Indian's is their enthusiasm to fit into someone else's picture. \"It's outrages to change the chanting of Om to Amen to suit the Americans. We have to learn to demand and receive respect on our own terms without having to accept every western standard,\" he emphasises.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932938", "title": "Israeli embassy car attack: Victim's version puts probe on new track", "text": "NEW DELHI: Theories about Monday's bomb attack on an Israeli car had to be hastily reassessed after disclosures by Tal Yehoshua Koren, the injured diplomat, put into doubt presumptions about the bomb and the bomber.Koren is believed to have told the cops the bomb exploded 30 to 40 seconds after being stuck to the vehicle and the bomber was wearing black clothes and riding a black bike.Investigators went to the hospital to record Koren's statement under section 161 of the Criminal Procedure Code on Friday. Later in the day, she left for Israel in an air ambulance.Officials said this information could well change the assumption that the bomb was a low-intensity incendiary device, which explodes within three to five seconds. Also, cops have been acting on inputs that the bomber was on a red bike wearing a brown jacket.Officials said if the bomb took that long to explode, its make would be different from what was being presumed and it would have a timer or remote device as well. \"We have to take a relook at all our theories,\" an official said.A highly place source told TOI that Koren was confident while giving her statement. \"I saw a biker close to my car when I was going to the American embassy. There was a push on the car from behind and I saw the biker. I thought the biker had touched the car. I even lowered the windowpanes to say something to him but he escaped by then,\" she told the cops.According to officials, when asked if she was able to see the biker's face, Koren said, \"As I remember, the biker was wearing a black helmet and black clothes. I think the bike he was riding was also a black one.\" However, she could not identify the make of the bike, nor did she note the registration number.The investigators reportedly gave her the version of events as reported by eyewitness Gopal Krishnan. What she revealed after that took the cops by surprise. According to the source, she said, \"The bomb exploded almost 30 to 40 seconds after there was a sudden push on the car.\"Asked if she had noticed any biker following her after she left the Israeli embassy that afternoon, Koren replied in the negative.Investigators say Koren's statements will change the approach of the probe. \"CCTV footages from the entire New Delhi district would be rechecked now for tracking black bikes,\" said a source.Meanwhile, a Mossad team, along with local cops, went to the blast site on Aurangzeb Road on Friday and recreated the incident. Officials say there are no clues about the perpetrators of the attack yet.Koren left for her home country in an air ambulance on Friday. She was accompanied by her husband - an Israeli defence ministry representative, and a team of doctors. Doctors treating her at Primus Ortho Hospital in New Delhi since Monday said there was no threat to her life but the left leg remained immobile.The 40-year-old diplomat was on stretcher when she was whisked away in an ambulance through the back gate of the hospital around 4.25pm and was taken to Indira Gandhi International Airport where the air ambulance was waiting for her.Yehoshua suffered multiple injuries on Monday when a biker attached an explosive device on her car. She was going to receive her children from school. The device exploded with a thunder, setting the Innova on fire. The driver of the car, Manoj Kumar, and two others had received minor injuries.Dr Shalabh Mohan, senior consultant laproscopic surgeon at the hospital, said Yehoshua was terrified and shocked when she was brought to the hospital on Monday with severe spine and liver injuries but had gained confidence in the last two-three days. \"She was cheerful and confident. Her husband, children and officials from the embassy visited her regularly and she would speak to them with poise,\" said Mohan.He added that there was no need for any immediate surgery. \"The shrapnel that hit her in the spine has been removed. It was pressing the nerves in the spinal cord that caused the partial paralysis in the left leg. Post-surgery, we hope there will be some improvement in limb movement. Also, she has wounds in her back for which she will require to undergo dressings daily,\" Dr Mohan said.Another senior doctor, a part of the team of doctors operating on the diplomat, added that few shrapnel were still lodged in the patient's liver and lung but these did not pose any immediate threat to life.\"When she was brought to the hospital about 3.50pm on Monday, she was bleeding profusely. There was laceration in the liver. We conducted a minor surgery to check the bleeding but shrapnel have not been completely removed yet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11933539", "title": "Corporation rues lack of engineers on its payrolls", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Corporation is bound to execute many development projects, but the local body lacks engineering experts, including an environmental engineer to advise and analyse these projects.In their absence, the civic body fails to put in place a foolproof system to monitor programme implementation. Though the corporation has put forward the demand for sanctioning posts of electrical, automobile and environment engineers, the state has yet to give its approval.While presenting the budget for 2011-2012, B Bhadra, finance committee, chairperson, had pointed out that the service of the three experts were required for effective functioning of the local body. As the corporation owns about 1,000 buildings and around 100 vehicles, the services of an electrical engineer and automobile engineer have become essential. The local body looks after the maintenance of more than 40,000 street lights.\"Presently, we depend on the services of an electrical supervisor. The corporation does not have a garage to repair its vehicles and when a vehicle breaks down, it takes months to get it back on the roads,\" said corporation secretary, Ajit Patel. Moreover, the authorities are forced to depend on details provided by contractors or their engineers. Speaking on the local body's future plan, Patel said that they would continue to negotiate with the government for these postings.With the state government remaining adamant about not providing services of environment engineers, local bodies find it difficult to implement solid waste treatment projects. In Kochi corporation, the waste treatment is carried out under the supervision of a doctor, who is posted as a health officer.Though Kochi Corporation insisted on appointing more engineers, veterinary doctors, librarians and surveyors, the local body found it difficult to raise funds from their own sources. The state government is hesitant to take up these issues due to objections from the finance department. If the posts are sanctioned for Kochi, the government will be forced to provide it for the remaining four corporations- Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Thrissur and Kozhikode.Meanwhile, the existing staff has demanded forming common municipal service in the state. The union wanted the government to take up the responsibility of providing wages and pension for municipal employees.It also demanded strict enforcement of norms and guidelines associated with the transfer of employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932019", "title": "Why cops lose in photo finish", "text": "NEW DELHI: Long after a crime is committed, investigators are usually left with dark, defocused or badly composed photos of the crime scene to prove their point in court. It's been happening for years but when a city court on Thursday expressed anger over the \"highly unprofessional work\" done by police photographers in a murder case, it turned the spotlight on one of the weakest links of the police's forensics chain.If you think the lathi-wielding Delhi Police constable is underequipped, just take a look at the department's 'photographers'. Forget high-resolution SLR cameras with macro lenses and advanced lighting gear, these untrained personnel are still making do with ordinary film cameras. The department has provided digital cameras to only its Crime Branch and Special Cell and, surprisingly, the traffic wing employs two professional photographers. But those in the police districts - who do all the ground work in the everyday murder, accident, robbery and rape cases - are stuck with obsolete tools.A constable on 'camera duty' told TOI: \"We still do not have digital cameras. Often, the negatives deteriorate as a case drags on for years. In the absence of a central lab, storing photographs is a major headache''.Sources say each of the 11 police districts has a crime investigation unit with at least three cops filling in as photographers. Both Crime Branch and Special Cell also have eight photographers each in their ranks. So, there are 50-odd photographers for the 165 police stations and other specialized units. But these personnel merely do the bidding of a case's investigation officer, missing out vital details that a trained person would snap.Delhi Police does not have a dedicated team of photographers, and more surprisingly it has not set any guidelines for forming such a team. \"We ask our constables to volunteer, and the Crime Branch trains them for six months. After this course, they are sent for ground training of three months,'' said the source. No senior officer, though, can remember the last time such a course was organized. \"We do not have any specific programme. We train our men according to our needs,'' said an officer.Not surprisingly, additional sessions judge Surinder S Rathi remarked that the lensmen of Delhi Police's crime team \"do not know what to click and from which angle\". The judge, while acquitting six persons in a 2007 murder case, lamented the poor quality of the five photographs on record that neither showed the actual crime scene nor the nature of the victim's injuries. He asked the police commissioner to \"formulate a specific training course for photographers\".The censure may lead to some improvements in the department. \"We are now planning to overhaul the entire system. The Crime Branch is contacting professional photographers and training modules are being built depending on our specific needs. However, the need for digital cameras cannot be overlooked. Once we get the necessary clearance from MHA, we will buy the cameras,'' an officer told TOI on condition of anonymity.Times ViewIt is shocking that the Delhi Police, considered among the best equipped police forces in the country, does not even have professional photographers in its ranks. Good photographic evidence from the scene of a crime is almost invariably a crucial input into the investigations and the subsequent prosecution of the accused. This shows how casually the entire business of investigation is taken in India and helps explain why our police seem to find it so much more difficult to solve crimes than their counterparts in many other parts of the globe. If this is the situation in the national capital, we shudder to think of what it would be like elsewhere. It is time India's police forces were modernised, both by being provided up-to-date equipment and by creating well-trained teams meant exclusively for investigation, as distinct from routine policing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11933447", "title": "Car logo theft on the rise", "text": "MANGALORE: It could be kleptomania or a way to make easy money, monograms, badges or logos of expensive cars like BMW , Audi , Volkswagen, Skoda and Merc are being increasingly targetted. And the culprits are said to be students.Stealing car logos is the newest trend in auto theft in the city, especially in areas where mass parking is done and near colleges. Most of the thefts have occurred near Town Hall, TMA Pai Convention Hall, State Bank of India (Hamilton) Circle, Jeppu and Light House Hill Road areas.Ramesh S, who lost Volkswagen monogram on the rear within a week after the car was bought, says that usually car owners miss the theft as the most observed spots are tyres for proper inflation or punctures, scratches on the panels etc. \"It must have occurred a few days back. It is the unlikeliest thing one will ever notice. There was no use of complaining. I will have to shell out Rs 1,800 to buy one,'' he adds.Charan Suvarna, sales manager, Volkswagen, says the logos are costly as they are imported from Germany. \"Untill they are sourced locally, this problem will continue,'' says Suvarna adding that they have received 20 inquiries for logo replacement A scrap dealer in Bunder said, \"Last week two students were trying to sell a Volkswagen logo. A customer, who had come for some used part, started inquiring them on suspicion and they bolted. But, we could not catch them.''The expensive logos are not available with local scrap dealers and they claim that the logos find way to Bangalore. \"Police should find out whom the students work for. It is looking like a big racket here,'' another scrap dealer added.Vinay Goankar, police inspector, Mangalore north admits logo theft is on the rise, but none have complained about it so far. He also indicates that mostly students are behind the new type of theft. According to sources several complaints have been withdrawn after parents of the students who were caught stealing the logos pleaded not to spoil their wards' future. Sometimes they also promise to make good the loss.Showroom sources said flicking a logo was easy as they are either stuck with special glue or held in position with clips. \"With a screw driver and correct pressure one can remove it without making any damage to the logo,'' the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11934144", "title": "Mar Baselios students set to enter LIMCA book", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Olympia Hall of the Mar Baselios College of Engineering and Technology burst into celebrations on Friday noon when the students of the college set a record by making 1,102 paper bags in two minutes. They hope that their attempt would earn them a place in the LIMCA Book of Records. For the budding engineers, folding the paper in the designed shape and pasting glue on folders seemed easier than using a T-scale or cutter.The record attempt was a prelude to the forthcoming annual technical and cultural fest 'Crossroads'. Almost the entire student community and some faculty members had participated in the event organized by the 'Core Committee', a 14-member panel of third year students formed exclusively to coordinate 'Crossroads'. The record setting attempt is a message to the world to curb the use of plastic bags and encourage the eco-friendly paper bags instead.\"Our message to the world is 'Use Paper, Live Safer',\" says Jeffin Mathew, the event convener. \"The use of plastic in our daily lives is excessive. For instance, when every year we conduct Crossroads, hundreds of plastic bags are used that are detrimental to the environment. This event is a reaction against the overuse of plastic bags,\" he adds. \"In fact, all these 1,102 bags will be used during Crossroads.\"The guidelines given by LIMCA was that if LIMCA officials cannot be present during the time of the event, a footage of the entire event, a signed report authenticating the record from two gazetted officers and the principal who has supervised the event should be sent across to the LIMCA authorities. Thomas Verghese and T N Girish, executive engineers from the Irrigation department supervised the event.\"The whole experience was exciting and new. We are confident that the media coverage would help our message reach out to the people,\" says Joe Jacob, a final mechanical student. \"I think the organizers have done an excellent job in such a short period of time. The attempt shows their creativity and social commitment,\" says the principal T M George. \"We did have our apprehensions about the feasibility of the event, but fortunately the event came off well,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11934332", "title": "Shiv Barat set to complete 30 years", "text": "VARANASI: On this Maha Shivratri festival, the famous 'Shiv Barat, which witnesses a colourful procession and tableaux and is included among the 'lakkhi melas' (festivals attracting lakhs of devotees), will also complete its 30 years in the city.According to Dilip Singh, coordinator, Shiv Barat Samiti, the procession started in protest against theft of gold from the temple premises of Kashi Vishwanath Temple (KVT) in 1983 and became famous as 'Shiv Barat' attracting a large number of devotees and denizens in the city.The Barat is based on specific themes on contemporary issues and it passes from Mahamritunjaya Temple (Daranagar) to Dedsipul setting an example of communal harmony in the city.He added that crusade against corruption is going to be the theme of Shiv Barat this year.It may be mentioned here that Shiv Barat starts Maha Shivratri night, displaying a colourful procession of bride and groom, followed by baratis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur/jaisalmer", "code": "11932629", "title": "PIL against windmill work in Jaisalmer dismissed", "text": "JODHPUR/JAISALMER: The Rajasthan High Court on Friday dismissed a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking prohibition on setting up of windmills on pasture land in Jaisalmer. Terming the petition as frivolous, the court refused to consider the land referred to as pasture area.Earlier on 24 December last year, the court while admitting the petition filed by an NGO, Libra India, had issued notices to revenue department, district collector, Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation (RREC) and windmill companies with regard to the allotment of the common land, more specifically known as \"Charagah\" land for establishing windmills in the district and had stayed the setting up of the windmills on this land.The NGO had objected to allotment of land for the purpose. \"We had produced documents in which this land was referred as 'Hill/Rock (pasture). But the court refused to accept it,\" Libra India's counsel Sanjeet Purohit said.The revenue department and the district collector apprised the court that the land was being referred to as pasture land by mistake and produced before the court the correspondence with the state government with a view to rectify the mistake and to prove before the court that the referred land was not a pasture land.After hearing both the sides, a division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Kailash Chandra Joshi dismissed the petition citing it frivolous and imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 on the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11936699", "title": "Apple approaches EU over Motorola patents", "text": "WASHINGTON: Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc said Apple Inc filed a complaint with the European Union's competition authority accusing the company of violating a pledge to license industry-standard patents on fair terms.Motorola Mobility said in a regulatory filing that it was notified of the complaint today by the European Commission . Jennifer Erickson, a Motorola Mobility spokeswoman, said the company is willing to negotiate a patent license with Apple.Apple and Motorola Mobility have sued each other in the US and Europe over technology used in smartphones, a market that researcher IDC said grew 55 per cent last year. Motorola Mobility won two out of three rulings in lawsuits it filed against Apple in a Mannheim, Germany, court, and in one case forced Apple to remove some older iPhone and iPad models from its online store in Germany.Companies often collaborate on standards that are used to make products work together, with participants pledging to fairly license any patents on the standards they help create. Apple contends Motorola Mobility is violating that commitment. Motorola Mobility, which has said it's been in licensing talks with Apple since 2007, denied the charge.\"MMI has a long-standing practice of licensing our patents on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms and we offered those to Apple,\" Erickson said.German courts German courts have become the focal point of litigation between the two companies, with each seeking orders that would limit sales of the others' products. Yesterday, a court in Munich said Motorola Mobility's mobile phones infringe an Apple patent for a method of unlocking touchscreens.Google Inc, which is buying Libertyville, Illinois-based Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion, pledged to continue the company's licensing practices. Regulators in Europe and the US granted approval to the purchase while expressing some reservation about how industry-standard patents are handled.Both Apple and Microsoft Corp have said they wouldn't seek any court order to block use of technology covered by industry- standard patents even as they pursue infringement claims over non-essential patents against Motorola Mobility.Google said it would seek a royalty fee of no more than 2.25 per cent of the net cost of devices using its patents, and would try to resolve any disputes through negotiation before asking courts to block use of the Motorola Mobility technology.\"We are aware of the increasingly strategic use of patents in the sector and are vigilant,\" EU's antitrust chief Joaquin Almunia said February 13. \"We can avoid a continuation of this patent war.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937899", "title": "Killing of fishermen cold-blooded murder: Chandy", "text": "A tourist boat sails past an Italian cargo ship Enrica Lexie anchored in Kochi. (AP))KOCHI: Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy today said firing by armed guards on-board an Italian merchant ship killing two Indian fishermen off the Kollam coast was \"cold-blooded murder\" and legal action would be taken against the crew of the merchant vessel responsible for the attack.\"Strict legal action will certainly be taken against the guilty,\" he told reporters after a meeting of the United Democratic Front (UDF) meeting here.Chandy said he had held discussions with Advocate General K P Dandapani on the issue.\"Timely action has been taken against the ship. The Coast Guard had traced the vessel 'Enrica Lexie' within hours of the incident and the ship has been brought to Kochi port,\" he said.Welcoming the stand of the Union government in the issue, the chief minister said the state government was constantly in touch with the Centre.\"We are continuously in touch with the Ministry of External Affairs...We are taking it as a very serious case,\" he said, adding that a case has already been registered against the crew.Two fishermen -- Ajesh Binki (25) and Jalastein (45) -- were killed on February 15 off the Kollam coast near Kerala when armed guards of the Italian ship fired at their boat, suspecting it to be a vessel belonging to pirates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934676", "title": "Fun, frolic and fraternity", "text": "V M Salgaocar College of Law, MiramarGift for the GabThe students of V M Salgaocar College of Law did the state proud again, using the gift of the gab to hold the fort at the H G Advani memorial national moot court competition at the 'Vidhi Kiran 2012' organized by G J Advani Law College, Mumbai.While the team of Eesha Dukle, Aafreen Collaco and Anoka Jayakumar won the first place at the competition, a proud Dukle took home the 'Best Mooter' award. The three other participants from the college--Pushpinder Kaur, Nrapen Shanker Acharya and Clen Madeira-emerged runners up at the Asian Parliamentary debate competition. Acharya proved her mettle at the competition and bagged the 'Best Speaker' award.The law fest saw several competitions like the moot court competition, Parliamentary debate, letter to Chief Justice and the extempore moot court competition. The Salgaocar six competed with 38 other teams from colleges all across India, including those from esteemed colleges like the Government Law College, Mumbai, Indian Law School, Pune, etc.Dempo College of Commerce and Economics, PanajiGive me RedA total of 72 donors donated blood at the blood donation camp organized by the NSS unit of Dempo College in association with the Goa Medical College and hospital blood bank team January 17. The camp was organized under the guidance of medical officer Sanjay Korgaokar, social worker Shashikant Bhosle, technicians Mohandas Borkar and Teja Halankar and attendant Amar Mhalsekar. College principal Radhika Nayak along with staff members and students donated blood at the camp that witnessed an overwhelming response.Carl D'SouzaSo you think you can Dance?Dempo College of Commerce &amp; Economics in collaboration with the state government's art and culture department invited all colleges to shake a leg at the intercollegiate Goan folk dance competition at the Community Hall, Taleigao. The event, held to mark the Golden Jubilee year of Goa's Liberation was inaugurated by film director Saeed Mirza. Out of the 18 colleges that participated, St Xavier's College, Mapusa, bagged the first place for the mando, Government College, Quepem, took home the second place for the divli dance, while Goa University's department of Konkani won the third place for goff and P E S College of Education, Ponda, won the consolation prize for fugdi. The judges for the event were Venketesh Naik, Kalidas Ghatwal, Aditi Kundiaikar---all noted for their expertise in folklore. The prize distribution took place at the hands of V P Kamat,registrar, Goa University, and was presided over by Pallavi Dempo.Mirza, in his speech at the day-long festival showcasing Goa's unique cultural heritage of dance and music, said that people need to retain their identity and ensure that we do not lose track of our roots. He also advised the participants to treat the event less as a competition, and more as a celebration of human form, history and Goa's rich tradition. Veteran folk dance exponent Saraswati Datta Sawant was felicitated on the occasion.Guest of honour Kamalakar Mhalse expressed his fear that Goan culture and tradition is taking a backseat and said it is the responsibility of the youth to ensure it is retained for posterity. The day witnessed a range of folk dance such as talgadi, tonya mel, mando, kunbi dance, fugdii, kallshi fugdi, ghode modni, divlli dance, dhangar dance, katti fugdi, dindi, dekhnni, ghodemoddni and kharvi Dance. The event was anchored by professors Aditi Barve and Shashikant Morajkar.Carl D'SouzaKick It!Dempo College organized an inter-class football tournament on February 6 at the Taligao ground which saw the partivcipation of the B.Com, M.Com and BBA students. A nail-biting finish saw the T Y B.Com and F Y B.Com students battle it out only to end the match in a draw. The tie breaker proved lucky for the T Y B.Com students who won the tournament 2 points above their opponents. The proud winners were: Lourencio Miranda, Gautam Kankonkar, Arun Malvankar, Amar Shetty, Carl D'Souza, Saeesh Narvekar, Vivek Mesta, Jousha D'souza, Klain Simoes, Damodar Halankar, Pratamesh Haldankar, Jayesh Shirodkar, Pralay Lotloikar and Bubender Singh.Damodar College of Commerce and Economics, MargaoKaushal PhadteHeart of the MatterDamodar College of Commerce and Economics in association with professor Suhas Mulay Smruti Pratisthan organized its annual one-day state-level students' seminar on healthcare services in Goa on February 7. The seminar began with the lighting of the traditional lamp by vice-principal Prita Mallya, seminar coordinator Shilpa Prabhudesai and the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11932673", "title": "Chief secy to file reply over mining in air force area", "text": "JODHPUR: Taking a serious note of mining activities near the air force station in Jaisalmer, the Rajasthan High Court has sought affidavits from the chief secretary and the Jaisalmer district collector within three weeks on the correspondences in this regard by the station commander.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Kailash Chandra Joshi while hearing a PIL in this regard filed by one Sabal Singh, has continued the stay on mining in the area and sought an action taken report from the chief secretary and directed the collector to measure the area afresh supported by a report. The mining activities were conducted in the periphery of 900 metres around the air force station.The court, while observing that the matter concerned is of national security, has warned the chief secretary and the collector that if the report/affidavit filed by them is found to be incorrect or false, the court will deal it harshly in accordance with the law.Sukesh Bhati, the petitioner's counsel, said the state government had banned the mining activities within the periphery of 900 meters of the air force station of Jaisalmer in addition to the existing notified area in 2000 following the directions of the defence ministry. The state government, in its gazette notification in 2001, extended the ban to any sort of construction in the same area, which was, however, withdrawn by yet another notification in 2007 allowing the construction to take place in this area.\"Taking shield of this relaxation to construction activities, the miners resumed mining in this prohibited periphery in connivance of the mining department,\" Bhati claimed.The air force took up the issue with the district administration repeatedly citing imperilment of the high value assets installed at the station and threat to low altitude flights, but in vain.Bhati said the air force in its last letter to the district administration force had mentioned that it has lost a few aero engines of fighter aircraft due to mining/blasting in the close proximity of the air field. The matter gained greater seriousness in the light that some labourers working in these mines have been framed charges under RASUKA in the past.On July 20, 2011, the court rapped the officials for their gross indifference to the issue of national security and directed the chief secretary, the district collector and the superintendent of police to ensure a ban on the mining activity in the area with immediate effect, failing which, the entire responsibility would have to be rested on the chief secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932652", "title": "Jal Mahal land case: SC stays trial court proceedings", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Friday stayed a Jaipur trial court's criminal proceedings in the Jal Mahal Lake land allotment case. The interim order came on a special criminal leave petition (SLP) filed by Jaipur-based businessman Navratan Kothari, whose firm was allotted the prime land for developing tourism facilities around the historical lake.The 100-acre disputed land worth around Rs 3000 crore initially belonged to the Jaipur Development Authority(JDA), Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) and the Public Works Department (PWD), but was transferred to the Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation (RTDC), which then handed it over to Kothari's M/s Jal Mahal Resorts Pvt Ltd.The deal got mired in controversy when objections were raised on how instead of 30 years the government land was leased out for 99 years, which was akin to selling the property.Last week, the high court dismissed the criminal miscellaneous petition filed by Kothari. A review petition by the businessman was also rejected, which forced him to approach the Supreme Court where a division bench of Justice P Sathasivam and Justice J Chelameswar stayed the trial court's proceedings as well as the arrest orders against the accused till March 19, when the matter will be again taken up for hearing.Senior advocates Harish Salve and Abhishek Manu Singhvi told the division bench that the land's lease allotment was done under a transparent process by inviting international tenders. The advocates reasoned that no illegalities or favouritism was practiced during the allotment since the state government did so after the approval of an empowered committee formed for the matter and the then chief minister Vasundhara Raje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11932609", "title": "Won't help US attack Iran: Pak President Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has assured his Iranian counterpart, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , that Islamabad would not assist the US if it attacks his country amid rising tensions over Tehran's nuclear program, Pakistani media reported on Friday.The two leaders met on the sidelines of a trilateral Iran, Afghanistan summit in Islamabad. Pakistani media quoted Zardari saying that Pakistan and Iran \"needed each other and no foreign pressure could hinder their ties''. He is said to have told the US \"not to tell Pakistan who it can and cannot trade with\" amid pressure from Washington to abandon the Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline.There was no official word on Zardari's reported comments. But the two later called for \"non-interference and non-intervention\" in their internal affairs at a joint statement issued at the end of the summit along with Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai.The three pledged against allowing their territories to be used against each other, strengthen regional stability, fight terrorism and drug trafficking besides promoting trilateral trade.The summit's timing was crucial as it came amid strained relations between Islamabad and Washington and Tehran's rising tensions with US and Israel over the nuclear program.Later, Ahmadinejad lashed out against \"foreign interference'' in the region at a joint press conference with Zardari and Karzai. He did not name any country, but said, \"foreign powers\" were determined to dominate \"our nations\" \"All problems are coming from outside. In order to promote their goals and ambitions... they don't want to allow our nations to develop.\"Ahmadinejad said in an apparent reference to the West. \"We are here to strengthen the steps in order to solidify cooperation among the three nations. We are going to move towards removing the problems... and we should deny others the opportunity to interfere.'' Ahmadinejad also raised the nuclear issue, saying nuclear-armed nations ``are not superior to others''. \"The nuclear bomb is not going to bring about superiority.'' He said Iran's relationship with Pakistan was an example of an alliance that \"is not because of nuclear bomb or weapons\".Zardari denied allegations that Pakistani armed forces were playing a double-game in Afghanistan. \"I deny this notion that any of our armed forces are directly or indirectly involved,\" Zardari told reporters when asked about evidence pointing to the involvement of Pakistani spies and officials in Afghanistan.But he said he cannot deny that ``there is a residue in Pakistan of the war that was fought against the Soviet Union'' in the 1980s in Afghanistan. Zardari said both sides could not deny that people from the either sides were involved in militancy. \"This is a world problem... they have left the baby with us,'' he said. \"The three presidents you see sitting together, we shall fight this menace. Nobody is more concerned or more involved in it than me personally.''Karzai also sought Islamabad's assistance in bringing the Taliban to the negotiating table and called for action rather than words.\"What we need now is to formulate a policy that is actionable and implementable,'' he said. \"Our meeting today was one that was futuristically orientated with recognition of the opportunities and dangers around.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932461", "title": "Cop catches thief after bike chase in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: A bike-borne constable was injured while he was trying to pursue two chain-snatchers on a two-wheeler in Bandra (W) on Friday. The cop, Shashikant Sagre attached to Bandra police station, managed to nab one of the accused.The arrested accused along with his accomplice snatched a woman's mangalsutra on Turner Road and tried to escape. The woman alerted two patrolling police marshals Sagre and Suresh Salvi, who decided to chase the chain-snatchers. As the policemen were gaining on the thieves, Sagre jumped on their bike and caught hold of the pillion rider. However, Sagre was dragged over some distance before he managed to pull him down. Finally, Sagre caught the rider of the two-wheeler and Salvi immediately came to his rescue. The pillion rider, however, managed to run away after falling off the bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933769", "title": "Panel selects Sircar as new Prasar Bharati CEO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Culture secretary Jawhar Sircar has been selected by a panel, headed by the vice-president Hamid Ansari , as the CEO of public broadcaster Prasar Bharati.Sircar, a 1975 batch officer, was picked from among 12 candidates. The panel included Press Council chairperson Markandey Katju and I&B; secretary Uday Kumar Varma.Official sources said that the panel's recommendation was mandatory for the government and Sircar was expected to take charge of Prasar Bharati, which governs the working of Doordarshan (DD) and the All India Radio (AIR), in a couple of days.Following the suspension of the previous incumbent B S Lalli, the duties of the CEO Prasar Bharati were being discharged by Rajiv Takru, an additional secretary in the I&B; ministry.\"However, Sircar's long record of having effectively led various government departments including the information and broadcasting ministry and an image of being a doer ultimately led to his nomination,\" a senior official said. Sircar was slated to retire from government service in March, sources said.The new CEO has his task cut out as he has to look after key measures like expansion of DD's DTH platform and tackling tricky manpower issues in both DD and AIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11933434", "title": "Thieves make merry", "text": "MANGALORE: Unknown miscreants gained entry into the house of A Vittal Rao, resident of Shakthi Nagar by breaking open the door lock and decamped with a laptop, web camera, gold, silver ornaments and Rs 4,500 in cash.The loss has been valued at put at Rs 1.52-lakh. A case of burglary has been registered in Mangalore Rural Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934303", "title": "Girl student commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: A girl in her early teens allegedly committed suicide in Bhim Nagar of Jehangirabad locality in the old city on Friday. The class VIII student allegedly doused herself with kerosene and set her ablaze.The police said, the deceased, Urmila, daughter of Ram Lal, was a student of Saraswati Vidya Mandir School.Things appeared normal when the minor girl returned home from school in the afternoon.However, her mother Chanda allegedly scolded her after which the girl refused to have lunch and locked herself in theroom. The police said the family came to know about the incident when her younger brother knocked on the door of the room in which she had locked her self. He saw smoke coming out of the room and informed the parents.The family members broke open the door with the help of neighbours, but it was too late by then, the police said. The girl with severe burn injuries was rushed to the Hamidia Hospital where doctors declared her dead.The police said family members denied that she committed suicide, but the doctors who conducted post mortem confirmed it. Though the exact reason for the extreme step is not known, the police suspected that she committed suicide after her mother scolded her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11926610", "title": "NIFT's fashion show in Patna", "text": "Fashion had its share of flair in Patna when college students walked the ramp in floor-length gowns, anarkalis and casual western wear at fashion show organised by students of NIFT recently.An eclectic mix of contemporary and traditional designs from the fashion industry was on display by the students who had put up the show to mark the annual day celebrations of the institute.Dresses that impressed: Floral prints, crepe, georgette gowns with lace detailing on sleeves and neckline was one ensemble that remained the highlight of the show. Also, in the traditional segment, sober, off white and white A- line kurtas and anarkalis grabbed eyeballs.PAINT ME RED: Gaurav, Venkatesh, Arpita, Ravi and Sweta's face painting demo also added to the appeal of the fashion show. Venkatesh, painted his face like a Mohawk Indian warrior, smeared with ragged ceremonial paint, and the face painting was quite a topic of discussion among the youth at the show.Shashi Priya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bajkul (east midnapore)", "code": "11932914", "title": "CM turns railway event into political meet", "text": "BAJKUL (EAST MIDNAPORE): It was an official railway programme where everybody was present save for railways minister Dinesh Trivedi . Before long, it had assumed the character of a political meet with chief minister Mamata Banerjee taking centrestage andlambasting the CPM and the media for attempting to thwart her efforts to take the state forward. Trivedi was in Delhi, busy attending a meeting of the newly formed safety review committee.\"I don't have to listen to any gyaan from the CPM on the death of farmers. I love farmers. I have fought for farmers in Nandigram and Singur. It was I who declared that railway projects will be special ones where landlosers will get jobs apart from compensation. Even for the Deshpran - Nandigram stretch, we have given jobs to 184 people. We certainly don't want people to commit suicide but then, the tendency to commit suicide is an illness. One of the farmers committed suicide due to a debt incurred five years ago. The CPM was in power then. The reason why the CPM is making such an issue of this matter now is because unscrupulous traders are no longer in business. These traders used to collect money from the government to procure paddy, pay half of it to the farmers and deposit the remaining into the CPM's fund. We are paying the farmers in full and they are happy with us,\" Mamata said.According to her, it is the CPM which has left the state bankrupt. \"Can you imagine what happens to a state that has to pay Rs 22,000 crore as interest on loans? Of every rupee that we have, 94 paise is spent in paying interest. The same CPM conspires with a section of the media and criticises my policies. One must remember that slander doesn't pay for long.Why didn't the CPM work for 35 years? Doltontro diye kaaj kora jay na. Ami 35 bochhor er hisheb 5 bochhor e debo. Ekhon debo na. (The rule of the party can't work in a democratic set-up. I will require five years to undo the damage that the CPM has done. I can't do it now). I shan't allow the CPM to blackmail me. The CPM is lying.We have made plans for 13-14 new factories for Bengal. This will generate several jobs in the next couple of years,\" Mamata said.Her tirade against the CPM continued with the chief minister defending her decision to increase the upper age limit for government jobs. \"It was the CPM that had increased the age limit before the elections but then went back on its commitment. We simply took this forward. The CPM never allowed anybody to build a bright future. It paid Rs 200 to some, Rs 400 to others and Rs 800 to a few.Can you imagine that there are no files to show how much a person was receiving? I have told PTTI candidates that I shall solve their issue in three years. We are working towards the upliftment of Jangalmahal and Digha. A chemical hub won't come up at Nayachar but we are planning a huge eco-tourism centre there. We are also setting up an industrial park at Jellingham.Nandigram has been declared a health district and before long we shall lay the foundation stone for a super speciality hospital there,\" Mamata said.The chief minister was running a high fever and the programme at Bajkul started well ahead of schedule. But fever or not, Mamata was not ready to let go of the opportunity to reach out to people at a place that propelled her to power in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934655", "title": "Mediation emerging as preferred choice: Expert", "text": "BHOPAL: The mediation business in India is about to change for the better and recent trends shows that it would soon become a preferred choice for dispute resolution in India, experts from the International Academy of Dispute Resolution (INADR) have opined.\"In our experience, we have noticed that when parties in dispute try out mediation, they tend to find it much more fruitful than litigation. It won't take much time for other countries to realise that\", INADR president H Case Ellis told the students of National Law Institute University (NLIU), a top law school, during an interaction.Mediation and Arbitration experts Richard Calkins, H Case Ellis, Tom Valenti and Rahim Shamji are at the law school as judges of the first NLIU-Khaitan &amp; Co-INADR Mediation tournament, which was inaugurated today. 32 teams from different law schools from across the country are participating in the mediation competition.Tom Valenti opined that mediation would not just be limited to law firms but would be a lucrative field even for independent practitioners while another expert Rahim Shanji felt that considering the market demand it is a good time for Indian lawyers to step into mediation.INADR executive director Meghann Sweeney said she felt that mediation is a life skill and is something that one uses every day to resolve conflicts and it is the same skill set that one needs to use in the profession.INADR experts, NLIU Director Prof S S Singh, ADR faculty in charge Dr Surya Prakash spoke at the inaugural ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932849", "title": "\u2018Innovation key to IT growth\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite a sense of gloom in some of the biggest markets for the IT sector, a sense of optimism was palpable during the three-day Nasscom India Leadership Forum that ended here on Thursday. However, a key takeaway from the summit was that despite strong growth, the IT industry will have to live in uncertainty for some time to come.Nasscom gave a lower guidance of 11-14% growth for this year partly driven by these uncertainties. While headwinds like the Euro crisis and the visa restrictions are adding to the uncertainty, there are also tailwinds like the improvement in the US economy.Helen Huntley, VP at Gartner Research, said that there would not be complete recovery till 2015, but it's not stagnant either. \"It's just different and it's all in the nuances,\" she said. IT demand is structurally moving away from traditional models having client-owned assets, customized IT, labour-based services, licensed applications and offshore services. And it is moving towards cloud-based services, asset-light IT, industrialized IT, software as a service and global delivery models.Krishna Prasad, GM for the India business at UST Global, expects the US market to grow although customers expect higher value through building innovation, IP creation, and centres of excellence. Sangeeta Gupta, senior VP at Nasscom, on the other hand, said that the IT sector in India has already been through two waves of growth - cost efficiency through labour arbitrage and value creation through business transformation capabilities, vertical specialization and a global delivery model. \"Now it is hyper specialization, through specializing in areas like cloud, mobility or analytics, that will lead the next leap of growth,\" she said.The other key message was that the slowdown in the West is making companies look at emerging geographies including India with greater keenness. Indian IT companies are now looking to make greater penetration in Latin America, Africa and the Middle East by opening delivery centres and sales offices in these regions. India is also emerging as a huge market with the government slowly becoming a huge spender in many of its projects including some recent examples like the passport centre and postal services.On the hiring side, the signal was that the need of the hour is business domain experts with an engineering background and not just technology experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934560", "title": "Police bust SIM card racket", "text": "INDORE: The Indore police have bust a racket selling SIM cards on fake address and identity cards on Friday.Two shops including Astha Mobile Bazaar, 47, situated at Malgang, and Priyanshi mobile shop, situated at Sriram Nagar Palda were raided and a large number of activated and fresh SIM cards along with fake documents were recovered.The police verified the addresses and found that the persons mentioned were not living on the said addresses. Kailash Agrawal from Chhatripura, Vijay Vyas from Sriram Nagar and Md Akaram from Madina Nagar were arrested. They have reportedly confessed that SIM card were being sold on fake document.Police have booked trio under the Sections 420 and 460 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934713", "title": "Congress pulls up former CM Faleiro over poll campaign", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party has decided to seek clarification from former chief minister and AICC general secretary Luizinho Faleiro on PWD minister Churchill Alemao's allegation that the former is canvassing against his candidature.Alemao on Thursday accused Faleiro for holding a meeting urging people to defeat him and Valanka Alemao, Congress candidate from Benaulim. Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) working president Francisco Sardinha said, \"We will talk to Faleiro and tell him that this is not in good taste.\"Sardinha also defended Faleiro stating that he cannot campaign against Alemao because he he's a senior Congressman and that if there are differences, they should be sorted out.He also said that the Congress party has managed to get the rebels to withdraw from the fray, and the Congress candidates are working hard for their victory. Sardinha also said that the Congress-NCP alliance will get absolute majority and MGP support would not required to form the next government.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933279", "title": "INTTUC leader rebuts allegation as \u2018baseless\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Vivekananda Setu traffic assistant Prabhash Ghugu was allegedly punched by Dola Sen. \"How dare you stop this vehicle? Do you have the power to stop a vehicle that is heading for a minister's house?\" the INTTUC state secretary is alleged to have told Ghugu before forcing her way on to the bridge.Ghugu mustered the courage to file a complaint against Sen with Baranagar police station. Sen, however, denied the charges. Sen said that it was fabricated story by those trying to malign her.\"The whole allegation is baseless. I was on the road in Uttarpara at the time. I had never gone to the spot where the incident is supposed to have taken place. Where is the question of my involvement in such a case? I have faith in the administration. It will come out with the truth,\" Sen told TOI. When asked if she knew about a mini-truck carrying decoration material to the minister's place for a marriage, Sen said she had no idea about it. \"Hote pare, aami theek jaanina (it could be but I am not very sure),\" said Sen.Barrackpore additional DCP Biswajit Ghosh confirmed that goods vehicles are barred on the old Bally bridge. \"A complaint and counter-complaint was filed. A traffic assistant complained against Dola Sen and later a Trinamool Congress councilor complained against the traffic assistant, alleging that he demanded a bribe to let the vehicle pass. We are investigating both complaints,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936940", "title": "Jackie Shroff\u2019s sunday is 'Hero' day", "text": "Unfailingly, for the last 15 years every Sunday two flautists land up at Jackie Shroff's residence at Bandstand Bandra(Mumbai) with one mission to play the legendary flute passage from Jackie Shroff's star-making film Hero.Apparently the two unknown flautists have been following this Sunday ritual for years. Says Jackie, \"They've been doing it for fifteen years now. Every Sunday they show up at my home and they play the flute passage from Hero. Then they quietly leave.It doesn't matter if I am out of town.These guys come home and do the Hero theme anyway. Basuri baut pyar se bajaate hain.It's been going on for fifteen years.\"To Jackie's embarrassment his flautist fans play the refrain loudly. \"They wake up the entire building with their music. But nobody minds. That Hero flute passage is very very sureela.Do you know who played it in the film? The maestro Hari Prasad Chaurasia himself!I've been a fan of Panditji since then. And now when these boys play it for me every Sunday I feel I am transported back to my beginnings in the movies.\"Why have the flautists been showing up for fifteen years? Hero was released 29 years ago. Says Jackie nonchalantly, \"I don't know. I never asked them.They never told me. I don't even know their names. They just come religiously, play the music and quietly leave.\"These anonymous Sunday-morning flautists have never accepted money or food, though both have been offered repeatedly by the large-hearted Shroff . Reminiscing over Hero's music Jackie says, \"That flute passage was composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal. Pandit Chaurasia played it for me. It played a big hand in launching me as a romantic hero.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937080", "title": "Sandakozhi sequel on the cards", "text": "Vishal is looking forward to starting work with director Lingusamy. And guess what, it's likely to be a sequel to their superhit Sandakozhi! \"We will be joining hands after a long time and it's likely to be Sandakozhi 2,\" reveals the actor about the movie that's slated to kickstart by May this year.So, will it bring its heroine Meera Jasmine back to the Tamil screen as well? \"Well, it's still in the preproduction stage and the rest of the cast isn't decided.\"The actor is also looking forward to his other film in which he teams up with Sundar C. \"For the first time, I will be playing a triple role in this flick. Genre wise, it can be called a commercial mass entertainer, like how most Sundar C films are,\" he adds.Currently, Vishal - who did Bala's Avan Ivan and Prabhu Deva's Vedi last year - is looking to wrap up work on his Samaran which has Trisha in the lead. \"We'll be heading to Bangkok soon to finish the last schedule and hope to be back by mid March,\" he says, \"After that, I'll start work on my film with Sundar C.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11933647", "title": "Preparations in full swing for convocation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The convocation ceremony of Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University ( UPRTOU) would be organized on February 29. All the preparations have been made to make it a grand success.Even the work of registration of students is going on a fast pace. Seeing the interests of the students, convenor of Convocation Ceremony Registration Committee MN Singh informed that the last date of registration of the students has been extended upto February 25.In the convocation ceremony, students of session December-2010 and June -2011 would be awarded degree.The work of registration is going on at the University main centre, University's educational campus at Phaphamau and the regional office in Civil Lines.In addition to this, the admission process for the mid session of Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University (UPRTOU) has started. Vice Chancellor of Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University Prof. AK Bakshi has instructed the incharge of all the study centres that they should complete the admission process within the prescribed time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11934146", "title": "Rajasthan fest entices city residents with their rich culture", "text": "COIMBATORE: If you ever thought of buying original Rajasthani products like shawls from Bikaner, carpets from Tonk, embroidery from Barmer, brass and blue pottery from Jaipur, and leather items from Jodhpur, now you can do so in Coimbatore city itself in the next couple of days.In a bid to promote Rajasthani culinary expertise along with the state's rich cultural tradition to improve tourism, a three-day festival titled 'Rajasthan Calling' began on Friday at the Shree Gujarati Samaj Bhawan in Mettupalayam Road. Organised by Rajasthan Tourism, the programme exposes the various dimensions of the different regions in the state.The food court at the venue will offer you mouthwatering Dal Baati Choorma, famous Rajasthan Kachoris, Mirchibada and traditional sweets. While relishing them, you can appreciate folk music and dances including Langas, Kalbelia Dance and Teratoli.\"Last year, we witnessed a flow of 13.78 lakh foreign tourists and 255 lakh domestic tourists into our state. This year we are expecting a huge response from southern cities like Coimbatore,\" said Somnath Mishra, additional director, department of tourism, Rajasthan government. \"There has been 10% growth in the number of tourists coming to our state. Of the various destinations, Jaipur and Udaipur draw the maximum tourists, while Ranthambore, Jodhpur and Mount Abu are also popular destinations,\" he said.Mishra said that the Rajasthan government had been conducting 'Rajasthan Calling' festivals across the country on a regular basis. \"We conducted the fair in 20 towns last year. This year we are conducting it in 22 cities, including Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Chandigarh, Madurai and Surat,\" he said. \"One of the major reasons for organizing this festival in Coimbatore is to give people here a feel of Rajasthan, facilitate better understanding about the state and showcase the traditional culture and exquisite range of Rajasthani handicraft products and delicacies,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11933971", "title": "BSP wins 12 seats, improves tally", "text": "NAGPUR: After a poor performance in the last election when it managed to secure only 4 seats, the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) came back stronger this year, bagging 12 seats in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls. The party dominated north and south Nagpur areas.BSP, which contested 117 seats, opened the account with an impressive victory from south Nagpur from where its candidate Ajay Dange emerged winner from Ajni prabhag. Dange bagged 5,945 votes. The party also took control of Dalit and OBC-dominated prabhags of Vishwakarma Nagar in Narendra Nagar zone from where Satyabhama Lokhande bagged 5,579 votes while Kishor Gajbhiye bagged 5,386 votes. Gajbhiye, a BREM corporator from Chandramani Nagar ward, recently joined BSP and contested polls from Vishwakarma Nagar prabhag.From Thavre Colony prabhag in Asi Nagar zone, Abhishek Shambharkar and Shabana Parveen were elected with a majority of votes while from Indora prabhag Kiran Patankar and Murli Meshram emerged victorious. Other candidates, sitting corporator Harshala Jaiswal from Vaishali Nagar, Manisha Ghodeswar from Lashkaribagh, Gautam Patil from Nari prabhag, Sagar Lokhande from Bhuteshwar Nagar prabhag and Lalita Patil from Rani Durgawati Nagar too registered impressive wins taking the BSP's tally to 11.Party spokesman Uttam Shewde said, \"Any party demanding support from us can keep all other posts and advisory committees, but will have to give us the mayor's post. Otherwise we would prefer remaining neutral and neither support BJP nor the Congress-led opposition.\" In 2002, Congress had accepted a BSP person for the post of mayor to form government. The party had then won 9 seats.In 2007, the BSP's tally came down to four with new corporators including Harshala Jaiswal, Devendra Waghmare, Archana Shende and Habib-ur-Rehman Ansari.BSP tally in NMC2002 2007 20129 4 12", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11939382", "title": "Hyderabad: 7 killed in LPG blast", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seven persons, including four children, were burnt alive after a fire broke out in a colony of construction workers in Medchal mandal of neighbouring Ranga Reddy district this afternoon, police said.The fire, which broke out in a hut, spread and gutted some 100 huts in Gundlapochampally village at around 1 PM.Seven persons, including four children and two women , were burnt to death, said Cyberabad Police Commissioner Ch Dwarka Tirumala Rao, who visited the spot.The victims were from families of construction labourers and hailed from Mahabubnagar and Medak districts, he said.Most labourers had left for the work at the time. The cause of the fire was being verified, the Commissioner said, adding that an explosion of cooking gas cylinder was heard as the fire spread. Locals said the labourers were staying in the area for the last four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11939123", "title": "CCL players bond!", "text": "Amidst all the high drama and brouhaha of the CCL, looks like there is some camaraderie left.Kerala Striker players Indrajith wished actor and team player Rajeev Pillai on his birthday through a microblogging site. \"Wishing my dear friend @ Rajeev_gpillai a very happy b'day! Have a great year ahead buddy.. Cheers n god bless! :)\", tweeted Indrajith. Rajeev Pillai, considered to be the next hot thing in Mollywood was in the news recently for his alleged relationship with Mollywood actress Bhavana. Rajeev Pillai gave an outstanding performance during the CCL matches but this soon over shadowed his performance. His off-field romance with actress Bhavana sparked resentment from the actor and and as earlier reported was quoted saying, \"I don't know who makes up such rumours,\".Rajeev Pillai has won himself a role in Priyandarshan's next Bollywood movie. We hope to see more from this new Mollywood hunk!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933263", "title": "This humiliation worse than rape: Victim", "text": "KOLKATA: \"I stand by my statement. I am already traumatised after the brutal assault and rape. Now, insinuations are being made on my character. I never expected this. I have been humiliated enough already, this is not only adding to my pain but hurting my family as well,\" the victim told TOI on Friday, as she headed off to Lalbazar for another round of questioning by police.She was reacting to a barrage of comments made by politicians of all hues (mostly belonging to the ruling party) and highly placed government officials (some even in the CM secretariat) casting doubts on her complaint and questioning her character. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had said on Thursday that the rape complaint was \"fabricated\" and minister Madan Mitra wondered why \"a mother had to go to a nightclub\".The comments have triggered a furore. Legal luminaries, rights activists and the intelligentsia have expressed shock at the choice of words that aren't just unethical but can influence the course of investigation.\"Even a sex-worker has a right to live with dignity. This has been upheld by the Supreme Court. Successive rulings and judgments have always attempted to protect rape victims from character assassination. What we are witnessing now has stooped to a level beyond comprehension. This is how it has been, this is how it remains,\" said West Bengal Commission for Women chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee.The anguish in Mukherjee's words is echoed by rights activist Sujato Bhadra. Terming the comments \"obnoxious\", Bhadra said that they vitiate the atmosphere and make life more difficult for the victim. \"Victims undergo mental trauma resulting in disconcerting and contradictory statements. Whether or not she has lodged a wrong complaint is for the police to investigate and the court to judge. Why are people trying to influence the investigation at the onset? This is completely unacceptable in a civil society,\" he said.The Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill, 2010, which sought to redefine rape laws, has safeguards for precisely these kind of allegations. It clearly states that even when a victim agrees to consensual sex under the influence of alcohol or drugs it is rape.Thus when transport minister Madan Mitra made remarks on the victim's estrangement from her husband and frequent visits to night-clubs, he ought to be aware that the amendment to the Evidence Act (Section 146) says even courts will not accept any 'evidence' on moral character or past sexual relationships in rape cases.Senior lawyer Milon Mukherjee puts this in context: \"Whenever anyone lodges a complaint, it is his/her right. Police investigate if it is a cognizable offence. If there is any doubt in the police's mind, they are empowered under Section 41A CrPC to record the statements of the accused without arresting them. It is the court which decides whether, based on the police report, it is fit to stand trial and under which provisions of the law. This is the court's prerogative. Now, it (the car-rape case) is only in the first stage. Why are people in hurry to subvert the process?\" he asked.However, senior advocate Shekhar Basu argued that when a matter is out in the public domain, it is not possible to put a curb on statements. \"The matter is under investigation and not sub-judice. The point of conflict is that there are several inconsistencies in the complaint made by the woman that is being construed as withholding of the truth,\" he said.Mukherjee does not agree. \"For the sake of argument, let us consider that this isn't a rape, but it could be a criminal act, for example molestation or assault. If at all there are questions on character, it should reflect in the trial stage, not earlier. None - not even top constitutional authorities - can subvert the process of law. When successive law commissions and courts are being extremely cautious to protect rape victims, these comments are uncalled for,\" he added.Sociologist Prasanta Roy feels this is typical patriarchal response. He feels this could also a strategy. \"By publicly humiliating a victim, denigrating and stigmatizing her, they are trying to discourage her from pursuing with her complaint. If she does it, it's less trouble than going the whole hog of investigating and bringing the people responsible to book,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934207", "title": "Results bring many lessons for Muttemwar", "text": "NAGPUR: For a seven time MP, Vilas Muttemwar may not have suffered many poll debacles in a political career spanning over three-decades. Yet, tfor him there is no reason to take this defeat in NMC polls as a personal one. It is a setback but certainly not end of the road for the Congress loyalist.A pre-poll alliance between Congress and NCP was forged for the first time much to the dislike of local Congressmen. The alliance did not work out and the NCP let its senior partner down badly with a poor show. That the alliance also failed in state capital where every effort was made to dislodge Shiv Sena from the BMC, may overshadow the Congress defeat in Nagpur. Though he was steering the Congress campaign, some local leaders created problems and cracks in the Congress armour were clearly visible.There are lessons to be learnt for he may now inevitably find BJP chief Nitin Gadkari as his rival in Lok Sabha elections just two years from now. The city remains a Congress stronghold and if all partymen unite there is no way it could be defeated. Muttemwar will have to be more accommodative and inclusive if he intends to give a fight to BJP president. This is easier said than done in Nagpur which is notorious for infighting.The party has given him stature by making him general secretary of the AICC. This also makes him member of the party's most powerful organ- the Congress Working Committee. Moreover, he has been recently appointed chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on food, consumer affairs and public distribution. He will have crucial role in working out a consensus on all stakeholders on upcoming Food Security Bill. He is also in-charge of implementation of party's flagship welfare schemes. Amid all this, he needs to strengthen inter-personal relations with local party leaders. The 2014 elections could be biggest challenge of his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11934459", "title": "City\u2019s biggest mall rises in Velachery", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai's shopping landscape is set to change with a sprawling two million-square feet mall coming up near Guru Nanak College in Velachery.Mumbai-based mall developer Phoenix Mills, which is promoting the shopping plaza - christened Chennai Market City - said at that size it would be the biggest mall in the city, toppling Express Avenue, which has a built-up space of less than one million square feet.Phoenix Mills CEO Shishir Shrivastava said Chennai Market City would house a mall, an apartment complex and perhaps a luxury hotel too. The mall will also have an exclusive wing for luxury shopping with international brands, making it the second mall in India after Mumbai's High Street Phoenix to have such a zone.Chennai is seeing a buzz in the mall space with the launch of Ramee Mall and Express Avenue. Three more properties - Forum in Vadapalani, Marg Junction Mall on OMR and The Grande in Velachery - will come up in the city in the next two years.The first phase of Chennai Market City with a built-up space of over one million square feet will be open to public by June.\"There is a large scope for organized retail in Chennai. The city is still behind other metros and so mall developers are rushing in to tap the huge potential here,\" said S Ramaswamy, associate director, RECS Group, a real estate consulting firm. \"Consumers' mindset is also changing now. They are now more into shopping at malls rather than in T Nagar.\"\"We bought the land in the second half of 2006, since then things have extensively changed here. The profile of the population in Chennai has changed now with rising exposure to international environment,\" Shrivastava said. The 17 acres in Velachery was sold by pharma company Raptakos Brett for Rs 130 crore.The mall will have four levels and above that there will be a 13-storey apartment (five lakh sq ft), taking the height of the building to about 22 stories, Shrivastava said.Phoenix is in advanced talks with Future Group for establishing stores, and is also trying to rope in international brands like Mango, Diesel and Jack &amp; Jones, among others.Future Group, which has been associated with Phoenix's malls in Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune, said it will set up shops in Chennai Market City. \"We will have all our retail brand stores in the mall,\" said Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani. Another official from Future Group said they could set up shops - Pantaloon, Big Bazaar - in about one lakh square fee. Phase one of the project will be developed at a cost of Rs 550 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "11932888", "title": "SFI wins Majdia college polls", "text": "NADIA: Throwing TMCP out of power, SFI won the student union elections at Majdia's Sudhir Ranjan Lahiri College in Nadia on Friday. While SFI clinched 30 seats, rival TMCP got 19 seats.SFI won in Majhdia Sudhir Ranjan Lahiri college in Nadia on Friday, While the SFI activists was blamed for assaulting the principal on last month. SFI got 30 seats and main rival TMCP got 19 seats on Friday's college election. But in this college TMCP was in power.The college was in news last month after three SFI activists were arrested for allegedly assaulting the college principal. On January 7, three college students, belonging to SFI, had reportedly gone to the principal to complain about their posters being torn by others. They had also alleged that outsiders had entered the college during examination.Soon an altercation broke out between the principal and the students, during which the principal was allegedly beaten up. A complaint was lodged with Krishnaganj police station. After spending over a month in jail, the accused, Abhijit Samaddar, 25, Pushpen Sarkar, 23, and Pranab Ghosh, 24 were granted bail by Calcutta high court recently.The three SFI activists was in jail over one month for allegedly assaulting the principal of the college. Calcutta High court granted bail very recently to the three accused students of Majdia Sudhir Ranjan Lahiri College in Nadia. They are Abhijit Samaddar (25), Pushpen Sarkar (23) and Pranab Ghosh (24). The incident occurred on January 7 when the students had gone to the principal to complain against their poster pasted on college walls being torn by others. They also complained that some outsiders had entered the college during the day of examination and the outsiders should be driven out.Then the three students engaged in an altercation with the principal and they allegedly bet up the principal. The principal then lodged a complaint against them in Krishnaganj police station.\"The result of the polls reflects that common students rejected the TMCP.have united against the dirty politics of Trinamool Congress.The three students are the victims of the state government's dirty politics. In the both case of Majhdia and Raiganj, common students rejected TMCP,\" said S M Sadi, district secretariat member of CPM. He also added that in many colleges in Nadia TMCP didn't allow the SFI to submit the nomination.The protest of common students of Majhdia College reflected through this result. Which has done with the three students is unjust. The common students have been united against TMC's dirty politics. The three students are the victims of State Govt.'s dirty politicts. In the both case of Majhdia and Raiganj, common students rejected TMCP\", said S.M. Sadi, District Secretariat Member of CPI(M). He also added that in many colleges in Nadia TMCP didn't allow the SFI to submit the nomination.There were reports that two SFI activists were injured in a clash which occurred after the announcing of the result. SFI blamed the TMCP for this attack.\"It is true that SFI won the elections at Majdia college. But it was the result of SFI's hooliganism,\" alleged Trinamool Congress minister Ujjwal Biswas.In case of Majhdia college, it is right that SFI won there, but it was the result of hooliganism of SFI\", said Minister Ujjwal Biswas of TMC . Section 144 was imposed in the election area of Majhdia college. But some people violated the law by entering the campus.violpersons violated the 144 section.They entered the campus violatingthe law. I instructed BDO Krishnaganj to look into the matter.I already have initiated an enquiry to search who violated the 144 section and why police was then silent. Except Majdia, the college elections in Nadia ended peacefully,\" said Abhinav Chandra, Nadia district magistrate, Nadia.There are 17 colleges in Nadia. TMCP has already won in 10 colleges in Nadia without contest. These are Haringhata College, Chakdaha College, Kalyani College, Ranaghat College, Nabadwip College, Krishnagar Govt. College, Krishnagar D.L. Roy College, Krishnagar Politechnic College, Bethuadahari College and Bhimpur college.The election for Students' Union happened in 7 colleges in Nadia on Friday. These are Krishnagar Women's College, Shantipur College, Bagula College, Majhdia College, Chapra College, Karimpur college and Betai College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932228", "title": "Disabled man, sister get life term for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A disabled man and his sister have been sentenced to life imprisonment by a trial court for stabbing a girl to death after she spurned the man's advances.District Judge H S Sharma awarded life term to Chattarpur Enclave residents, Rajesh and Monika, for murdering the victim, Renu, at their house in 2006. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 200 on each of the accused.According to the prosecution, Renu's friend Monika,19 at the time of the incident, had invited the former to her house on September 5, 2006. Rajesh made advances towards Renu but she rejected his proposal, said cops.The incident came to light after the victim's mother and her neighbours reached Monika's house and saw Renu lying in a pool of blood. She was stabbed around 30 times.One of the neighbours witnessed Rajesh holding a knife and threatening to kill himself. Rajesh announced that he had killed Renu and he would end his life too, the police said.Rajesh and Monika were immediately arrested. During the trial, the defence counsel argued that Rajesh was physically disabled and could not have committed the murder. He needed assistence in doing everyday errands like fetching a glass of water.The court, however, rejected the argument and convicted the duo on the basis of statements of the witnesses and circumstantial evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11931970", "title": "After drill, disaster centres planned", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the mega mock drill on Wednesday, the lieutenant-governor has announced setting up of two disaster centres in the city to house the personnel of the National Disaster Response Forces until the earthquake-prone capital gets its own force.The centres will be in place within a month in Delhi's East and West districts for NDRF personnel, who now have to rush to Delhi from Ghaziabad in case of any calamity. The L-G has, however, asked the authorities to set up a permanent standalone force for the city called the Delhi Disaster Response Force (DDRF) within few years.\"We have already asked the departments concerned to start working on the execution of the suggestion made by the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) of having such a force for the city,\" said lieutenant-governor Tejinder Khanna on Friday afternoon after holding a high-level meeting with various agencies, including the NDMA, to discuss a number of issues like performance of various agencies during Wednesday's mock drill.Initial findings have shown PCR vans responded the fastest during the drill, with fire and medical ambulances bagging second and third positions, respectively, Khanna said. Hospitals such as RML and LNJP were found to be well equipped to handle any disastrous situation.Khanna also mooted ideas for a standard structural design of the buildings in Delhi that can help the city cope with disasters l9ike earthquake better. This design would depend on parametres such as depth of foundation, load-bearing capacity, size of beams, and soil conditions in different areas. \"Such mandatory design parametres would ensure construction of safe buildings. We have told MCD to set up a consultancy wing so that owner of any house wanting to carry out structural evaluation of his or her house can get the service.\"The Urban Shelter Improvement Board, whose basic role is to facilitate low-cost houses for the poor, may also be asked to set up a wing for replacing weak buildings on request of house-owners.M Shashidhar Reddy, vice-chairman, NDMA, said that from March, they were going to engineers for rapid visual assessment of weak buildings. \"The NDMA has developed a module for engineer's training on how to assess which building is not structurally safe to withstand tremors and retrofitting methods.\"Vijay Dev, secretary, DDMA, said the need for a common communication system for Delhi Police, fire services and other agencies was also being looked into. \"The final report on the drill will be submitted to the L-G by the army on February 24,\" said Dev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11932919", "title": "NGO lends caste colour to arrest of 2 schoolchildren", "text": "MADURAI: The arrest of two school students in Virudhunagar district, who allegedly threatened to murder a teacher has come under severe condemnation.The arrest of the two class 12 students of Maruthupandiar Government Higher Secondary School at Narikudi was against the Juvenile Justice Act, charged A Kathir, executive director of Evidence, an NGO. He also alleged that there was lot of room to suspect that the boys were victimised as they were dalits.On Tuesday, the 12{+t}{+h} standard students of the vocational stream in the school were seated in their classroom without attending the morning assembly session. Subramanian, an English teacher in the school, who was passing by the classroom, saw the students drumming on the benches and reprimanded them, for their act. He then asked them to immediately leave the class and attend the school assembly..However, two of the boys allegedly walked towards him in an intimidating manner and warned him to leave the classroom if he wanted to avoid a Chennai-like incident where a teacher was murdered by a student, Subramanian immediately complained to the police. Subsequently, police arrested the two students and booked a case charging them under three counts of the IPC, including assault and criminal intimidation.\"Issues involving children should not be approached in a strictly legal manner. That was why the Juvenile Justice Act was passed. The act gives special status to children in our judicial system and says that children committing offences should not be seen as criminals but as individuals in conflict with law. But the two dalit children have been given a raw deal by the police who arrested them in a hasty manner,\" said Kathir.He alleged that caste animosity was deeply prevalent in the school and a few days back eight non-dalit students assaulted two dalit students. Though a complaint was lodged, no one was arrested. \"In fact, even during that incident, we advocated that the eight students should not be arrested. But this time around when it comes to dalit students, we feel that the police action was driven by caste animosity,\" Kathir charged.A fact-finding team sent by Evidence to the school also found that the students gave a contradicting version of the happenings on the day. The report of the team charged that the boys did not threaten Subramanian. On the contrary, it was Subramanian who assaulted the two students, Kathir said.R Sethupathi, president of the Parents Teachers Association of the school too, said that the parents of the two students could have been summoned and given a warning about their behaviour rather than arresting them.Admitting that children should not be treated like other criminals, a police officer said that they were forced to arrest the students due to pressure from the teachers while denying that the caste of the students had nothing to do with the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933629", "title": "False promises, disinterest led to poor voter turnout", "text": "PUNE: Voters' apathy in the civic election and false promises by political parties led to a poor voter turnout on Thursday, political analysts and experts said. Nearly half the city's electorate did not vote in the election leading to a turnout percentage of 51% in Pune and 53% in Pimpri Chinchwad.Rajas Parchure, director, Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics, said, \"This is an increasing trend in urban areas not only in Pune, but also in other cities as well. The affluent people never vote. They usually do not show any interest in elections be it Lok Sabha , assembly or civic elections.\"Prakash Pawar, head of the political science department at Fergusson College, said, \"Citizens whose problems remain unsolved vote while those who are not bothered about civic problems stay away from voting. People in high profile areas usually get their civic problems solved by directly getting in touch with higher authorities. They consider corporators as middle men and hence, feel that electing corporators is not their concern. They do not consider voting as their responsibility.\"Political expert Nitish Nawsagaray said, \"False promises that corporators often make and fail to keep that makes people stay away from the democratic process. Consumerism is on the rise and today if taps do not have water, people buy water or ask for a tanker. They are no more dependent on civic authorities. Of course, the elite and upper-middle class section of the society can afford to do so and it is reflected in the voting pattern. There was a large turnout from slums and lower middle class as they still rush to the corporators to solve civic problems.\"Nawsagaray added, \"Urban citizens participated in large numbers in the anti- corruption crusade led by social crusader Anna Hazare , but did not vote in civic elections.\"Rajeshwari Deshpande, from the department of political science at the University of Pune had a different perspective. \"Voters' list is inflated by at least 10 to 15 % due to names being repeated and the names of dead people not being deleted. So the turnout this time is decent, if not very good.\"VoicesAshok Kisanrao Gaikwad, shopkeeper: I did not vote because my name was not there in the voters' list. I went to vote, but my name was missing.Ramesh Kankariya, businessman: Better people should contest elections. I am a businessman and would only spare time if there were clean and untainted leaders in politics. I do not want to waste time for corrupt candidates.Poonam Goyal, businesswoman: None of the candidates contesting the elections was worth voting for. Many who are elected will misuse public money once they come to power.Hussain Zohair Hussain, salesman: I did not get time to leave the shop where I work to stand in the queue to vote.Surendra Waghmare, salesman: There was no right candidate. Each one is worse than the other.G Bajirao, shopkeeper: My name was missing from the list. I stood in the queue to exercise my right but my name was not there in polling centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933789", "title": "With 51 seats, NCP emerges as single largest party", "text": "PUNE: The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) improved its performance as the single-largest party by winning 51 seats in Pune's civic polls. However, the defeats of major candidates, including outgoing mayor Mohansingh Rajpal, former standing committee chairman Nilesh Nikam, former mayors Rajani Tribhuvan, Rajlaxmi Bhosale and senior leader Shrikant Patil, were perceived as major jolts to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who played a large part in deciding the NCP candidates for the civic polls.The NCP had 48 corporators in the outgoing civic body and now, with the additional seats, Pawar will remain the power centre in the Pune Municipal Corporation.The defeat of mayor Rajpal has come as a shock to NCP leaders and workers. Rajpal lost to BJP corporator and standing committee chairman Ganesh Bidkar in ward 39. Other heavyweights Nikam and Tribhuvan lost in their respective constituencies to Congress nominees Datta Bahirat and Lata Rajguru. Patil lost to MNS candidate Prakash Dhore.The main NCP candidates who won their seats include former deputy mayor Dilip Barate, Vishal Tambe, Chetan Tupe, Subhash Jagtap, Usha Jagtap and Shivlal Bhosale.NCP city unit chief Vandana Chavan expressed satisfaction over the party's performance in the civic polls. She clarified that though the party's performance was better as compared to the 2007 election, it was not enough to get a clear majority. \"We will have to join hands with another party. However, the decision will be taken by senior leaders of the party,\" said Chavan.\"Voters in the city have given their verdict and have acknowledged our work in the city in the last five years,\" she said. \"We are definitely happy about being the single largest party. We had expected to secure about 50 to 55 seats and have achieved our target. Party workers put in a lot of effort during campaigning,\" Chavan added.\"Under the leadership of party chief Sharad Pawar and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, the party has performed well in the civic polls,\" said a party worker. \"Though some prominent candidates faced defeats, many new candidates were able to win their seats,\" he added.The mood at the party office was upbeat as workers gathered in large numbers to celebrate the win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11934162", "title": "STET exam: Minor trouble at 13 centres", "text": "PATNA: Barring \"some minor disturbances\" at 13 examination centres in seven districts, one-day Secondary Teachers' Eligibility Test (STET) in which 4.90 lakh examinees took their tests passed off peacefully on Friday.The police forces deployed on duty at the examination centres to prevent unlawful activities in and around the examination centres detained some troublemakers whose details, however, are still awaited at the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) headquarters here. The BSEB scoffed at any suggestion that the question papers had been leaked, and dismissed any talk about it as just rumour.At Patna, the trouble and disruption of examination occurred at four of its 84 centres. At the centre located on the campus of Commerce College, outside elements alleged to be B Ed students opposed to the eligibility tests created the disturbance, said BSEB secretary Lalan Jha, adding that it, however, was based only on the \"floating information\" and feedback that had reached the BSEB office.The STET was held in two sittings for secondary and senior secondary teachers at 784 examination centres in the state. Of the 4.90 lakh examinees, 3.79 lakh sat for the eligibility tests of secondary teachers in the first sitting and the remaining 1.11 lakh for the posts of senior secondary teachers in the second sitting. The education department had assigned the task to conduct eligibility tests to the BSEB, which involved setting question papers and reaching the question papers to the examination centres through the banks concerned, said BSEB chairman Rajmani Prasad Singh.According to him, the media had pointed to the leakage of the question papers before the commencement of the tests, both on Thursday and Friday, but they turned out to be untrue.\"No one has sent us the supposed leaked paper. We wanted to tally it with the real one, but the socalled leaked paper has not come to us. Any talk about the leakage of question papers is nonsense, sheer nonsense,\" Singh said, adding that the district magistrates of the respective districts are examination controllers and they had not sent any report about it. Jha, who dismissed the alleged leakage of question papers as \"pure bunkum\", said that the examinations were disrupted at 13 centres in the state for other reasons, not the leakage of papers.Besides, even the disruption at examinations centres occurred only during the first sitting that concerned with the secondary teachers, not during the second sitting in which eligibility tests were held for senior secondary teachers. Singh said that a question paper or booklet was seen thrown outside a centre in Saran district, but no question paper has been brought out of the examination hall before the commencement of tests.Jha said that trouble or confusion occurred at the 13 examination centres due to mixing of the question papers, so that the examinees got their papers in languages other than theirs. In the meantime, the examinees had written the confidential OMR numbers in their answer sheets, which, in effect, made the answer sheets invalid. \"The examinations at 13 centres have been cancelled, but any decision regarding re-examination can be taken only later on. The examinees, in any case, are free to appear for the examination next year,\" Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11938650", "title": "DoT may challenge TDSAT order to reduce fine on telcos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Department of Telecom (DoT) may challenge the TDSAT order that reduced the penalty imposed on five operators for failing to fully implement the directive to re-verify prepaid connections in Assam and North-East circles.DoT has sought the legal opinion from government law officer before challenging the order in the high court, sources privy to the development said.On February 6, 2012, sectoral tribunal TDSAT passed an interim order and asked five operators -- Dishnet Wireless, Vodafone, Bharti Airtel , Idea Cellular and Reliance Telecom-- to deposit one-fourth of amount of the penalty.The tribunal's direction came on a bunch of petitions filed by operators along with GSM industry lobby group Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) seeking stay on the penalty imposed by the DoT's Telecom Enforcement Resource and Monitoring (TERM) cell. The penalty varied from operator to operator.COAI, in its petition, had said the government circular for re-verification of subscribers was prepared \"without any application of mind\" and \"in a totally casual manner\".According to COAI, DoT has simply extended the guidelines of J&K; service area to Assam and North East.COAI had said that as per the circular issued last year by the Department of Telecom, certificates by Village Panchayat Head or an equivalent authority as well as caste and domicile certificates with photographs provided by state governments, were not treated as ID proof.Moreover, Voters Identity Cards issued before 2008 were also kept outside the list, it had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11933738", "title": "13 arrested, four detained for attempting to cast fake votes", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police arrested four youths, 19 to 20 years of age, based on a complaint lodged by Dinesh Bhamre of Kamatwade, Nashik.According to the police, the four accused, Wadala Road residents Saddam Chaudhary (20), Saeed Ansari (19), Chhotu Sharma (19) and Haidar Ansari (20), arrived at the polling booth inside an NMC community hall in ward 39 and attempted to cast votes by impersonating others.The accused had also created fake Pan cards for the purpose. All four were nabbed while they were trying to cast fake votes.In another incident, nine more persons were arrested by the Adgaon police for attempting to cast fake votes. According to the police, 11 persons from Munjwad, Baglan, arrived in Nashik to cast their votes in ward 53.The police said that the accused had come prepared with fake voter's id cards to cast their vote in favour of candidates Sharda Kamod and Amol Jadhav in exchange for money. Nine of the accused have been arrested, and one Sandeep Gangurde (17) has been detained as he is a minor.Meanwhile, one Ganesh Kekan (20) of Vadzire, Sinnar, was detained by the Sarkarwada police for attempting to impersonate a voter in ward 23. The police said that the accused had come to cast a vote posing as one Anil Ghadge. Retuning officer of ward 23, Vijay Nalwade, has registered an offence against the accused.One Anil Patil of Dhule was detained by the Sarkarwada police when he arrived at a polling booth in ward 27. Sunita Pekhle (40) was detained by the Sarkarwada police as she was not able to prove her identity while attempting to cast her vote. Poll related violence was also reported in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11932915", "title": "Mother poisons children, one dies", "text": "MADURAI: In a tragic incident here, a woman poisoned two of her children before consuming poison over a prolonged family dispute in the rural limits of the district on Thursday.The woman Selvi (30) was married to Marimuthu, a daily wage worker from Mayanpatti near Tirumangalam for the last eight years. The couple had a five-year-old daughter and a two-year-old son. According to police sources, the woman resorted to the extreme step as the couple used to quarrel often because Marimuthu allegedly suspected her of having an illegal relationship with one of their relatives. The police also suspect that the couple quarrelled since Marimuthu used to go out of town for work and used to spend very less time with the family.On Thursday evening, Marimuthu picked up a quarrel with Selvi again and verbally abused her before leaving home. Unable to cope with his suspicion and frustrated that the dispute is prolonging without an end, Selvi took the tragic decision of killing herself.She had also planned to kill her children, not intending to leave them behind without their mother . She mixed pesticide in the milk and gave it to her two children. After feeding them, she consumed the poisoned milk. The neighbours suspected something amiss as the house was locked in the early evening hour which was unusual for Selvi's house.They started knocking on the door for some time but when no one responded from the house, they grew more suspicious and broke open the front door. The neighbours found Selvi and the two children battling for life.They immediately alerted an ambulance and rushed Selvi and the kids to Usilampatti Government Hospital. The neighbours also alerted the police who rushed to the spot. Upon hearing the news, Marimuthu also rushed to the hospital. The infant, Muthukumar died in the hospital not responding to the treatment. After administering first aid, Selvi and Pavithra were rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai where their condition is said to be critical.Sindhupatti police have registered the case and investigating in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11932866", "title": "'State should focus on investors' need'", "text": "KOLKATA: The state needs to look more deeply into investors' requirements to create the right kind of environment for investment here, feels Dean R Thompson, the US consul-general, Kolkata.\"States have a responsibility to determine what it is that they want to attract as far as business is concerned and then they should set up policies and opportunities and make it as easy as possible for investments,\" said Thompson. He was speaking at an event organized by Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industries ( BCCI ).Thompson's statement came in the wake of the remark by former consul-general Beth Payne, expressing her concern over the Singur fiasco. Thompson's statement came in the wake of the former US consul-general Beth Payne's remark that expressed concern about the Singur fiasco.US investors were worried about the fact that if Indian industrialists could not start a project in the state then it would be difficult for foreign investors to make a foray.\"The state needs to work on the challenges the companies face when they come in. The government will have to interact more with the business sector to understand industries' need and make the state an attractive and viable investment destination,\" he said.Praising the state government for the Bengal Leads initiative, Thompson said, \"Bengal Leads initiativeIt was an excellent starting point (to attract investment). A great number of companies came in from across India. We think that companies should be looking at West Bengal and northeast India.\"After a hiatus of four years, a seven-member trade delegation from the US visited the state on Friday to check whether Bengal's business climate was conducive for enhancing trade ties.It may be noted that after a gap of around 4 years, seven member US trade delegation visited the state on Friday to check whether business climate in the state was conducive for enhancing trade ties.However, Thompson said: \"Bengal Leads initiative was an excellent starting point (to attract investment). A great number of companies came in from across India. We think that companies should be looking at West Bengal and northeast India.\"The seven-member trade delegation's main focus is the maritime sector. The team will also visit Chennai, Mumbai and Ahmedabad. The trip will be organized by Kolkata Port Trus(KoPT).The team, under Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), will also visit Chennai, Mumbai and Ahemedabad and the trade delegation, under Kolkata Port Trust (KopT), will also visit Chennai, Mumbai and Ahmedabad.Speaking at the same event, KoPT chairman ML Meena said that there was a huge opportunity in the Indian maritime sector since the capacity of major and minor ports in India would go up from the present 1000 million tonne to 3000 million tonne by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936770", "title": "Nadiadwala to launch six more ventures", "text": "February 18, 1987. On his 21st birthday, Sajid Nadiadwala had launched his production banner Nadiadwala Grandson.On completing 25 years in the Hindi cinema industry, the filmmaker, who has made 14 films till date, has decided to launch six more ventures in the recent future.His upcoming projects include Salman Khan starrer Kick, a Sabbir Khan directorial with Shahid Kapoor , Imtiaz Ali's next with Hrithik Roshan , Judwaa 2 with Saif Ali Khan , the rendition of Chetan Bhagat's 2 States with Ranbir Kapoor and the soon to release Housefull 2.Looking back the filmmaker said, \"I used to work as an assistant to my uncle. I worked on various films like Gulaami, Hathyar and Main Azaad Hoon. In 1987, I became the member of IMPPA (Indian Motion Pictures Producers' Association). My biggest achievement at the time was that I signed Govinda. After that, I signed Dharmendra and launched my first film Julm Ki Hukumat, which was directed by the late Bharat Rangacharya.\"\"Akshay (Kumar) was my school friend. We used to go to Don Bosco. So, I made a film with him and Suniel Shetty titled Waqt Hamaara Hai. It was a hit. After that there was no looking back,\" added Sajid.Sajid, unlike other filmmakers have never dabbled with direction. \"Fifteen years back, I planned to direct a film. However, I didn't. Then I got busy in making films. I am happy being a producer now,\" said Sajid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934555", "title": "AKVN finalizes lease, rent for units at Crystal IT Park in city", "text": "INDORE: The Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (AKVN) has finalised the rates for its Crystal IT Park, which is located at Bhanwarkuan, the heart of the city. There are two buildings in the area. While one is a nine-storeyed, the other is four-storeyed.While the AKVN will be charging a price of Rs 40,000 per sq metre for leasing out the properties in the area for a period of 30 years, the rent to be charged by it per month per sq metre will come at Rs 280.Decision to this effect was taken during the board meeting of AKVN (Indore), which was held at Bhopal recently.In another major decision taken during the meeting, the AKVN will be spending a sum of nearly Rs 150 crore for the improvement of infrastructure in the Pithampur Industrial Area which includes construction of road, drainage and improvement of water supply, said Sanjay Dubey, MD, AKVN, while talking to ToI.Moreover, AKVN has decided to make an application for getting the status of special economic zone (SEZ) to the proposed Gems &amp; Jewellery Park, which was being developed in front of Indore Institute of Management (IIM) in an area measuring 329 acre.A tender has already been floated by AKVN in this connection and a detailed project report (DPR) was still awaited, said Dubey.Meanwhile, the real estate activity has been expedited in the Super Corridor area on the outskirts of the city, even before the arrival of the IT majors like TCS and Infosys.The price of the properties in the area has gone up by 1.5 to 2 times over past six months, said a real estate developer, Prashant Jain whose project, Corridor Exotica, is shortly coming up in the area. More and more real estate projects are coming up in the area.Surprisingly, it was despite the fact that the city has already got a huge inventory of properties which is often said to be enough to take care of the housing requirement of the forthcoming IT projects, said Jain, who is also a director of Premshree Prime Properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933402", "title": "Gagarin bust unveiled at planetarium", "text": "KOLKATA: Just over 50 years after Soviet pilot and cosmonaut Yuri Alekseyevich Gagarin created history by becoming the first human to journey into outer space, his bust statue was unveiled at the MP Birla Planetarium on Friday. Incidentally, the planetarium was also set up in the same year.Gagarin had completed an orbit of the Earth in the Vostok spacecraft on 12 April 1961. While Vostok 1 marked his only spaceflight, he served as backup crew to the Soyuz 1 mission that ended in a fatal crash. Gagarin later became deputy training director of the Cosmonaut Training Centre outside Moscow,which was later named after him. But he died in 1968 when a MiG 15 training jet he was piloting crashed.\"The bust is a gift from Russia. The Russian Federation authorities have decided that to commemorate the feats of Yuri Gagrin, different cities in India will be presented with his bust. In Kolkata, MP Birla Planetarium,which for the last 50 years has been a landmark of the city, was chosen by the consulate general of the Russian Federation,\" said Debiprosad Duari, director of research and academic at the MP Birla Institute of Fundamental Research.The bust of Yuri Gagarin was unveiled by mayor Sovan Chatterjee in the presence of Nikolai V Lyubimov, deputy governor, Kaluga,Russian Federation and Vladimir V Lazarv, consul-general of Russian Federation in Kolkata. H V Lodha, trustee, MP Birla Institute of Fundamental Research, was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933424", "title": "SC stays Salem's 1993 blasts trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concurrent decisions of Portuguese courts disapproving framing of charges that entail possible death penalty by Indian courts against extradited gangster Abu Salem persuaded the Supreme Court to stay trials against him in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case and a 1995 murder case.Salem's lawyers approached the SC and sought a stay of trial in seven cases pending against him in courts across the country. Of these, the two major ones related to his alleged role in the 1993 Mumbai serial bomb blasts and the murder of builder Pradeep Jain in March 1995 alleged at the instance of the Dawood Ibrahim gang.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar issued notices to the CBI and the ministry of external affairs on the petition but agreed to stay the ongoing trials only in two cases pending before the Tada court in Mumbai.The bench said, \"This matter requires consideration of this court. But we need the response of the Centre, particularly after the judgment of the Portugal Supreme Court, as very rarely we come across such a case.\"The bench also voiced the CBI's stand before the Portuguese court, where the agency had argued that the Rule of Specialty must be interpreted by the highest court of India.At the same time, the bench said, \"We have to respect the mandate of the Court of Appeal in Lisbon and Supreme Court of Justice in Portugal.\"Seeing the clash of jurisdictions, the court requested the attorney general to assist in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932659", "title": "BJP in tough fight to retain Fort Lucknow, minus Atal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The frenzied campaigning in the city finally came to an end on Friday, and as the decibel levels dropped, two questions hung in the air: how will the BJP fare minus Atal Bihari Vajpayee? And, will the city shake off its lethargy and venture out to vote in large numbers on Sunday?Vajpayee represented Lucknow in the Lok Sabha from 1991 to 2009, a long innings, and while he was still at the crease, BJP scored consistently, even though its run rate fell over the years. The saffron party is now up against an aggressive Congress, a formidable Samajwadi Party and the ruling BSP whose leader Mayawati claims she has converted Lucknow into Paris.While SP has been BJP's main challenger in the past elections, Congress came second in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections and bagged the Lucknow West assembly seat in the by-elections that year. By then Vajpayee had called it a day. His last election appearance was during the 2007 assembly polls when he addressed a public meeting in Aliganj. Since 1991, BJP had swept all the four seats in the city. Despite discontent against the local MLAs, people kept on voting the BJP because of Vajpayee's charm. The resentment, however, was visible in the form of declining poll percentage: from 49.05% in 1996 it dipped to 42.27% in 2002 and was down to 36.35% in 2007.When Vajpayee retired from active politics in 2009, BJP gave the ticket to his disciple Lalji Tandon in the Lok Sabha elections. Tandon was then MLA from Lucknow West assembly seat. Tandon won the 2009 Lok Sabha poll but only by about 40,000 votes, which was much less than Vajpayee's usual lakh-plus margin. In the subsequent by-poll after Tandon vacated the seat, Congress beat BJP, though the turnout was only 28%.This time, post-delimitation, the number of assembly seats has gone up to five. Major political parties have put up candidates keeping the urban middle-class voter-profile in mind. For example, while BJP has fielded national vice-president Kalraj Mishra from Lucknow East, SP has given a ticket to former IIM-Ahemdabad academic Abhishek Mishra from Lucknow North and Congress has asked UPCC chief Rita Bahugana Joshi to contest from Lucknow Cantonment.Many feel that in the absence of the Vajpayee charm, all political parties have got a level playing field this time. While polls promises like free laptops and unemployment allowance and quotas are being debated, the credentials of candidates are also being scrutinised threadbare. \"The interest taken by the people in the election so far indicates that turnout will increase,\" said Sumit Singh, a lecturer in a degree college.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932136", "title": "Trade bodies unhappy over budget allocation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The industry in AP reacted with dismay to the budget presented by finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy on Friday, with most trade bodies clearly stating that the funds allocated to the sector is meagre. From Rs 858 crore for the fiscal year 2011-12, it has come down to Rs 633 crore for 2012-13.\"I don't know how finance minister Anam Ramanarayan justifies the cut in the allocation for the industry, while it has been increased for the other sectors,\" said V S Raju, president of Federation of AP Chambers of Commerce and Industries (Fapcci). He pointed out that the industry subsidy bill already mounted to Rs 650 crore, and the allocation of Rs 630 crore was not even sufficient to clear the backlog.\"The incentive schemes are good, but the allocation is a joke,\" he added. He said industry bodies led by Fapcci would request the government to revise the allocation as they had expected Rs 2,500 crore for the industry.M V Rajeswara Rao, secretary general, Fapcci, said that the allocation for the power sector was also insufficient. \"The power sector allocation of Rs 5,937 crore will barely meet the power subsidy of farmers and the interest paid by the Discoms towards the loans they have taken against the outstanding dues payable by the government. As a result, there is nothing left for power generation,\" he said.He said power availability was very important for the growth of the economy, and power sectors needed improvement in terms of providing meters to the agriculture consumers. \"Separating the power supply lines to agriculture from the other consumers is the need of the hour,\" he added.However, Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) welcomed the budget as it felt that it was helpful in creating jobs for youths.\"I welcome the budget, which proposes to enhance employment and employability and focused on giving a fillip to the farming community through interest-free loans. I am happy to see a special budgetary allocation of Rs 777 crore for various departments under Rajiv Yuva Kiranulu scheme,\" said Jay Galla, chairman, AP chapter of CII and MD of Amara Raja Batteries Ltd.But, he said that the government should have allocated budgetary resources for building air connectivity to other Tier II &amp; Tier III cities.V K Srinivasan, vice chairman, Indian Institute of Economics, said \"The budget estimates are ambitious, but the question is how they are going to realize it. Of late we notice a big gap between estimates and revised estimates and actual figures.S Galab, professor, Centre for Economic and Social Studies (Cess), said: \"At the outset, the welfare schemes have taken upper hand, but the budget is welcome because it contemplates growth through social justice as it includes weaker sections in production process through the schemes like Indira Jala Prabha. The interest-free loan for farmers is also significant as it encourages food production, while helping rural economic growth. Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu is a good scheme in terms of creating jobs for youth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933868", "title": "Mathai asked to salvage Teesta pact", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the BJP taking a contrary stand to the land boundary agreement with Bangladesh, and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee nixing the Teesta agreement, the Manmohan Singh government's much- hyped Bangladesh initiative is in danger of falling flat on its face.India expects to be put on the mat on these issues during the forthcoming visit by the Bangladeshi home minister Sahara Khatun next week. To save a crucial part of Indian foreign policy, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai will be in Kolkata on Saturday to try to convince the mercurial Banerjee on the proposed Teesta agreement. She had nixed the agreement days before PM Manmohan Singh's visit to Dhaka last September, which saw the agreement aborted after there was an agreement on the substance.Banerjee refused it because she said she had not been consulted before the agreement was drafted. The PMO refutes this. But the general consensus is that the Centre had sort of presented her with a fait accompli that she had found very difficult to sell to her people, particularly the fact that she could not get a better deal for Bengal than the previous Left Front government had. Banerjee was also miffed by the PM hogging all the limelight on the Teesta deal when the Ganga treaty had the imprimatur of Jyoti Basu on it. Since then Banerjee has constituted a one-man review committee for the Teesta deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932214", "title": "Overcrowding triggers alarm, Metro doors stuck at Yamuna Bank station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over-crowding in Metro trains continues to be a major problem. Commuters on the Dwarka Sector 21-Noida line were in for a rude shock when the doors of the coach refused to open at the Yamuna Bank station in the afternoon on Friday. An alarm accidentally activated in the congested compartment had jammed the doors, said officials.\"It was a four-coach train and very crowded. Suddenly, at the Yamuna Bank station, the doors of the third coach wouldn't open though the train had stopped at the station. Finally, we were asked to de-board from the next coach,\" said Shreya Upadhyay, a commuter. The incident took place around 1pm.A DMRC spokesperson admitted that doors had jammed. \"The door of the coach couldn't open as an alarm had been accidentally activated by a passenger. When this happens, the doors get locked. Only after the alarm is manually reset do the doors become operational,\" said the official.Commuters however, say that increasing crowds on trains lead to problems every day. \"Trains are so crowded during peak hours that passengers have to be pushed inside for the doors to shut properly,\" said Upadhyay. Friday's incident too was a result of the surging crowd, admitted DMRC officials. \"The alarm may have been pressed due to over-crowding,\" said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934608", "title": "IAC submits memo to chiefs of political parties", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa chapter of India against corruption (IAC) has sent a memorandum to presidents of political parties in Goa seeking to know their party's stand on empowering gram sabhas and enacting an act as per the draft of Goa Panchayati raj amendment Act prepared by Arvind Kejriwal.Among the other demands, IAC has said regular gram sabha meetings should take place on a fixed day at fixed time at a fixed place every month and be presided over by a person, other than sarpanch or deputy sarpanch.All assets like roads, streets, public toilets etc, which are completely situated within the boundaries of a village should be transferred for upkeep and maintenance to village level, the IAC press note continues.IAC has also sought to know the views of various partys on delay in enforcing Goa Lokayukta Act and whether the party's stand is in line with Jan Lokpal Bill of Team Anna and Lokayukta bill of Uttarakhand.IAC says the clarification is sought in order to bring public awareness before March 3 assembly polls.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933604", "title": "Telomeres linked to infertility among men", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telomeres - protective caps at the ends of human chromosome - has now been linked to infertility among men in their reproductive age group.A day after TOI reported how a blood test will soon be available for Indians to gauge their telomere length - the best indicators of biological age as against chronological age - doctors at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS) report that they have found telomere length among infertile men \"significantly shorter\" than their fertile counterparts.The multi-departmental study, to be published soon, says reduced telomere length is causing the testis to age faster than normal, making even young men infertile.Dr Rima Dada, associate professor at AIIMS' department of Anatomy, told TOI \"Telomeres are elongated by the enzyme called telomerase. Numerous studies have addressed the connection between telomere and various diseases but telomere length in sperm and its role in fertilization are not known. Our study was aimed to analyze the sperm telomere length in both infertile and control (fertile) men. All cases were evaluated for routine semen analysis. Sperm DNA was isolated and the average mean telomere length was measured. The relative sperm mean telomere length of infertile men was found to be significantly lower when compared to controls.\"The pilot study involved around 50 men. The team is preparing to conduct a largescale study to further validate the finding.The team of researchers that included Dr Dada, Dr Rajeev Kumar from the department of urology and Dr Deepika Deka from the department of gynecology made another interesting finding.Free radicals - atoms that start a chain reaction and cause cell damage when they react with important cellular components such as DNA or cell membrane, caused by oxidative stress - also affects telomere length.\"Free radicals in our body are reduced when we exercise moderately, have plenty of fruits and vegetables instead of non vegetarian food. Cells may function poorly or die due to free radicals. Having a diet of antioxidants rich food prevents cellular damage -the common reason for cancer, aging and a variety of degenerative diseases. Smoking, alcohol, fast food and obesity increases oxidative stress,\" Dr Dada added.Infertility has become a serious problem in India and is affecting 20% of couples attempting pregnancy and in over 60% of the cases it is due to low sperm count in men.According to Dr Dada, an infertile man is one whose wife is not able to conceive after one year of regular unprotected intercourse. She said, \"Male infertility may be caused due to problems associated with sperm production, sperm transport and sperm motility (ability to move). In the past decade, there has been a marked decline in male reproductive health with increase in the population of sub-fertile males. Due to this, now the accepted definition of lower limit of normal semen quality has dropped from 60 to 20 million per ml.\" She added, \"This proves that environmental and lifestyle causes are adding to this rapid decline.\"Telomeres in most human cells shorten with each round of DNA replication, because they lack the enzyme telomerase. \"Sperms are most vulnerable to oxidative stress. Oxidative stress accelerates telomere loss, whereas antioxidants decelerate it,\" doctors added.There is extensive scientific evidence showing the strong correlation between the percentage of short telomeres and the risk of developing diseases associated with ageing such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases and Alzheimer's. Similarly, lifestyle habits (nutrition, obesity and exercise) are increasingly being shown to impact telomere length.The finding that human chromosomes are protected by telomeres won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11931904", "title": "Only one citizen candidate wins", "text": "MUMBAI: Only one out of the 79 citizen candidates fielded won in the civic polls on Friday, which does not augur well for the movement in the city. Makarand Narwekar (33), a lawyer in the Bombay High Court, secured 2,208 votes, defeated sitting Congress corporator Vinod Shekhar in ward 227, Colaba, but it was no cakewalk despite a margin of 1,400 votes.The ward has been a Congress bastion for years and Narwekar faced many odds in week before the elections. Posters were circulated about him having a common symbol of a 'cup and saucer', which was also allotted to the Republican Party of India (RPI) Athavale faction, to create confusion among voters. A candidate with a similar surname 'Narvekar' was also fielded as an Independent.\"First-time voters in Colaba and many ALM members voted. It's a new page and people have given a mandate that they don't want a political candidate. A prominent political party did everything it could to derail the movement. They tried to link me with the RPI. It only showed the political candidate in poor light,\" said Narwekar.Narwekar, also a member of the My Dream Colaba NGO, said, \"I'll have to adjust my schedule and wake up early now. As a corporator, we have a strategy in place. We want to get our house in order first. The main thing is to connect with voters as many don't know who I am. We will activate advanced locality managements (ALMs) and have citizen meetings. As an ALM, we had many ideas but they were not being implemented. The journey begins from here.\"Adolf D'Souza, Mumbai's first citizen corporator, lost this time, with only 1,200 votes. D'Souza, a corporator from ward 63 in Juhu, contested from ward 60 in Andheri (W) this time. But Sanjay Pawar (Shiv Sena) won with over 5,000 votes. \"It wasn't my ward and I haven't worked in it. First-time voters could have increased votes for citizen candidates. But the movement for political change will not die. We have to find out why voters didn't choose the new alternative of having citizen candidates,\" said Adolf.Hansel D'Souza's Mumbai Nagrik Manch ( MNM) fielded three candidates, the Lok Satta Party 13 and Mumbai 227 with 53 failed to bag any seat. \"We have never witnessed such money power before, an indication of what the future will be. In Vile Parle, we campaigned for six months and came up with 2,800 votes for Hina Shroff, while major parties like the MNS, Shiv Sena and Congress with six days of campaigning got 5,000 votes each. The only hope is the middle class. Unless they step out and exert their influence, the rot will continue. The middle class was hardly out to vote. We are committed to setting up models of local governance. Our efforts will continue, to engage people with the political process and get involved in governance,\" said D'Souza.Mumbai 227 spokesperson Santosh Awatramani said their candidates didn't have enough resources and time to campaign. \"The symbols were delayed and we started a bit late. We were compounded with many challenges but managed to have 53 candidates on the forum. The poor voter turn-out is also responsible. We thought Mumbai would come out in great numbers to vote. We are taking the forum forward. We have made many mistakes but we must be engaged in the community as a pressure group to put up candidates for the assembly polls,\" said Awatramani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933822", "title": "Win some, lose some for relatives of leaders", "text": "PUNE: Relatives of political leaders in Pune reaped the benefits of their connections by securing party tickets in the civic elections, but not everyone succeeded in winning their seats.Congress heavyweights Aba Bagul and Deepak Mankar retained their seats by winning with an ease, but their sons, Amit Bagul and Raghvendra Mankar, lost theirs. Congress MLA Ramesh Bagwe's son Avinash Bagwe, a sitting corporator, managed to retain his seat, while the other Bagwe sibling, Yasir, lost the elections.NCP MLA Bapu Pathare had managed to get five tickets for his relatives, including wife Sanjila, sister-in-law Suman Pathare, cousin Mahadev Pathare, nephew Mahendra Pathare and brother-in-law Sanjay Galande. Except Galande, Pathare's four relatives won their respective seats.Shiv Sena MLA Chandrakant Mokate's nephew Yogesh Mokate won his seat from Kothrud area. But, another Shiv Sena MLA, Mahadev Babar's daughter-in-law Megha Babar lost her seat from Kondhwa area.Five couples were also contesting the civic elections. NCP candidate Subhash Jagtap and his wife Usha, and MNS candidate Rajendra Vagaskar and his wife Vanita won their respective seats. But, Congress corporator Shankar Pawar and his corporator wife Reena Pawar lost theirs. Congress corporator Anil Jadhav and his wife Anita lost the seats. Similarly, corporator Ujjwal Keskar and his wife Poorva, who contested as Pune Janahit Aghadi candidates lost their seats.Father and sonAba Bagul (Congress) won, son Amit lostDeepak Mankar (Congress) won, son Raghvendra lostHusband and WifeRajendra Vagaskar and Vanita Vagaskar (MNS) wonSubhash Jagtap and Usha Jagtap (NCP) wonShankar Pawar and Reena Pawar (Congress) lostShyam Deshpande (Shiv Sena) lost; Sangita Deshpande wonUjjwal Keskar and wife Poorva (Pune Janahit Aghadi) lostAnil Jadhav and his wife Anita (Congress) lostRelativesMegha Babar, daughter-in-law of Shiv Sena MLA Mahadev Babar failed to retain her seatYogesh Mokate, nephew of Shiv Sena MLA Chandrakant Mokate wonFour relatives of NCP MLA Bapu Pathare won the elections while his brother-in-law Sanjay Galande lostCongress MLA Ramesh Bagwe's son Avinash won but another son Yasir lostFormer congress MLA Chandrakant Shivarkar's wife Kavita Shivarkar won", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11936963", "title": "Indian IT companies employ over 1 lakh in US: Nirupama Rao", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian companies have invested more than $26 billion in the US in the last five years and the IT companies employ more than one lakh people in that country, New Delhi's top diplomat in Washington has said.\"Indian companies are now contributing strongly to local State economies in the US with a presence in 43 states and having invested over $26 billion in the last five years in several key areas of the economy, in manufacturing as also in services,\" the Indian Ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao, said yesterday.India's IT industry has in particular been a strong player in establishing value based mutually beneficial partnerships, Rao said in her address to Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, India-South Asia Programme.\"As per our estimates, Indian IT companies employ over 100,000 people in the US and the Indian IT industry supports over 280,000 jobs indirectly out of which about 200,000 are with US residents,\" she said.Rao said the steady growth of the Indian economy has not only helped improve the living standards of own people, but has also opened up new opportunities to expand mutually beneficial economic and commercial ties with the US.\"Two-way trade in goods and services continues to grow steadily reaching over $100 billion last year. The US businesses are becoming strong partners in India's economic growth story; and Indian businesses are creating value, wealth and jobs in the United States ,\" she said.In order to continue on the high growth trajectory, India will need to invest more than $1 trillion in the coming years in building a world class infrastructure that could cater to the demands of a billion plus population and ensure the availability of clean sources of energy, including nuclear energy, to fuel such growth.Noting that the Civil Nuclear Initiative that has become a symbol of India-US transformed relationship and was welcomed by both sides; she said there are immense opportunities for US companies in this sector and Indian and US companies are already engaged in a discussion to take cooperation forward in this crucial sector.On its part, the Government of India is committed to providing a level playing field for all its international partners, she reiterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11932959", "title": "18 hurt as bus rams into tree", "text": "MYSORE: Two girls, who had come to see their ailing mother at a hospital in Mysore, were injured in a freak road mishap along with a dozen passengers after the private bus in which they were travelling, swerved sharply to avoid a four-wheeler and then hit a tree on Thursday.Rebecca (14), one of the two daughters, has been seriously injured and is undergoing treatment at the Krishna Rajendra Hospital, city traffic police said. Rebecca of Kollegala, Chamarajanagar, along with three of her relatives had come to Mysore to see her mother, who is undergoing treatment for an illness at a private hospital here. The accident happened when she was returning home.Police said the bus driver veered on the wrong side of the road to avoid an oncoming vehicle and rammed into a tree. Around 18 passengers sustained injuries including car driver, Mohammed Ismail. Four were treated as out-patients and remaining have been admitted to K R Hospital and a private hospital. However, condition of the injured persons is said to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11933793", "title": "Raj's party storms Panchavati area", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) emerged as the single largest party in the Panchavati division. Of 24 seats, the MNS won seven, while the BJP won six seats. The NCP and the Congress won five and two seats, respectively, while the Shiv Sena could manage only one. The counting of votes for 22 seats in Panchavati Divison of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was held on Friday.The MNS, which had won only one seat in the 2007 elections, won seven seats this time. In ward 7 (B), MNS candidate Ashok Murtadak defeated Shiv Sena's Sanjay Bagul by 128 votes. Murtadak received 6,047 votes, while Sanjay Bagul got 5,919 votes.In ward 9 (A), MNS candidate Vishal Gholap defeated his rival Balasaheb Kardak (NCP) by 54 votes. Gholap and Kardak received 2,793 and 2,739 votes, respectively. In ward 1 (A), MNS candidate Ganesh Chavan defeated the PWP candidate Akshay Damase by 2,346 votes. Chavan received 4,984 votes, while Damase got 2,638 votes. In ward 1 (B), MNS candidate Meena Malode defeated PWP's Pushpa Shinde by 771 votes. Malode got 4,233 votes, while Pushpa Shide got 3,462 votes. The other MNS winners from Panchavati include Ruchi Kumbharkar (ward 3 B), Rahul Dhikale (12 A) and Lata Tile (12 B).The NCP won five seats in Panchavati division. In the 2007 elections, the party had won three seats. In ward 9 (B), NCP candidate Kavita Kardak defeated MNS's Sarika Bhavar by 2,050 votes. Kardak and Bhavar got 3,898 and 1,848 votes, respectively. In ward 10 (A), NCP candidate Samadhan Jadhav defeated Shiv Sena's Bhagawan Bhoge by 1,768 votes. Jadhav received 3,863 votes, while Bhagawan Bhoge got 2,095 votes. In ward 10 (B), NCP candidate Rupali Gavand defeated Shiv Sena's Reema Bhoge by 1,453 votes. Gavand got 3,437 votes, while Reema Bhoge got 1,984 votes.In ward 2 (A), NCP candidate Sunita Nimse defeated MNS's Gangubai Malode by 1,930 votes. Nimse and Malode received 5,225 and 3,295 votes, respectively. In ward 3 (A), NCP candidate Sunita Shinde emerged victorious.The Shiv Sena, which had won three seats in the 2007 elections, could win only one seat this time around. In ward 7 (A), Shiv Sena candidate Manisha Hekare defeated MNS's Lankabai Shinde by 147 votes. Hekare received 4,276 votes, while Shinde got 4,129 votes.Congress won two seats in Panchavati division. In the 2007 elections, the Congress had won four seats. In ward 8 (A), Congress candidate Vimal Patil defeated MNS' Anita Darade by 2,816 votes. Vimal Patil got 4,656 votes, while Anita Darade received 1,840 votes. In ward 2 (B), Sunita Shinde emerged victorious. The BJP won 4 seats in Panchavati division, against 6 seats in 2007 elections.The Four BJP candidates, who emerged victorious in the division, are Jyoti Gangurde (ward 11 A), Balasaheb Sanap (ward 11 B), Parsharam Waghere (ward 4 A) and Phulawati Bodke (ward 4 B), Ranjana Bhanasi (ward 5 A), Shalini Pawar (ward 5 B).Rebel Gurumit Bagga, denied a ticket by the Congress, which fielded Dinesh Bacchav, emerged victorious in ward 8 (B). The outgoing corporators, who were defeated in the elections include Sanjay Bagul (Shiv Sena), Anant Suryavashi (MNS), Ashok Burunge (Congress), Gotiram Varghade (Shiv Sena), Sharad Koshire (NCP), Reema Bhoge (Shiv Sena), Bhagawan Bhoge (Shiv Sena).Of the 24 seats in Panchavati division, NCP and the Congress contested 14 and 9 seats, respectively. The BJP is contested 20 seats, while the Shiv Sena had fielded its candidates on 22 seats and its ally RPI on one seat. MNS contested 23 seats, while PWP and BSP contested two seats each. Total of 145 candidates, including 45 independents contested the elections in Panchavati divison.In the 2007 elections, 21 corporators from Panchavati division were elected to NMC House, including 6 from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), 3 from Shiv Sena, 4 from Congress, 3 from Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and one each from Lok Janshakti Party, Bahujan Samajwadi Party (BSP), Peasant Workers Party (PWP), Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and one Independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11934111", "title": "'Glad to see more women choosing science as a career'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is heartening to see more women turning to scientific research for a career, said DRDO scientist Tessy Thomas while interacting with the students of Pattom central school in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday. Tessy, who is also leading the Directorate for Mission Design, said nearly 50% of the scientists working there are women. She had one message for the students - science has no gender.Tessy, who is also the director of Agni missile project, said that she cannot go into the specifics of the project as of now. \"All that I can say (about Agni-V launch) is that it can be expected very soon. It is a solid fuelled long range inter-continental ballistic missile indigenously developed by DRDO. Agni-V can strike targets beyond 5,000 km,\" she said.Tessy said it was a quantum leap in technology after Agni-IV was launched successfully in November last year. The missile could hit a target 3,000 km away. After the successful launch of Agni-I and Agni-II, it was a learning experience in missile aerodynamics when the initial Agni-III test fire failed, she said. Later when the Agni-IV missile was successfully test fired, people admired our work. On what inspired her to take up defence research, she said it was her fancy for rockets at an early age that inspired her to take up the radar systems elective for her B Tech course. She completed her MTech in guided missiles and when DRDO conducted a test, she emerged as one among the top ten.Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) executive vice president V N Rajasekharan Pillai was present for the interaction. \"Women's education has been the bedrock of the state's developmental success but to achieve a more inclusive growth this talent pool needs to be retained in the industry and academia,\" he said.Scientist C G Ramachandran Nair gave a special lecture on the life and work of women scientists. He recalled how women such as Marie Curie , chemist Margot Becke-Goehring, nuclear physicist Lise Meitner, molecular biologist Rosalind Franklin, Indian meterologist Anna Mani and botanist E K Janaki Ammal carried out pioneering scientific work in the face of intense gender bias and prejudices. Dr K.R. Lekha, head of KSCSTE's women scientists cell, said that the council would extend all support for youngsters who want to excel in science.She said the meeting was in consonance with the theme of this year for International Women's Day which was \"Connecting Girls, Inspiring Futures\".Thiruvananthapuram: \"All that I would say about Agni-V launch is that it can be expected very soon, it is a solid fuelled long range inter-continental ballistic missile. Indigenously developed by DRDO, it can strike targets beyond 5000 km,\" said Tessy Thomas, project director of Agni from Advanced Systems Lab, Hyderabad.While reinstating that the purpose of her visit to the city was to interact with school students, she said it was a quantum leap into technology with the successful launch of the Agni-IV missile that broke records for India in November last by hitting a target 3,000 km away off the Balasore test range in Orissa coast.After the successful launch of Agni-1 and Agni-2, it was a learning experience in missile aerodynamics when the initial Agni-3 test fire failed after it went 30 km up, she said. Based on jet interaction and base flow analysis, it was learnt that reverse flow with nozzle's flexible freedom hot air pervaded in and the system failed. Later when the Agni-IV missile was successfully test fired, people looked at it with surprise for it was like a comet system which was recorded in video cameras.Stating that she is glad to find more women in scientific research, Tessy Thomas who is also leading the Directorate of Mission Design said, nearly 50% of the scientists working at the Directorate are women. On what inspired her to take up defence research, she said it was her fancy for rockets at an early age that took her to engineering from BTech with an elective in radar systems to MTech in guided missiles. Then when DRDO had conducted a test for scientists' recruitment, she emerged as one among the top ten. \"Science has no gender\", says Tessy Thomas who is also a proud mother with son Tejas, an engineering student.KSCSTE Executive Vice President and Ex-officio Principal Secretary of Kerala's Department of Science and Technology Prof V.N. Rajasekharan Pillai noted that women's education has been the bedrock of the state's developmental success but to achieve a more inclusive growth this talent pool needs to be retained in the industry and academia.Eminent scientist and former STEC Chairman Prof. C.G. Ramachandran Nair gave a special lecture on the Life and Work of Women Scientists. He recalled how women such as Marie Curie, chemist Margot Becke-Goehring, nuclear physicist Lise Meitner, molecular biologist Rosalind Franklin, Indian meterologist Anna Mani and botanist E K Janaki Ammal carried out pioneering scientific work in the face of intense gender bias and prejudices.Dr K.R. Lekha, head of KSCSTE's Women Scientists Cell, said in her welcome address that the council would extend all support for youngsters who want to excel in science. She said the meeting was in consonance with the theme of this year for International Women's Day which was \"Connecting Girls, Inspiring Futures\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934488", "title": "The rumblers of metro won\u2019t cause a tumble", "text": "It seems humble springs can muffle the rumbles of metro trains. In Delhi, as metro trains dart through the underground corridors at precise intervals, the clatter of the rail is amplified by the corridor walls, rattling the neighbourhood homes above.But for the sake of our neigbourhoods, the Chennai Metro Rail is planning to install a noise and vibration reduction mechanism, likely a mass spring system, on the underground tracks here.The wheels of running trains clang against the rail, making a huge noise, which is further ballooned inside the cloistered tunnel, and escapes to the surface as vibrations. The noise and vibrations need to be hushed up because neither the heritage and old buildings nor our sleepy neighbourhoods will tolerate it.Mass spring system is considered the best antidote for rumbles. Tracks will be laid over an elastic layer made of steel coil spring. The springs will absorb the vertical vibrations caused by the running train and turn down the noise. For the railways, cutting down on noise is not a priority. So, the sleepers are laid over coarse gravel beds. Then the tracks are fitted over the sleepers, with no aid to cut down the clatter.Metro systems across the world use various techniques to minimize noise and vibrations. Chennai Metro Rail has on its tables an alternative to mass spring system -- a rubber-based suspension system. In this, spring coils will be replaced with rubber pieces or sheets.\"We are considering two technologies - mass spring and a rubber-based system. The general consultants will decide which is best for our conditions. The selection of the technology will depend on the stretch and the type of buildings located near the underground line. Nothing has been finalized yet,\" said a senior official of Chennai Metro Rail.Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) has decided to install a mass spring system in the tunnels being built as part of its phase III project. The line burrows through Old Delhi, where buildings are really old. Besides, residents from other parts of the city where metro rail is up and running have complained to the corporation that they could feel the jitters at home as trains pass through underground corridors.Taking a cue from Delhi's experience, Chennai metro officials have started discussing the technology that should be adopted. Though buildings of archaeological and historic importance are not located too close to the alignment of the underground corridor, Chennai metro has indentified 14 buildings that could be susceptible to vibrations. Vibration levels will be monitored constantly in the vicinity of these buildings.Metro will also lay ballast-less tracks with long welded rails to minimize noise and vibrations. Mass spring system or rubber-based system will be needed on those stretches where vibrations need to be reduced considerably. \"Our trains are light and will make less noise. The noise will be lesser than that generated by road traffic. Still, we are looking at ways to tone it down further,\" said an official.The move comes after residents and conservationists expressed concern about the impact metro will have on heritage buildings. George Town residents even dragged metro rail to court to prevent the line from running underneath their neighbourhood. \"Underground corridors will be built around 20 metres below the surface. The depth is too much for rumble or vibrations to affect heritage buildings and residences,\" said another official.Tunnel-boring machines get ready to roarMetro Rail is ready to burrow. Four tunnel-boring machines for underground work have arrived at Shenoy Nagar and Washermenpet and the groundwork is almost over at various places across the city.Two more tunnel-boring machines will arrive soon - one for Saidapet station works and another for Nehru Park, which is one of the locations where the machines will start roaring.\"Factory acceptance test for these machines are done. One will come by the end of this month while the other will be here next month,\" said a senior official of Chennai Metro rail.Construction of diaphragm walls, which will help shore up the earth from caving in while digging, is progressing at places where underground stations will be built - Washermenpet, Madras high court, Egmore, May Day Park, Nehru Park, KMC, Shenoy Nagar, Anna Nagar Tower and Tirumangalam. Soil test is over and utilities like water pipelines and power cables have been shifted out of these places.\"Works on the diaphragm wall began this month at spots where underground station will be built near new government secretariat complex on Anna Salai. Work sites are getting ready to hoist and launch tunnel boring machines at Thiru Vi Ka Park, Egmore, Nehru Park and Washermenpet,\" a metro rail official said.Precast concrete rings will be installed on tunnel walls as soon as boring is complete. Moulds to fabricate precast concrete tunnel walls have arrived from abroad and trials have begun at Vanagaram and Vayalanallur where metro rail has set up a factory to make precast concrete rings. A senior official said tunnel boring work would begin in the first quarter of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936843", "title": "I don\u2019t manage friendships: Sajid Nadiadwala", "text": "It's Sajid Nadiadwala's birthday today. He turns 25 but that is not his chronological age. It's the number of years he has completed in Bollywood as a producer. In a brief chat, he talks about his buddies ( Salman Khan , Akshay Kumar, Govinda), the high points in the past two decades and why he wants to be like Walt Disney.Twenty-five years! What's your favourite part? The best part was in 1987, when on my birthday I became a member of the Indian Motion Picture Producers' Association (IMPAA). I came home and proudly told my mother. She was like, \"Are you mad?\" I was 22 and a production controller, assisting JP Dutta with my uncle. I got my membership card made and began my journey as a producer.Why did you decide to become a producer? I had applied for the IAS exams and in the interim period of one month, I decided to work with my uncle Habib. The rest just happened. My uncle made my first film Ghulami for me. It starred Dharmendra, Mithun, and Naseeruddin Shah and JP (Dutta) directed it. It was a success and I never looked back.In the last 25 years, what has been your greatest reward? I think it's been the friends and relationships that I have forged along the way. And I am not only talking about actors like Govinda, Salman, Akshay, Ranbir... but also the staff who've worked with me - from my driver to production assistants.How do you manage to remain friends with different actors? I don't manage friendships. Sanju (Dutt) and Sunny (Deol) have not worked with me for years, but we are still friends. I worked with Salman even when he was not doing so well, so now that he is successful, people think I have an agenda. Today, everybody wants to do a film with Salman, so now even my motives can be questioned.Was there a doubt in your mind about upsetting him when you decided to work with his frenemy Shah Rukh Khan ? When I got married, I asked Salman for his opinion by showing him Wardha's photograph... so how could I take such an important decision without informing him? When I went to Shah Rukh, I told him that I would ask Salman if he was okay with it. Salman said, \"Go ahead. He's a wonderful actor so you should do it.\"Three high points in your career? The first was when I launched my banner on February 18, 1987. The second was when Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega released. My accounts were always in the red. But that film changed my life. That is why I hold Salman in the highest esteem. That film wasn't supposed to happen; Salman flung the diary at me saying, \"I don't have dates.\" I returned home with the diary and started filling in dates. I requested all his producers to give me a day here and there. We made that film and it changed everything. I'd decided that the day I paid off all my debts, I would get married. Exactly two months later, I got hitched. Then came the thrid high. After about nine blockbusters, I had forgotten how to deal with a failure when Jaan-EMaan released. I was shaken. Sajid Khan came to me with Heyy Baby. He was like a brother to me, but didn't know the ABCD about cameras and hadn't even assisted anyone. I spoke to Akshay in New York and he said okay without hearing the script. That was the third high point in my career... giving a break to somebody and making a superhit.Nothing left to achieve? No. I never dreamt of reaching where I am today. I reached my goal in 1995-96, when I got back-to-back hits. Last year, I took my kids to Disneyland. While talking to Wardha, I realised that Disney is actually the surname of the man behind the studio, but one only identifies it with animation. Now I have a new dream. If I can achieve the same level of legend with the Nadiadwala name, that would be awesome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933986", "title": "IIM-A students taking to uncharted territory in this year's placement", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, have touched a new horizon this time. From playing corporate managers of the financial sector, the IIMA students this time took to unchartered territory like mediating acquisitions, mergers and also selling social media games.This marks a definite change of hats for the students of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A) this year.This year, according to IIMA sources, the institute had approached more domestic players and companies in core sectors like FMCG, energy and consulting. \"Earlier students would keep jobs with domestic postings as their last option. But since the last one year, the pay packages for domestic jobs are as lucrative as international offers. More than 180 students have been already placed but this year financial institutions have recruited less during placement and more by extending pre-placements offers,\" said a student.Cluster 2 of IIMA placements consisted of five cohorts - FMCG marketing, business development, general management, financial services and technology consulting. The day had the presence of first time recruiters like San Francisco-based social gaming giant Zynga which extended offers to the students. Technology major IBM visited the campus and made more than 20 offers to the students during the day.On the other hand only three international investment banks including Credit Suisse, JP Morgan and HSBC , participated in the cluster-2 of the final placement at IIM-A. Students of the B-school received only 10 offers from these recruiters. Until last year finance sector made the highest number of recruiters at the institute's campus. Last year there were 94 offers from the sector.\"After the downfall of Lehman Brothers the writing was on the wall. B-schools around the world had sensed that post 2009 international banks will not remain as aggressive during placements. This year, the institute had in fact approached more domestic players and companies in core sectors like FMCG, energy and consulting,\" said a senior IIM-A professor.IIM-A faculties said that the strategy worked wonders for the institute as it was consulting companies and first-time recruiters who led the momentum during the cluster 2 placements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933669", "title": "Witness gives clean chit to DB Realty MD Goenka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Balwa, an accused in the 2G scam , was pursuing the licence and allocation of spectrum for the firm, while co-accused Vinod Goenka had nothing to do with it, a prosecution witness told a special CBI court on Friday.Vinod Kumar Budhiraja, Chief Regulatory Officer of Etisalat DB Telecom (P) Ltd, said Balwa was authorized in 2007 by the board of Swan Telecom to deal with the authorities in connection with the Unified Access Services' (UAS) licences.\"It is correct that it was Shahid Balwa who was acting on behalf of the company in connection with application for UAS licences, pursuing the same and obtaining licence and spectrum. Vinod Goenka had nothing to do with the telecom business,\" he told Special CBI Judge O P Saini.Both Balwa and DB Realty MD Goenka are facing trial for their alleged roles in the scam.Budhiraja said Goenka looks after only realty business and Goenka and Balwa had never asked him to fix their meeting with former telecom minister A Raja. \"It is correct that Vinod Goenka looks after only realty business and does not look after the telecom business. It is correct that a meeting of Goenka and Balwa in the ministry of communications and information technology was to be fixed only through me but it was never fixed.\".... To the best of my knowledge, they (Goenka and Balwa) have never gone to the Ministry.... Goenka and Balwa never asked me to fix a meeting with A Raja,\" he said, adding, \"as far as I remember, they never visited A Raja\".Budhiraja said Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, which is now known as Etisalat DB Telecom Pvt Ltd, had on December 7, 2007, informed the Department of Telecom (DoT) regarding the exit of Reliance Telecom Ltd from its equity as well as preference capital.\"The chart attached with this (December 7, 2007) letter shows the change of shareholding pattern in STPL as on December 7, 2007. I have also been shown a letter dated December 10, 2007, written by DoT to STPL seeking clarifications/information.\"....Before this letter was sent, STPL had already communicated to DoT the exit of Reliance Telecom from it,\" he said.Budhiraja, whose recording of statement concluded on Friday, said STPL shareholders did not sell any share to Etisalat Mauritius that infused capital in STPL in December, 2008. He said whatever money was infused into STPL was used for rollout of services, operational expenditure and capital expenditure for licence service. Budhiraja said no money invested by Etisalat in STPL has been transferred to the DB Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932827", "title": "HC seeks explanation on illegal colonies", "text": "JAIPUR: A single-judge bench of high court has asked for an explanation from commissioner of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) for his inaction in checking illegal multi-storey construction of flats and drilling of borewell in non-regularized colonies in the state capital.The matter came on a writ petition filed by Arpit Nagar Aavaas Vikaas Samiti where it was stated that Arpit Nagar Colony was carved out by one Bhairav Nirman Grah Sahkari Samiti in 1981.Initially there was provision for only 90 plots with a huge chunk of reserved land for utility, park and facilities in the locality. But later the society increased the number of plots. Even land for road, park and facility area were sold to private builders who started erecting multi-level residential units without the authorities' approval.Abhinav Sharma, counsel for the petitioner told high court that private builders started erecting multi-level residential buildings and also drilled a large number of borewells in each building despite the fact that the area is a dark zone one and there is a blanket ban on the borewell in the locality.It was also brought to the court's notice that the petitioner Samiti had approached JDC, registrar of cooperative society, officials of PHED but there was no response. The court, taking cognizance of the illegal construction and boring of tubewells in the dark zone, issued a showcause notice to commissioner JDA asking him to file reply by February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936602", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor is very special to me: Nargis Fakhri", "text": "Nargis Fakhri was touted as the next best thing prior to the release of her debut film, Rockstar. While director Imtiaz Ali and lead actor Ranbir Kapoor got all the acclaim, Nargis had to contend with the brickbats.Post that, the actress disappeared to New York for two months to take stock. In her first interview since returning from the US, she tells us what she's been through, including her relationship with Ranbir.When Rockstar released you were touted as the new \"It Girl\". However, you haven't signed any new films since. Rockstar was a very special film. It was during Rockstar that I realised acting is what I am meant to do. After being part of such a fantastic project, my team and I are taking our time selecting my next project. So whether it is signing a film or a brand, a lot of thought is going into it. I am not going to sign everything that comes my way. If it means waiting for the right film, then so be it.Imtiaz Ali has stood by you and said he would cast you again if the project is right. Comment. It's endearing to know that he has stood by me. I think he is an amazing director and human being, and I feel honoured that he chose me to be a part of this film.How did you get Rockstar? Rockstar found me. I got emails while living in Copenhagen . As luck would have it, Imtiaz was coming to Prague, my mother's home city, and asked to meet me. I hesitated but then thought what the heck, I'll just see what this is all about. Next thing I knew, I was on a flight to India and a few months later we were back in Prague shooting.Who in Bollywood has been kindest to you post Rockstar?Everyone has been so kind to me and helped to make things comfortable here. But I have the greatest gratitude towards Mrs Neetu Kapoor, Ranbir's mother. I don't know if she knows it, but I am truly grateful to have met her and so blessed that she was around for me... and still is. It's hard when you don't have your mom around, and she exudes that loving, caring feminine energy that I was missing. There are two girls that I can call at 3 am - one is my manager and the other was an assistant director on Rockstar. That's about it for now.Do you feel being linked romantically to Ranbir was damaging to your career? I don't think it was damaging, I don't think any of that was a big deal at all. I chose to ignore it and concentrate on my work and hopefully, people will do that too.What is your true relationship with Ranbir, barring the \"just good friends\" cliche? He was, is and will always be very special to me, because I didn't have any other friend here in Mumbai. We hung out a lot. I was grateful to have him around. We remain friends, and when we both have time I'm sure we'll catch up. We try to keep in touch, but schedules are hectic and it makes it hard to be as close as we used to be.Can you call him your 3 am friend? Yes. He has always been encouraging and supportive. If I need anything, I can call and he'll willingly help me out, or at least try.Are you single? How did you celebrate Valentine's Day this year? Yes I'm single. I spent it with a few friends.When critics said you didn't have any acting skills, did you feel hurt? How can I feel hurt or disappointed when I never set out to be an actress? Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would do a Bollywood film, so there was no way I could have prepared for any of this. People have their views on others all the time, so it did not hurt to hear the criticism. I was eager to hear the truth so I could understand what I needed to work on.In retrospect, do you think you should have enrolled in an acting academy before joining films? Once again, if I knew Iwas going to do this as a career then yes, of course. But being that I had no idea this would've happened, how could I have prepared? When I was offered the role, I had only three months to get ready. That's not enough time. Now that I am back, I am going to look into whatever is required.Before Rockstar released, we'd heard you would only work with the three Khans and Hrithik Roshan. Is that still your stand? I have always been professional when it comes to work. I cannot and will not dictate who I want to work with. I am only one movie old, so there is no question of me wanting to work with a select group of people. I would love to work with the Khans, Hrithik and everyone else. My priority is the script. Get me a good script and I will sign the movie. I think I should leave the casting up to the experts!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932890", "title": "CBI announces Rs 10 lakh reward for suspended ADG Jain", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Friday announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh on the suspended additional director general of police ( ADG) A K Jain who is absconding in the Dara Singh encounter case.The agency also announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh each on the four other absconders, sub-inspector Rajesh Chaudhary, circle inspector Zulfikar Ali, ASI Arvind Bhardwaj and contractor Vijay Chaudhary.The cash award will be given to those who will give credible information leading to arrest of any of the five men.The agency has announced the reward apparently under the pressure of the Supreme Court which recently lambasted it for its failure to nab the absconding police officers in the case. The Supreme Court gave two months' time to CBI to make the arrests.CBI spokesperson Dharani Mishra told TOI that, \"The cash reward was announced on Jain after he could not be traced\".Jain, a 1978 batch IPS officer of Rajasthan cadre has been declared a proclaimed offender. A court in Jaipur has already issued an arrest warrant against him and four others. The CBI had also attached his properties.In its chargesheet filed in June last year, CBI had alleged Dara Singh, a liquor smuggler, was taken into illegal custody by the SOG officials from Jaipur airport and was taken to a lonely place near Amber where he was kept hostage till October 23, 2006, and then killed in a staged police encounter.The CBI has kept the investigation pending against former state minister Rajendra Singh Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "11932347", "title": "Tiger reserve proposal: Tribals to move court", "text": "ADILABAD: Tribals who are opposed to the proposed tiger reserve in Kawal wildlife sanctuary in Adilabad district have decided to move court to seek protection of their Adivasi rights. Interestingly, there is no confirmation of the presence of tigers in the sanctuary although officials claim that the forest has seven big cats.Sources said that the movement of the tigers has not been recorded by cameras in the forest. An expert recently came from Khammam forest to rearrange the cameras that they may pick up the movement of tigers but in vain.According to the Panchayats Extension to Scheduled Areas (Pesa) Act of 1996, gram sabhas or panchayats should be consulted before acquiring land in scheduled areas for development projects and for resettlement and rehabilitation of persons affected by such projects in these areas.No gram sabhas have been held in the 42 tribal habitations in Jannaram, Kadem, Khanapur, Indravelli and Utnoor mandals which would have to be evacuated for the proposed tiger reserve. Adivasi Ikya Porata Samithi district president Sidam Shimbu pooh-poohed the forest officials' claim that a rehabilitation package had been announced saying that it had been done without consulting the local tribals.The Centre has proposed to rehabilitate the tribals and offered compensation of Rs 10 lakh per family besides providing cultivable land in another area. \"Why should tribals leave their ancestral lands to make way for a tiger zone,\" asked CPM leader Kanaka Yadavarao, who led a padayatra of Adivasi bodies from Jannaram to Adilabad town in January this year to protest against the tiger reserve.Adivasis fear that, once rehabilitated, they would lose their rights to the forest. Meanwhile, Jannaram divisional forest officer G Ramakrishana Rao has said that it was not possible to launch works without notifying the area. Although the central government has declared the area to be a tiger zone, the government must notify the area, the DFO said. \"We have sent proposals to the government and are awaiting its response. We will not forcibly shift the tribals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937465", "title": "UK visa applications to be made online", "text": "Applicants and their dependants who are applying for a UK visa will need to make their applications online from March 5. The UK Border Agency will no longer accept manually completed application forms from that date onwards.The URL for applying for visas online is - https://apply.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/iapply.portalApplicants will then need to print off a hard copy of their application form and make an online appointment to attend their nearest visa application centre (VAC). They should bring the application form printout to their appointment at the VAC, along with the necessary supporting documentation. Applicants will need to give their biometrics (finger scans and digital photograph) at the VAC in line with current practice.Thomas Greig, Regional Director, UK Border Agency (UKBA) said, We have been introducing the use of online applications gradually so that customers are able to get used to the process. Customers already need to make online applications for visas under the points based system. We are now extending the requirement to all categories of UK visa applications.Applicants can refer to http://www.vfs-uk-in.com/additionalservice.html for further guidance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934246", "title": "UT told to compensate Khushi's kin", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Delhi, has directed Chandigarh administration to release Rs 3 lakh compensation to the family of five-year-old Khushpreet Singh, who was abducted and murdered in January, 2011, on Friday.The commission also pulled up Chandigarh police for investigating the sensational case with a lenient attitude in initial stages. The administration was instructed to file a reply to this order before the commission on March 14, 2012.The UT administration was held responsible in Khushpreet case for the first time by a competent and independent authority.Khushpreet's family had earlier declined a compensation of Rs 1 lakh from UT administrator Shivraj Patil on January 21, 2011. The commission slapped a show cause notice against the administration in regard to the goof-ups in the investigation of Khushpreet's kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937258", "title": "Defence minister A K Antony\u2019s son turns hero", "text": "Mollywood will soon see another celeb kid on the silver screen. The only difference being, the youngster has had no connection with the film industry till date.Defence Minister AK Antony's son Ajith Antony will soon make his silver screen debut with director Aji John's 'Oberoi'. Incidentally, it is Ajith who has penned the screenplay for the same.The youngster tells us that he already has six scripts ready to be made into films. But Ajith says he's in no tearing hurry to see them all up on celluloid. \"Let's see how the first film is received,\" says Ajith, who adds that his family has been quite encouraging. \"Initially, my dad was taken aback when I told him I wanted to be a part of films. But he soon came to terms with it,\" he says.\"I saw Aji's Nallavan and loved it. I approached him and conveyed my interest in working with him,\" shares Ajith. \"I am a complete movie buff. I have been interested in movies since childhood,\" he adds.The youngster is leaving no stone unturned to ensure that the audience is impressed. \"I have been working out regularly. Though, there have been no acting classes as such. I am quite confident about facing the camera,\" he says. Oberoi revolves around the life of a business tycoon and his son.The action-oriented film to be made in Malayalam and Tamil will have Ajith playing the lead in both the versions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932210", "title": "Cong indulging in dramatics: Sushma", "text": "LUCKNOW: Leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj has alleged that Congress lacks issues for the Uttar Pradesh assembly election and was indulging in dramatics to garner votes. \"Congress has launched the most extensive campaign and the entire family is in electioneering, but the party lacks issues and therefore, it is indulging in dramatics,\" Swaraj told reporters on Friday.She alleged that Congress wanted to raise corruption issue in the UP polls, but when it talks on NRHM, the party would be countered on issues such as 2G and CWG scams. \"It seems that the party has engaged some company, which suggests that how picture of Congress campaign could be published as front page news everyday,\" she said while referring to Rahul Gandhi tearing a paper in an election meeting. \"From doing dramatics, pictures can get published in the newspapers, but it cannot get votes,\" she added.The BJP leader said that there were a number of important questions on which people need reply by the Congress leadership, but the party was keeping mum. \"The country wants reply on cancellation of 122 telecom licences, zero loss theory of ministers, blackmoney. It should have been better if they would have replied, instead they want to garner votes by indulging in dramatics,\" she said.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11934430", "title": "Congress is single largestparty in Yavatmal ZP, PS", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Congress emerged as the single largest party in both zilla parishad and panchayat samiti in the district after the counting of votes at different tehsil places completed on Friday.The 62-member zilla parishad will be a hung house with no party having a working majority. The Congress got 23 seats while its nearest rival NCP secured 21 seats respectively. BJP got 4, Shiv Sena 11, MNS 1 and independent 1 respectively. RPI and BSP could not open their account in ZP this time.In panchayat samiti election, Congress emerged as the single largest party by winning 51/124 seats in 16 PS in the district.The party-wise breakup in PS is as follows: Umarkhed (12): Congress (7), NCP (3), BJP (1) and MNS (1). Mahagaon (10): Congress (1), NCP (6), BJP (2) and independent (1). Pusad (14): Congress (2) and NCP (12). Digras (6): Congress (3), Sena (3). Arni (6): Congress (6). Darwah (10): Congress (3), NCP (3), Sena (3), independent (1). Ner (6): Congress (2), Sena (4), Yavatmal (14): Congress (6), NCP (5), Sena (2), MNS (1). Babulgaon (6): Congress (3), NCP (1), BJP (2). Kalamb (6): Congress (3), NCP(3). Ralegaon (6): Congress (4), NCP (1), BJP (1). Maregaon (4): Cong (2), Sena (2). Wani (8): Cong (1), BJP(1), Sena (4), BSP (1), MNS (1). Zerijamni (4): Cong (2), BJP (1), Sena (1). Kelapur(6): Cong (2), NCP (3), Sena (1). Ghatanji (6): Congress (4), BJP (2).The Shiv Sena has got working majority in Ner PS. However, the Congress obtained working majority in four PS of Umarkhed, Arni, Ralegaon and Ghatanji while NCP got power in Pusad and Mahagaon.BJP failed to get a working majority in any of the 16 panchayat samitis.The remaining 9 PS will have some alliance with one or the other parties. Yavatmal PS, NCP, Sena and MNS may make an alliance to get power which was under the control of Congress.In Yavatmal ZP, NCP-Shiv Sena combine is set to capture power from the Congress.One of the strong contenders for ZP president's post Suresh Lonkar of NCP was defeated in Shivni ZP Gat.Prominent candidates who won the ZP election are outgoing president Rahul Thakre and ex-vice president Balasaheb Mangrulkar, both from Congress, NCP district president Pravin Deshmukh and minister Manohar Naik's elder son Yayati Naik (NCP).In Congress district president Wamanrao Kasawar's home PS Wani, the party could bag only one seat. In MPCC president Manikrao Thakre's Darwah PS, the Congress is set to sit in the opposition as there is a possibility of NCP and Shiv Sena making an alliance. Digras, Kalamb and Maregaon panchayat samitis are set to have a hung house as the winning parties have equal number of seats and none of them is able to get a working majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11940006", "title": "\u2018The Woman In Black\u2019 surpasses Twilight!", "text": "'The Woman In Black' which released in the UK and the USA in February respectively, has received stupendous response from fans all over. The horror movie is a remake of the 1989 movie with the same name.This is Radcliffe's first break post the Harry Potter series. With this movie, he has successfully shed the image of the favourite boy wizard as he plays the character of solicitor Arthur Kipps.According to official reports, the movie ranked number 1 at the box office and earned approximately 3.1 million pounds over the weekend. 'The Woman In Black' has broken the opening records of movies like the first 'Twilight' and 'Shutter Island' in the UK Box Office. In the U.S box office, the movie earned around 10.3 Million Dollars in the first 3 days. After ten days, the movie reportedly earned around 35.5 Million Dollars in the US box Office.'The Woman In Black' has released in India on February 17, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933994", "title": "Sports complex to run on solar power", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a first of its kind, a sports complex in the city will draw one-third of its power from solar panels installed on its rooftop. The project is being jointly implemented by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and Gujarat Energy Development Agency (GEDA) for Memco sports complex in north zone of the city.The project will be of 100 kilowatt capacity and is being installed at a cost of Rs 1.4 crore. The AMC plans to implement a similar project atop the central office in Khamasa.In a city which pays the highest power tariff in the country, many government offices are seen wasting power with impunity. The solar power system will power tube lights and fans installed in the facility while high-powered halogen lights will run on conventional electricity.Though installation and capital costs of these power generators are astronomical, it is the long-term implications and savings they bag in five to 10 years that matter, say GEDA officials.For instance, a 10-kilowatt of hybrid power installation provides 35-40 units of electricity which powers 150 tube lights for eight hours or 100 watt bulbs for 40 hours. \"A public body should be the first to inculcate a good practice. When funds are available other municipal buildings will too sport these energy saving devices,\" said deputy municipal commissioner S K Langa.In fact, GEDA in the last few years have installed hybrid systems across 18 state buildings, including the collector's office in Gandhinagar. The Udyog Bhavan, for instance, draws its basic power requirements from a hybrid system of wind and solar energy sources for the last few years. The air conditioners in this building run on conventional power.Nearly, 13 blocks in the new secretariat and DDO and chief electrical inspector's offices have 10-kilowatt power plant each. If a photovoltaic plant works alone, the cost of delivered electricity works out to be Rs 15 to 20 per kilowatt hour. What GEDA is looking at now is to popularize this medium in commercial centres of any city where its benefits can be felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11939200", "title": "ISI employed architect for Osama bin Laden compound: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: An architect regularly employed by the ISI worked on the compound in which Osama bin Laden sheltered for years in Abbottabad and the slain al-Qaida chief communicated regularly with LeT from his hideout, a media report said today.Though the original property records for the compound near the elite Pakistan Military Academy have disappeared, the architect who worked on the structure was regularly employed by the ISI, Washington Post columnist David Ignatius quoted an intelligence source as saying.The architect reportedly was told that a \"highly placed VIP\" was coming to the compound, Ignatius wrote in a column posted on the daily's website.Though materials taken from the compound after bin Laden was killed by US Special Forces in May last year did not show direct links with top Pakistani officials, US analysts \"have found evidence that the al Qaeda chief communicated\" with Mullah Mohammad Omar, leader of the Afghan Taliban , and with the Lashkar-e-Taiba , Ignatious wrote.\"The ISI is thought to monitor both groups closely; how did the messages slip through the net?\" he questioned.The columnist said any probe on bin Laden's presence in Pakistan should focus on several issues, including how the al Qaida chief came to Abbottabad in 2005 and what Pakistani officials knew about his whereabouts.Current army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani was ISI chief at the time, but the \"dominant figure was President Pervez Musharraf , the former army chief\", the columnist wrote.The commander of the PMA at Abbottabad from 2006 was Lt Gen Nadeem Taj, who succeeded Kayani as head of the ISI in 2007.Ignatius referred to former ISI chief Gen Ziauddin Butt's claim that the Abbottabad compound was used by Intelligence Bureau and noted that a report in the Pakistani press in December had quoted Butt as saying that bin Laden's stay at Abbottabad was arranged by Brig Ijaz Shah , head of the Intelligence Bureau during 2004-08, on Musharraf's orders.He further referred to the rumour that bin Laden was suffering from kidney failure and required dialysis and said this canard was \"repeated for years, notably by Musharraf\".CIA analysts were dubious and no dialysis machines were found at Abbottabad.\"So was this a deliberate piece of misinformation? And what about bin Laden's claim in November 2001 to Pakistani journalist Hamid Mir that he had nuclear and chemical weapons? Was that a Pakistan-facilitated attempt to promote what bin Laden called his 'deterrent' against a US reprisal attack?\" he wrote.Pakistan's civilian and military leaders have denied reports that they were aware of bin Laden's presence in the country.A judicial commission is currently investigating the matter.Experts and US officials have contended that it would not have been possible for bin Laden to live for so long in a garrison town without some support from elements in Pakistan's security establishment.Ignatius wrote that US officials had said \"they don't have any evidence that Kayani or other top Pakistani officials knew of bin Laden's presence before the May 2 raid that killed the al Qaida leader.This assessment is based on the review of materials taken from bin Laden's compound, plus the reactions of Kayani and other officials the night of the raid\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11936438", "title": "All options on table if Iran goes nuclear: Panetta", "text": "WASHINGTON: In escalating war of words, US defence secretary Leon Panetta has warned Iran that \"all options\" are on the table if Tehran blocks the Straits of Hormuz or if it goes nuclear.\"We've made very clear that Iran will not develop a nuclear weapon. We will not tolerate an Iran that has a nuclear weapon,\" Panetta said.\"We've made clear that we will not tolerate an Iran that tries to block the Straits of Hormuz. A fifth of the oil of the world goes through those straits. They're international waters. We're not going to allow them to block that,\" he warned, terming these as red lines.\"If they cross one of those lines, then we have all options on the table - we, the United States , have all options on the table. But, as the Prime Minister of Israel himself said, that ought to be the last option, not the first,\" the defence secretary said.The United States, he said, doesn't want an Iran that basically spreads violence around the world, which supports terrorism, that conducts acts of violence.\"They planned an attack here against ambassadors of other countries here in the United States,\" he said.\"So we're not going to tolerate that, and we've made that clear. And as a result, the international community has come together. We have implemented strong diplomatic sanctions, we have implemented very strong economic sanctions, and we're continuing to do that - sanctions that are in many ways crippling Iran, crippling their economy, isolating them from the rest of the world, and having an impact on Iran,\" he said.Panetta said that the basic message to Iran is that it has to change its behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933737", "title": "Toilets for women, garbage management, traffic regulation on top of list of women winners", "text": "PUNE: Better roads, cleaner environment and women's empowerment are high on the agendas of these women who will soon take charge of their respective wards as first time corporators.MNS candidate 28-year-old Archana Kamble (ward no 6) wants to address the problem of water supply in her area. \"Shortage of water and lack of garbage management are the major issues in Bopodi. Starting Monday, I will be meeting the officials concerned to take a call on these issues. I am also going to build public toilets for women, as this facility is not available in my ward,\" said Kamble, who left her job as an accountant to pursue a career in politics.Another problem that troubles Bopadi is the flooding of the slums near the riverbank. \"The slum-dwellers need to be protected as their homes are flooded during the monsoon,\" Kamble said.Woman empowerment is a top priority for Sunanda Gadale of NCP (ward no 49). \"I want to boost support for women's self-help groups and create an outlet for the sale and marketing of their products. Special toilets for women will also be set up,\" said Gadale.With important trade and commerce hubs like Sonya Maruti Chowk in her ward, Gadale also wants to spruce up the area, especially in terms of parking space and traffic regulation. \"Problems posed by the perpetual traffic and the existing drainage system will be addressed to help flourish the wholesale markets in the area,\" Gadale said.Sangeeta Kudale of NCP (ward no 55) will be in charge of localities from Wadgaon Budruk to Manikbaug. \"Improvement of roads, fixing streetlights, improving waste management and gardens in my ward will be my priorities. Within the next two years, a cancer speciality hospital will come up in this ward. Construction has already begun,\" she said.Surekha Makwan from MNS (ward no 32(A)) said security is an issue that deserves priority in Karvenagar. \"The crime rate in my ward needs to be brought down. I am also working on plans to provide health facilities, especially to the poor, and also implement schemes for senior citizens,\" Makwan said.MNS candidate Pushpa Kanojiya (ward no 29) will work on increasing the frequency of buses and the number of bus stops in her ward. \"Controlling pollution and traffic management are the other issues that I will be working on priority basis, not to forget toilets for women, which need to be set up soon,\" said Kanojiya.Neelam Kulkarni of MNS (ward no 12) wants to start by clearing the backlog of promises yet to be fulfilled in her ward. \"All the current issues pertaining to roads and water will be handled first,\" she said.eom/Laxmi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932245", "title": "Will Rahul Gandhi's charisma fetch women's votes?", "text": "LUCKNOW: There's no denying that the rallies and roadshows of Congress leader Rahul Gandhi are drawing large groups of girls eager to shake hands or catch a glimpse of Amethi MP. But, will Rahul's charisma influence these girls to vote for the Congress? That's the big question.During Rahul's road show in the city on Thursday, girls and burqa-clad women lined up along the road and jostled with the crowd to shake hands with the Gandhi scion as latter's cavalcade traversed through the lanes of the Old City. Those who could not join the crowd, peeped from the balconies of their home.\"Rahul's bus went past my house and I left no chance to shake hands with him. The moment is an unforgettable one,'' said first-time voter Ankita Singh. She, however, regretted having missed out clicking his picture. Nishat Anjum, a student, was not lucky as Ankita. \"I waited for this moment but could not shake hands with him. But I managed to catch a glimpse of him,'' she said. As Rahul waved back, there was `hullabaloo' all around.More than seeing and shaking hands, the larger question is it only Rahul's outward appearance that is drawing young voters to him? And how has the other youth leader, Akhilesh Yadav, created his mark among youngsters, especially girls?Political analyst Sudhir Panwar says, \"Rahul Gandhi and Akhilesh both have an appeal in youth, especially among fairer sex. But there is a difference in which Rahul has cultured his pan-India image due to his family legacy and political aspiration of being a prime minister. Before UP elections, Rahul went for an image makeover -- now he is an angry young man ready to fight injustices of the system encountered by a commoner.'' The innocent face and informal communication has helped him connecting directly with the fair sex, adds Panwar.He recalled that last month when Rahul visited Shibli National Post Graduate College, the boys boycotted his meeting. It was then Rahul found an audience in 50-odd girls who were excited to exchange words with him. \"This is how the Congress heir apparently has made his way out,'' says Panwar.On the contrary, young male voters do not seem to be so fascinated with Rahul. ``He is a national youth leader but I don't find him a firm believer in what he says. He is indeed favorite among girls,'' said Shobit Chawla, a postgraduate student.Commenting on Akhilesh Yadav, a first-time voter Pankaj Chaurasia said: ``If the party comes to power, the credit will go to Akhilesh. SP has been known for encouraging hooliganism in universities and colleges. But we do expect a change from Akhilesh.''Another youth said: ``The charisma or ability to connect is a pre-requisite for getting vote but this charm will surely bag votes is not necessary.''UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932922", "title": "Collect feedback of flagship schemes: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to focus on its rural vote bank, the Congress government in the state has initiated efforts to ensure proper implementation of its flagship programme in the rural areas. During a meeting of the council of ministers at his residence on Friday, chief minister Ashok Gehlot directed his team to personally gather a feedback on the flagship programme after a three-day tour to the districts.During the meeting, Gehlot cleared a proposal of including B Ed and M Ed programme under the department of higher education instead of the Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education.The government also decided to provide additional hour of power supply in rural areas, in view of the forthcoming annual examinations of schools and colleges. \"The rural areas would be provided with power for seven hours instead of six,'' said power minister Jitendra Singh after the meeting.Sharing details of the meeting, Singh said the entire council of ministers, including the chief minister would tour the districts for three days beginning February 21, and gather an 'on-the-spot' feedback on schemes like Rajasthan Guaranteed Delivery of Public Services, Janani Suraksha Yojna and Chief Minister's Free Distribution of Medicines.\"Ministers would also gather a feedback on the schemes like distribution of wheat at Rs 2 per kg for BPL families, the MGNREGA, the CM Rural BPL Housing Scheme and others,'' he said. Singh said the pending inauguration of Rajiv Gandhi centres constructed under the MGNERGA and 132 KV power sub-stations would also be done during these three days.This is the first time that the council has been directed to personally gather a feedback on these schemes. Gehlot specifically directed the ministers to inspect whether the common man in the rural areas was able to reap the benefit of the schemes which have been launched for them. The chief minister has also directed the respective district collectors to hold public meetings for a month and to gather a similar feedback.\"These schemes have been specially launched for the benefit of the people and hence, it is the chief minister's objective to ensure that these are implemented appropriately, correctly executed and that a proper awareness about them is created,'' industry and revenue minister Rajendra Pareek said.When asked if the issue of ministers of state not been given responsibility was discussed in the meeting, Pareek said, \"There is no such issue nor was it discussed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933451", "title": "Antony: Guilty will be punished for killing two Indian fishermen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that the killing of two fishermen by armed guards on board Italian tanker Enrica Lexie off the coast of Kerala on Wednesday was ``against the law and all international norms'', India on Friday said it would ensure the guilty are brought to book.``We are taking the incident quite seriously. What happened was against the law, against all international norms. So, the guilty will have to be punished,'' said defence minister A K Antony, a day after India lodged a protest with Italy over the incident.All Indian laws are enforceable in its territorial waters, which extend to 12 nautical miles from the shoreline. Beyond that in international waters, even in India's Exclusive Economic Zone that stretches to 200 nautical miles from the coast, the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) comes into play.Antony said, ``We want to send a strong signal (by punishing the guilty)...All nations should follow the laws and norms.'' As reported by TOI, Indian officials have held that the fishermen could not have been mistaken for pirates since they were neither armed, nor were ``any piracy triggers'' present on their boat.Navy and Coast Guard officials say the Italian security personnel on board Enrica Lexie, which is now anchored off Kochi, flouted the internationally laid-down protocol and ``best management practices'' to deal with an impending piracy attack if indeed they thought their ship was being hijacked.Enrica Lexie did not make any distress call, nor did it first undertake ``passive measures'' like evasive manoeuvring or water cannons. Instead, the Italian personnel resorted directly to firing. ``At this stage, investigations are in progress at Kochi, with the police and Coast Guard questioning all the people involved. I do not want to say anything more...the law will take its own course,'' said Antony.Italian ambassador Giacomo Sanfelice di Monteforte, who was summoned by the ministry of external affairs on Thursday, however, has held that Enrica Lexie followed the international protocol, with the Italian security personnel opening fire only after being attacked by the Indian fishing vessel in international waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "11934244", "title": "Nasal sprays to kill pills, jabs?", "text": "MELBOURNE: Scientists claim that they are working on a new project to design more effective nasal sprays to provide alternate drug delivery to needles or pills.An international team, led by RMIT University, says it has already developed computer models which can explore deep into the human respiratory airway and also focus on particle inhalation, allowing scientists to understand how particles move through the nasal cavity and where they deposit.Moreover, the models allow for powerful visualization and reproduction of these particle flows and deposits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11933993", "title": "'Focus on goal helps avoid stress'", "text": "NAGPUR: Exams and stress go hand-in-hand and that is a fact. You cannot escape stress, especially during the board exams. But you can certainly control how much it affects you. I am aware that every person is different and the solution I offer may not be of the one-size-fits all kind, but its general guidelines should help.My personal experience tells me that focusing on your goal will automatically do away with the stress factor. Block out every expectation you or others have, don't worry if your friends have done more revision than you. Tune yourself only to the next paper in the timetable and start studying. Once you start focusing on the book you will realize that all other external factors are falling by the wayside, and that includes stress.Take a break at the point when you realize that whatever you are reading is not being comprehended by your brain. Refresh yourself and start all over again as there is no point in overburdening your mind.I remember that we had leave for about 15 or 20 days before the std X exams started.I did start feeling stress and my close friends pointed that out to me. Next I had a timetable planned for the days before the exam but I just could not keep up with it. I then shut myself completely off from the outside world and focused on my studies, and it helped me immensely to lower the stress factor.I slept normally, ate regular food and studied all the subjects with equal importance. Also, whenever you are stressed out please talk to your teachers and they will give you the best advice. Since they are dealing with students on a daily basis they will help you chart out a strategy for the last few days that are remaining. Finally, just relax and remember that no 'stress' is big enough to get stressed-out!Tips to prepare for exams* Ensure eight hours of uninterrupted night sleep* Eat a normal diet without indulging in over-eating as that may make you drowsy* Drink lots of fluids, especially fresh juice* Take frequent short breaks to refresh your mind while studyingBy...........Nandita Rajan (scored 99.4% in her CBSE Std X exam 2011)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932913", "title": "Dead end for many BEd &amp; MEd colleges after Cabinet decision", "text": "JAIPUR: The cabinet decision on Friday to keep B Ed and M Ed education under the department of higher education has come as blow for colleges struggling to maintain its recognition in the existing system. However, some colleges hailed the decision and said it would an end corrupt practices in the system.The decision means that henceforth all B Ed and M Ed colleges will get recognition only under the UGC guidelines rather than those of the National Council of Teacher Education (NCTE). The UGC guidelines are strict and have zero tolerance against defaulter institutes.\"Earlier, inspections were made by a district-level officer with less experience. In the new system, it will be done by senior education officer,\" said Teej Singh Rathore, director of B Ed College.With the new system in place, it is most likely that total land area, size of classrooms, facilities and endowment funds will see a change. B L Pariekh, secretary of Vishwabharti College, said, \"No doubt, the decision will strengthen the quality of education but they have to give us some time to come to terms with the new guidelines.\"The decision will also put an end to the weird penalty system wherein a defaulter college deposits penalty and run the institute with deficiency for a year.Many others said some provisions of the UGC guidelines are beyond their reach. The endowment fund of Rs 8 lakh per unit (per 100 students) under previous rule is likely to increase. Several colleges are facing penalties for not complying with the rules and regulations. For them, the new rules would mean a dead end.\"By putting the strict conditions in place, those institutes running rural areas will suffer as they may not be able to follow the guidelines,\" Pariekh said. The state has around 900 B Ed and 125 M Ed colleges with over 90,000 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11934218", "title": "Fairer sex outnumbers male counterparts in polling", "text": "VARANASI: The awareness level for the polling among the rural women of the district is greater than not only their urban counterparts but also the male voters.The poll statistics suggested that the rural women took the lead in exercising their franchise for the UP assembly election 2012 in Varanasi district.Four out of eight assembly constituencies witnessed higher percentage of female voters while the percentage of male voters dominated mostly in urban constituencies.The male voters dominated in the district with 57.92% polling while the percentage of female voters was 56.64.According to the records, Sevapuri assembly constituency, which is purely a rural area, was on top of the list recording 65.66% female voters, followed by Ajgara-SC (63.10%), Shivpur (63.09%) and Pindra (62.20%). The percentage of male voters in these constituencies was 59.22, 57.44, 62.57 and 51.43 respectively. The lowest percentage of female voters was recorded in urban constituencies of Varanasi South, Varanasi Cantonment and Varanasi North.The poll records also suggest that the rural and semi-urban areas are more sensitive to polling than the urban areas. The semi-urban Shivpur constituency recorded the highest poll per cent (62.80) followed by rural Sevapuri (62.09%), Rohaniya (60.24%) and Ajgara-SC (59.98%). The Varanasi Cantonment, which is a pure urban area, recorded lowest polling (51.65%). The overall poll per cent of the district was 57.35 in the assembly election held on February 15.This time a significant improvement in polling per cent was recorded in comparison to the polling per cent in 2007 assembly election. The Varanasi North constituency had recorded 31.87% polling in 2007 while this time the figure increased to 52.16%. Similarly the poll per cent of Varanasi South increased from 31.18 in 2007 to 55.37 and Varanasi Cantonment from 31.58 to 51.64 in 2012 assembly election.What will be the winners' share in polled votes could be known only after the declaration of results, but sitting MLAs including Abdul Samad Ansari of Samajwadi Party at Varanasi North seat had got 29.85% polled votes, Bharatiya Janata Party's Shyamdeo Roy Chaudhury at Varanasi South seat got 46.24% votes and Jyotsana Srivastava of BJP at Varanasi Cantonment seat got 26.04% votes in 2007 election.The other five constituencies - Pindra, Ajgara (SC), Shivpur, Sevapuri and Rohaniya, which came into existence after the delimitation, went to the poll for the first time.Performance of Varanasi district in UP Assembly Election 2012Constituency % of male voters % of female voters Total %age1. Pindra 51.43 62.20 56.282. Ajgara (SC) 57.44 63.10 59.983. Shivpur 62.57 63.09 62.804. Sevapuri 59.22 65.66 62.095. Rohaniya 61.18 59.01 60.256. Varanasi North 55.88 47.54 52.167. Varanasi South 61.96 47.14 55.378. Varanasi Cantt. 55.11 47.29 51.64Total 57.92 56.64 57.35Election CommissionConstituency 2007 2012Varanasi North 31.87% 52.16%Varanasi South 31.18% 55.37%Varanasi Cantt. 31.58% 51.64%Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11931968", "title": "Budget banks on central dole", "text": "HYDERABAD: Banking on promised central funds for the 11 flagship welfare schemes being promoted by the UPA government, the Kiran Kumar Reddy government has infused Rs 20,000 crore of the Centre's share into the state budget in order to project a massive budget of Rs 1,45,854 crore for 2012-13. For the current budget, the state had earmarked about Rs 11,000 crore as the Centre's share for the various schemes.Incidentally, most states present their budget after the Union budget presentation. However, Andhra Pradesh has gone ahead with its budget and will now have to wait for the promised allocation for these funds by the Centre to figure in the Union budget. \"If it does not happen that way, there will be a problem,\" a senior government official admitted.According to sources, the Planning Commission has indicated to the state government that there would be a massive hike in the budgetary allocations for the 11 flagship programmes of UPA like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme (MGNREGA), National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), Rajiv Vidya Mission, Indira Awaas Yojana, Integrated Child Development Scheme, Mid-day Meal Scheme, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and Madhyamik Vidya Mission.The funds for these schemes have been hiked by more than 20% in the 12th Five Year Plan and the same was being reflected in the state budget for 2012-13, said the sources. With the Centre's share accounting for 95% of the funding for these schemes, the state has earmarked the remaining 5% as its share in the budget proposals.\"We have tried to rectify the gaps in the allotments to spur the economy. While dealing with the allotments for the welfare schemes as top priority, this budget made progress in the allotments for fisheries, animal husbandry and milk mission, something which has not been addressed well in the past,\" Venakata Ramani Bhaskar, principal secretary of finance, told TOI.The burden on the public further increased in the annual state budget for 2012-13. Every citizen in the state is now carrying a debt of Rs 18,846 on his head. The economic buoyancy in the state also proved beneficial for the Kiran Kumar Reddy government as it has received a boost in the form of higher loan eligibility due to higher Gross State Domestic Product. The state now can borrow an additional Rs 20,500 crore. As a result, the overall state debt is likely to go up to Rs 1,60,191 crore during 2012-13 against Rs 1,39,668 crore this fiscal.The massive migration that is taking place in the state has been addressed in the budget with a huge allotment for urban development that includes providing infrastructure in towns and municipalities. This year alone, 42 major panchayats are scheduled to be upgraded into municipalities while several municipalities are slated to become municipal corporations. The confusion about salaries of staff in the universities has been cleared by shifting the allocation into the non-Plan head. \"Now, the university staff can get their salaries without any delay and their files need not come to the secretariat,\" said finance sources.Not surprisingly, the budget has given greater emphasis to rural employment generation. Rural projects like dairy, sericulture, animal husbandry, fisheries, BC welfare have been given higher budgetary allocations indicating the change in the direction of the government. During the Chandrababu Naidu regime, the budgets were more urban oriented whereas during the YSR regime, the budgets focused more on dole outs like free power, scholarships, medical facilities, etc", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932039", "title": "Centre blind to starvation, malnutrition: Binayak Sen", "text": "HYDERABAD: Human rights activist Binayak Sen, in his first ever lecture in the city on Friday, lashed out at government apathy towards growing inequity in distribution of resources in the country. Sen said that a large chunk of the population was starving and suffering from undernourishment but the Centre had failed to recognize this. The food security bill which is set to be introduced in Parliament will only widen the gap between the privileged and marginalized sections of the society, Sen predicted.Sen was speaking at the first Bimal Roy Memorial Lecture organized by the late film maestro's family in collaboration with University of Hyderabad. Sen, who is a paediatrician specialising in public health, said that while the country was focusing largely on malnutrition among children, adult malnutrition went unnoticed. In an allegory that touched the work of Bimal Roy, Sen said that the many among the country's population were 'Sujata's' children who lost their 'Do Bigha Zameen'. Two Bimal Roy's iconic films, Sujata and Do Bigha Zameen which brought Italian neo-realism to Indian cinema look critically at caste system and feudalism in the country.Binayak Sen elaborated in his lecture titled, Sujata's Children: Inequity in a Changing World, that it was inequity and impunity which were killing people in the country. \"Inequity is made to happen by the powers that be and impunity emboldens the perpetrators of injustice to take their plans to completion,\" said Sen.In a sarcastic hint at the what can be Indian state's outlook of the Maoist movement in the country, he said that \"peace cannot be attained by two parties which are at logger heads putting down arms, as Chidambaram (Union home minister) would have us believe. It is the pent up anger against inequity and impunity which seek \"resolution in violence\" and this has to be understood, he said.In 2007, Sen was charged with sedition and imprisoned under Chhattisgarh Special Public Security Act, 2005 and Unlawful Assembly Prevention Act, 1967. He was accused of being a Maoist ally and kept in prison, till Supreme Court granted him bail in April 2011. He is a member of People's Union of Liberties.Sen explained that the extent of inequity in the country was appalling. Fifty per cent of tribals and 60 per cent of dalits have body mass indices (BMIs) less than the critical value of 18.5, which means that they are practically starving.Bimal Roy's son Joy Roy and Aparajita Sinha spoke at the meeting, and commemorated their father. \"His films have touched several lives and have made us better human beings,\" Sinha said. The Bimal Roy memorial lecture will now be an annual event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932436", "title": "CDRI underlines its 2011 progress on 61st annual day", "text": "LUCKNOW: The work of Central Drug Research Institute (CDRI) on malaria moved further in the year 2011, said the annual report of the institute which was presented on Friday. The occasion was the 61st annual day of CDRI, held at its new campus. The institute might soon shift to this new location. Padmanabhan Balaram, director, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, was the chief guest on the day. Meanwhile, Tushar Kanti Chakraborty, director, CDRI, shared information on the progress of various research and development (R&D;) activities of the last year at the institute.\"Sustained progress has been made in the development of 'candidate drugs and new lead molecules',\" he said. There has been a development of drugs and new leads in the area of malaria, osteoporosis , thrombosis, diabetes and others. \"Nevertheless, there is a need to intensify the pace of progress in further development of candidate drugs to see some of them in market by the end of 12th plan period,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11926052", "title": "I was involved with Shoaib: Meera", "text": "Pak actress Meera's getting quite fond of shooting off her mouth. After accusing Mahesh Bhatt of slapping her, she has now revealed that she was in a relationship with cricketer Shoaib Akhtar.Meera, who's now getting married to US resident Naved Pervez, said in a recent interview to a Pak newspaper, \"Two years ago the media spread rumours about my affair with Shoaib Akhtar , and I admit I was involved with him. However, Shoaib does not take his relationships seriously. He proposed to my cousin and me on the same day. He even hit me in front of TV staff. He is a man who wasted a year of my life and hurt me tremendously.\"Meera tells us, \"Shoaib and I have been friends for quite some time. There was never a formal proposal and no talk of marriage. I no longer live in my past. As far as Shoaib is concerned, he has all my prayers.\" Reacting to the story, Shoaib gave a statement, \"This is totally baseless. Why should I have proposed to her? Just don't give any importance to this. Many women dream of marrying me.\" Meera's engagement ceremony is planned for tomorrow in Lahore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934048", "title": "BJP targets 8 to complete majority", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-Sena combine needs only five corporators to form the government in NMC. However, one- Madhukar Gudadhe - is already in their kitty as he was supported by BJP and Shiv Sena. Other than him, BJP has identified eight corporators whose support it would seek. The BJP and Sena leaders might informally announce the government formation in a day or two.According to BJP sources, the eight corporators include Ravindra Dolas, Aslam Khan, Ishrat Nahid, Raju Lokhande, Bhavna Dhakne, Rahul Telang, Munna Pokulwar and Harish Dikondwar. The party leaders had held talks with some of these even before elections. They were part of tentative government of BJP-Sena. BJP won 62 seats, Sena six and they have Madhukar Gudadhe that takes their tally to 69. In a house of 145, minimum 73 are needed for a simple majority.City BJP president Anil Sole refused to disclose plans for government formation and said the BJP-Sena-RPI coalition would form the government with like minded parties. However, party sources said with the party in a winning position, first priority would be given to those who were a part of Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) - the combine that ruled NMC from 2007 to 2012.Ravindra Dolas, an independent corporator from Shanti Nagar ward, was a Shiv Sena activist. He was part of NVA and hence can be considered in. Dolas had unsuccessfully sought ticket from Sena in 2007 and 2012. He won without party's support both times. Aslam Khan of IUML is one of the corporators from Mahendra Nagar. He too was a part of NVA. The other seat from his ward has been bagged by his party colleague Ishrat Nahid. BJP has decided to rope in Nahid as well.Raju Lokhande of BRP-BMS had supported NVA from outside. BJP is likely to ask for his support too. The other corporator from his prabhag Bhavna Dhake is his party colleague and she too is likely to be in the government. Rahul Telang of BREM is one of the corporators from Vaishali Nagar ward. He had supported the NVA from outside.Munna Pokulwar, independent from Maharajbagh ward, is one of the probables. He had won on BJP ticket in 2002 but was disqualified when his caste certificate was deemed invalid. Harish Dikondwar, an independent corporator from Hasanbagh, is also likely to be roped in. His brother is a Bajrang Dal leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "11932619", "title": "MLA thrashed after accident death", "text": "DURGAPUR: The Trinamool Congress MLA from Raniganj, Sohrab Ali, was beaten up by a mob after his personal SUV hit and killed a person near Muchipara in Durgapur on Friday. The car was ransacked and the driver handed over to the police.The victim was identified as Gangadhar Karmakar, 45, a music teacher. The incident occurred on National Highway-2 in the morning. Karmakar was driving his moped along the wrong side of the road when the SUV, running at a high speed, hit his vehicle head on. The SUV dragged the moped for around half a kilometer until the traffic police stopped the vehicle near Muchipara Bridge.Local people then beat up the MLA and the driver. Two Trinamool MLAs -Apurba Mukherjee and Nikhil Banerjee - rushed to the spot and pacified the mob. Police from Bidhannagar outpost also reached the spot. The driver was arrested and the vehicle sezied. Soharb Ali, who was going to Kolkata to attend a standing comittee meeting, returned home. tnnTalking to the Toi, Sohrab Ali said that the incident is very sad. \" He was travelling in M80 and coming from wrong side, in a highway always SUVs run fast and unfortunately he crashed with my vehicle. I am ready to give compensation to his kin,\"he added.However, the victim is unmarried and grown up in some one elses house. The dead body was sent to Durgapur SD Hospital later in the day for post mortem. The incident occured at around 9 AM. The incident of a MLA vehicle killing a person at NH2 has created a stir in Durgapur. Local people demand for highway police patrolling and speed check in busy and congested areas on both sides of the golden quadrilateral highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933681", "title": "Lack of experience a bane for activist candidates", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Nagarik Sanghatana (PNS), a citizen's forum, which was also in the fray , said lack of experience, as well as lack of money and muscle power, were the main reasons for their poor show. On the brighter side, however, the forum hasn't lost hopes, and is resolved to continue raising issues confronting citizens.Vivek Velankar, founder, PNS, said, \"Our performance in the elections was below par. We were first-timers and a group of novices. Our candidates were inexperienced and we fell short of preparations.\"The forum had fielded 15 candidates, mostly professionals, for the civic polls and all of them were reported to have lost their deposits.Velankar said, \"Most of our candidates contested from fringe areas, such as Baner, Vimannagar, Kondhwa, Lohegaon and Hadapsar, where money and muscle power played an important role. We were not equipped with either; naturally, it showed in our candidates' performances.\"Fuelled by social crusader Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement that evoked a huge public response across the country, the PNS argued that they had a better chance to cleanse the system by contesting the municipal elections.\"Our fight, however, does not stop with this failure. We will plan a strategy now, and we are meeting in the next couple of days. We will work to serve citizens and hopefully, will have a better chance in the next elections,\" Velankar added.Jugal Rathi, a civic activist, said, \"I do not call it a complete failure. It was an experiment. Most importantly, it was the first attempt of the forum as well as of the candidates. There were few expectations, but it did not reflect in the results. Just because our candidates did not get elected does no mean the forum has failed.\"Rathi added: \"It was our effort to bring clean, non-corrupt and educated candidates to contest the elections and serve citizens.\"Siddhartha Roy, an PNS candidate who contested from Baner-Balewadi ward, said, \"Forming a forum and contesting the election was part of a movement that started in the city last August. Elections will come and go, but we will carry on with our movement.\"Roy, who managed to gather around 700 votes, said, \"We gave a demonstrative alternative to the people in the polls. Also, we learnt an important lesson that the educated class remained in denial of the electoral process. We should see to it that this section of society participates in the election to bring about a change.\"Another candidate, Hitesh Borase, who contested from the Kondhwa Budruk ward, said, \"It was a good experience for each of the 15 candidates. We went to almost every voter in the ward and got to know the ground reality. It was our first effort and we will not stop here. We will continue to participate and listen to citizens' woes and get them solved.\"Fate of PCMC activists no differentAll the 13 candidates put up by the Pimpri Chinchwad Nagari Sanghatna, an umbrella organisation of 17 civil society groups and three political parties, were defeated in the municipal election in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Manav Kamble, president, Pimpri Chinchwad Nagari Sanghatna, said, \"A huge amount of money was spent in the municipal elections. Money and muscle power had its effect during the election. Voters did not consider the social work done by activists while voting. The defeat of social worker and corporator Maruti Bhapkar is unfortunate and demoralising for social workers in the city.\"Independent corporator Bhapkar, who lost the election, said, \"Money and muscle power played a major role in the election. However, I will continue to work for the benefit of the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11932438", "title": "Illegal land use survey: Residents accuse Noida officials of partiality", "text": "NOIDA: Residents who have fallen in line with the Supreme Court order, of reverting to the original land use of their properties, are feeling cheated by the Noida Authority. With the sealing date of March 5 approaching, residents allege that Authority officials, under the garb of curbing all unauthorized commercial activity being conducted from non-conforming areas, are being impartial in their surveys.Alleging gross misrepresentation of facts in the surveys for allottees violating land-use defined in their lease deeds, residents are demanding that the chief executive officer of Noida step in. \"If the CEO carries out an enquiry and a fresh survey is done, a different picture will emerge,\" said a resident claiming to have become a victim of the Authority's alleged wrongdoing.The Authority has till now drawn up a list of more than 370 allottees from different sectors from whose premises unauthorized commercial activity is being carried out. Residents allege that the Authority officials are being selective in their listing of properties involved in illegal activities from non-conforming areas, which will face sealing. \"I have a list of allottees in my sector who are violating land-use norms. Even though no commercial activity is being conducted from my premises, my address figures in the list not once, but twice,\" said a resident of sector 28. \"Moreover, the names listed against my house numbers are also someone else's,\" he complained.Another resident of the city, on conditions of anonymity, had a similar woe to narrate. \"In my sector, many residents continue with commercial activity despite Authority officials having come a few days back to conduct the survey. Though the boards were removed, the unauthorized activity has not stopped,\" he said.However, Authority officials have rebuffed the allegation by saying that \"in all likelihood it could be a clerical error and nothing more\". Capt SK Dwivedi, Noida CEO, said, \"I will get my officers to look into it. If a mistake has been made, it will be rectified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11931913", "title": "Setback for CM, Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: The MNS too struck a chord among Maharashtrians, picking up 28 seats against its tally of 7 in 2007. It made a clean sweep of the seats in the Worli-Mahim area, bearding the lion, in this case the tiger, in his own den.The outcome of the polls is being viewed as a major setback for both Chavan and NCP president Sharad Pawar, since both had vowed to dislodge the saffron combine. Much before the election campaign started in earnest, the duo alleged that the war between cousins Raj and Uddhav was taking its toll on Mumbai, and warned that if the saffron combine was voted back, plans to convert Mumbai into a world class city would be put in cold storage.Although Sena-BJP fell short of a decisive majority, voters showed little enthusiasm to unseat the incumbent and hand over the reins of the city to Congress-NCP.Ever since the civic polls were announced, the CM had made it his mission to dislodge the saffron combine. His contention was that there was rampant corruption in the BMC and funds meant for welfare schemes were being diverted for political purposes. He believed that if the Congress and the NCP, its ally at the state and Centre, contested the polls together, it would not be difficult to wrest control.Chavan held deliberations with NCP president Sharad Pawar and an alliance between Congress and NCP was declared.A day after the front was announced, Uddhav Thackeray, in consultation with senior BJP leaders and Dalit activist Ramdas Athavale, drafted a new strategy to tackle the Congress-NCP challenge. As part of this strategy, Uddhav ensured that names of official nominees were not declared publicly and instead, they were personally told to fill up the nomination forms. Secondly, he personally drafted a comprehensive multipronged advertisement strategy to lure voters. On the one hand, while he publicized the developmental work undertaken by the saffron combine, 'Karun Dakhavala' (we have done it), on the other he launched a broadside against Mumbai Congress Committee chief Kripashankar Singh, saying that in the event the Congress succeeded in gaining control over the BMC, it would mean that a Maharashtrian institution would be ruled by people from Uttar Pradesh. Simultaneously, a sustained campaign against rampant corruption in the Congress kept that party on the backfoot.On Friday, while the Congress-NCP challengers were muted in defeat, the city resounded to the victorious call of the tiger and the cub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934095", "title": "Who will be next IIM-A chairman?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the term of incumbent chairman of board of governors of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, Vijaypath Singhania, draws to an end next month, the institute's board has started the hunt for his successor. The Raymond group chief's five-year stint as IIM-A chairman ends on March 20. The IIM-A board of governors has short-listed Dr R A Mashelkar, Deepak Parekh and A M Naik. All three are experts in their respective fields and are Padma Bhushan awardees.The revised memorandum of associations (MoA) authorized the IIMs to select a panel of three candidates each for the post of chairman - one of them to be selected by Ministry of Human Resources Development.Members of the board headed by Arvind group chairman Sanjay Lalbhai had unanimously decided to recommend the name of Tata group patriarch Ratan Tata , say sources close to the development. However, Tata islearnt to have shown inability to take up the position on the grounds that he would be extremely busy ushering in his anointed successor Cyrus Mistry over the next one year or more.The board also considered other names like industrialists Anil Ambani , Sunil Bharti Mittal and Kumar Mangalam Birla . However, it was decided to select a professional who could take IIM-A to the next level.Dr Mashelkar is a national research professor who was a director-general of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), a Bhatnagar Fellow and the president of Global Research Alliance. He was also the president of Indian National Science Academy .Deepak Parekh, a chartered accountant by profession, is the chairman of HDFC and served as advisor in many important committees of Government of India.Anil Manibhai Naik is the chairman and managing director of Larsen &amp; Toubro Limited, an Indian engineering conglomerate. He hails from Endhal, a village in south Gujarat , and belongs to a family of teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932044", "title": "MSY, Akhilesh urge voters to elect SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the last day of campaigning, the state president of the Samajwadi Party (SP) Akhilesh Yadav addressed five election meetings in the city on Friday in support of the party candidates. He addressed meetings at various places in the city in support Suresh Chauhan (Cantonment seat), Ravidas Mehrotra (Lucknow central), Juhie Singh (Lucknow east), Abhishek Mishra (Lucknow North) and Rehan Naim (Lucknow west).Lashing out at the misrule of the BSP government, he said that its policies and corruption has devastated the people of the state who now want to get rid of the anti-people government. He appealed to the people to bring the SP government to power with huge margin of votes. He also blamed the Congress government at the Centre for rampant corruption and price rise in the country.Announcing several political sops for the Muslims, Akhilesh Yadav said that his party if voted to power would get implemented the recommendations of the Sachar Committee and would also provide appropriate reservation for the Muslims.Meanwhile, addressing a series of election meetings in Patiali, Chhibramau, Kannauj and Kanpur city, the SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav exhorted the youths to exercise their right of franchise to elect a people friendly government. He told the youths that it was socialist leader Ram Manohar Lohia who had for the first time raised the demand of fixing 18 years of age to give voting rights to the youth .He said that the SP government would give Rs one thousand as unemployment allowance to the youths, write off loans of farmers upto Rs 50,000 and provide free treatment to the poor suffering from kidney, liver and heart diseases.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11942059", "title": "Italian foreign minister calls Krishna on fishermen killing issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Italian foreign minister Giulio Terzi on Saturday called his Indian counterpart S M Krishna who told him that the captain of the Italian oil tanker, whose guards killed two Indian fishermen off Kollam coast in Kerala, must cooperate with Indian law enforcers.During the telephonic talk, Krishna told Terzi that the people onboard the ship 'Enrica Lexie', particularly the captain of the ship and the two personnel involved in the shooting, should fully cooperate with Indian investigating authorities.Krishna said the law should be allowed to take its course in connection with the incident. His remarks came in the backdrop of reports that the Italian ship authorities refused to hand over the personnel involved in the shooting to Indian law enforcers.Krishna, according to a statement by the External Affairs Ministry, said the loss of lives could have been avoided had the naval personnel on board \"Enrica Lexie\" been careful and exercised restraint. He told his Italian counterpart that \"our information clearly indicated that the Indian fishermen were not carrying any arms or ammunition on board their vessel. Indian fishing vessels do not carry these on board but only fishing nets and the fish they catch\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11931858", "title": "Haryana irrigation leaves city taps dry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irrigation needs in Haryana left the capital high and dry after the state reduced the water flow in the Yamuna at Tajewala Barrage. While several parts of the city did not receive water at all, the other areas faced a disrupted supply over Thursday and Friday.Supply to most areas would resume from Saturday morning, Delhi Jal Board officials said. They attributed the shutting down of the Chandrawal water treatment plant in the past two days to replacement of old water pumps. \"The Chandrawal plant was closed for two days as the old water pumps were being replaced. The work has been completed and hopefully we will be able to supply water by Friday evening,\" said a senior official of the DJB.Supply from Haryana had come down slightly because of which there was some reduction in water supply. But the problem will be sorted out shortly, sources said. \"It is wheat irrigation time in Haryana and the state reduces water supply to the city every year this time. We have tried explaining to Haryana that Delhi's potable water requirements are more important than irrigation needs. However, we cannot ask them to deprive farmers of water. The issue is an annual one and should be sorted out soon,\" said an official.Water level at the Wazirabad pond had fallen from the mandated 674.5ft to 673.3ft on Thursday - affecting water treatment at Wazirabad by about 10%. This had an impact on water supply to many parts of north, northeast, east and central Delhi and NDMC areas.Anita Khanna, a resident of Mandir Marg, said they had been without water for two days and when they asked for a tanker, they were told about tanker shortage. \"Eventually one tanker was sent in the evening. We have already spent two days without water and even purchased mineral water for drinking,\" she said.Karol Bagh residents also complained of the water shortage, saying they were forced to call for private tankers as the DJB had none to go around. \"DJB refused to send a tanker as there were none available,\" said Mamta Garg, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933670", "title": "BJP loses opportunity to make heavy poll gains", "text": "PUNE: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) barely managed to scrape past its tally of 25 seats in the last civic polls by securing 26 seats in the 2012 elections. The party had fielded 89 candidates in total.The party, whose tally had come down from 34 in 2002 to 25 in 2007, faced the embarrassing prospect of going further down the hill. But it made up in the final stages of the results.Jyotsna Sardeshpande, a four-time corporator of the BJP from Model Colony, and sitting corporator Swati More ended up among the party's prominent losers.However, the BJP also accounted for the most dramatic win, when its nominee and standing committee chairman in the outgoing civic body, Ganesh Bidkar, defeated mayor and NCP nominee Mohansingh Rajpal.Internal strife and factionalism ensured that the party lost the opportunity of making inroads in the crumbling electoral fortunes of rival Congress. \"We were expecting to win 40 seats, but the results have gone contrary to our expectations,\" BJP city unit president Vikas Mathkari conceded, while speaking to TOI on Friday evening.But Mathkari dismissed suggestions that the BJP's performance had anything to do with the \"so-called\" strife within the factions owing allegiance to senior leaders Nitin Gadkari and Vinod Tawade on one side and Gopinath Munde on the other.Mathkari's appointment as president of the BJP city unit, a year ahead of the polls, was seen as part of the Gadkari-Tawade faction's strategy to sideline Munde's supporters and gain an upper hand in the city unit. This caused dissent among the pro-Munde workers.However, Mathkari insisted on Friday, \"The so-called internal strife was never a factor in the Khadakwasla assembly bypolls, which we (BJP) won hands down by beating our rival NCP nominee, in October 2010. It is also not a factor in this election.\"He said, \"If we take a closer look at the results, the entire opposition combine of the BJP, Shiv Sena , Republican Party of India and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has garnered a bigger share of votes than the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party.\"\"What has dented our (BJP's) chance of winning more seats is the fact that a lot of division of votes took places within the opposition parties. We would have been in a different situation had this division of votes not taken place,\" said Mathkari.The only silver lining to BJP's performance, political analysts point out, is the fact that it has fared way better than ally Shiv Sena, which could muster only 15 seats as against 20 in 2007.A relatively new outfit like the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena made the most of the opportunity by more than trebling its tally of seats, from eight in 2007 to 28 in 2012.On the road ahead for the BJP, Mathkari said, \"We will sit in the opposition and work as an alert opposition. The voters in Pune have handed out a fractured mandate. It's a wafer thin majority in favour of the NCP-Congress.\"He said, \"The question of repeating the 2007 Pune Pattern, when the BJP-Sena joined hands with the NCP to keep the Congress out of power, does not arise this time. We won't approach either the Congress or the NCP, considering that the numbers game is simply not in our favour.\"Of its 25 elected members from the 2007 polls, the BJP had renominated only 11 sitting corporators, while the rest were new faces, he said. \"Only nine of the sitting corporators have won, while the remaining winners are first-time corporators,\" he added.Some of the prominent BJP winners were Mukta Tilak, Neelima Dattatreya Khade, Medha Kulkarni, Sunil Kamble, Manasi Manoj Deshpande, Monica Murlidhar Mohol, Yogesh Mulik, Varsha Tapkir, Yogesh Tilekar, Dilip Kalokhe, Vishnu Narayan Harihar and Ashok Yenpure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932057", "title": "City schools ignore ban to screen kids for admission", "text": "HYDERABAD: Flouting all rules, including a 2001 Supreme Court directive, a 2008 Union HRD ministry order and the Right to Education Act, all of which have proscribed entrance tests for children, city schools are still conducting screening tests for tiny tots during admissions.And cashing in on these tests are coaching centres that have 'tailor-made preparatory material' designed to help toddlers 'crack' these entrance tests for a fee ranging between Rs 500 to Rs 6,000.Admissions at most city schools opened in December and shall go on till the end of February. The state education department has already sent a memo to city schools asking them to follow the 'lottery' system for admissions, as stipulated by the RTE Act but only a handful of them have taken heed. However, the education department's intervention, it seems, has ended with the memo.While parents believe that it is their financial status which is the deal clincher when it comes to kindergarten admissions, school authorities say they take these tests to ensure that the student can cope with their system of teaching.At most schools, children in the age group three-to-five years are made to take written and oral tests which asses their understanding of alphabets and familiarity with nursery rhymes. Some institutions will also use the test to screen out children with learning disabilities, parents said.The test, principals said, is compulsory for children in the six-to-14 age group. The coaching centres entered the scene around three years ago with an increase in the numbers of those wanting to put their children in 'high end' schools.The proprietor of a coaching institute at Ameerpet, said: \"We conduct preparatory courses for students appearing for admission tests for class 1, LKG and UKG\". These coaching centres come up with tailor-made courses based on the syllabus for the entrance test. K Rama Devi, owner of Sri Sai Ram Tuitions in Musheerabad, revealed that around 50 to 60 children had so far enrolled for these coaching classes.The lottery system does not look like being implemented any time soon at these schools. \"We are not trying to asses the merit of the children through a screening test. We just check their basic knowledge and how they respond to questions. And, for higher classes, we do not have that many admissions and so we do not have to go for the lottery system,\" said Usha Reddy, principal, Meridian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933423", "title": "City-based idol smuggler arrested in Bangalore", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai-based idol smuggler was arrested by sleuths of the Karnataka Forest Cell in Bangalore on Thursday, deputy superintendent M K Murali told TOI over telephone.The sleuths, Murali said, had been keeping tabs on the smuggler, Shivkumar Agarwal, an old-time operator in stolen ivory idols. When they contacted him posing as collectors of idols, Agarwal asked them to come to Chennai but they wooed him to Bangalore and put him up in a five-star hotel before nabbing him, Murali said.\"We had specific information about him and his illegal trade and convinced him to come to Bangalore,\" he said.Agarwal, who delivered idols of ivory and sandalwood to customers on demand, had at the time of arrest one of a mother and child, one of Ganesha and one of Krishna - worth more than Rs 7 lakh - in his possession. \"He claims the statues he was carrying were his ancestral property. After we called him, he came to Bangalore from Chennai in a taxi in six hours carrying the idols.He was booked on charges of violating provisions of the Karnataka Forests Act and the Indian Wildlife (protection) Act. Forest cell officials, who are probing if he has links with smugglers and poachers in other parts of the country will share the information with their Tamil Nadu counterparts, Murali said.Agarwal, who has houses on Kilpauk Garden Road and in Villivakkam, had a visiting card bearing the name of Concept Developers, Theme and Design, the Karnataka official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933611", "title": "KSRTC bus catches fire, driver escapes unhurt", "text": "BANGALORE: A North-Eastern KSRTC bus parked at the Shantinagar bus station was completely gutted after a fire broke out in the vehicle on Friday afternoon.Driver Sanjeev was asleep in his seat, when the fire was noticed by some commuters in the bus stand. They woke up the driver, who jumped out of the bus even as it went up in flames.No casualties were reported. The Rajahamsa bus was parked under some trees a little away from the station entrance.The bus had arrived a few hours earlier and the driver was resting in the bus before its next trip for Bhalki, in Bidar district, around 6.30pm.The cause of the fire is still unknown. \"We suspect a short-circuit but it's too early to confirm,\" said BG Hampagol, deputy director, department of fire and emergency.The fire department was alerted around 2.50pm, and two fire tenders were rushed to the spot from Bangalore South and Jayanagar fire stations. \"Our fire tenders were able to bring the fire under control within 10 minutes,\" said Hampagol.Sanjeev later told reporters that he did not realize there was a fire till someone woke him up. \"I was sleeping in the driver's seat. Someone banged on the bus and shouted that smoke was coming out. I woke up to see the bus filled with smoke,\" he said.\"The fire could have started from the rear of the bus,\" KSRTC officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11933605", "title": "Kozhikode all set for pulse polio driveAll set for pulse polio drive", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district medical office here has made all arrangements for the pulse polio immunization programme to be held on February 19 and April 1.It has arranged 2,295 booths in all government hospitals, primary health centres, private hospitals, anganvadis, homeo and ayurvedic dispensaries, bus and railway stations. The programme will cover 2,57,563 children up to the age of five years. Apart from the 2,295 booths 62 transit booths and 56 mobile booths have also been arranged.\"Special training was given to 7,810 volunteers and 377 supervisors to carry out the immunization drive. Additional district medical officer, reproductive and child health ( RCH) officer and programme officers of the district medical office have been entrusted to supervise the programme,\" said district medical officer P K Mohanan.District, block and grama panchayats, municipality, corporation, Rotary, Indian Medical Association, Indian Academy of Paediatrics, and other organizations are leading the programme in the district. A district-level task force under district collector P B Salim will coordinate the programme.Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer will inaugurate the district-level programme at the Women and Children Hospital at Kottaparamba here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "11934105", "title": "Unequal victims from across the border", "text": "PANIPAT: The ordeal of Pakistani nationals whose kin were killed in the Samjhauta Express blasts is far from over even as the fifth anniversary of the twin blasts falls on February 18.Relatives of nine Pakistani victims, who had died in the blasts in 2007, are now struggling to get back the enhanced compensation that was somehow bagged by their unscrupulous relatives on this side of the border, whom they had given general power of attorney (GPA) to pursue compensation cases in the Indian courts on their behalf.Relatives of Syed Izhar Hassain, Razia Sultana, Syed Iftikar Ali, Ashraf Jahan, minor Syed Hassain Ali, minor Mahak Iftikar, Zarina Begum, Azam Khan and Farjan had moved courts in order to get the compensation awarded to them by the railways tribunal enhanced.Though, the court did enhance the compensation, it never reached them in Pakistan. Instead it was pocketed by their relatives, who, on the basis of the GPAs, managed to get cheques made in their own names. The relatives have already taken up the matter with the Pakistan high commission in New Delhi and the Indian high commission in Islamabad, besides, writing to the Union ministry for external affairs. But, somehow, justice continues to elude them.Indian lawyer Momin Malik, who had fought the cases of both the Indian and the Pakistani victims, said that adding to the woes of the Pakistani, the Indian high commission in Islamabad had even been denying visas to the relatives of the victims to visit India and take up their cases with appropriate authorities.He said that Rs 40 lakh awarded as enhanced compensation by the Indian courts were grabbed by the relatives of the victims' Indian kin. He said that in case Indian authorities did not initiate any steps to return the money to their rightful claimants, it would defy the whole purpose of announcing compensation to the victims' kin.Malik added that he was going to file a petition in the high court to get visas issued to the Pakistani nationals who wished to take up the compensation cases in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932437", "title": "CNG price rise: MGL cites hike in costs", "text": "MUMBAI: Brace to shell out more for public transport in the coming days, reports Somit Sen. The price of compressed natural gas (CNG) went up by 5% in Mumbai, its suburbs and Thane from Friday midnight. The hike may result in a marginal increase in the fares of autos, taxis and buses.CNG price has gone up from Rs 31.47 a kg to Rs 33.10 in Mumbai, while in Thane it has increased from Rs 32.41 to Rs 34.05/kg. Mira Road-Bhayander will have to pay Rs 33.33/kg from the earlier Rs 31.70/kg and Navi Mumbai Rs 33.41/kg from Rs 31.70. All the rates are inclusive of octroi and cess.Explaining the decision to hike CNG prices in the city, Thane and Navi Mumbai, a Mahanagar Gas Limited spokesperson said, \"In view of the increase in the MGL's overall costs in the last two years and the long gap without a price hike, MGL is constrained to increase the rate of the green fuel. It is a marginal rise and should not be a major burden on the end-users (commuters) of public transport.\"However, even after the revision, CNG remains a very attractive proposition to its customers and costs less than petrol or diesel. MGL provides CNG through a network of 150 outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11933925", "title": "Sena numbers down from 8 to 6", "text": "NAGPUR: Shiv Sena got a major setback in the NMC election as their number of corporators came down from eight to six.Sena was given 18 seats to contest with alliance partners BJP keeping the remaining with them. Besides, Sena had also fielded its two candidates against BJP as a friendly fight taking the total number of candidates to 20. But the Sena failed to hold on its tally.In the 2007 elections, Sena had contested 17 seats and emerged victorious in 8 seats. Sena had just two corporators in the 2002 election.What was shocking for the party was that district president Shekhar Sawarbandhe, who was also the deputy mayor, ended up on the losing side. The six winners are former deputy mayor Kishor Kumeria from Ramanamaroti, Alka Dalal from Bastarwari, Bandu Talwekar from Garib Nawaz Nagar, Sarita Tiwari from Ajni, Mangala Gawre from Dighori, and Jagatram Sinha from Dipti Signal. Of the six, three are sitting corporators while the others are first-timers.Sawarbandhe blamed the use of money by his opponent as the reason for his defeat. \"The Congress candidate was engaged in luring the voters with the help of his financial strength for the last four months. Strangely, my colleague Divya Dhurde, who contested from the reserved woman's seat, emerged successful. While my votes got transferred to her, I did not get the same response,\" he said.Asked about the other setbacks to the party, Sawarbandhe said, \"A few of our sitting corporators could not get the home seat. But we feel happy as our alliance will come back to the power. Few parties like Lokmanch left the BJP alliance but the Sena has remained true to them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932422", "title": "HC: Colleges to pay for illegal admissions", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has directed the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education to inform educational institutes that if they wrongly admit students who are not eligible, they shall be derecognized.Justices P B Majmudar and P B Varale of the Nagpur bench heard a petition filed by a student of Sandipani junior college, challenging the decision of the board that she is not entitled to appear for Std XII board exams.The court was informed that while the science stream's eligibility criteria was 40%, the student had secured 38.5% in Std X and yet she had falsely mentioned her score as 42% in her admission form. The college's advocate said it was \"misguided\" at the time of admission.The student's advocate argued that that the college should have verified her marks later and should not have enrolled her in Std XI. \"It's true that the institution was also required to make appropriate scrutiny later by asking the student to submit her original marksheet, the institution also remained careless for the reasons best known to it,\" the judges stated in the February 10 order.\"Educational institutions, at the time of admitting the student to a particular course, must find out the eligibility at the threshold or at least within a few months after enrolling the student provisionally,\" the judges added.They judges directed the board to inform the institutions in advance by placing advertisements in widely circulated newspapers that if an educational institution wrongly admits such a student, even if he/she is not eligible to obtain admission in a particular stream, such institution shall be liable to be derecognized. \"The board is instructed to comply with this direction by informing educational institutions in the entire state forthwith so that a bona fide student may not be deprived of getting admission ,\" the judges stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932292", "title": "Slumbai provides saving grace", "text": "MUMBAI: The little more than 50% of Mumbai's population, which lives in slums, didn't disappoint on voting day. Probably the hope of a better future or the resilience that stems out of despair draws more voters from slums pockets to the polling booths in every election.Their enthusiasm was most evident at Worli naka, with serpentine queues snaking across footpaths throughout the day. It was a stark contrast with relatively empty booths in the high-heeled neighborhoods of Worli seaface. First-time voter Shameem Chaudhary from Premnagar slum in Worli said the local corporator had done a lot of work and it was faith that drove her to the voting booth.Booths at BDD chawl, which has been slotted for redevelopment, were also crowded. Jagdish Sawant (46) said he had come to vote hoping the redevelopment would bring justice. \"If slumdwellers can get 225 sq feet for their shanties, we will have got a fair deal,\" he said.In Gilbert Hill area of Andheri (W), where Slumdog Millionaire was shot, long queues were seen at the Bhavan's College ground and Sagar City municipal school. \"Our slum is atop the hill and is ridden with problems. Time after time we come to cast our vote in the hope that things will get better, but we are deceived. Let us see if this time is any different,\" said Asma Banu (45).Things were no different in the Behrampada slum, declared hyper-sensitive by the police and BMC. \"We have seen too many problems here during the 1992 riots. Compared to those, inadequate water supply and garbage piling up seem small. Of course, they do make our life miserable and we hope things would change some day,\" said 68-year-old Ijaaz Shaikh.At Cuffe Parade too, hordes of slumdwellers stepped out to vote. \"The only weapon we have is our vote. As a population, we are powerless and inconsequential for the most part. If we cast our vote for the right candidate, we can at least hope to improve our situation,\" said Anja Kachi (37), a fish seller from Ganesh Murty chawl.But not everyone was optimistic. Yashwant Dhanur, from Ambedkar Nagar chawl opposite Cuffe Parade police station: \"We all know that one ineffectual politician will be replaced by another. But we still get excited about voting every election because we can at least kick out the present guy who has not done his work well,\" he said.Long queues were also present at polling booths of Aarey Milk Colony Unit 32 in Goregaon (E), Malwani area's gate 7 and 8 as well as the Ganpat Patil Nagar slums in Dahisar. \"This is the most powerful way to raise our voice and demand things we need,\" said Venubai Birade (68), a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "11932893", "title": "Restore India's math glory: AP governor", "text": "THANJAVUR: Andhra Pradesh governor, ESL Narasimhan, on Friday called for restoring India's mathematical glory by deriving inspiration from legendary mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan.Addressing a gathering at the national conference on Vedas - the treasure house of mathematics, at the SASTRA University in Thanjavur, Narasimhan said, \"It is high time we sketch an action plan for renaissance. The intelligentsia should remember that we are the heirs of the infinite mathematical wealth left behind by our ancestors.\"Admiring Ramanujan, he said despite living only for 33 years, he rose to the level of Fellow of Royal Society (FRS), Cambridge, in 1918. Had he lived for some more years, he would have won the highest order of awards such as the Nobel for the country.Narasimhan reiterated that the Vedas were the treasure-house of knowledge and this was an established fact. While jyotisha (astrology) was needed to find out Vedic rituals, jyotisha also required knowledge of Ganita (mathematics) that occupied the top most position among the Indian sciences. Jyotisha was a science based on movements of planetary bodies. A study of it was possible when the scale of time and direction were applied. The application of time, direction and distance involved mathematical calculations.Thus either astrology or astronomy could not survive without mathematics while the science of Vedanta was the back-bone of all Vedangas.\"Like the crest of a peacock and the shining gem on the hood of the cobra, Ganita is the supreme of the Vedangasastras,\" he said.Referring to ancient Indian scientists such as Lagadha, Aryabhatta and Brahmagupta, he said they measured time and distance. The measurement of time started with Nimesa and ended with Brahma Kalpa. But Nimesa was wrongly translated as minute. \"The Indian Nimesa is just the time taken to close or open the eyelid. It's not the duration of 60 seconds.\"At the conclusion of his speech, he suggested a few points to restore the glory of mathematics, saying Vedic mathematics should be introduced in Vedapathasalas from 5th standard onwards, universities should think of introducing Vedic mathematics at the postgraduate level and that special incentives may be offered to scholars pursuing research in Vedic maths.Narasimhan appealed to the audience to come forward to save the country from the deficit of mathematical knowledge and the scarcity of mathematicians. Besides, he urged everyone to learn Sanskrit, which was the gateway to understanding ancient Indian wisdom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11933672", "title": "Local singer captivates music lovers across Europe", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Music breaks all barriers and boundaries and if it is soothing for ears and easy to gather, then language and dialect hardly matters as was evident recently when a local artist took the viewers across Europe on a musical journey with her live Radio music programme at WDR Musik 3 Radio, Bielefeld, Germany.Representing the 13th generation of traditional Darbhanga Gharana, Priyanka Mallick, a 'B-High' grade artist of AIR and TV in Hindustani vocal, performed live before audience in Germany, where she presented an amalgamation of Hindustani classical vocal and light classical vocal, drawing appreciation from audience across Europe. The programme was simultaneously broadcast at all radio stations of the music channel in Europe.A Presidential gold medal awardee at All India Radio music competition in the field of Hindustani vocal, Priyanka started at an early age under the guidance of her guru and father Pandit Prem Kumar Mallick, a renowned musician. Her late grandfather Pandit Vidur Mallick was also an accomplished dhrupad maestro.Sharing the details of her achievements with TOI after her return from Germany, a visibly elated Priyanka said: \"Every year, WDR Musik 3 Radio, invites one artist from the world music forum to perform live before audience. This itself is a big achievement given the fact that very high benchmarks are set by the organizers and it is here that one's performance as an artist at the national and international level come to fore.\"Her claim holds truth on account of the fact that a Sangeet Prabhakar and Praveen from the prestigious Prayag Sangeet Samiti, Priyanka has several musical performance both in India and abroad to her credit. A regular broadcaster at All India Radio and Doordarshan, the vocalist has also composed her own music album released by Celestial Harmonies, Germany where she has sung compositions in praise of the Goddess, Divine Energy.Her music has also been released in the album of ghazal and thumri maestro late Begum Akhtar, where she has rendered classical compositions along with various eminent musicians.Her other performances which gained attention are Sankalp-Saptak music festival, Ahmedabad, Barin Das Sangeet festival, Allahabad, Max Mueller Bhawan concert, New Delhi, Bhatkhande Sangeet festival, Lucknow, All India Radio music festival, Kolkata, Brij Kala Sangeet festival, Mathura and Vindh Mahotsav, Vindhyachal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11933767", "title": "Several star campaigners but nothing new for voters", "text": "KANPUR: A few miles from the state capital where campaigning came to an end on Friday, Kanpur was host to several star campaigners and one of them, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, addressing a public meeting at Moti Jheel lawns here.Former BJP national president Rajnath Singh, BJP president Nitin Gadkari, chief minister Mayawati, JD (U) chief Sharad Yadav, BJP leaders Uma Bharati and Arun Jaitely also came on a whirlwind visit to various places in an around the city.However, the visiting leaders were identical at least on one front. Instead of talking about their contributions or giving assurances, most of them identically dedicated their speeches to 'exposing' rivals in the fray. Echoing Congress leaders' oft-repeated claims as how Uttar Pradesh witnessed plundering of Central funds during Mayaraj, the Prime Minister also spoke on the same lines and exhorted people to defeat forces involved in corrupt practices. \"State government wasted the entire fund that was sent from the Centre,\" Singh remarked at Moti Jheel.At Kalyanpur, BJP leader Rajnath Singh had similar allegations against the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre. Singh addressed a rally in favour of BJP nominee Premlata Katiyar. He said that the Congress leaders were equally responsible for corrupting the system and problem lies with them, rather than anyone else.\"The NRHM scam has shown not only loot of funds but also involvement of criminals in governance. Public money was looted and now murders are happening every day that shows how the BSP leaders patronized corrupt practices,\" he said. The BJP leader said that UPA was the root cause of the entire corruption. \"They (UPA) are exposed after the 2G scam and they set the precedence for the rot to settle,\" he argued while talking to reporters on the sidelines of the public meeting.Chief minister Mayawati's rally at Koyla Nagar in the heart of the city, witnessed a huge crowd. The place falls in Maharajpur Assembly constituency from where Shikha Mishra, wife of Anant Mishra, is the BSP nominee. Anant Mishra was sacked as health minister for his alleged involvement in the NRHM scam. \"Don't go by manifestos, they are bunch of lies,\" she said.Mayawati asked people to cast their votes and defeat the 'enemies' of downtrodden. From Gadkari to Uma Bharati and Mayawati, all spoke about rivals' misdeeds but none had much to talk about why and for what the voters should trust them. Issues of public interest were also missing from the leaders' rhetoric and their rallies were also planned strategically eyeing the vote-bank. Manmohan Singh's visit to Kanpur in election season is 'cardinal' for the Congress leaders, thanks to presence of a huge Sikh vote-bank that is largely shared between the BJP and the Congress candidates.Eyeing the same vote-bank, the BJP roped in its Delhi leaders, who hold sway on Sikh voters. The likes of Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley were here that too was seen as an attempt to woo the Sikh voters. Rajnath Singh spoke at various places in and around Kanpur, thanks to the decisive Thakur voters mainly on the outskirts of the city. While leaders made no bones in exposing rivals, ruins of the city's glorious past still tell the story about the sorry state of affairs that continues to persist in the city. Most of the industries that earned the Kanpur the nickname of 'Manchester of the East', are shut for years but none of the high profile leaders uttered a word about reviving them or even clearing the backlog of dues that the companies owe to their former employees.\"Thousands are jobless in the city. A few of them are middle-aged but none of the leaders could come up with a plan to show them future,\" remarked a senior trade union leader, while talking to TOI in front of the historic Lal Imli mills, closed for several years now. The trade union leader preferred anonymity, as he is one of the 'committed' volunteers of Ajay Kapoor.Although a few patches have seen some initiatives, thanks to the emergence of local MP and Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal but the efforts are still half-cast.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934527", "title": "Lead in air, water spur kidney ailments", "text": "Batteries help many households to tide over increasing power cuts in the city, but the blessing has now turned into a curse. Spent batteries that are being disposed unscientifically across the city pose serious health hazards such as kidney failure, say doctors.They say that lead from these batteries often extracted through crude methods expose workers and residents. If left unattended, lead from these batteries can contaminate ground water. The increasing number of batteries is a result of frequent power disruptions in the city, doctors said during an international conference on renal and transplant pathology held at the Sri Ramachandra University.The demand for lead is also increasing as the metal is extensively used in many industries, including by mobile and automobile companies.Lead is recycled to make fresh batteries as well. A car battery, which weighs around 14.5kg has 8.7kg of lead, while the batteries used for invertors have nearly 16kg. Unlike many countries, India does not insist that manufacturers buy back the used products to ensure environment safety. The batteries are usually taken back by small agents who use crude methods to retrieve lead. When batteries are broken for recycling, lead is released as dust, which affects the respiratory system. Add to this, poor government monitoring and you have a major health hazard on hand. Lead toxicity can cause high blood pressure, kidney failure in adults and developmental delays and behavioural problems in children, said US-based nephrologist Sharada G Sabnis from Armed Forces Institute of Pathology in Washington, DC. Lead, when eaten or inhaled frequently, can also cause various forms of cancer.Nephrologist Dr P Sounderarajan said doctors were seeing increased number of patients with kidney failures due to lead toxicology. \"We don't have any facts to prove that, but can say that from experience. It is often left undiagnosed as doctors tend to suspect other causes for kidney failure. Even pathological tests don't often directly indicate metal toxicity. Sadly, there are no standard or periodic tests that warn people about water or air pollution in their locality,\" he said.There has not been any recent comprehensive study in Chennai on lead toxicity. But pathologists said hospitals are admitting more patients with lead poisoning. \"Only a few patients instantly react to lead,\" said Dr Sarah Kuruvilla, the organizing chairperson of the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11933518", "title": "Amrita to launch two nano products next week", "text": "KOCHI: A nano-product for cancer treatment which is in its pre-clinical stage will be launched at the three-day international conference on nanotechnology, Nanobio 2012, organized by the Amrita University in Kochi from February 21.This is the first product from the Amrita Centre for Nano Sciences and Molecular Medicine (ACNSMM) which is a designated centre of excellence in nano material for biomedical uses by the ministry of science and technology.\"We will also be launching a nano product for energy saving at the 'Nanosolar 2012' which will be held on February 24 on Amrita hospital campus,\" said Dr Shanti Nair, head, ACNSMM.\"The conference will bring together world leaders in the field of regenerative medicine and molecular medicine. While Nanobio 2012 will focus on the latest advances in the bio medical applications of nano materials, Nanosolar 2012 will focus on innovative developments in solar energy technology and electrical storage technologies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11933561", "title": "Pinarayi confident about winning Piravom bypoll", "text": "KANNUR: The Piravom byelection will be a verdict against the anti-people policies of the UDF government. And public outrage after the poll will force the government out, CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said here on Friday.\"The LDF will not do anything to bring down the Oommen Chandy government, it will fall as a result of public uprisings against its anti-people policies,\" Vijayan said addressing the press at the Kannur Press Club.He also said the LDF was confident about winning in Piravom. \"It is because of the fear of failure that the government kept dilly dallying over the election,\" he added.Vijayan, however, said the timing of the bypoll was wrong as this was the examination season. And the election day being a Sunday would create further discomfort for people attending the church , he said.No rift: Ruling out any rift between the CPM and the CPI, he said the difference of opinion between the two parties over statements made by some CPI leaders would not affect the strength of the LDF or the poll prospects in Piravom. On the resignation of P A Ahamed, the special prosecutor in the palmolein case, the CPM state secretary said he also did not agree with the conclusions of the Vigilance Department in this case. Vijayan said the vigilance report itself was a clear example of the way the UDF was sabotaging the rule of the law.\"In the name of further probe, the government is trying to weaken the palmolein case. The vigilance report, which gave a clean chit to Oommen Chandy, is an example of this,\" said Pinarayi Vijayan.Contempt for rule of law: The dismissal of the child welfare committee against the order of the high court is an example of the government's contempt for the rule of law, he said, adding that this attitude would result in anarchy in the state, and the eventual fall of the government.On the incident in which the crew of an Italian ship shot dead two fishermen near Kollam, Vijayan said the state and Central governments should bring the culprits to book. The families of the victims should be compensated adequately, and the government should make sure no external intervention weakened the case, Pinarayi said.\"The UPA government is more interested in catering to foreign interests than interests of the nation,\" he added.Nurses' agitation: On being asked why the CPM had not taken up the issue of the nurses in the state earlier, the party state secretary said the party had not taken it up because it did not want to disrupt the atmosphere in hospitals. However, once the real picture of exploitation came out, the party stood by the agitating nurses, he said, adding that its support to the cause would continue till the nurses get justice.On the reports that a minister's personal staff had tried to sexually assault a tribal girl from Wayanad after promising her a job, Vijayan said it was the duty of everyone to uphold morality. Action should be taken against such people if the allegations are proved right, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11934160", "title": "NCP pays a price for its overconfidence &amp; hubris", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just the Congress that is reeling from its debacle at the civic elections, the results of which were announced on Friday evening. For the Sharad Pawarled NCP, the outcome of the polls is a major political setback, especially as party leaders were confident that the Shiv Sena-BJP saffron combine would not be able to retain its hold on the BMC this time around. All along, their analysts had assumed that because of the electoral understanding between the Congress and NCP, the elections would be a cakewalk for the alliance. \"We lost due to our overconfidence. In the wake of the alliance, we did not campaign seriously . On the other hand, the Sena campaigned aggressively as it was a question of their survival. Uddhav Thackeray won and we lost. It is a time for introspection for both Congress and NCP,'' said home minister R R Patil. Lack of trust between the parties, infighting within the ranks and the absence of heavyweights who were more interested in campaigning in their hometowns are some of the reasons for the defeat.But even as he admitted defeat, a stoic Patil does not believe that the results will have an adverse impact on the 2014 assembly elections: \"The issues in the civic polls are different from those of the assembly elections. The saffron combine won the 2002 and 2007 and now 2012 civic polls, but during the 2004 and 2009 elections to the assembly and Lok Sabha, the Sena-BJP failed to make an impact.''Though the NCP entered into a pre-poll alliance with the Congress, a section of its senior leaders believed that the party should have contested the elections independently andsought an alliance only after the results were announced. Subsequently , big names and crowd-pullers were conspicuously absent during the NCP's campaign trail. While Sharad Pawar addressed a few meetings in Mumbai, other heavyweights such as his daughter Supriya Sule, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, rural development minister Jayant Patil, public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal, state NCP president Madhukar Pichad and even home minister R R Patil took only a passing interest in the party's campaign, and failed to aggressively woo the secular vote.More telling is the fact that they joined the campaign trail on the very last day; there was no impact on the electorate. Most of the senior NCP leaders concentrated on the polls in their hometowns. Jayant Patil and R R Patil were busy in the Sangli Zilla Parishad polls, while entire Bhujbal family was caught up with the elections in the Nashik Municipal Corporation and Zilla Parishad.Top NCP leaders on Thursday also admitted that the Congress-NCP front was nearly routed because of disputes . It was a historic decision to join hands with the Congress to contest the BMC polls, but in other parts of Maharashtra, as there was no alliance , the campaigning touched new lows. As party members indulged in allegations and counter-allegations , the already cynical Mumbaikar started losing faith in the alliance. \"In Mumbai, it was felt that Congress's real enemy was the NCP. We paid a heavy price for not reaching an agreement in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad ,'' a senior NCP minister said.Minister of state for industries Sachin Ahir had insisted that a proposal from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan should be considered seriously . Later, even Pawar felt it was time the parties contest the elections together to dislodge the saffron combine . Subsequently, an agreement was reached where the NCP contested 57 seats and the Congress, 169. NCP won only 14 seats; Congress bagged 50.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934393", "title": "Shiv Sainiks mob police station, lathi charged", "text": "NAGPUR: A group of Shiv Sainiks , under Kishore Thakre, assembled at the Pachpaoli police station on Friday late night protesting irregularities in the counting process and demanding a re-polling in the just concluded civic polls. Thakre, representing Sena in the polls, was defeated in the election. Police had to resort to lathi-charge to control the situation.The Sena supporters demanded action against the polling officials and also attract attention of district administration for a re-poll. Senior police officials had to rush to Pachpaoli police station to ensure that the situation doesn't go out of control. Officers also tried to convince the supporters, but the mob remained at the police station till late night. An offence has been registered against the Sena supporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933324", "title": "They rob woman in guise of postmen", "text": "BANGALORE: Two unidentified men barged into a software engineer's house on 28th Main Road in Banashankari II Stage and threatened the homemaker before fleeing with gold jewellery worth Rs 2.5 lakh on Friday. One of the two men, aged between 35 to 40 years, was masked.A complaint by Trupti Ghorpade, the woman, said the unidentified men knocked on the doors at 11.15am, called out that they had come from the post office to deliver letters to her. As Trupti opened the front door, the men pushed her aside and threatened to kill her. They tied her hands with dupatta and gagged her. They removed her gold mangalsutra, earrings, another necklace, and bangles and locked the house from outside before fleeing. Her shouts for help attracted the neighbours, who opened the door and helped her to call police.Preliminary investigation revealed that one of the culprits could be identified by the victim, while the other had covered his face with a monkey cap. \"We will be able to catch culprits as the victim could identify one of them,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11932961", "title": "Maderna returns Rajasthan budget session letter", "text": "JODHPUR: Former minister Mahipal Maderna who is in jail in connection with the Bhanwari case, on Friday returned the Proclamation Letter intimating him about the commencement of the budget session of the assembly, but another accused in the case MLA Malkhan Singh Bishnoi accepted the same. The jail administration returned Maderna's letter.The budget session of the state assembly is commencing from February 27 and the intimation to this regard in the form of a Proclamation Letter was conveyed to both these MLAs, currently lodged in the Jodhpur Central Jail, through the CBI. \"Bishnoi accepted the letter whereas Maderna refused to accept the same and returned it back to us,\" jail superintendent A R Niyazi said.\"By doing so, Maderna again reaffirmed his grudge against the Gehlot government,\" a senior Congress leader said. It was also evident when he had also refused to meet Pali MP Badri Ram Jakhar, who visited the jail to see both Bishnoi and Maderna.Meanwhile, the judicial custody of both Maderna and Paras Ram Bishnoi was extended till February 28 with a condition to appear in the court in person if the charge sheet is filed before that. Both have been exempted from appearance in the court in person and the hearing of their case is on through video-conferencing.In another development, the high court has issued notice to the state government on a petition filed by Amri Devi objecting to the attachment of Indra Bishnoi's properties which are not solely in her possession.The court has sought reply from the government by February 21. Her counsel, Sunil Joshi said that among the properties attached, those in Bilara, Bhavi, Tilvasni and Dhana Magra were also included but these properties are not in her sole possession and are subject to division, which is due.\"These properties are joint properties of three sons of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and her mother after the death of Ram Singh Bishnoi, her husband and Indra has not been given any share of these properties,\" Joshi said.In a separate petition, both the arrest warrant and order of attachment of the property of Indra have been challenged in the high court. But the exercise of the attachment of her property has already been done and a compliance report has already been submitted in the court by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932119", "title": "Doctors debating if Big B needs more surgeries", "text": "MUMBAI: Doctors at SevenHills Hospital are closely monitoring Amitabh Bachchan's condition and are yet to decide if the actor needs to undergo another surgery immediately. Another problem pertaining to his abdomen seems to have cropped up and investigations are still on, said sources.TOI had reported that the superstar might have developed haematoma (the clotting of blood outside the blood vessels), a known complication after hernia surgeries. Usually, the clots are removed through a surgical procedure.Bachchan has been recuperating at SevenHills Hospital in Marol since last Saturday after undergoing back-to-back surgeries for hernia.On Friday, TOI learnt that Big B might have some more health complications that need attention. \"During pre-operative examinations before the hernia surgery, doctors found out that there were some other problems in his abdomen. As hernia surgery had to be given priority, it was decided that his other problems would be looked into later,\" said a source.Doctors at SevenHills Hospital, however, refused to divulge any details except that Bachchan Senior was recovering well.The source added that following the hernia surgery, the dormant problem started bothering him again. The actor had tweeted on Wednesday, \"the pain remains... not at the site of wound but in the stomach.\"\"But he may not be operated immediately as his body is yet to recover from the hernia surgery,\" said the source. Though there are no dietary constraints, the actor has been exercising extreme caution about his food. He has only been eating home-cooked food. and not even the hospital food.Doctors at the hospital have been very cautious about Bachchan's medication and have been giving him drugs \"sparingly\". \"His liver is already vulnerable. So, he is being given a lot of nutrition and antibiotics intravenously. Pain killers, too, are given wisely,\" said the source.Sources close to the Bachchans said the actor was being given antibiotics for some infection. Bachchan had developed cirrhosis of the liver after an incident in 1982 in which he was gravely injured during the filming of Coolie and required about 60 bottles of blood. Blood transfusion from an infected donor had resulted in the liver disease.A source from the hospital said the actor was recuperating well after the hernia surgery. \"He has been reading a lot,\" and utilizing his recovery time well,\" said the source. Big B's family and friends have been continuously by his side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "11932300", "title": "Teacher suspended for using students as domestic helps", "text": "NIZAMABAD: The physical education teacher of Andhra Pradesh Residential High School, Pochampad, Prabhakar, who forced a six standard student to work in his residential quarters was suspended by the higher officials.Andhra Pradesh Residential Education Institute Society (APREIS) secretary Gopal Reddy issued the orders suspending the teacher.The school authorities received the orders on Thursday. Following a story published in TOI on February 14 under the title `APRHS teachers use students as helps,' the secretary sent deputy secretary R S Nagalakshmi to enquire into the matter.After interacting with students and school staff, she submitted a report to the secretary, who issued the suspension orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11935692", "title": "India-born biologist bags world's first major international award", "text": "WASHINGTON: India-born biologist Kamal Bawa has bagged the world's first international award for outstanding scientific work that promotes sustainable development globally.Dr Bawa, distinguished Professor of Biology at the University of Massachusetts in Boston, will receive the Gunnerus Sustainability Award from the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters (DKNVS) at a function in Trondheim, Norway on April 17, an official announcement said.\"We are very pleased to have selected such a worthy winner of the first Gunnerus award,\" said Professor Kristian Fossheim, president of DKNVS.The Gunnerus award is the first major international prize for outstanding scientific work that promotes sustainable development globally, and will be awarded every two years starting in 2012.Dr Bawa is most noted for his pioneering work on population biology in rainforest areas.His wide span of research includes groundbreaking biological discoveries made in Central America, Western Ghats in India and the Himalayas.He is specially noted for the establishment, and as President, of Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE) in Bangalore.Until recently, he also held Ruffolo Giorgio Fellowship in Sustainability Science and Bullard Fellowship at Harvard University .\"I am very pleased over the recognition that our work has received,\" Dr Bawa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934351", "title": "Bhopal\u2019s young take to inking love", "text": "BHOPAL: Sometime ago, Bhopal's new nawab Saif Ali Khan may have tattooed his flame Kareena's name on his forearm to declare his love, but Bhopali youths are now going farther.Many already sport tattooed images of their moms, dads, brothers, sisters (even grandparents), and the trend is catching up. \"Tattooing is changing. Students are coming in with the pictures of their kin. This has been quite a surprise,\" a city tattoo artist, Swapnil Vijayvargiya, said.He claimed 5-10 students turn up at his shop on an average day requesting to be tattooed with pictures of family members.And it is not just boys. City girls have also picked up the practice. BCA final year student Adisha tattooed a picture of her younger brother on herself. \"My brother is 12 years younger to me. I wanted to present him a unique gift and got his face tattooed on my hand,\" Adisha said.But it is only a temporary tattoo, she says, adding she would go for permanent one later.Class XII student Krutika got an image of her sister tattooed on her hand. \"She liked it very much,\" she said.Swapnil says most youngsters want to have only a temporary tattoo. \"They want to keep changing the images,\" he said.\"I lost my grandpa a few months back and wanted to pay him a tribute. So I got his picture tattooed,\" said Rajesh Sharma, an engineering student. He now plans to have tattoos of his entire family on himself.Swapnil, however, has a piece of advice for enthusiasts: diabetics should not go for tattooing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933761", "title": "Counting delayed in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Counting of votes for the Pune municipal election continued till late in the night even as the results for other municipal corporations were declared by evening. The final figures for Pune were declared only around 10 pm.\"There were some problems in wards where losing candidates objected to the counting, which resulted in delay,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak.The first result came out around 9 am when mayor Mohansingh Rajpal was declared defeated by standing committee chairman Ganesh Bidkar. By 4.30 pm, the counting process gained momentum and nearly half of the results were out. However, after 5 pm, the speed of counting slowed down tremendously and even the central election office at the PMC was not able to get figures from counting stations.\"The counting process was being held at 13 places across the city to prevent people from gathering at one place. Also, counting at one place would have delayed the entire process. There was no technical snag,\" PMC election officer Praveen Ashtikar said.He added that the PMC will display all the results on its website immediately. \"All machinery worked well during the election process and citizens will get access to final results immediately,\" said Ashtikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934454", "title": "BJP betters tally in NMC as well as ZP", "text": "NAGPUR: Friday provided BJP cause for double celebration. It has bettered its 2007 performance in NMC polls as well as the Zilla Parishad indicating its lengthening reach in urban as well as rural areas. The party managed to overcome anti-incumbency factor and internal rebellion to post its best tally yet in NMC at 62 seats. In ZP polls, it bagged 22 of 53 seats while alliance partner Sena won eight.Party's performance in the Nagpur was keenly watched. A loss in the home turf of national president Nitin Gadkari would have undermined his leadership at national level. An elated Gadkari said voters had taken right decision. \"People voted against rising inflation and rampant corruption under the Congress-led government at state and centre. It was team work of BJP-Sena-RPI alliance at Mumbai and Nagpur,\" he told reporters.It was a proud moment for MLA Devendra Fadnavis too who was in-charge for city. He was responsible for selection of candidates. There was lot of confusion in newly introduced Prabhag system. This time, though the rebellion was not that severe rivals Congress and NCP were together. Still, under Fadnavis' charge, BJP managed to gain seven more seats than 2007.Except sitting mayor Archana Dehankar, all stalwarts of BJP including city chief Anil Sole, former standing panel chairman Sandip Joshi, senior leader Girish Deshmukh, former mayor Maya Iwnate, former deputy mayor Ravindra Bhoyar, leader of ruling party Pravin Datke, and spokesperson Dayashankar Tiwari won convincingly despite contesting from new wards with new voters. Its three candidates having criminal taint- Anil Dhawade, Jagdish Gwalbanshi and Munna Yadav - also registered victories with comfortable margin.The party would now be facing plenty of internal problems in selection of mayor, standing committee chairman and leader of ruling party, as many have bigwigs made it to NMC house. \"It will not be an issue,\" said Sole, who is tipped to don mayor's cap for first term of two and half years. He added the party would come good on promises made in the manifesto.Joshi termed the victory as slap in the face of Congress-NCP combine that tried to garner votes on the basis of muscle and money power. \"People have voted for development and the victory has set the platform for Gadkariji's Lok Sabha campaign in 2014,\" he said. Analysts, however, stated that Congress-NCP failed to cash in on many failure of BJP led alliance including water, roads and streetlights.BJP's performance in last three NMC polls:2002: BJP - 45, Sena - 22007: BJP - 55, Sena - 82012: BJP - 62, Sena - 6", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933976", "title": "AMC demolition squad assaulted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's estate department faced stiff resistance from locals during a drive to demolish two unauthorized structures near Ambar Tower in Juhapura on Friday afternoon. The demolition team was greeted with stones and AMC officials had to seek help of Sarkhej policeTwo policemen and an AMC official were injured before the crowd was finally dispersed. Sarkhej police said that the incident took place at 12.15 pm when a team of AMC officials went to bring down two residential blocks and a car repairing shop. As the bulldozers entered the area, the local residents protested against the action, calling the drive illegal. Even when officials showed evacuation notices sent four months back, they maintained that they did not receive it and sought more time to evacuate.Inspector at Sarkhej police station N S Malek said that police were informed when an irate mob started pelting stones. \"We tried to disperse the crowd with mild lathicharge. AMC official Gunvant Soni; head constable Ramesh Kishan; and constable Mumtaz Bano Shaikh were injured in the stone pelting. A police vehicle was also damaged,\" he said.Police registered a case of rioting against 40 people, including Alluddin Valiya, Musa Sandhaviya, Asif Ghanchi, Imran Shaikh and owner of Sangam Body Repair shop. The shop was situated in basement of one of the demolished buildings and the owner protested when his goods were buried under debris. \"We have already served evacuation notices to more residents in the area as the next round of demolition will start soon to clear the encroachments on government land,\" said an AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11932721", "title": "Nigerian youth in net for online lottery fraud", "text": "KOLKATA: City police on Friday arrested a Nigerian youth in connection with online lottery fraud. Esele Noselumen Paulgreat (38), the youth, posed himself as a British diplomat and swindled Rs 12.73 lakh in the first phase and Rs 3.32 lakh in the second from Kolkata-based private firm employee Moni Sen.Sen, a resident of Haridevpur, received an SMS saying that his mobile number was chosen by Coca-Cola and he would receive Rs 5 lakh British pound. He was asked to fill-up an online form to give his details. Soon he was contacted and asked to pay Rs 12.73 lakh in installments for clearing the customs fee so that he can receive the box containing the amount.Sen managed to pay that amount through an HSBC account. After a few days, he received a call from one Kelvin Moor, a self-claimed British diplomat. He said that Sen had to make a final payment of Rs 3.32 lakh before receiving his prize.Moore once again called him and asked Sen to pay Rs 1 lakh for the penultimate custom clearance. This is when suspicion struck Sen. He contacted the cyber crime police station at Lalbazar immediately. \"We asked him to continue his dialogue with Moore and we laid a trap at the designated place where the final payment was supposed to be made,\" said a police officer.Accordingly, Sen went to the airport with cops in tow to collect the box. When Moore appeared with a box, Sen opened it and found a certificate from the British government and bundles black papers. Moore said that once a liquid is poured on the bundles, the pounds will be visible. He also said that he had forgotten to bring the liquid and needs to enter the airport once more. But before he could escape, police pounced on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933264", "title": "A heart for special children", "text": "MYSORE: Social service has been embedded in this 76-year-old retired history professor ever since his teenaged days. He has donated blood several times and has organized many blood donation camps in the city.Apart from providing blood to needy patients, N Venkoba Rao has been training mentally challenged children for the past three decades at the Mythri Institute for Mentally Challenged Children (MIMCC), which he started with the help of a couple of friends. At present, five teachers train 34 mentally challenged children at this institution.This senior citizen is still in high spirits in serving the poor and mentally disabled children and collects funds from people in the city for the children's welfare. Recently, Venkoba Rao organized a paining exhibition, in which 40 art works, painted by the differently-abled children were exhibited. The money earned from the sale of the paintings was used to help poor mentally challenged children, while Rs 1,000 was given to the children who created the art works.Speaking to TOI, Venkoba Rao said: \"When I was a professor, a colleague of mine used to help poor and special kids. He inspired me to start helping mentally challenged children.\" Rao said helping people means not only donating money, eyes and blood, but also serving, training and spending time with them.The special children at his institution are taught social behavior and various subjects, which are covered in other schools. The specialty of Rao's MIMCC is that they select mentally disabled children, who are good at sports. The children are taken to Maharaja College ground once a week and are trained in long jump, high jump and other sports.Rao resides in the city with his wife G Mayadevi and a son and daughter.So far, 180 children have won in various state and national level sports competition in the mentally challenged category. \"Ever since the inception of the MIMCC, it has been run in rented buildings. I recently paid a few lakh rupees as an advanced payment to buy a site for the construction of the institution. In a few days, my friends and I will travel across the city to people's doorsteps and raise funds for the construction works,\" he added.Rao stopped donating blood at the age of 55 after a doctor suggested him to stop due to his age. However, Rao has convinced his family members and dozens of friends to donate blood on their birthdays. \"Donating blood on special occasions makes more memorable,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932204", "title": "Supreme Court notice to Centre on Haj subsidy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday told the Centre that it was unhappy over the manner in which the annual Haj pilgrimage for over 1.7 lakh Muslims was being handled and sought answers to various questions ranging from selection of the government delegation to the ethicality of Haj subsidy.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai hastily sought presence of attorney general G E Vahanvati and asked him to get the response of the Centre on questions relating to Haj by February 24. Though the appeal against a Kerala HC judgment on private Haj operators was filed by the Union of India through advocate Harish Beeran, the court converted it into a public interest litigation.The bench wanted to know who decided the composition of the Prime Minister's Goodwill Delegation, how this came about and the purpose it served. It also asked the government to specify the government quota in the total Haj pilgrims permitted from India by Saudi Arabia government and explain the modalities of its distribution.When the court said it would consider the ethicality of government subsidy for Haj, Vahanvati said it had already been upheld by the apex court. But the bench said it would have a fresh look at the logic behind government off-setting the cost of the pilgrimage.The bench had last year stayed a Kerala HC order putting last-minute spokes in the government's quota but had said the manner in which the pilgrimage was being organized every year left much to be desired. It wanted the Haj pilgrimage for the year 2012 to be streamlined.Of the 170,000 Haj pilgrims quota fixed for India, 1.25 lakh were nominated by Haj Committee through draw of lots, 11,000 by government of India including 1,500 for Jammu and Kashmir and rest through private tour operators (PTOs).The bench was critical of the treatment meted out to pilgrims by PTOs and said Hajis were being fleeced. \"We have personally come across sufferings of Hajis at the hands of some unscrupulous Haj tour operators. We must have a proper policy for 2012,\" the bench had said during the last hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934659", "title": "Congress leader gunned down in Betul town", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress leader and former Municipal Council member Alok Mishra was shot dead on Friday night by two unidentified persons in front of the Police Control Room and the district hospital in Betul.The murder triggered panic in the town. The police immediately put up barricades at various points and launched search operation to nab the assailants. A strong contingent of police force has been deployed at the spot.The incident took place around 8 pm when two unidentified persons walked into a medical shop owned by Mishra and opened fire at him from point blank range, killing him on the spot. The assailants fired four to six bullets before escaping.The shop where the murder took place is in a busy market area with the district hospital on one side and a police control room on the other. Alok Mishra was earlier the general secretary of Betul district Congress committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934539", "title": "Missing Russian woman returns", "text": "PANAJI: A 24-year-old Russian woman, who had gone missing from her hotel room on Valentine's day , has resurfaced three days later. On being questioned by the Calangute police, she said that she had gone to meet a friend.The Russian had arrived in Goa with her mother on a tourist visa. They were residing in a hotel at Calangute. On February 14 evening, the Russian went missing.\"The mother searched her and when she couldn't locate her, she came to the police station. In her complaint, she said that her daughter might have gone out with her boyfriend or she may have left for Russia. We immediately registered a missing complaint,\" said Calangute police.The Russian returned to the hotel on Thursday. \"When we received information that she had returned to the hotel, we called her to the police station and asked her where she was in the last three days. She said that she had gone out with a friend,\" police said. Police revealed that while investigating into the missing complaint, they had learnt that the Russian had befriended a Nigerian man while partying in the coastal belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11939800", "title": "Sir Ben Kingsley knows how to use a charkha!", "text": "Known for his iconic tv serial Chanakya, actor K K Raina is back on tv after 22 years! He speaks on his new tv serial 'Upanishad Ganga', tv trends today and shares his experience of working with Ben KingsleyWhat is Upanishad Ganga? We usually talk so highly of our vedas, upanishads, our values, our culture but not many of us have the apt knowledge of it. This serial gives the audience the teachings of the Upanishads and vedas. Upanishad Ganga will bring the audience closer to the Indian Philosophy. I have played various characters of Haridas,Chanakya,Narad, Yajnavalkya etc in it.Will the serial appeal to the youth? Frankly speaking the serial is meant for those who wish to watch something intellectual and not the saas-bahu sagas. The concepts of Upanishad are relevant even today and so it will appeal to the masses. The right to education which we talk about in this era was actually proposed by Chanakya.Why did you choose this serial as your comeback show on small screen? The last serial I did was Byomkesh Bakshi which came out 22 years ago! I left it in the first place because I am much used to working in a theatric format where the scripts are given beforehand. Working in the serial you get scripts on the day of the shoot which is what I don't like about it. However, when Dr saheb approached me for this serial he assured me that he will give me scripts before the shoot and so I agreed.You've also acted with Ben Kingsley in Gandhi. How was it? Acting is a lonely job. You need passion for acting. It's not everyone's cup of tea and this I realized after working with Ben Kingsley. During the shoot when I visited Sir Ben Kingsley's suite I saw that the entire room had pictures and books on Mahatma Gandhi. Sir Ben even had a charkha and knew how to use it. This is how it dawned upon me that acting is not everyone's job. You have to live the life of the character you are going to enact.What are you future ventures? I am working on a movie which will be Kashmir centric, working with DD urdu and doing a play called Namaste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932160", "title": "Pilli submits resignation again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pilli Subash Chandra Bose, Congress rebel MLA from Ramachandrapuram in East Godavari district, once again submitted his resignation from the Assembly in protest against what he called the state government's bias against his constituency in the allocation of funds.Recently, CM N Kiran Kumar had allocated development funds for some select constituencies represented by Congress MLAs. Terming the decision as vindictive, Bose tendered his resignation on Friday. Bose handed over the resignation letter to Speaker Nadendla Manohar.\"You are not supposed to punish the people of my constituency just because I am moving with YSR Congress leader YS Jaganmohan Reddy,\" Bose told the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11933585", "title": "Congress hampering state\u2019s development: Mayawati", "text": "KANPUR: Chief minister Mayawati said that the state government had launched several developmental schemes and programmes for the upliftment of the people but there was no support from the Congress government at the Centre. \"Because of this, we were unable to carry out development of the state in the way we want. Whatever we have done, it is through the money generated through our own resources,\" she added.\"When our people go to other states in search for jobs, they receive step-motherly treatment at the hands of the natives of those states. It is because of the wrong policies of Congress during their regime of 40 long years in the state that youth remained unemployed and they still are unemployed,\" she said while addressing a huge rally in Koyla Nagar on Friday evening.Lambasting the opposition, she said: \"Since the day we have come into power in the state, the parties in opposition have together tried to malign the image of both the Bahujan Samaj Party and the state government. Various charges are levelled against our government in the state.\"\"The charges of corruption against our government are false and baseless. We got corruption in succession from our predecessors. Corruption is a social evil and this evil has been affecting our government as well,\" Mayawati said.The Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party and others have not taken any action against corrupt persons during their regimes. In the past 31 months, 62 scams have surfaced before the country in the regime of Congress at the centre. Scams of Rs 20 lakh crore have taken place which was actually tax payers money, she said further. \"During Samajwadi Party regime in UP, food scam and police recruitment scam took place. In BJP's present regime in Karnataka mining scam surfaced. In seven years of rule of Congress at the Centre, several scams emerged before the country. Not only this, BJP has done nothing for bringing black money back to the country during the NDA regime,\" Mayawati said.Speaking on the issue of black money, Maya said that it seems that the leaders of these political parties have deposited black money in foreign banks and therefore, they do not want to bring this money back to country. It was Supreme Court which finally interfered into the matter and expressed its anguish.Hitting out at media for creating anti-BSP scene in the state, Mayawati said that media has also done its job of presenting a negative picture of the government before the people. \"You people (pointing towards crowd) should come out of your houses on the polling date to vote even if its rains or you have some problem at your end so as to give your reply to the all the opposition parties,\" she said.Maya said, \"We do not roll out manifesto during elections because we do not believe in speaking more and making tall promises, rather we believe in performing through our actions. It is because of this reason we did not release our manifesto even this time.\"The other political parties release their manifestos to woo the voters by making promises that are actually never fulfilled. \"This is what they are doing now also but I would like to appeal that do not believe in their words and to be alert especially from Congress as it is trying to misguide you,\" she added.Lambasting Congress over its rule in the state, the chief minister said that in the 40 years of its rule in the state, neither poverty could be eradicated nor could jobs be created. \"How will they (Congress) be able to remove poverty and unemployment from the state in next five years?\" she questioned.The BSP, on the other hand, believes in 'Sarvajan Hitayae Sarvajan Sukhaye' and work for the upliftment of people of every segment, said she.\"If you vote Samajwadi Party to power, the criminals and goons will rule the state. It will become difficult for women to step out of their homes. If you vote Congress to power, it would give you poverty and unemployment and this would happen due to foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail sector. The FDI would close small shops and business houses in the state,\" Mayawati said.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933388", "title": "\u2018Teachers must ignite young minds\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Teachers should \"radiate knowledge\" and \"ignite the minds of the youth and give them the confidence to think beyond\", believes former president APJ Abdul Kalam Azad.\"Knowledge is creativity, righteousness, courage and indomitable spirit. The combination of these characteristics can generate enlightened citizens,\" he said at a lecture on 'Aspiring for Deeper Humanness in Society' at the Children's Foundation School on Friday.\"For enabling the empowerment of students,what is needed is the teacher to love teaching. The teacher becomes a great teacher only when he or she is able to lift the average student to deliver an excellent performance through special teaching techniques. The teacher has to fill his or her mind with great thoughts and spread the nobility in thinking and action,\" said Kalam.With a speech laced with motivation and inspiration, Kalam drew loud applause from the audience. He shared many a personal experience as a teacher and narrated his interactions with students over the years. He felt that students today are stressed out and education is not giving them the confidence to think beyond. Reciting the poem 'I will fly', Kalam stressed on the need to instill confidence in students at the very onset of the student life, beginning from primary education.\"The teacher should realize that the youth is the most powerful resource on the earth, above the earth and under the earth. Teachers mould the lives they influence. Lessons learned from teachers remain with their students throughout life. Teachers need to break barriers and reach the souls of the students,\" he said.Later in the day, Kalam spoke on leadership qualities at the CII Suresh Neotia Centre of Excellence for Leadership. \"Problem should not become your master, but you have to become the master of the problem. Industries need leaders with ethics and leadership qualities for the 21st century,\" he said.While interacting with the students, Kalam said: \"A leader must have vision, should have nobility in management and leaders should work with integrity and succeed with integrity,\" adding that students should follow four qualities - great aims, continuously acquiring knowledge, hard work and perseverance - to become a great leader.He also said that great books, great teachers and great human beings are the three best friends of a student. Talking about the country, Kalam said that India will transcend into an economically developed nation by 2020. \"For this, the GDP growth of the country should be 10% and this growth should be maintained,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "the shiv sena-bjp, which has ruled the bmc for the last 16 years, needs to step up its performance to save the city from terminal decline. clara lewis of toi lists a 10-point agenda to ensure a better quality of life for mumbai's citizens", "code": "11932484", "title": "Civic polls: What Mumbai needs", "text": "The Shiv Sena-BJP, which has ruled the BMC for the last 16 years, needs to step up its performance to save the city from terminal decline. Clara Lewis of TOI lists a 10-point agenda to ensure a better quality of life for Mumbai's citizens:1. Tell Me My Home Is Legal: Bring in transparency in the building proposal department, the only one that's not computerised. Revive the system where building proposals were cleared online and citizens would have been able to view approved plans and make informed decisions while purchasing property.2. Preserve Open Spaces: Do away with the caretaker policy under which a third party is given a reserved open space, part of which it exploits commercially and pays BMC to maintain the rest. Develop and maintain gardens with the help of citizens' groups and NGOs, but without any quid pro quo. Funding should come from the civic budget-it won't cost much, and in any case, the BMC hasn't utilized over Rs 20,000 crore of the funds allotted to it in the last five years.3. Clean Up Bad Bids: Dodgy contractors often undercut big, reputed companies by bidding way below what is realistic, and then either deliver substandard quality or ask for cost escalation. Penalties incorporated in the tender must be in line with project cost. For instance, road developers are now made to pay penalties of a few thousands on projects costing hundreds of crores.4. Can We Have Decent Roads? If the Sena-BJP want to show its commitment to the city then our roads need to reflect it. Related to Point No. 3.5. Shut Doors On Blacklisted Contractors: Do not allow contractors who are blacklisted to return under new company names.6. Look Before You Dig: Large parts of BMC run on an ad hoc basis. It must be made mandatory for every department to plan a year in advance. Departments such as water, sewerage, storm water drains and roads must coordinate with phone, power and other utility companies so that when roads are planned to be improved in an area there is a holistic approach. This would ensure that underground utilities are placed before a road is built/repaired to avoid endless rounds of digging and inconvenience to residents.7. Let The Water Flow: Water is becoming a crisis, and the 'tanker mafia' is the biggest beneficiary. The promise to commission the Middle Vaitarna water supply project by March 2012 must be kept. Repair and rehabilitation of old water mains must be expedited. Remove hutments on water mains.8. Read The Writing on the Wall: BMC spends about Rs 1,800 crore on municipal schools, or about Rs 40,000 per student per year. That's more than what a lot of private schools spend. But quality of teaching is pathetic-when teachers turn up in class. And dropout rate is very high.9. Plan For The Public Domain: Ensure the draft Development Plan is ready in time and is given wide publicity to allow for maximum public participation and debate. It needs to be discussed threadbare in the BMC general body and passed in time.10. Boost The City's Health: More public hospitals in the suburbs where the bulk of the population is moving. The BMC should equip its healthcare centres with basic technology like CT and MRI machines. Also, the city needs more widespread and aggressive management of infectious diseases such as malaria and TB. The BMC has nothing on cancer care, despite the high burden of the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934086", "title": "IIM-A students foraying into uncharted territory this year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, have touched a new horizon this time. From playing corporate managers of the financial sector, the IIMA students this time took to unchartered territory like mediating acquisitions, mergers and also selling social media games.This marks a definite change of hats for the students of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A) this year.This year, according to IIMA sources, the institute had approached more domestic players and companies in core sectors like FMCG, energy and consulting. \"Earlier students would keep jobs with domestic postings as their last option. But since the last one year, the pay packages for domestic jobs are as lucrative as international offers. More than 180 students have been already placed but this year financial institutions have recruited less during placement and more by extending pre-placements offers,\" said a student.Cluster 2 of IIMA placements consisted of five cohorts - FMCG marketing, business development, general management, financial services and technology consulting. The day had the presence of first time recruiters like San Francisco-based social gaming giant Zynga which extended offers to the students. Technology major IBM visited the campus and made more than 20 offers to the students during the day.On the other hand only three international investment banks including Credit Suisse, JP Morgan and HSBC , participated in the cluster-2 of the final placement at IIM-A. Students of the B-school received only 10 offers from these recruiters. Until last year finance sector made the highest number of recruiters at the institute's campus. Last year there were 94 offers from the sector.\"After the downfall of Lehman Brothers the writing was on the wall. B-schools around the world had sensed that post 2009 international banks will not remain as aggressive during placements. This year, the institute had in fact approached more domestic players and companies in core sectors like FMCG, energy and consulting,\" said a senior IIM-A professor.IIM-A faculties said that the strategy worked wonders for the institute as it was consulting companies and first-time recruiters who led the momentum during the cluster 2 placements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933289", "title": "City laid out in size zero", "text": "MYSORE: A nano-sized model of Mysore Railway Station, a heritage building, popular tourist spots in Mysore city, and tourist destinations of Mysore, Mandya and Kodagu districts, called the Model Railroad Layout, was inaugurated on platform 1 at Mysore station. It is modeled along the lines of Hamburg's Miniature Wunderland, a first of its kind for Indian Railways.It introduces tourists to train routes and popular spots such as Mysore Palace, St Philomena's Church, Chamundi Hills, Krishnaraja Sagar Dam, Mysore Zoo and Abbey Falls -- all in miniature form.The model is created on 10 ft x15 ft space inside the Mysore Heritage Gallery, set up by the Railways at the station. There are working models of six trains in Mysore, Mandya and Kodagu districts; two of which are hauled by vintage steam locomotives running through tunnels and up hills, with half-a-dozen coaches in each train. Some items are handmade and others are imported. Bridges, tunnels, underpasses, everything is in place, as are nearly 2,000 trees.Swaminathan Ramji, an engineer who is now a metal and woodwork designer, created the model. Ramji, who owns a firm which creates models, is an avid traveller and rail enthusiast. He collected models from the US, UK and other European nations, and finally created his own masterpiece. It is made of metal, plaster of Paris, fibre, and some materials are imported, said Ramji. He has contributed at least Rs 6 lakh towards the project, which cost Rs 12 lakh.Dr Anup Dayanand Sadhu, senior divisional commercial manager, Mysore division, South Western Railway, said the miniature models of tunnels, Mysore Palace, KRS Dam, roads, bridges, houses, loading of iron ore at mines, an imaginary narrow gauge railway track in Kodagu district passing through hills and coffee estates, Coorg railway station and Sri Chamarajendra Zoological Gardens are almost real.A miniature Golden Chariot also runs on the track. And as in real railway stations, there are models of track, signal equipment, signal stations, petrol pumps, platforms, signal cabins and a parking lot. The miniature train starts from Mysore Railway Station and covers all the places in 10-15 minutes. The entire layout is lit with nearly 500 LED lights so it can be operated even during the night -- everything from the whistle of a locomotive to the honk of a vehicle is digitally created.Former MP H Vishwanath inaugurated the model. He lauded Mysore railway division, and highlighted the contribution of Krishnaraja Wadiyar, who he said was instrumental in shaping Mysore and bringing the railway track to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11934261", "title": "Satpur division poll battles throw up some surprises", "text": "NASHIK: It was a day of shocks and surprises in the Satpur division of the NMC on Friday, with some very unexpected results. Having won the NMC election from Satpur in four consecutive terms, Ashok Gavli was shown the door by voters from ward 19 of the Satpur division. Salim Shaik of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (5564 votes) defeated Ashok Gavli of Shiv Sena (2611 votes) by a margin of over 2,900 votes. These results have apparently brought curtains to the political life of Ashok Gavli, according to many residents of Satpur. The tussle between Dinkar Patil and Sadashiv Mali in ward 17 of the division proved to be a one-sided affair as Patil won by a landslide. got 7434 votes, followed by Sangle of MNS who got 3788 votes and Sadashiv Mali of NCP only 1516 votes.Patil's wife Lata also won the election from ward 17. Surekha Nagre of the MNS won from ward 18 and sitting corporator Shashi Jadhav also won from the same ward. Meanwhile, Prakash Londe of RPI won from ward 20, defeated close rival Prakash Nigal who got 2334 votes. Sitting corporator Suvarna Morade (SS) was defeated by MNS candidate Usha Shelke. In ward 50 Nandini Jadhav and Sachin Bhor (both of CPM) won the election. Meanwhile the CPM's sitting corporator, Vasudha Karad, lost the election from ward 18.Nashik Road division: Sitting corporators Maya Dive (Congress) and Dinkar Adhav (NCP) lost their seats unexpectedly to Shiv Sena candidates Mangala Adhav and Shailesh Dhage respectively in ward 32. Adhav was a four-time corporator who began his political career as the sarpanch of Dasak at the age of 25 while Dive had a good record in her ward. Another surprising element was the victory of Independent candidate Pawan Pawar (formerly in the NCP), who was externed but procured a clean chit from the High Court. He got 2615 votes from ward 35 defeating Surendra Shejwal (MNS) who got 1487 votes.First timer Komal Mehroliya (Shiv Sena), daughter of outgoing corporator Pratap Mehroliya, won the seat in ward 55. Advocate Shivaji Sahane (Shiv Sena) defeated Vikram Kadam (MNS) and outgoing standing committee chairman Ranjit Nagarkar (Independent, earlier in the Sena). Sahane got 2570 votes, Kadam 2444 and Nagarkar 1303. This ward was said to be highly competitive.Shiv Sena candidate Satyabhama Gadekar lost her seat to first timer, Congress candidate Vaishali Bhagwat, wife of outgoing corporator Shivaji Bhagwat. Vaishali Bhagwat secured 4643 votes while Gadekar got 2637 votes in ward 57. Vaishali said that she won only because her husband had done good work.RPI (A) candidate Sunil Wagh and NCP candidate Vaishali Dani won ward 58 with 2934 and 1811 votes respectively. Dani, who contested and lost last two elections, was in tears at her victory and she expressed gratitude to the people and her party bigwigs. Dani had lost the last election by barely 200 votes. She said that she will fulfil all the developmental projects that she had in her mind all these years. As expected, outgoing mayor Naina Gholap and Suryakant Lavate, both Sena candidates, won the seats in ward 60. Suman Londhe of the Congress was Gholap's opponent, while Lavate's opponent was Rais Shaikh of the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933750", "title": "First-time voter is also a first-time corporator", "text": "PUNE: Twenty two-year-old Sonam Mayur Zende, who won the civic election on Shiv Sena ticket from panel 39 KEM Hospital area, is probably the youngest winner. \"My name appeared in the voter list for the first time, I voted for first time and that too for myself, and won in my first attempt,\" a beaming Sonam said.Asked about the major issues she will be working on in the next five years, Sonam said, \"Creating self-employment for women from my ward, making the area garbage-free and good drainage lines will be some of my priorities in the next five years.\"A resident of Rasta Peth, Sonam is an external student of third year BA course. Mayur, her husband, who owns a travel agency in Shivajinagar, has been ward unit chief of Shiv Sena for the last 12 years.Twenty six-year-old Yogesh Shrikant Mokate, another first timer from Shiv Sena, from panel no 33 Dahanukar Colony, said, \"Resolving chaotic vehicular traffic, increasing frequency of the PMPML buses and promoting segregation of domestic garbage at source will be some of my priorities. Besides, I will also set up gyms for youths and recreation centres for the elderly.\" Yogesh is pursuing the masters in law.Dattatray Pawar of MNS, who won from Model Colony (ward no 12), said, \"Erratic water supply and piling up of garbage are the major issues of this locality. I would like to streamline the water supply. In some societies, water supply is at low pressure causing inconvenience to the people, mainly senior citizens. I will ensure smooth water supply. The piling up of garbage will be solved by giving personal attention.\"Anil Rane of MNS, who won from Nal Stop (ward no 36), said, \"Citizens in the locality are concerned about garbage and traffic issues. I would like to make some difference here and provide facilities like more garbage bins and speedy garbage clearance. Allotting proper parking space would ease the traffic problem to some extent.\"Eom//md", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "shakti nagar", "code": "11934314", "title": "Mind it! Tiny tots Know it all", "text": "SHAKTI NAGAR: Labdi Jain of Gurdev Nagar might be only three years old but on Friday she put many adults to shame, explaining through a collage why junk food needs to be kept away. And she was not the only toddler campaigning for grave causes.The exhibition organized by Children Valley School in Shakti Nagar, saw many kids putting up projects, craft items, charts, collages, songs and skits on various themes ranging from 'No to junk food,' 'plant life' and 'who gives us milk,' among others. As parents moved from one display to the other, the kids explained what they were exhibiting.''I showed pictures of junk food and healthy food and told everyone about the harmful effects of junk food because of which it should not be eaten,'' said Labdi. As the crowd marvelled at Labdi's cute ways, her mother Shruti Jain beamed with joy. ''I was very happy to see Labdi's awareness level,\" she said.BRS Nagar-resident Jaisidak Singh was dressed like a milkman and told people how everyone gets the essential commodity that is used in every household. Appreciating the school for organizing such activities, his mother Harleen Kaur said it provides practical knowledge.Ashleen Jain of BRS Nagar had prepared a model on parts of plant. ''I also explained how plants make their own food,\" she said, while her mom Ritu patted her back proudly for making tough concepts ''sound easy.\"The school's academic coordinator Bindiya Chaudhry said, ''These kids had been preparing for one-and-half-months for this exhibition which included excursions to diary farm, florists, a field walk to Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) and also a trip to a supermarket to see different kinds of nutritious food.\"Shivani Chaudhry, who is also an academic coordinator, said, ''Mothers have to be smart to persuade their children to eat more fruits and vegetables. Like in a bowl of cereals add banana slices for eyes, raisins as nose, peach or apple slices for the mouth and you have both a healthy and good-looking dish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11939048", "title": "Court takes cognizance of NIA chargesheet against David Headley", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday took cognizance of the NIA chargesheet against Pakistani-American David Coleman Headley and eight others for allegedly carrying out several terror attacks in India.The court has issued process to procure the presence of four accused, including Headley and his Pakistani-Canadian accomplice Tahawwur Rana for March 13.Besides the four, the court has issued non bailable warrants returnable for March 13, against the other five accused named in the charge sheet.The special NIA Judge H S Sharma had reserved its order on February 4 after hearing arguments of NIA on the charge sheet.The NIA had accused 51-year-old Headley, Rana, Lashker-e- Taiba founder Hafiz Saeed and six others for planning and executing terror strikes in India, including the 26/11 Mumbai attack.Earlier, the NIA had told the court that Headley's wife had congratulated him for the success of the November 26 terror attack in Mumbai.The agency said his wife had e-mailed Headley saying \"he has graduated and she was proud of him\" and that she had watched the show (attack) for the whole day.The NIA prosecutor had said Headley did dry runs of several places in India before the 26/11 Mumbai attack and he had also gone to Pakistan several times where he also met Pakistan Army official Major Iqbal, co-accused in the case.The NIA had on December 24 last year filed the voluminous chargesheet against Headley, Rana, Saeed and others.Headley and Rana are at present in the custody of the US authorities and the NIA has only got a limited access to Headley who had entered into plea bargain with US authorities to escape harsh sentence.Besides Major Iqbal, the NIA has also named another serving Pakistani Army officer, Major Sameer Ali, believed to be working for ISI along with Iqbal, in the chargesheet.Al-Qaeda operative Illyas Kashmiri, Headley's handler Sajid Malik and former Pakistani Army officer Abdul Rehman Hashmi were also named in the chargesheet for waging war against India and under other relevant sections of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.The NIA had initially registered a case against Headley and Rana but after a thorough probe, seven other names were included in the case.The agency said Headley's role in several terror strikes in the country was detailed in the chargesheet.The chargesheet, which was filed after two years of probe by the central agencies, contained statements of 134 witnesses along with 210 documents and 106 e-mails.The court also heard NIA's arguments on an application under section 166A of the CrPC, seeking permission for a letter of request to the competent authority for investigation in Morocco.The chargesheet mentions the fake plea made by Rana to Indian authorities about Headley being a representative of his Immigration Law Centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936853", "title": "It's Mallika v/s Sameera", "text": "Tezz makers have a tiff over an item number. Director wants Sameera, producer backs MallikaBehind every big war, there had been a woman. Be it the epical war between Ram and Ravana over Sita, or the Trojan war over Helen. The recent fracas on the sets of Priyadarshan's directorial Tezz can also be attributed to ladies in the project. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that producer Ratan Jain and director Priyadarshan have had a fall-out over an item number (read item girls) in the film.According to a source close to the project, Priyadarshan though not happy with Jain's idea to include an item number, had given in to the decision. It was scheduled to be shot over two days - February 27 and 28 with two ladies Sameera Reddy and Mallika Sherawat . While Priyan was insistent on casting only Sameera in the song, Jain wanted his favourite Mallika.The 'debate' over the two divas went out of hand, and Priyan told Jain that he wouldn't direct the song in question. As a result, the shoot has now been postponed by two days. Confirming that the shoot is now scheduled for Feb 29, Jain said, \"Whether Sameera does the song or Mallika is irrelevant. I don't insist. I only do what is best for my film. Priyan and I did have a discussion. However, he never said that he only wanted Sameera in the picture.\"\"Priyan will not direct the song that'll have Mallika. He had told me that he won't be available beyond February 15,\" added Jain.While Sameera remained unavailable for comment, her friend called up to say, \"Ratan is not too fond of Sameera. She fears that the entire focus would be on Mallika.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934534", "title": "DAV students' 'Sankalp' saves life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sankalp, a charitable student run association of DAV College-10, donated funds for the treatment of a three-month-old heart patient Harkirath at PGI, on Friday. This group of DAV students has been helping critically ill children who can't afford treatment. \"Sankalp has direct channels of donation to PGIMER, Chandigarh, to ensure utilization of funds,\" said Mrigya, a group member.Set up on November 1, 2006 by Harpriya Kaur and few other students of the college, Sankalp conducts events to celebrate specials occasions and festivals with the underprivileged. \"Harkirath's father, a truck driver, has spend his entire earning over his child's treatment. We extended help to support her family in this difficult phase and wished her a bright future,\" added Mrigya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11933586", "title": "Family attempts suicide, girl dead", "text": "KANNUR: A 48-year-old man allegedly strangled his 18-year-old daughter to death when she refused to take poison, before attempting to commit suicide along with his wife and another daughter. However, all the remaining three survived the suicide attempt committed in the wee hours on Friday in the Chokli police station limits in the district.According to police, Sadanandan, a resident of Kanjirakkadavu locality, gave fruit juice mixed with poison to all the family members including his wife Bharathi (41) and daughters Arya and Gayathri. When Arya refused to take it, he allegedly strangled her, said police. She was a first year BCom student in a private college in Thalassery.However, Sadanandan later informed some of his family members about the incident, who came to the house around 1.30 am, and took all of them to the Indira Gandhi hospital in Thalassery, where Arya was declared dead. The relatives found Sadanandan lying unconscious in a partially constructed house nearby, said police. All the three are out of danger, they added.Police said, though he confessed that he gave poison to all and strangled his daughter, the reason behind the incident will be revealed only after detailed interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11934498", "title": "Cong repeats feat in ZP polls too", "text": "AMRAVATI: Like the Amravati municipal corporation, Congress swept the zilla parishad polls too by winning 25 seats out of 59. With NCP securing 7 seats, if Congress makes an alliance with the NCP, they would once again established power on ZP.In the last term for 2.5 years, NCP had made alliance with Shiv Sena and another independent party Prahar. However, in the remaining 2.5 years, NCP joined hands with Congress, selecting Aniruddha Deshmukh alias Bablu as president of ZP and Santosh Mahatme as vice-president. As winning ZP polls was a prestige issue for Deshmukh, he made it this time. Deshmukh won from Kurha. Another NCP heavy weight who won is Surekha Thakre who had contested from Asegoan Purna. Son of former MLA Nareshchandra Thakre of Congress, Vikram contested from Warud taluka and won. Stalwart of Shiv Sena Balasaheb Bhagvat's wife lost while former chairperson Ramdas Nistane too lost in ZP.Shiv Sena secured 7 seats, BJP garnered 10, Prahar got 5 seats, BSP got 2 seats, Vidarbha Jansangram got 2 seats and RPI secured one seat in ZP polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932277", "title": "Professional courses to cost more", "text": "HYDERABAD: Professional college education in the state is all set to become dearer. About 400 colleges in the state have come up with a revised fee structure that would take care of the additional financial burden brought on them by the sixth pay commission's salary recommendations for teaching and non-teaching staff.Engineering (B.Tech and M.Tech), Pharmacy (B.Pharm and M.Pharm), MBA and MCA courses are thus looking at a substantial fee hike.As per a Supreme Court directive, issued on February 2 this year, colleges are eligible to go for a fee hike commensurate with the extra financial burden they will incur when implementing the sixth pay commission recommendations.The apex court had directed the state government and regulatory body Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee (AFRC), to look into the drawing up of a new fee structure. About 400 colleges from the state have submitted their hike plans, which the AFRC will scrutinize over the coming two weeks.While the average fees for engineering and pharmacy courses at the undergraduate level is Rs 50,200 per student, colleges have submitted proposals that may take up the tuition to Rs 88,000. Similarly, in the case of MBA and MCA colleges, average fees are expected to increase from Rs 42,300 to 80,335 per student per annum.The M.Pharm fee structure should go from Rs 1.44 lakh per annum to Rs 1.82 lakh per annum with the M.Pharm-D fees likely to increase from the current average of Rs 94,100 to Rs 1.32 lakh per annum. The M.Tech course fee is expected to jump from Rs 77,400 to Rs 1.15 lakh.Of the 400 colleges that have applied to have their fees hiked, about 50 have submitted all records, including balance sheets for the financial year 2009 to 2012. About 350 colleges which had submitted similar records to the AFRC in 2011 have written to the state government asking it to consider their previous records while implementing the hike.College managements said that the state government would have to implement revised fee structures from the coming academic year.\"The SC has already asked the state to respond to our long-standing demand for increasing fees. The government, through AFRC, would have to submit its report to the SC at the next hearing in the matter, slated for March 22,\" said KVK Rao, a college management representative.The additional burden on students pursuing professional courses will be a minimum Rs 37,700 per year starting next year.The fee hike will also impact the state government's coffers as about 70% in the meritorious students category are beneficiaries of the fee reimbursement scheme.\"The additional burden on government for engineering and pharmacy courses alone would be over Rs 3,000 crore,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933655", "title": "Vijaya Mehta to open Vasundhara film fest", "text": "PUNE: Veteran stage and film actor Vijaya Mehta will inaugurate the sixth edition of the Kirloskar Vasundhara International Film Festival that will be held in the city from February 18 to 26.The prestigious Vasundhara awards will be conferred upon filmmaker Krishnendu Bose, activist Babulal Gandhi, city-based organisation ARTI and green teacher Erach Bharucha. This will be followed by a special audio-visual show by environmental activist and writer Bittu Sehgal on 'Communicating Climate Change and Conservation Through Films'.Other awardees include journalist Bahar Dutt and Ecological Society of India's Prakash Gole, who will be given the lifetime achievement award. Arti Kulkarni will receive the Ramnath Goenka Award as this year's best eco journalist on February 22.The Vasundhara Sanman will be awarded to environmentalist-activist Sunita Narain in the presence of the chief guest, actor Anupam Kher , during the closing ceremony of the festival on February 26. This will be followed by a special audio-visual lecture by Narain.The festival will be held at Balgandharva Rangmandir and Ishanya Mall.Organised by Club Vasundhara and Kirloskar in association with Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) Indradhanyush, the festival is travelling to 25 cities in seven states.\"This year, we have increased the scale of the festival by 50% and we have around 250 experts visiting the festival as awardees, speakers and jury members. We also have a record number of films that will be screened,\" said festival co-director Virendra Chitrav, during a press conference here on Wednesday.With more than 120 national and internationally acclaimed short films and documentaries from over 25 countries, the film festival will also include a special category 'My Marathi' for filmmakers from Maharashtra.An exclusive photography exhibition will be inaugurated by Sehgal on the evening of February 18. A special workshop on wild life and nature photography by head of Wildlife Conservation Trust Anish Andheria and wildlife activist Kiran Purandare is also in the offing. The festival will open with 'A Pestering Journey,' an award-winning film by KR Manoj on the harmful effects of pesticides on human life.Among the other highlights of the festival are retrospectives on the works by renowned filmmaker from UK Harry Marshall and India's Krishnendu Bose; tributes with screening of the film 'Taking Roots' on the work done by Nobel laureate Wangari Maathai; film screenings on the lives of Indian tribals and their contribution to nature conservation through their traditional practices and four green conferences.An exclusive session on e-waste will be inaugurated by computer expert Achyut Godbole, who will also deliver a lecture on the global e-waste problem. It will include an appeal to citizens for e-waste collection followed by a presentation by SWaCH.\"Issues like e-waste and sustainability are important and can reach a larger number of people via this festival. The subject should be seriously discussed to arrive upon solutions. So for the PMC, which is working on these issues, this festival is a big platform,\" said Naresh Zurmure, additional commissioner, PMC.Allied activities include 'Walk for Sustainability' in and around Pune - Mandai, Lakaki lake, Tambat Aali, Urali Devachi, Aga Khan Palace, Raste Wada and 'taalims' of Pune; workshops on 'My Encounter With Film-making' by Bose; 'Panchtatva Harmony' - a workshop for citizens on exploring the elements in nature by Madhav Gadgil and Bharucha and 'Sustainable Lifestyle' for women.The festival is replete with audio-visual lectures, open forums, exhibition of eco-friendly products, the Commitment Tree and slogan competition and 'Hirwai', a special cultural programme presented and directed by Chandrakant Kale. The festival will conclude with the screening of the film 'Rain Forest - The Secret of Life' by David Warth that is based on the isolated rain forest in Queensland, New South Wales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11932623", "title": "CM can't ignore rape claim: CPM", "text": "KOLKATA: The CPM on Friday ridiculed CM Mamata Banerjee for saying that the car-rape complaint was fabricated to malign her government.\"This is a symptom of paranoia,\" CPM central committee member Md Salim said.The CPM statement came on a day police questioned Farooq Halim, the young son of former assembly Speaker Hashim Abdul Halim, in connection with the case.Salim pointed out that Farooq was not a CPM member. \"Is he (Farooq) named anywhere in the complaint, FIR or as an accused? Is his name being reported in the case only because he is Hasim Abdul Halim's son? He isn't even associated with the party. The elder son (Fuad) was our party's candidate (in the 2011 polls),\" Salim said.Remarking that Mamata was \"seeing red everywhere\", Salim said, \"In the morning she sees red in the newspapers. After reading a news item, she turns red. Even in her dreams she sees the ghost of CPM. Throughout the day, the CM and her team see conspiracy everywhere.\"He pointed out that the CM has been alleging conspiracy in everything, from the hooch tragedy and crib deaths to farmer suicides and the AMRI Hospital fire. \"She should realise that she is no more in the opposition, that she is the leader of the state,\" Salim said.If any woman complains of rape, the government must immediately begin investigation and conduct medical tests, he said, \"it is not the business of the media, or any political leader, or the chief minister or the commissioner of police to rubbish the complaint,\" the CPM leader remarked.Salim said there was a Supreme Court directive that in such cases, the victim must not be subjected to character-assassination and the investigation must not be influenced. \"So, the commissioner of police, sitting at the police headquarters, or the chief minister in the seat of power cannot blame, cast aspersions on the victim or import motive, till the investigation process is complete,\" he said.Was the reported involvement of former Assembly speaker Hasim Abdul Halim's younger son Farooq in the Park Street rape case prompted chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her cabinet colleague Madan Mitra smell a \"conspiracy\" behind it? Even as police examined Farooq during the day, his role - including his association with the victim - continued to remain blurred. Farooq refused to speak to ToI when contacted.Farooq's role appeared after it came to light that the victim immediately after the incident had given him a missed call - her first attempt to seek help. This prompted Farooq to call her back and speak for nearly 26 minutes and escort her home. Farooq's role appeared more intriguing after it came to light, that he can have business dealings with the victim at one point even lending her Rs 1.5 lakh to start a call-centre business. A senior Trinamool Congress leader hinted that Farooq has played a crucial role in cooking up this story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934087", "title": "Target-crazy babus sterilize MP tribals", "text": "BHOPAL: After Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan declared 2012 as the year of family planning, some district collectors seem to have tossed the rule book to the winds to meet their targets.Such has been the zeal among the officials to bring more and more people under the scalpel that they are luring and misguiding protected tribals with dwindling population into sterilization. From aanganwadi workers to tehsildars and village 'patwaris', everyone is out to lure tribals with monetary gain of Rs 1,100 as an incentive. The Vanwasi Kalyan Parishad on Friday threatened a state-wide protest if the government did not stop this programme and act against officials responsible for this outrage.For instance, Betul in southern MP has 10 development blocks of which six are tribal dominated. Two of these tribes, Gonds and Korkus, are designated 'primitive', whose numbers have dwindled by 11% over the last decade. Alarmed with this drive, DP Uike, president of Vanwasi Kalyan Parishad, told TOI, \"The numbers of both Gond and Korku tribes have gone down because of high rate of infant mortality. Most infants die before the age of five. These tribes are also affected by lack of medical facilities. Then why this family planning? Ninety percent of sterilisation in this district has been done on tribals.\"At this rate, the primitive tribes of Gonds and Korkus would soon become extinct, Uike said. Repeated attempts to get a comment from district collector Chandrasekhar Borkar over the phone did not elicit a response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11934412", "title": "Hung House in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: No political party or an alliance could get a simple majority in the 73-member Akola Municipal Corporation as the poll results were declared on Friday afternoon.Party-wise wins:Congress (18), NCP (5), BJP (18), SS (8), BRP-BMS Sanyukta Vikas Aghadi (7), United Democratic Front (2), Akola Vikas Aghadi (2), Samajwadi Party (1), MNS (1) and Independents (11).Prominent winnersCity Congress chief and former mayor Madan Bhargad won the election by a slender margin of 6 votes. Congress candidates Abdul Jabbar, Haji Aziz Pahelwan and Sajid Khan Pathan also got elected. About 37 of 251 women candidates were elected leading to an almost female-dominated house.About 36 of 266 male candidates in the fray were elected. The 73-member house has one female member more than the male counterparts. Moreover, the mayor's post has now been reserved for scheduled caste woman.BJP-Shiv Sena alliance (26) has to garner the support of 11 independents from the ruling alliance in the house. The situation is tricky as Congress-NCP alliance has won 23 seats.Prominent losersSuresh Patil (Congress), mayor of superseded AMC house; Dr Zishan Hussain (Congress), son of senior Congress leader Azhar Hussain; former minister Pawan Padiya who was expelled; BJP leader Dr Kishor Malokar, Mahadeorao Bundele (PWP) and Nikhilesh Divekar (Congress) ex-deputy mayor.Mayoral postKaruna Ingle of BJP, Vaishali Manwatkar and Jyotsna Gawai, both of BRP-BMS and Madhuri Meshram (Independent) are prominent contenders for the mayoral post which is reserved for scheduled caste woman corporator.Three couples enter AMCThree out of 5 couples who contested the election got elected. Sunil Meshram and his wife Madhuri (both independents), Sanjay Badone and his wife Madhuri (both independents) and Vijay Agrawal and his wife Sunanda (Akola Vikas Aghadi) were elected. Sangita, wife of former mayor and city Congress chief Madan Bhargad and Jagjit Singh Virak, husband of Usha Virak, a prominent Congress woman leader, were defeated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11937645", "title": "EC notice to Beni Prasad Verma for remarks over Muslim quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission on Saturday issued notice to Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma over his remarks on sub-quota for minorities, holding that prima facie it was a violation of the model code of conduct and sought his reply by Monday evening.Verma is the second Union minister after law minister Salman Khurshid who has been issued notice from the poll body for poll code violation over the sub-quota remarks.The commission, which examined the video recordings of Verma's speech at a rally in Farrukhabad in UP, said it \"is prima facie satisfied\" that the steel minister, \"by making the aforesaid statements, has violated the aforesaid provisions of the model code of conduct\".The EC notice further states, \"It is evident from the above statements of Shri Beni Prasad Verma that he was well aware that by making such utterances, he was violating the model code of conduct and yet he deliberately and wilfully did the same.\"The commission asked Verma to explain his position by 5pm on February 20, as to why action should not be taken against him for violating the provisions of model code of conduct.In case Verma fails to reply to the notice, the EC will decide the matter without any further reference to him, the notice said.Sources said the Election Commission had taken serious note of his comments, particularly for daring the poll body to take action against him.While addressing a poll rally on Wednesday night in Farukkabad in the presence of Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh and Union law minister Salman Khurshid, Beni had said, \"Reservation for Muslims will be increased and if the EC wants, it can now issue a notice to me.\"Assembly elections 2012 newsUP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932454", "title": "Mira Road locals can dial helpline for auto \u2018harassment\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO has appealed to citizens to complain on the helpline number 1800-22-5335 if autos in the Mira Road-Bhayander belt refuse to ply by the meter. This comes close on the heels of the RTO taking action against 205 errant drivers in the area a couple of days ago.Senior RTO official N K Patil said, \"Our officials have launched a massive crackdown on meter-less autos north of Dahisar. We promise prompt action if citizens lodge complaints.\"The local traffic police, led by DSP Nagesh Lohar, is serious about cracking the whip on meter-less autos. Said Lohar, \"If an auto driver refuses to ply on meter, contact a traffic police official and action will be taken.\"Said a source in the transport commissioner's office, \"The Mumbai auto union had met state transport commissioner V N More and apprised him about the lawlessness in Mira Road, after which the crackdown was ordered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933230", "title": "Morality lessons dished out to BJP corporators", "text": "BANGALORE: At a resort on the outskirts of the city on Friday, BJP corporators sat through some moral science lessons organized by the party. This was just the first round: on February 24-25, BJP legislators will have to go through the same classes, necessitated by Porngate, which left the BJP bosses red-faced.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa, national BJP general secretary H N Ananth Kumar , RSS leader Mukund and ministers R Ashoka and V Somanna played tutor to more than 100 corporators. For the first time, BBMP corporators had a close interaction with Gowda, who told them that BJP patriarch L K Advani started his political career as a corporator and rose to be deputy prime minister.Giving an account of his electoral journey, Gowda told the corporators that he lost the first-ever election he contested as MLA by a slim margin, and won the next election by a similar margin. \"This indicates that people asked me to be careful. You people, as elected representatives, should also be careful at every step,\" he said. The workshop will continue on Saturday, which BJP legislators from Bangalore City have been asked to attend.Meanwhile, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's loyalists met at his residence to discuss whether his birthday, which falls on February 27, should be celebrated on a grand scale or be a low-key affair. They will meet again on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11933407", "title": "Fishermen want three-month ban", "text": "MANGALORE: Fishermen along the coast have asked the state government to extend the monsoon fishing ban on mechanized trawlers from the existing 57 days to 90 days. Traditionally, the ban begins on July 14. They argue that the catch is declining due to excessive use of trawl nets while fishing during the breeding period of June-September. A report prepared by the Mangalore College of Fisheries, in association with Dakshina Foundation, Bangalore, and National Fisheries Development Board, Hyderabad, emphasizes that the fishing ban period be extended in the interest of traditional fishermen of coastal Karnataka.The report, prepared at the recently held three-day workshop for fishermen, points to a considerable decrease in the catch of pink perch, squid, silver fish, threadfin bream, cat fish, crab, seer and pomfret along the state's coasts. \"After trawlers were introduced, the catch of prawns reduced considerably. The karkadi species of prawns was reduced by 90%, while that of tembel by 70% and brown by 65%,\" the report reveals.Professor in fisheries economics, College of Fisheries, Ramachandra Bhatta, who coordinated the workshop, told TOI that overexploitation of resources may the reason for the reduction in catch. \"Since the period between June and September is peak fish breeding phase, it is advisable that the fishing ban be in place for 90 days during that time,\" he added.Research scholar and member of a fisher community S Gunakara said extension of the ban period would help traditional fishermen considerably. \"Generally, mechanized fishing goes on 10 km away from the coast, but many a time, it is not adhered to. Extension of the ban period will definitely help increase fish breeding and the catch, too, will be better,\" he added.Coastal Karnataka Fishermen Action Committee general secretary Vasudeva Boloor said the committee will go through the report and convene a meeting soon. \"It is necessary to protect the interests of traditional fishermen. We will discuss the issue and take an appropriate decision,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936472", "title": "DJs dhamaal at Tantra, The Park", "text": "It was a rocking Valentine's Day at Tantra, The Park, as couples cosied up to some killer music belted out by DJ trio, Joy, Vishal and Hussain.We spotted actor Shaheb, having a great time at the do.The DJs mostly played progressive house and popular Bollywood numbers as revellers took to the dance floor and grooved the night away.Just a few floors above at Aqua, it was time for DJ Dharam to get lovebirds into a romantic mood with soft mushy numbers.While Shashank and Sonika made for a stylish couple, Lyz and Aaron made the most of the evening, enjoying the ambience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11931749", "title": "Battered for taking on mafia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ten days after MCD engineer Ansar Alam was brutally beaten up by goons, an advocate was thrashed by unidentified men for launching a campaign against illegal construction.The lawyer, SK Sharma, 38, had recently filed a petition in the Delhi high court seeking demolition of encroachments in the Chirag Dilli area. The advocate claimed he had been getting threat calls for the past few weeks.\"Delhi Police and MCD have not taken action against the builder mafia, who are carrying out illegal construction in the area. People are adding new floors without permission,\" said Sharma.Sharma was returning home after a hearing at the Saket court when four persons attacked him near Bhagat Singh College. \"They came in a car. I had stopped at a crossing near the college when they attacked me with baseball sticks. Thankfully, I was wearing a helmet, so I did not suffer head injuries,\" said Sharma. Sharma claimed that no one came to his rescue when he was being assaulted. An injured Sharma went to Bhagat Singh College for aid, where his brother is a lecturer. \"The college staff called the police. I was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre in a PCR van,\" said Sharma, who suffered fractures in his left leg and hand.After treatment, his family members and friends rushed him to the high court. A bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw directed the Delhi Police standing counsel Pawan Sharma to ensure that a case under proper penal provisions is registered against the land mafia, allegedly involved in beating up a lawyer. Sharma was brought to the court on a stretcher with one of his legs in cast and assault marks on his body.The victim's mother, accompanied by her younger son Rajeev, told the bench that her elder son was severely beaten up near Bhagat Singh College by \"goons\" against whom he has been fighting a property case in a trial court.She told HC that though her son sustained grievous injuries, the Malviya Nagar police had lodged an FIR under sections entailing mild penal provisions. She accused the police of being hand-in-glove with the offenders. The FIR should have been lodged on more stringent charges like attempt to murder (Section 307 of IPC) and causing grievous injury (326), but police deliberately watered down the charges, his family members said. The family also alleged that no arrest has been made so far despite the victim having named two of his assailants.On the victim's plea, the high court had ordered the Malviya Nagar police to provide protection to him in 2010. However, nothing had been done so far, said his family members.After the court's intervention, the case was transferred to the crime branch of Delhi Police for further investigations. Offences like attempt to commit culpable homicide and causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons under Sections 308 and 326 of the IPC have been acknowledged and added to the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932181", "title": "Cidco plots fetch 650cr, for nearly Rs 1 lakh/sq m", "text": "MUMBAI: Saddled with debts and dropping flat sales, purchasing land at exorbitant prices may be a thing of the past for city developers. But that does not seem to be the case with developers in Navi Mumbai.Two plots of land admeasuring over 9,600 sq m at Sector 8 in Ghansoli - that was auctioned by City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) - were sold for over Rs 9,450 per sq ft (psf) or Rs 1 lakh a sq m. While Satyam Builders quoted Rs 9,450 psf or 1.02 lakh per sq m (psm) for one plot, RNA (Narendra Agrawal) group-owned Om Namo Shivaya quoted Rs 9,400 psf or Rs 1.01 lakh psm for the second plot.This is the second highest bid for lands auctioned by Cidco in a month's time. In early January, Cidco sold a 7,000 sq m-plot admeasuring over 7,000 sq mt in the same sector for a record Rs 1.11 lakh psm. The remaining four plots auctioned on Thursday also received bids ranging from Rs 8,500 psf to Rs 8,900 psf, or Rs 92,000 to Rs 96,000 a sq m. The base price for the total six plots auctioned on Thursday was Rs 25,000 a sq m. Cidco has earned approximately Rs 650 crore by auctioning six plots admeasuring 67,000 sq m, which is three-fourth of Oval Maidan.Unlike the normal practice followed by state agencies to auction numbered plots, the plots auctioned by Cidco were not numbered. Instead, Cidco, after accepting the bid, will ask successful developers to choose the size and plot of his choice. Cidco followed a similar method for plots auctioned in Kharghar in 2008.Property experts and Navi Mumbai builders say the bid is too high. \"One can understand a bid of about Rs 80,000 a sq mt for plots located near the highway. But Rs 1 lakh a sq mt is too much. Especially, when there is encroachment and crematoriums near the two plots. The rate is also not justified when one considers that flat sales have plummeted due to high prices by about 15% and there is no development up to 2 km of these plots,'' said a developer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933406", "title": "Nitin Gadkari may get second term as BJP chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari is likely to lead the party in the 2014 parliamentary elections, even as his tenure ends before that. Gadkari, who hails from Nagpur and was a surprise candidate to take over as party chief after Rajnath Singh in December 2010, is backed solidly by the RSS. The Sangh has been pushing for Gadkari's extension to ensure that he heads the party when it goes into the 2014 parliamentary elections. Recently, the Sangh, it is learnt, made it clear to the BJP top rung that Gadkari would continue as party president even after his present tenure gets over in 2013.To enable Gadkari to continue as party chief, BJP will have to amend its constitution which does not allow two consecutive terms after a three-year tenure of a party president. While even his predecessor Rajnath Singh tried to extend his term, it fell through since the Sangh did not back the idea. In case of Gadkari, who has been working on the Sangh for while, the decision to extend the tenure has been taken.What will have to be decided however is whether the constitution will be amended to make the party president's tenure for five years or whether the party chief will be allowed to continue for a second consecutive three-year term. That will be decided at the BJP's national council that comes up after results of the assembly polls in five states are declared on March 6.While it was earlier considered that Gadkari's chances to remain in office beyond his present term would depend on how the party performs in the assembly elections, it is now clear that the decision to continue with him at the helm of BJP's affairs has already been taken and is not dependent on the BJP's results.With Gadkari's continuing in the post of party president, the war within the party over who will be its prime ministerial candidate for 2014 is also bound to intensify. Unless BJP takes a call on the crucial leadership issue soon after it decides on the party chief's term of office, Gadkari will have to deal with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933252", "title": "HC notice to govt and CM on appointment", "text": "BANGALORE: The appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah, retired judge of the Karnataka High Court as the Upa Lokayukta is all set to undergo judicial scrutiny. The court on Friday ordered notices to the state government, the chief minister (not by name) and Justice Chandrashekaraiah upon two public interest litigation petitions challenging his appointment.The division bench headed by Justice N Kumar posted the matter for February 27 while asking the parties to file their replies by then. The bench took objection to making principal secretary to governor as a party in one petition and asked the advocate to delete it.Advocate general S Vijay Shankar, while accepting notice on behalf of the state government and the chief minister pleaded with the court not to pass an interim order, saying the issue falls in a narrow compass and Justice Chandrashekaraiah has already taken charge.\"The appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah is in utter violation of the mandatory procedure stipulated under Section 3 (2) (b) of the Karnataka Lok Ayukta Act, 1984 which is sacrosanct. The appointment was done without consulting the Chief Justice of Karnataka which is a mandatory procedure under the Act. Bypassing of such an important procedure is not correct. Because of this, the decision-making process is vitiated,\" Navkesh Batra, counsel for one petitioner, told the court.Petitioner Janakere C Krishna has alleged that like Justice Shivaraj Patil and Justice Gururajan, Justice Chandrashekaraiah is also an allottee of a site in the Judicial Employees Cooperative Housing Society. It was purchased on January 18, 1997, for Rs 1,02,666, while he was a sitting judge of the Karnataka High Court.Another petition filed by advocate Anand Murthy sought the quashing of the January 21 order of appointment of Chandrashekaraiah. He placed the February 4 letter by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda.\"I was not consulted. before the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah. So it's a violation of law as his appointment does not conform to constitutional standards and the Karnataka Lokayukta Act. Recent events and reports appearing in the media against him are not in good taste. So he should be recalled at the earliest,\" Justice Sen had said in his letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932592", "title": "Turnout in tony south lower than in \u201907 polls", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's posh neighbourhoods not only had a pathetic voter turnout in the BMC election, but also saw a drop in voter participation compared to the 2007 polls. Election analysts and active citizens said the decline could be attributed to a number of factors: from sheer apathy to unknown candidates to exclusion of first-time voters due to administrative gaffes.In Colaba-Cuffe Parade-Churchgate, the turnout was one percent less than in 2007. The apathy of well-heeled citizens was perhaps best captured in the Worli-Prabhadevi-Chinchpokli belt, where trademark chawls have transformed into towers in the last five years. Here, the turnout declined from 50.31% in 2007 to 46.72% this time.Anil Bhatia of the Federation of Churchgate Residents said it was disappointing that voters remained in slumber despite enthusiastic awareness drives and door-to-door information provided by citizens' groups. An oft-proposed rationale heard in south Mumbai was that citizens did not really depend on corporators and so were disconnected with them as an electorate.The suburban Bandra-Khar-Juhu stretch salvaged some pride with marginally more voters lining up at poll booths on Thursday compared to 2007. But Bandra resident and Agni member Shyama Kulkarni was disappointed with the mere one percent increase in turnout in her ward. \"It is disappointing that youngsters failed to register their say when it mattered most or deliver when the city actually needed them,\" she said. Citizen groups in the area had gone out of their way to give information about contesting candidates to voters. The area had 'meet your candidate' meetings; over 700 societies were furnished with detailed analysis of candidates' affidavits.Analysts said omissions and errors in electoral rolls could have dealt another blow to turnout. In Andheri (W) for instance, nearly 200 citizens were listed in constituencies to which they did not belong and so refused to vote. \"Errors on the voting list could have prevented many from voting. On the other hand, many citizens may not have taken the effort to check their inclusion on electoral rolls,\" said Ajit Ranade of the Association for Democratic Reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934320", "title": "CBSE-i offered to city schools", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CBSE's new international curriculum with a more learner friendly, stress-free and skill-based approach has caught the fancy of city schools, but its high price tag is keeping them from implementing it from the coming academic year.It comes with new features such as flexibility in learning of languages, alternative approach to Mathematics learning and opportunities for extended learning, development of perspectives, research orientation and more liberal approach towards arts education (both visual and performing arts). The curriculum is likely to cost Rs 2.5 lakh.After the success of CBSE international curriculum in 26 schools in Middle East and South-Asian countries as a pilot project for classes I and IX, CBSE has planned to implement the same in 50 Indian schools for which none of the city schools have yet given the proposal.CBSE regional director (Panchkula region) R J Khanderao, while talking to TOI, said, \"The new curriculum will help students to compete better at international level. For this CBSE has invited proposals from all its schools, but for now none of the schools have responded from Tricity. We expect applications by February 29.\"Eventhough city principals are all praise for CBSE-i curriculum they have mixed responses when asked about their willingness to implement it.Rakesh Sachdeva, principal of DAV School in Sector 15 cum CBSE counsellor said, \"It's a good initiative and will give an international level to Indian education. It will certainly have a wider perspective to give to the students, but for us it's difficult to implement it as the fee is very high. We know there are no chances of fee reduction as CBSE will be spending money to maintain international standards.\" Adding that, \"Implementing the international curriculum is also not easy as it needs a different set of teachers and separate area in the school for teaching.\"On the other hand, Sanjay Sardana, director Manav Mangal Group of schools who will be sending the proposal to get CBSE-i curriculum for one of his school, said, \"It will benefit the students in a big way. The global exposure which could only be possible if students go abroad will now be available in schools. It will also promote critical and creative thinking skills, effective communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills and information and media skills in students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937383", "title": "Prakash Bare to play a poet", "text": "Actor-producer Prakash Bare essays the role of eminent poet K Madhavan Nair on the big screen.\"We have only heard about bohemian poets in European countries, but in Kerala, there has been only one such enigmatic personality. It is a challenge to portray him on screen,\" says Prakash.The actor also reveals that the treatment of the film has proved to be a challenge too. \"There have been as many as 20 attempts at presenting this character on screen before this. But none of them have materialised. Despite the daunting task, P Balachandran went on to script the story, which ultimately inspired the entire team to get together and make it happen,\" explains Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "meet on exam reforms", "code": "11934512", "title": "Meet on exam reforms", "text": "Meet on exam reforms: Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42 is planning to organize a one-day UGC-sponsored conference on examination reforms - A Plan of Action on February 18. Dr Parvinder Singh, convener of the conference, said, more than 100 delegates from various institutions will be attending this conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11933973", "title": "Four-fold tally makes Raj big player in civic politics", "text": "MUMBAI: A four-fold hike in the poll tally - from seven seats in 2007 to 28 this year - has turned the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) into a big-time player in city politics, said party observers.Political equations in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) now depend on whether the Shiv Sena, which has acquired a comfortable tally, shows keenness to seek the MNS's hand of friendship, an idea that Sena chief Bal Thackeray has hit upon with an eye on the 2014 state legislative elections.Raj single-handedly ran the party's poll juggernaut in Mumbai, even as he, the party's star vote-gatherer , undertook a hectic election tour of Thane, Nashik and Pune. Talking to mediapersons after the poll results were announced, the MNS chief said his corporators would try to live up to the voters' expectations.MNS MLA Pravin Darekar said, \"Our triumph assumes significance as this time around there was no emotive issue before the party. The 2007 BMC elections and the subsequent 2009 state assembly polls had revolved around the 'Marathi manoos' issue, which catapulted the party to the centre-stage of Mumbai politics.\"The media-savvy Raj did try to whip up a stir by taking on the Bombay high court on the Shivaji Park anti-noise issue. He riled the court for not allowing his party to hold a poll conclave on the Shivaji Park grounds. He even took the matter all the way to the supreme court, where he drew a blank as the apex court declined to intervene in the matter. This had nullified Raj's game plan to trigger a 24/7 media blitzkrieg on the issue.Nevertheless, the MNS did exceedingly well, especially in the saffron belt of central Mumbai. The MNS bagged all seven Mumbai municipal wards in the Dadar-Matunga stretch-wards 181 to 187-which the Sena covets as its bastion . Six of those seats were earlier held by the Shiv Sena and one (Ward 182, Sitladevi Temple) by the Congress.Lack of finances, a badly disorganized campaign and wrong choice of candidates in some constituencies were hurdles the MNS grassroots workers faced.Yet, in many wards the party put up a fierce fight. For instance, Mahesh Bhoir, a greenhorn in Ward 15, lost the election, but not without proving to be a tough rival to BJP veteran Mohan Mithbaokar. Sandeep Deshpande bagged the Shivaji Park ward from under the Shiv Sena's nose. Prakash Darekar, brother of Pravin, won in suburban Magathane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934535", "title": "Close race to control Nagpur ZP", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP emerged as the single largest party in Nagpur Zilla Parishad (ZP) winning 22 seats. It was followed closely by ruling Congress which bagged 19.The election for the 59-member ZP was held on February 7 and counting of votes took place on Friday .BJP's ally Shiv Sena bagged six seats while NCP got eight. Hence, the Sena-BJP combine bagged a total of 28 seats, while the Congress-NCP alliance secured 27. One seat each went to RPI, Gondwana Gantantra Party, BSP and an Independent. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11932877", "title": "Inspector hangs self in Diamond Harbour", "text": "KOLKATA: Santanu Chakraborty (58), the inspector in charge of Diamond Harbour police station, was found hanging from the ceiling inside his police quarters room on Friday. Police found a suicide note from the spot. Prima facie, it is suspected that Chakraborty was suffering from depression.On Friday, Chakraborty went to duty at the police station on 10am. He returned to his quarters around 1:30pm. Around 5:30pm, a boy from a nearby tea stall went to give Chakraborty his daily cup of tea. After calling several times, the boy got no response from Chakraborty's flat. When he went to knock on the door, the boy found the door open. Stepping inside, he saw Chakraborty's body hanging from the ceiling.The boy then rushed to the police station adjacent and alerted the police. Senior officers went to the spot and sent the body for post mortem.According to police sources, Chakraborty had joined as the Diamond Harbour police inspector-in-charge on February 3. Earlier, he had worked at the excise department at Writers' buildings and had also worked as the inspector-in-charge of Basirhat, Santipur and Baruipur police stations. Lately, he was living at the police quarters at Jadavpur with his wife and daughter before shifting to Diamond Harbour, alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932408", "title": "Serial groom trying to flee country held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old who had illegally married several women over the last few years was arrested from Sahar airport while trying to flee the country with one of his wives and son.The police had issued a lookout notice against Mukhdir Khan ever since a case of cheating was lodged against him by one of his wives, Salma (name changed), a Mira Road resident, in February 2009.Salma (21), a teacher by profession, had met Khan, who claimed to be an engineer, through the internet in 2005. The two had eloped in January, 2006, after Salma's father objected to the relationship. Khan had forced Salma to bring cash and jewellery from her house.The two got married in Delhi and Salma delivered a baby boy within a year of marriage. But soon she found out that Khan was already married to one Manu Thakur alais Ikra. Khan had reportedly forced Manu, originally from Rajasthan, to convert to Islam. When Salma confronted Khan, he began torturing her. Salma returned to her father's home on February 9, 2009. Her father helped her lodge the case against Khan. The police arrested Khan's mother and sister but he managed to flee. Salma's father then found out that Khan had married another Mira Road woman, Zarine. He was also staying with another woman, Aarifa, in Bhendi Bazar and the couple had a son.On Tuesday, the Sahar police received a tip-off that Khan was trying to flee to Dubai. The police nabbed him and handed him over to the Mira Road police. Cops recovered two passports in Khan's name, one each issued in Mumbai and Delhi respectively. Sources said Khan had made several trips to the Gulf with his wives. The police are ascertaining whether he forced his wives into prostitution. After a few trips, he would destroy the passports and apply for fresh ones. Khan has been remanded in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934403", "title": "Fingerprints can determine criminal's gender: PU prof", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Significance of fingerprints in cracking crime cases is known, but identifying the sex of the criminal through fingerprints may soon ease the investigation further. A latest research conducted by Dr Kewal Krishan of anthropology department, Panjab University, along with his student Chitrabala, shows fingerprints found at the crime scene can help in determining person's sex.The new study, said Dr Krishan, will facilitate the police and other investigating agencies to narrow down investigation by directing them towards suspects belonging to the most likely sex. The research has been accepted by American Academy of Forensic Sciences (AAFC) and will be presented in the 64th annual conference to be held at Atlanta , USA, from February 20-25. The study is based on hypothesis that female fingerprints have finer ridges than male's and a greater ridge density within a given area, points out the difference.\"Statistics reveal that females have significantly higher fingerprint ridge density than that of males. The finger print ridge density can be a relevant and useful parameter in determining sex of a latent fingerprint of unknown origin,\" added Dr Krishan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936548", "title": "Sunidhi Chauhan sings Tollywood dance number", "text": "There's no stopping Sunidhi Chauhan. Having sung an item song for Sandipan Roy's \"Ekla Akash\", the singer is back in Tollywood with yet another dance number.Drono Acharya, who has composed for Sunidhi in \"Target Kolkata\", said, \"I have earlier worked with her for ad jingles. That way, the communication between us has been extremely smooth.\"Lyrics for the song have been penned by Anindya Bose of Sahar and the catchline goes as - \"Hele dhorte parena khoka keute dhorechhe\".\"It's an oft-repeated phrase, but I think there's tremendous potential in it. The soundscape is Bhojpuri and for me, it has been a whole new genre. I'm hoping to score a commercial hit with this number,\" added Drono.The recording took place in Mumbai and it's heard that Sunidhi took the lyrics home hoping to sing it on stage once the song becomes a hit.And considering her command over item numbers (who can forget the KATchy \"Sheila ki jawani\"?), being back on stage with this dance track is just a matter of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933459", "title": "Ex-diplomat M A Vellodi dead at 90", "text": "CHENNAI: Former senior diplomat M A Vellodi died here on Thursday night after a prolonged illness, family sources said. He was 90.Vellodi was a former secretary in the ministry of external affairs.He is survived by son Ashok Vellodi. Vellodi belonged to the 1948 batch of the Indian Foreign Service. He was India's first ambassador to Tanzania when it gained independence in 1962. On deputation to the United Nations, he served as director of the department of political and security council affairs. Vellodi retired in 1979. After his retirement he was associated with the NGO Banyan and Guild of Service in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933470", "title": "'No Eurofighter comeback'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Virtually ruling out any comeback by the Eurofighter Typhoon in the almost $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project, India on Friday said it had already begun final commercial negotiations with French Dassault Aviation to acquire 126 Rafale jets for IAF.Defence minister A K Antony also said the over Rs 3,000 crore deal to acquire 75 Swiss turbo-prop Pilatus aircraft to train IAF rookie pilots, which has faced some financial queries and even complaints by rival contenders, was being \"processed'' in the normal manner.Asked about reasons for the Cabinet Committee on Security to defer clearance for the Pilatus basic trainer deal, Antony said, \"At every stage of our procurement process, we want to be absolutely clear that everything has gone as per the Defence Procurement Procedure and is transparent. Some more discussions are going on with the finance ministry... there is no problem.''The government, Antony added, was being particular that every step of the procurement process was \"clear and transparent'' before any deal was clinched \"to avoid controversies in the future''. IAF desperately needs basic trainers since its 114 piston-engine HPT-32 aircraft have been grounded since August 2009 due to repeated engine failures, leading to training of rookie pilots being truncated.As for the gigantic MMRCA project, with British PM David Cameron vowing to \"encourage'' India to reconsider its decision, the minister said the CNC (contract negotiation committee) for the procurement of the French Rafale had already begun since it was found to be cheaper than Eurofighter Typhoon, which is backed by UK, Germany, Spain and Italy.\"The CNC (with Dassault) will take around six months. After that, there will be eight stages of scrutiny at different levels,'' Antony said on the sidelines of the formal induction ceremony of the latest Mi-17 V-5 armed helicopters from Russia.India bases its procurement decisions purely on technical and commercial evaluations, without any political or diplomatic considerations coming into play. \"There is no favouritism, no prejudice... Everyone gets a level playing field. Nobody can corrupt the Indian system,'' said Antony.As first reported by TOI, though both Typhoon and Rafale were found \"compliant'' on 643-660 technical parameters, the latter proved to be much cheaper on both lifecycle and direct acquisition costs. In fact, the entire MMRCA project cost would have gone up by around Rs 25,000 crore if India had gone for Typhoon rather than Rafale.While the first 18 jets will come in \"fly-away condition'' from France from mid-2015 onwards, the rest 108 fighters will subsequently be manufactured under licence by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited over six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934067", "title": "Prema Tuza Rang Kasa regales", "text": "NAGPUR: A hearty laugh with family and friends is a good way to celebrate a joyous occasion. For 60{+t}{+h} Foundation Day of Vicco Laboratiries, the Pendharkars decided to do just that. Prema Tuza Rang Kasa, a 50-year-old play was staged at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall to mark this occasion on Friday evening.Based on a story written by Vasant Kanetkar and directed by Mangesh Kadam, Prema Tuza... is a laugh riot that provides an insight into the highs and lows of marriage and the effect of falling hopelessly in love. The play evolves around the family of Pradhyapak Ballal played by Ashok Saraf and the escapades of his son Bacchurao played by Aniruddha Joshi and daughter Babbad essayed by Pallavi Patil.What holds good for this play is that that there has been no effort to modernise it. The sets, dialogues, sensitivities all belong to the 50s when love marriage was a taboo. Thus viewing this play is akin to watching a vintage movie.Shelaka Pawar as Bachhurao's love interest matches acting prowess with Saraf and succeeds. The 75-year-old Jayant Sawarkar as Gore amazes with his energy. Charusheela Sawale as the professor's wife and mother of two lovelorn kids is good too.Explaining why he brought this play to Nagpur, Sanjeev Pendharkar, director of Vicco Labs, said, \"this drama has been widely appreciated. So I wanted the people of this city to have the pleasure of viewing it.\" Parag Pathak, a city businessman thoroughly enjoying the play, said, \"It may be old but love issues are eternal. This play is a big stress-buster as we are laughing so much. And with veterans playing their parts with aplomb what more could we ask for?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934245", "title": "Saffron flag stays high on NMC", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI combination won the largest number of seats in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections, the results of which were announced on Friday. The BJP bagged 68 and Sena 6, falling short by just five seats for a simple majority. The Congress-NCP alliance trailed with only 47 seats between them (Congress won 41).The saffron combine is in a position to cobble up a workable majority with the support of 5 others - probably from among the 11 independents or the Bahujan Samaj Party , which sprung a surprise by winning 12 seats - its best tally so far in NMC.Coming as a double delight for the BJP is the Nagpur Zilla Parishad win, where it wrested control from the Congress-led alliance. The party also raised a toast to its unexpected good performance in Akola where it is in a position to work out simple majority with the Sena and some outside help.BJP national president Nitin Gadkari deserves the credit for steering the saffron camp to victory in the city that houses the RSS headquarters. It is for the first time in the civic body's 50-year history that the saffron alliance has won a second consecutive term.Sweetening the taste of party's win, there is already a talk of Gadkari being continued in the BJP top post for yet another term and lead the party in the 2014 elections. His current term expires in December.\"It's a positive vote for the work we have accomplished in the last five years. The verdict reflected people's anger against price rise and corruption in the Congress regime,\" said Gadkari, reaching city after a whirlwind campaign tour of UP. \"The credit goes to humble party workers,\" he added.A pall of gloom fell on the Congress-NCP camp. The city Congress that has lived with factionalism and infighting for over a decade, all facade of unity put up during the civic poll campaign, came crashing down. \"Three local leaders sabotaged the election,\" said a senior leader. It was the first time that the Congress and NCP had a pre-poll alliance. But from the start it was an uneasy affair.Many felt that the NCP was given mores seats than its strength commanded. \"We concede defeat but will closely examine factors like faulty EVMs, wrong revision of voters' lists and low voter turnout that contributed to the defeat. The fact that the mayor and deputy mayor lost and the BJP-Sena failed to get clear mandate vindicated our stance that people are not happy with the ruling saffron alliance,\" said AICC general secretary and Nagpur MP Vilas Muttemwar , who steered the Congress campaign.The decision to field Lokmanch candidates on Congress symbol was what angered party workers in North Nagpur assembly segment. But North Nagpur MLA and minister Nitin Raut did not brook other senior leaders' instruction and had his say in finalizing tickets in that segment. The party suffered badly in that pocket.But losses were spread across all segments, including South and West Nagpur segments where the party expected to do better. In the end the Congress barely managed to retain its last term's tally in NMC while the NCP failed to keep its earlier tally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11933762", "title": "Sena hopes crushed in Cidco division", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena's hopes of taking a lead in the Cidco division of the city were crushed by the MNS, which bagged seven seats along with the Sena, with even the MNS's losing candidates coming second. The selection of candidates by MNS in the constituency of MLA Nitin Bhosale resulted even as all the Bhujbals camped in their 'Farm' at Nashik.Raj Thackeray's MNS stormed to first position in the division where Shiv Sena had its say.The prominent winners in the division were Shivaji Chumbhale and Ashwini Boraste of the NCP, Kalpana Pande and Sudhakar Badgujar of the Shiv Sena and Lakshman Jaibhave of the Congress. The BJP could not even open its poll account here and was relegated to fourth position at most places.The losers' club included NCP city unit president Chhabu Nagare, sitting corporator Dileep Datir and Shiv Sena rebel Pratibha Pawar. tnn Adding to the club is Keshav (Anna) Patil (48) from Congress.Shivaji Chumbhle will now be accompanied by his wife Kalpana (ward 43), both from NCP, in the House just as Sudhakar Badgujar will be accompanied by his wife Harsha Badgujar, meaning the only division which has returned couples to the House. Janrajya Aghadi lead by Apurva Hiray managed to get two seats in the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932486", "title": "City must shed its dubious voting record", "text": "LUCKNOW: On Sunday, will Lucknow come out to vote or will it be another wait in front of the television screen for the 100th ton of little-master Sachin Tendulkar? The verdict is not clear! Given that there has been a good turnout in the first three phases of assembly election, it will be interesting to see how Lucknow prefers to spend the Sunday.If one looks at the past statistics, Lucknow district has the dubious distinction of staying at a distance from election booths. In 2007 assembly election, only 36.35% voters came out to vote while the state's average was 46.36%. Be it due to people registering themselves as voters here but working at distant places like Delhi, or due to the apathy to come out on a 'holiday', the state capital never managed to see 50% of the voters going to the pooling booths. The maximum polling was in 1996 assembly election when 49.05% votes were cast.A day before the V-Day, the Election Commission (EC) is trying its best to attract the voters. From attractive balloons, banners, hoardings to use of social media tools, EC's efforts are commendable. Venturing into tech-savvy fields of e-communication, the EC has been very interactive on Facebook and YouTube. The UP CEO website is registering a good number of hits, comments on its Facebook page, but will that turn into votes?Anupam Singh Somvanshi, a Facebook user, writes, \"19th Feb ko vote mujhe bhi dena hai. Jarur dena hai. Come on UP and achieve at least 65% polling. Last chance! (sic).\" The overall enthusiasm among the first-time voters is also encouraging. A first time voter from Chinhat, Pragya Pandey, credits Anna Hazare's campaign, media and EC for the awareness among voters.\"My parents don't go to vote, but this time we will be a group of 20, including my father and mother, who will exercise our franchise. This is due to general awareness among the voters that a good turnout has been seen in the three phases,\" says Pragya who sees Lokpal Bill, black money and overall development as major issues in this election.The EC is unfazed by India-Australia cricket match on Sunday. \"India is playing nice cricket and there will surely be expectations from Sachin Tendulkar but we don't think that should affect voter turnout. People are aware that voting is much more important. Die-hard fans can go out to vote early in the morning and then see Sachin score his 100th international ton. Nothing better than that. Isn't it?\" says an EC official while talking to TOI.Using various graphical elements on its Facebook page with attractive slogans, the EC expects Lucknowites to come out in good numbers to vote. The district administration is sending SMS-based alerts asking everyone to cast their vote. \"...majboot loktantra sabki bhagidari,\" reads an SMS signed by Lucknow DM Anil Kumar Sagar.In a comprehensive graphic posted on the Facebook page, details of 'what other photo ID cards could be used in case voter ID cards are not present', voter list status, information of polling booth through SMS and toll free helpline number are mentioned. Article 49(O) has emerged as the talk of the town with young voters willing to \"try\" the \"new\" way of not-to-vote. \"Please make sure that every executive in the election process knows about use of article 49(O),\" writes Raj Jain on the CEO's Facebook page.\"Please provide a button in ballot unit, for better implementation of the right given to voters through rule 49(O). Otherwise, people are being prevented from exercising this right by polling personnel due to complexities of maintaining the voting record. And also, voters become reluctant as it reveals their desire to reject candidates,\" writes Awesh Seth on the UP CEO's Facebook page.2.91% of the Lucknow district voters are first timers and given the penetration of social media among the youths, the EC's usage of the interactive media may bear good results.In 2007, Lucknow West and Lucknow Central constituencies recorded just 27.8% and 28.36% of voting. In the 2009 by-elections necessitated after senior BJP leader Lalji Tandon became the Lucknow MP, Shyam Kishore Shukla of the Congress snatched the seat. Here too the voting percentage was very low. A healthy figure can be expected if young minds come out in bunches to vote, as DM's SMS says, \"...majboot loktantra sabki bhagidari.\"UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11940719", "title": "War against terror can't be won if states work independently: Centre", "text": "KARNAL: In the midst of opposition to NCTC from non-Congress chief ministers, home secretary RK Singh on Saturday said the Centre has the duty to fight those who wage war against the nation and this war can't be won if states start working independently.\"It is the duty of the Central government to deal with terrorists and to coordinate with the states to tackle the terrorists. If all states work independently and if there is no coordination, can we win this fight ?,\" he told reporters when asked to comment on the opposition to NCTC.Singh said dealing with someone waging war was the responsibility of the Central government.\"It is the Central government's responsibility to tackle someone who wages war against the nation. That is in the Union List (in the Constitution). We can't fight terrorism in this manner,\" he said.The Home Secretary said the law that has been referred to (by the chief ministers) has been in the statute book since 1967.\"There were some amendment in 2004 and again in 2008. The section that has been talked about, all these were part of that law (Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act) since 2004. It has been there for last eight years,\" he said.Chief Ministers of non-Congress and BJP-ruled states and a Congress ally had raised a banner of revolt against the Centre's proposal to set up an apex counter-terror agency, saying it struck at the federalism and usurped states' powers.The protest was lodged by several chief ministers, including Naveen Patnaik (Odisha), Mamata Banerjee ( West Bengal ), J Jayalalitha ( Tamil Nadu ), Narendra Modi (Gujarat) and Shivraj Singh Chauhan ( Madhya Pradesh ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11933747", "title": "Rallies disrupt traffic", "text": "KANPUR: The city is reeling under frequent traffic jams due to the political rallies, marches and road shows these days. Traffic snarls were reported from various areas after restrictions were put on roads for the PM's and CM's political rallies. Long traffic jams were reported from areas like Tatmill, GT Road, by-pass highway, VIP Road, Bada Chauraha, Ramadevi, Jajmau, P Road and many more.The traffic on the Express Roads came to a virtual standstill for a couple of hours to give smooth way to the political leaders. The long queues of cars and two-wheelers for canvassing and rallies caused traffic jams. Sachin, a commuter, who was stuck in traffic jam, said: \"It is ridiculous. We were caught in the jam for more than an hour. The political leaders and their supporters should show concern for the common man.\"The police should have regulated and diverted the traffic. \"What is the point in using GT Road and overbridges when you get stuck for more than an hour?\" a motorist added.The denizens expressed anger on the careless approach of district administration and the traffic department for doing nothing to solve the problem. Richa, a board student, had to leave home half-an-hour early to reach her coaching center, while the return journey to home took more than an hour.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kakinara", "code": "11932921", "title": "Victim's kin alleges cop-criminal nexus", "text": "KAKINARA: More than 48 hours have passed after a 20-year-old engineering student was severely beaten up by drunken youths at Kakinara railway platform while trying to protect his sister from being molested, but police are yet to make significant move to nab the culprits.\"We detained five persons on Thursday night. The siblings were called for their identification. But it was learnt that the detained persons were not those we were looking for. However, raids are being conducted to nab the culprits,\" said Mrinal Kanti Majhi, officer-in-charge of Naihati GRP. According to a GRP source, a preliminary inquiry suggests that two cops were present at the GRP office when the incident took place. The girl also claimed that she appealed to the cops to save her brother but the duo allegedly did not step out of the office and told the girl to go back home taking her brother.\"A departmental inquiry has been initiated against the two cops who were on duty on Wednesday night. If they are found guilty for neglecting their duty, the duo will be suspended,\" a senior GRP official said.The girl, visibly traumatized after witnessing the molesters beat up her brother severely on the railway tracks, has decided to stop going to tuition classes. \"The criminals have a different mindset. But I wonder how could people around remain so nonchalant to such criminal activities,\" she said.Her brother still shivers while recollecting the incident. \"We could not do anything since our father was not here. Our relatives stopped us from lodging a complaint. But my sister was adamant to seek justice.The boy, a second-year engineering student and resident of Mitrapara in Naihati, went to Kakinara to receive his sister, a Mathematics honours student, from her tuitions at night. At around 10.05pm, they were waiting on platform no 1 for a train to reach their home in Naihati. Three inebriated youths, standing nearby, reportedly went to closer to them. One of them touched the girl and pulled her towards himself. This enraged her brother. But soon after he protested and tried to resist them from molesting his sister, the goons started beating him up mercilessly. The boy fell on the platform after being shoved by the molesters. The trio continued to beat the boy till three of the girl's tuition friends rescued him.The family members of the siblings however alleged that GRP police have not taken action properly against the criminals despite complaint was lodged two times with repeated appeals.Saradindu Ghosh Chowdhury, the father of the victim and an accounts official of the I-T department, claimed on Friday that GRP police were not arresting the culprits deliberately in spite of having specific information on the whereabouts of the attackers. \"Criminal activities have become frequent at the Kakinara at night. They easily escape arrest as they have nexus with the GRP. The cops know all the criminals involved in several crimes at Kainara station and its adjoining areas, but they do not bother to take any action against them,\" said Chowdhury.Concerned about his children's safety, Chowdhury also went to the Barrackpor police commissionerate on Friday seeking intervention of commissioner. \"Feeling insecure, I met Barrackpore police commissioner Sanjoy Mukherjee and sought his intervention following the attack on my children. Mukherjee has assured me to look into the matter,\" he said.Kalpana Pal, a shopkeeper at the station, said, \"I have been here for last 35 years. The place has become dangerous. People roam openly with revolvers in hand, tease girls, molest them. Nobody dares to protest. What can one expect three GRP men to do against this large group of criminals?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934040", "title": "Primary teachers get option to upgrade", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Primary school teachers having B Ed or a higher degree who wish to upgrade themselves in upper primary classes have been asked to submit their applications to the respective district primary education officer by March 31.Recently, several teachers with B Ed or higher degrees were appointed to teach in class I to V, which is considered as primary. Class VI to VII is called upper primary.The purpose of allowing teachers the option to go for upper primary was considering their better ability to teach subjects like Math, Science, English.If the teachers do not submit their option to teach in upper primary by March 31, they will not get a second chance, according to a government resolution issued on Friday by the education department.The process of selecting the teachers for upper primary will be completed by end of May. Only then, the process for new recruitments will start.In nearly 36,000 primary schools in the state, there are about 2 lakh teachers of which 30,000 have B Ed or higher education degrees, sources in the department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji/kochi", "code": "11932188", "title": "Kerala woman found at Bandra station gives cops the slip", "text": "PANAJI/KOCHI: Found abandoned at Bandra station, Aleena Hussain (22) went missing at Canacona station on Thursday, while she was being taken home by the Kerala police.The Kerala police personnel were returning home with Aleena by Netravati Express on Wednesday, when she went missing. \"She was last seen at Canacona station at 12.29am on Thursday by the station master. On seeing her alone, the station master questioned her and she replied that her father was waiting for her. She then walked out of the station. She is missing since then,\" said an official from Canacona police station.The train had reached Canacona at 12.27 am, where it stopped for two minutes. \"Kerala police informed us that on learning that Aleena was missing, they got down at Karwar (24 minutes from Canacona) and took a taxi back to Goa and tried searching,\" the police said.When their efforts failed, the Kerala police contacted Canacona police around 8 am. \"A police team from Canacona police station is searching for Aleena along with the Kerala police,\" said inspector Rajesh Kumar of Canacona police.Canacona police has registered a missing complaint. The complaint said that they were travelling back home by third AC and Aleena was with them till Canacona. But just before the train reached Karwar, they realized that Aleena was missing.On February 6, Aleena was found wandering at Bandra station. She was then lodged at Mumbai's Bapnu Ghar, a charity home for women and children in Worli. After TOI reported her story, the Kerala government decided to extend a helping hand to Aleena and on Monday, sent two women police officials and a senior civil police officer to Mumbai to bring her home safely. The Kerala RPF, as well as the accompanying police, claim that \"the girl had shown signs of mental depression and they were to seek a psychologist's help in Kozhikode\". The police officials accompanying her claimed that Aleena was not willing to reveal much and when they repeatedly asked her name, she had turned violent. The police are now wondering if Aleena is really from Idukki as she had claimed to the RPF, Bandra. \"Her accent is very different from the accent of those who are from Idukki\" said a woman police who was accompanying her.Rajan John, superintendent, RPF, Kannur said. \"Our plan was to get her to Kozhikode, where she could be counselled by psychologists. Police had made arrangements with a hospital for the same. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932540", "title": "Thackerays still rule Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena-BJP combine on Friday extended its 16-year stranglehold on the country's richest municipal corporation by another five years. It won 107 seats-and with the RPI pitching in with one-is only six short of the simple majority mark of 114 in the 227-member BMC. With three BJP rebels and three Independent Sena sympathizers also winning and indicating their willingness to support the two parties, the saffron coalition will not need to consider the option of looking elsewhere (read Raj Thackeray's MNS) to run BMC.Although the Sena-BJP tally dipped by eight seats from 115 in the 2007 civic elections, it's managed to retain office because of the sharp fall in the number of Congress seats from 71 to 50. Also, the Congress-NCP alliance, the first in BMC elections, was expected to help improve their total seat cou-nt, but it misfired. Among the reasons being ascribed for the dismal show are: constant and public bickering between the two allies; unhappiness in Congress ranks over seat distribution; low turnout, in particular Congress-NCP's inability to get the voter out, whereas Sena's committed supporters thronged the booths; Sena's aggressive advertising campaign again corruption in the Congress-led UPA in New Delhi; chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's claim that a Sena defeat would make the party irrelevant galvanized Bal Thackeray's troops; deft handling of Sena's ca-ndidate nomination process by Uddhav Thackeray.Significantly, although MNS's performance was impressive, Raj's dream of being king will have to wait. The Sena-BJP numbers are good enough to deprive him of a chance to be even kingmaker in a hung House. The same combination that captured the BMC also won 62 seats in Thane, four short of the simple majority of 66 in the 130-seat TMC. Sena chief Bal Thackeray proved that age has not dimmed his appeal. The 84-year-old patriarch showed that he still has a trick or two up his sleeve, by making an emotional 'sons-of-the-soil' pitch to voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11939349", "title": "School bus falls into river in Goa, seven killed", "text": "PANAJI: Six children were among seven persons killed today when a school bus plunged into the Kalvi River at Aldona village, 30 kms from here.The bus carrying over a dozen school children and a woman caretaker plunged into the river near Aldona ferry wharf. The driver and conductor jumped out of the vehicle as it fell into the river.Officials said seven bodies have been fished out of the river and the number of casualties are likely to rise.Soon after the mishap, rescue operations were initiated with the help of local and marine police, Indian Navy, Indian coast guard and the Indian army following which three Chetak helicopters and 10 divers assisted with canoes by locals managed to extricate seven persons almost two hours after the accident.The vehicle was pulled out of the river and searches are on to trace the missing children who are feared drowned, Director General of Police Kishan Kumar said.In view of the tragedy, the Goa government today cancelled all carnival float parades and announced a compensation of Rs two lakh for families of the dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11940799", "title": "Man chops off nose of ex-wife in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A man allegedly chopped off the nose of his ex-wife in Rajasthan's Chittorgarh district, police said on Saturday.The accused Suresh was apparently enraged as the woman had married again, they said.Suresh along with around six other men barged into the house of the victim in Choti Sadadi area and chopped off her nose, police said.No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932862", "title": "Jaipur Lit Fest controversy: Cops begin probe", "text": "JAIPUR: The police have started investigation into a complaint filed here against four authors who read from Salman Rushdie's banned book 'The Satanic Verses' during the Jaipur Literature Festival organized from January 20-24.The police have recorded statement of complainant Ashok Kumar. Ashok Kumar demanded action against Hari Kunzru, Amitava Kumar, Jeet Thayil and Ruchir Joshi for reading from the book on January 20 to protest against Rushdie's cancellation of his visit citing death threats. The four authors had left the festival after reading from the book.The organisers had slammed them by saying that they did not give consent for such actions. The complaint had been registered with Ashok Nagar police station.\"Ashok had registered a complaint against the four authors and four of the organizers alleging breach of peace and hurting the sentiments of people from a particular religion,\" said a police officer. Ashok claimed that his statement was recorded on Wednesday.\"The investigation is going on. Now we are gathering evidence regarding the fact that the four authors actually read out the book to the audience,\" said a police officer. Sources said that the authors might also be summoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11931985", "title": "Saturday to be warm and cloudy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saturday is expected to be warmer than Friday but will continue to remain cloudy. A western disturbance over north Pakistan will affect the western Himalayan region for the next three days, bringing rain and snow to many parts but its more severe impact over the northwest plains is likely to be only a cloud cover. Met officials say there are very little chances of rain in the next three days.The temperature has been lower in the past couple of days, with both maximum and minimum having gone below normal in the city. Friday recorded a maximum temperature of 22.3 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal, while the minimum was 6.6 degrees, four degrees below normal. The day was partly cloudy with humidity levels between 28% and 77%.\"A cold to severe cold wave is affecting some parts of Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and isolated pockets of west Uttar Pradesh. The minimum temperature was two-four degrees below normal over some parts of the western Himalayan region, UP and east Rajasthan. The lowest temperature in the plains was recorded at Narnaul in Haryana that saw a minimum of 0.6 degrees Celsius,\" said a Met official.\"Rain and snow are possible over the western Himalayan region for the next two days after which it will increase. Due to the cloud cover over the plains, minimum temperatures will rise by 2-4 degrees over the region,\" said a Met official.Shallow fog affected IGI Airport on Friday morning with runway visual range coming down to 800m on the new runway. Sources said the fog lifted soon and did not disrupt flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934013", "title": "Raided college now made CMAT centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an irony of sorts, management aspirants in Surat will take the Common Management Aptitude Test (CMAT), scheduled during February 20 to 28, Atmanand Engineering College that was raided by CBI recently for producing fake land documents to get affiliation from the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).Interestingly, CMAT, which is mandatory for admissions to various management courses across India, is conducted by AICTE. In Gujarat, the test will be held in Ahmedabad, Surat and Rajkot.Gujarat government has, however, decided that this year, admissions to management colleges in the state will be decided on the basis of Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GCET) and not CMAT.There are nearly 15 management institutes in the state that have requested the state government to make admissions in their colleges based on the merit of CMAT. However, the education department made it clear that this year, GCET will be the only eligibility test, triggering a major controversy.There are 12,000 management seats in nearly 125 colleges across Gujarat.The state government decided to go for GCET as it did not want a separate admission test for the nearly 100 MCA colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937430", "title": "Sunshine sectors", "text": "Pervin Malhotra, career counsellor talks to Aaditi Isaac about making a career in recession proof sectorsQ-Post recession and the slowdown, what kind of a career should a student look for?No job is secure. For some, recession just becomes an excuse for attrition in a company. If there is a recession, which by the way, happens cyclically, that means that a company will still hire people because people will retire, but not that many as they would need when there is a boom. In such a scenario, students must look for making a career in the areas that they are passionate about. There are some sectors that are resilient to the effect of recession and slowdown.Q- Could you name a few sectors that are resilient to the effects of recession and slowdown?Education, infrastructure, defence, pharmaceuticals and healthcare are some of the recession proof sectors.Q-What is the need for specialisation in different areas?There is a need for super specialists across the board. Students who do their specialisation/super specialisation get many opportunities and they are almost immediately absorbed into the workforce. Specialists in any area, not just doctors but even business are in great demand.Q- What is your advice to students who will be entering the industry?Students who will be making a career need to understand that making a career is a long-term investment and so they must not look what the jobs because they will fade away. It is better to make a career and do something that one loves doing. Skills such as multi-tasking, proactiveness, willingness to get out of the comfort zone are prized qualities that the employer wants.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "11933361", "title": "Bellary a hub for CA coaching", "text": "BELLARY: The city hit the headlines in recent times for illegal mining. But Bellary is gaining fame for becoming of a hub of chartered accountants. With over 100 practising CAs, the city boasts of a vibrant branch of the South India Regional Council, Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.While coaching classes to crack the chartered accountancy exams have mushroomed here, they're so much in demand that fees have been hiked so much that middle class students are finding it difficult. The Bellary institute has now started coaching classes too.Classes commenced on February 15 for the Common Profeciency Test (CPT) on June 17 with 25 students in the first batch. While private coaching courses costs vary between Rs 30000 and Rs 35,000, the institute is offering it for Rs 6,000. The institute has also started coaching for Integrated Professional Competency Course (IPCC) with 23 students. While private coaching for this costs almost Rs 60,000, the institute offers the course at Rs 11,000.Y Ramesh, chairman of the branch, told TOI that young chartered accountants were much in demand. He added that the institute is equipped with a state-of-the-art library which would be upgraded to a digital library soon. The institute would soon start coaching for final CA exams too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11933948", "title": "Smaller parties, independents carry the day", "text": "NAGPUR: The candidates of smaller parties and independents had a great day as the results of the 2012 NMC elections were announced. They had played the spoilsport for Congress-NCP-Lokmanch alliance and ended up accounting for a whopping 30 of the total 145 seats at the end of the day.There were many smaller parties in the fray. Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) was the largest of the smaller parties and went on to secure 12 seats. In 2007 elections, the BSP won just four seats and nine in 2002 elections. As expected, the BSP has created hurdles for candidates of Congress-NCP, especially in North and South Nagpur.The third front - Nagpur Jan Shakti Party - was formed by bringing 13 smaller parties under one roof. The third front fielded candidates in 110 seats and could manage to win in two seats. Both its candidates are from BRP-BMS, Raju Lokhande and Bhavana Dakhane from Rambagh ward. Though the other candidates could not manage to win, they played spoilsport for many Congress-NCP and BJP-Sena candidates.The other small party - Muslim League - has also gone on to emerge victorious in two seats. In 2007 elections, Muslim League had won one seat, Aslam Khan from Siddharth Nagar. Khan managed to maintain his winning spree and won from Mahendra Nagar. From the same ward, the other candidate Ishrat Nahid also won.Lokbharati candidate Ramdas Gudadhe has won from Bastarwari ward. BREM sitting corporator Rahul Telang too managed to win from Vaishali Nagar ward.The independents ended up with 10 seats despite the two-member ward system, which was expected to hurt their prospects. In 2007 elections, the number of independent corporators was 11. Only two of them, Parinay Fuke and Ravindra Dolas, managed to win again. Fuke won from Ambazari ward while Dolas bagged Shanti Nagar. The other eight independents are all new faces but defeated candidates of two mega alliances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932476", "title": "Record rise in entries for women\u2019s drive", "text": "MUMBAI: The Lavasa Women's Drive has broken all previous records. While there has been a 150% increase in the number of entries, a total of 9 lakh votes have come from all over the world to nominate their favourite participant for the drive.Besides exhibiting their driving and navigational skills, women will showcase their talent before 2,000 spectators at Lavasa. All participants can take part in the contest by uploading their photograph or video and impressing jury members with their talent.Participants will get an opportunity to perform five acts in Lavasa on February 26. So whether it's mimicry, a song, dance or anything that can impress the jury members, women can upload it on www.lavasawomensdrive.com.Meanwhile, a briefing session will be held in Bandra on Saturday and will be attended by 700 women participants. A panel of doctors will give a talk on 'Cervical cancer prevention: what women need to know'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933144", "title": "Krishna unexplored: Scientists", "text": "CHENNAI: While the Western world has been doing cutting edge research on Jesus Christ and the Bible, India lags far behind in tracing the legacy, life and times of its kings and heroes, feel archaeologists.Scientists have discovered the sunken city of Dwaraka, but Krishna still remains more of a mythological figure, they add, mostly because of lack of manpower and funds.\"We should start treating our epics as history, not legends. There is enough scientific evidence for this, and a lot more needs to be done,\" says T K V Rajan, an archaeologist now organizing an exhibition on the scientific discoveries on Christ and Krishna at Parvati Art Gallery on Eldams Road.\"We hardly try connecting our finds to our epics. We find a pot, tank or inscription, but we do not bother to join the dots,\" says Rajan.Archeologists and ocean scientists made a sensational discovery of Dwaraka under the Gulf of Khambat in 2001 and of coins with imprints of Lord Krishna and Balarama, issued by an Indo Greek king in Afghanistan. But precious little was done as follow-up.\"Archeologists in Europe have traced the precise spot of Jesus's birth, St Peter's house visited by Jesus, boats used during his time, his crucifix and even skeletons of giants who existed before the reign of King David. On the other hand, Hastinapur excavated in 1952, has not been touched again. There is so much to study in Kurukshetra and Mathura,\" says Rajan.Dr T Sathyamoorthy, former superintending archaeologist with the Archaeological Survey of India, says there is scarce interest in the subject.\"In the south, there is virtually no college that offers archaeology as a subject or course. Not many people come for excavations. The northern states are slightly better, but most of the archeologists don't study the epics deeply enough,\" says Sathyamoorthy.Dr R Nagaswamy, former director of the state department of archaeology, says while puranas are treated as legends, the Bible is taught as history, with dates.\"Now we can trace Lord Krishna back to 1700BC, but we don't have many people studying epics and puranas with a chronological sense,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933239", "title": "Rape suspects tracked down", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee may have been hasty in saying that the car-rape story was concocted. On Friday, investigators said the victim was indeed assaulted and they even managed to track down a band of youths who were allegedly involved. The victim had mistakenly identified the trio she named in the FIR, say sources. The real suspects, traced late on Friday, are residents of Collin Street and Kidderpore, said an officer.Investigators took the victim along for a reconstruction of the crime on Friday and concluded that there was enough truth in her account. Police are also trying to retrieve the erased CCTV footage of the nightclub.\"There may be discrepancies but she did not cook up the story,\" was how an investigator put it. The victim was taken in a car of the same model as mentioned in the complaint. Police are still looking for some missing links. They do not believe that none of the three accused - Lavi Gidwani, Sharafat Ali and Azhar Ali - knew the woman before the incident. \"If she is trying to frame these youths, then why would she do it to a bunch of strangers?\" said an investigator.Police are now speaking with friends of the accused trio and are also probing some people, who apparently don't seem involved but whose \"role is suspicious\". Among them is Farooq Halim, the younger son of former assembly speaker Hashim Abdul Halim, and a close friend of the victim. Another is Ambar Ali, a friend of the victim's sister. Ambar is the key link between the accused and the victim, say police. He used to work at Gidwani's call centre. On Friday morning police interrogated Ambar along with Sharafat and Azhar.Police have checked a mobile video of a Milad programme on February 5, which confirms that Sharafat and Azhar were at the event till about 8 that evening. Cellphone tower locations suggest that the duo were at their residence at night. Police believe that the duo was not with the woman during the incident. They have no strong lead to accuse the two youths. But police can't say for sure that the duo have no link with the victim.Interestingly, Azhar owns a white Honda Civic. The victim claims she was raped in a City or Civic car. As the securitymen at Azhar's apartment do not keep any record of entry and exit of cars owned by residents, police have no way of verifying where Azhar's car was during the incident. Police have decided to take the vehicle for forensic tests.The forensic test on the woman reveals that she was indeed assaulted in the wee hours of February 6. But it does not conclusively prove rape because the test was carried out nine days late. The reconstruction of the crime could be crucial to the case. \"During the reconstruction, we did not find much deviation from what she stated in the FIR,\" said an investigator. The victim showed the spot just opposite Calcutta Club where she was pushed from the car. From there she took a taxi towards Elliot Road to meet Farooq, who escorted her to her home.Police also verifying Lavi Gidwani's antecedents. \"We found that Lavi was a frequent visitor at the night clubs where the victim was also a regular. Does Lavi really not know the woman, or is he lying?\" an officer said.Police are trying to gather eyewitness accounts. Several officials of the night club were questioned on Friday. The investigators have also seized the video footage of the club. \"Even though the footage is taped over every three days, we are trying to see if it can be restored,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Damayanti Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11933683", "title": "Hearing in land cases deferred", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A three-judge full bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday deferred the hearing of the writ petitions filed by the farmers challenging the notifications issued for acquisition of their agricultural lands by the Noida and Greater Noida authorities in Noida, Greater Noida and Noida Extension areas.This order was passed by the full bench of Justice Ashok Bhushan, Justice SU Khan and Justice V K Shukla, after hearing the counsels for the farmers, Noida and Greater Noida authorities, and chief standing counsel, who represented the state government.Passing the order, the bench said that those writ petitions of the farmers, which are not covered by the earlier judgment of the full bench given in respect of land acquisition of farmers in Noida, Greater Noida and Noida Extension areas, shall be heard separately by the appropriate bench on March 27.The court deferred the hearing of these writ petitions till March 27, as the chief standing counsel of the state, M C Chaturvedi, requested the court to adjourn the hearing \"as the officers are busy in state assembly elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11934017", "title": "College, varsity teachers observe \u2018protest day\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Over 6,000 teachers of colleges and universities in Bihar observed \"protest day\" on Friday to register their resentment against the non-fulfilment of their pending demands. They wore black badges to mark their protest. The call for the protest was given by the joint action committee of the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar and Federation of University Service Teachers' Associations of Bihar.The main demands of the teachers include payment of arrears pending with the central and state governments, rectification of anomalies in the 5th and 6th pay regulations, withdrawal of bills on private and foreign universities and strengthening of public-funded education and increase in the allocation of funds for higher education to prevent marginalization of weaker sections, including SCs, STs, women and economically backward sections, in the field of higher education.Death condoled: Teachers and students of the Patna Science College held a meeting held here on Friday under the presidentship of principal Kashi Nath. They expressed deep shock over the demise of retired PU chemistry teacher Lallan Singh. Patna University Retired Teachers' Association also mourned Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932093", "title": "Raw deal for city water projects", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad's drinking water woes are expected to worsen in the coming years as the state government has decided to reinforce the Godavari drinking water project and phase out the Krishna water project, if the allocation in the budget for 2012-13 is an indication.Anticipating a huge drinking water crisis this summer in Hyderabad, the city's elected representatives had raised the issue at the Hyderabad District Review Committee (DRC) meeting last month and in-charge minister J Geeta Reddy had assured them that chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy promised to allot a fair budget for the Krishna Drinking Water Supply Project Phase-III. However, as against the demand of Rs 1,660 crore for Krishna Phase III, the state has earmarked only Rs 30 crore.For Godavari drinking water project Phase I, the state has earmarked Rs 400 crore in the next fiscal. Last year, Rs 250 crore was allotted for this project. \"The Krishna project is in Phase III and therefore, more allocation for it would mean a greater portion of the city would get sufficient drinking water in the coming months as the scheme is already operational. The Godavari project will take at least another two to three years to become a reality. This means the city's drinking water problem is bound to worsen,\" said an official.At present, the city's drinking water requirement is 460 Million Gallon Daily (MGD). The Hyderabad Water Board is able to supply 340 MGD, half of which is being met by the Krishna water project. The Water Board has sought Rs 1,690 crore in the Detailed Project Report (DPR) that it submitted to the state in October 2011. \"But with the state earmarking only Rs 30 crore, the Krishna water project is set to get derailed,\" said the official.According to government sources, it has been decided to reduce dependency on Krishna water in view of the recent award of the tribunal on sharing of the river water between AP and Karnataka. Now, the focus will be on the Godavari project, though it will take a few years for the water to reach residents, sources aver.The Hyderabad Water Board has prepared a contingency summer action plan to overcome the water crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11931975", "title": "BJP mourns loss in Ghatkopar", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP cadres in Ghatkopar are mourning the loss of a seat which the Congress had never won since 1968, when the constituency was won by its erstwhile avatar , the Jan Sangh. Pravin Chheda (Congress) trounced Bhalchandra Shirsat (BJP) in a battle of titans from ward 124. Chheda had been elected on a BJP ticket twice before he switched loyalties. tnnMadhu Ashar, a Rashtriya Swaymsevak Sangh ( RSS) ideologue and resident of the are said, \"For 44 years, the seat has been a BJP-Jansangh pocket borough. In 1968, the seat was won by GT Dutia, who went on win two consecutive terms in. The constituency has sent four more BJP-Shiv Sena nominees to the BMC.\"A shell-shocked BJP worker said, \"Chheda will emerge as a strong contender to Prakash Mehta, who has been a BJP MLA from Ghatkopar (E) since 1990.\"A BJP functionary said, \"The win is a timely reality check for party workers, who had become cocky and over-confident over the past few years. Many also feel that genuine people had been sideline at the behest of power-brokers in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11933404", "title": "Seminar on Indian women writers", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of English, St Aloysius College will organize a national seminar on Indian Women Writers in English on Saturday. The seminar aims at exploring different aspects of modern day Indian women.The resource persons for the seminar will be Giselle Mehta, Meena Kandasamy and Meena T Pillai. The seminar will be inaugurated by Mehta, who will also deliver the keynote address. Mehta will talk on the topic 'Reversal of gender stereotypes in contemporary women's writing'. The lead paper will be presented by Pillai on 'Women and autobiographies'.A discussion forum will be led by Kandasamy on 'Writing our body: Feminist Poetry in India'. As many as 40 research papers on the various aspects of Indian women writers in English will be presented at the seminar. For further information, dial: 9448744522.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11932645", "title": "Bangladeshi criminal in police net", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Murshidabad police on Thursday nabbed notorious Bangladeshi criminal Sadikul Islam from Doulatabazar bus stand. It is learnt that Mumbai crime branch was trying to trace Sadikul Islam, the criminal, for last two years. Mumbai police teams had earlier set up camps in Murshidabad several times, but Sadikul managed to deceive them each time.However, Sadikul ran out of luck this time. District police's special operation squad (SOS) got a tip that the criminal entered Murshidabad to spread fake Indian currency and police trapped him posing as customers of fake currencies.\"We have seized one passport from Sadikul that tells he is a resident of Sahapara under Shibgunj police station in Nawabgunj district in Bangladesh. It also shows he legally came to India thrice in the past. We are suspicious that Sadikul had in possession multiple passports in different names,\" said Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir. However, police believe Sadikul crossed Malda-Bangladesh border at least 18 times. His route was from Baisnabnagar-Malda to Raghunathgunj, Ilambazar, Birbhum and Kolkata, according to police sources.Along with the passport, police seized Rs 50,000 and $100 in fake currency notes. Two Indian linkmen - Badrujjaman and Samim Sheikh - have also been arrested.\"Sadikul told police that he pays Rs 380 in Bangladeshi currency for Rs 1,000 fake currencies and sell them in India for around Rs 600. Since Mumbai police came to Murshidabad several times to arrest him, we are contacting the National Intelligence Agency, Mumbai police and CID to know more about Sadikul. After receiving police remand, we will try to nab the whole racket,\" Kabir said.Behrampore CJM court finally remanded Sadikul to police custody for two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11933898", "title": "Keep up high growth rate for 15 yrs: Montek", "text": "PATNA: The Planning Commission on Friday lauded the high growth rate of Bihar but pointed out that its per capita growth was still not encouraging.\"It will take at least 10 years to double it and another over a decade to reach the national average. If the current high GDP growth continues for 10-15 years, Bihar will be a prosperous state,\" said plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia while interacting at a special plenary at the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar'.He ducked CM Nitish Kumar's demand at the inaugural session for special category state status to Bihar. N K Singh, MP, who was moderating the special plenary session on \"Strategies for mainstreaming less developed regions in inclusive growth (with special reference to Bihar), also made the demand but Ahluwalia just talked about special package and Backward Region Grant Fund.Ahluwalia expressed satisfaction with the implementation of Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna in the state.\"I have been told by officials that the scheme is working very well in Bihar and the money is being well utilized.\" RBI governor D Subbarao, when asked about the low CD ratio in the state, said, \"High remittance from outside results in high deposit while bankers say there is no demand for credit in Bihar.\"He, however, said that he held meeting with RBI officials here and discussed ways to improve the ratio. \"The current CD ratio is 34-35%, and improving. RBI has to play a more pro active role for raising it,\" he added. Onus is also on the commercial banks in this regard. Subbarao added, \"CD ratio cannot be increased only by laying stress on agriculture. Industry and services need equal emphasis.\"Ahluwalia also suggested focusing on industrial clusters and encouraging PPP mode. London School of Economics professor Lord Nicholas Stern also spoke on various economic issues relating to Bihar as well as international trend of liberalization, capital movement and position of IMF.Referring to the demand of several states, including Bihar, to curtail the number of centrally-sponsored schemes and provide them funds to launch their own schemes, Ahluwalia said there was no consensus on it.\"We have constituted a committee led by B K Chaturvedi to look into the curtailment of schemes and is likely to suggest a lot of flexibility,\" he said. The plan panel deputy chairman appreciated Bihar's experiment of providing cash subsidy under certain schemes. He said the panel is in touch with states for flexibility and better use of funds. Under the policy of distribution of central taxes among states,a large share goes to weaker states.Another source of fiscal transfer to states is through plan panel which is given as per a prescribed formula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932140", "title": "Mumbaikars can look forward to cool weekend", "text": "MUMBAI: After the temperature soared up to 36 degrees for a week, the weather in the city, especially the suburbs, suddenly took a chilly turn late on Thursday, a trend that continued on Friday too. The weather department has forecast that the mercury is likely to drop further over the weekend.A few days of near-normal weather, and the city is back to experiencing chills. While the V-Day may have generated enough heat, the city-especially the suburbs experienced chilly winds late on Thursday evening, which continued on Friday morning.After extremely low minimum temperature of 8.8 degree Celsius that Santa Cruz recorded on February 9, the temperatures soared to as high as 36 degree Celsius (maximum) two days later. While minimum temperatures remained high all through the week, they slid again on Friday when Santa Cruz recorded 13 degree Celsius.According to the Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD), the weather is likely to get a little colder in the next two days.\"A spell of Western Disturbances is affecting the northern plains of the country once again. The cold in the north is being carried southwards by strong Northerly winds, as a result of which the temperature in the city has also dipped a little,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at the Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai. On Friday, Santa Cruz recorded a minimum temperature of 13 degrees Celsius and Colaba 17.8 degrees. The day-time temperature in Colaba and Santa Cruz remained 29 and 31 degrees Celsius. Moreover, the evening relative humidity in Santa Cruz was as low as 34%, adding to the chill; at Colaba, the figure was recorded as 61%.Predicting a further drop in mercury over the next two days, the weather department said, \"The temperature may decrease by one or two degrees over the next two days as the weather in the northern plains will get colder. But after that, the temperature is likely to be normal,\" said Rajeev.This spell of cold wave may not be the last of the season and this might not be the end of winter for the city, says the weather department. \"It is too early to say winter is over. There may be more cold days in store. As of now, the next two days should be looked out for,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933753", "title": "Trafficking to be part of child sexual offence bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over the trafficking and sexual abuse of children seen in recent times in the Falak case, the government has introduced trafficking of minors for sexual abuse as an offence under its flagship legislation. This could make the perpetrators liable for a year's imprisonment and a fine. The provision has been made part of the Protection of Children against Sexual Offences bill, 2011, which is likely to be brought before the Union Cabinet soon.The Falak case, where a two-year child was brought to AIIMS by a 14-year-old girl, has jolted authorities. Police investigation has proved that not only was Falak beaten and bruised, but the 14-year-old was abused by her traffickers. Women &amp; Child Development (WCD) minister Krishna Tirath expressed her concern on the issue and the NCPCR has asked for a report from the police.Trafficking-under the new bill-will be seen as abetment of offence. The WCD ministry has elaborated on the provision to include ``recruiting, transporting, harbouring'' of a child by threat or coercion. Receiving payments or benefits to achieve the consent of the person has also been specified.This was a recommendation made by the standing committee on the HRD which has been accepted by the ministry. Another recommendation was that accepted was waving off the provision of ``age of consent'' in cases of sexual assault observing that any sexual act committed on an individual below 18 years should be seen as child abuse. This recommendation is a departure from government's view that keeping in view social reality consensual action by children between 16 and 18 years should not be criminalized.This is in consonance with the UN convention on the rights of children and the Juvenile Justice Act. The ministry has reasoned that removing this provision will prevent misuse of ``consent'' at the stage of cross- examination of victims and re-victimization of the minor.The bill seeks to protect children from offences such as sexual assault, sexual harassment and pornography. It defines any person below the age of 18 years as \"child\" and seeks to penalize any person who commits offences such as sexual harassment, sexual assault, penetrative sexual assault and aggravated penetrative sexual assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11933818", "title": "Temperature dips again", "text": "KANPUR: The temperature again dipped by a couple of degrees on Friday. According to the weather experts, the fluctuation is the after effect of rains which will continue for a day or two. The minimum temperature recorded on Friday was 8.7 degrees.This was nearly three degrees less than the previous day. However, the maximum temperature increased by two degrees and recorded at 24.1 degrees. Met experts said the clear skies lead to drop in the minimum temperature. Similar weather conditions may prevail till the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933275", "title": "You pay, they go toll-free", "text": "BANGALORE: For whom do the highways toll? Obviously, the 'aam janata' alone.The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) may be under the impression that it is making every road user pay for using the facilities it has built. But the reality is otherwise.Several classes of commuters, other than the 16 categories officially exempted from paying the toll, appear to be having a smooth passage at the various toll plazas dotting the roads leading out of the city, without paying a paisa.Last week, the driver of a cab engaged by these reporters flashed his Congress party identity card at the Tumkur Road Elevated Expressway toll plaza near Hesaraghatta Cross, to get through without paying a penny. When asked, the cabbie said he did it all the time while using the road.\"It's a common practice. We have been instructed by our party seniors to show our cards, proving our affiliation to the Congress. The toll operators have never questioned us and allow us to pass through without paying,\" the Congress cab driver explained.The NHAI, though, had laughed off every demand from the common man to do away with the toll. TOI caught up with cabbie Tabrez Sultan, who explained how he had been forced to pay the toll twice at Sadahalli Gate, as he had to rush back to the airport to return a mobile phone his customer forgot in his taxi. This happened on February 11, the day the toll came into effect on the road to the airport.S Mohankumar, a cabbie from Madanayakanahalli, off Tumkur Road, said that might and not levy mattered at toll plazas around the city.\"People flaunting visiting cards declaring themselves to be social workers or office-bearers of some Vedike or Sene or other are not charged by toll staffers. Locals, too, flex their muscles at some of the toll plazas. It's only sincere and helpless people like us who have to cough up the toll without fail,\" Mohankumar complained.Citizens are an aggrieved lot. \"How long will we continue to be taxed only because there is no foolproof system in place? As it is, government officials enjoy so many add-on benefits. Why give them more? Besides, how can some people just get away without paying any toll?\" said senior citizen Srinivas Laxman, a resident of Sarjapur.BOXIt's not our headache, says NHAINational Highways Authority of India rules say that toll operators should ask for identity proof of those who seek a legitimate free passage at the toll plazas. Only 16 categories of road users are exempt from paying the toll. \"All toll plazas are handled by the concessionaires; the money collected goes to them. So if they are okay about letting commuters go through without checking their IDs, it is they who will suffer the leakage of funds and not NHAI. So it is not our headache,\" RK Gupta, project director of NHAI, Bangalore, told TOI.'Might alone matters'It is all a matter of might. People flaunting visiting cards declaring themselves to be social workers or office-bearers of some Vedike or Sene or other are not charged the levy by toll staffers. Locals, too, flex their muscles at the toll plazas. It's only helpless people like us who have to cough up the toll.S Mohankumar | cab driver", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11933924", "title": "Two youths held for threatening girl", "text": "HUBLI: Keshwapur police arrested two youths on charges of threatening a girl of dire consequences is she did not heed to marriage proposal by one of them.Police said Sudindra Gudi (25) and his friend Vishwanath Sunkad of CBT in Hubli were arrested. Sushma (name changed) had given a complaint that the boys stopped her while she was on her way home. Sudindra forced her to marry him. Sudindra and the girl knew each other for the last five years, and were recently separated by their family members. When Sushma declined his marriage proposal, the two youths threatened to pour acid on her face, the girl said in a complaint.Keshwapur police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "11934433", "title": "CIC: Give answer keys under RTI", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The Central Information Commission has directed the Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research in Puducherry to provide the question paper along with the answer key of an entrance exam conducted by it for admission. The landmark order that came on an RTI petition could bring greater transparency to the high-stress entrance test system.Access to papers and answer keys would help aspirants, both current and future, understand what and why they were getting wrong and help them prepare for such tests better. The order will apply to all entrance exams in India.The RTI application was filed by Puducherry Government Medical Officers' Association general secretary Dr K Sudhakar with the Jipmer public information officer (PIO), seeking a copy of the question paper and answer key of the entrance examination held in July 2011 for admission to MCh in urology. PIO James Sekar denied the information on the ground that it was not the practice of the institute to share question papers of entrance tests. Sudhakar then approached the first appellate authority, which declared that it was \"satisfied with the PIO's reply.\"Undeterred, Sudhakar moved the CIC. Central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, after hearing the case through videoconference, ordered the PIO to furnish a copy of the question paper with answer key by February 10.Central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, after hearing the case through videoconference, ordered the PIO to furnish a copy of the question paper with answer key by February 10.Gandhi, in his January 23 order, pointed out that the right toinformation is a fundamental right and the denial can only be based on the provisions of exemptions under Section 8 (1) of the RT Act. \"ThePIO cannot deny information based on arbitrary whims or policies of various institutions,\" Gandhi said.When thePIOsaidtherewas a possibility that the information may have been destroyed, the commissioner warned that destruction of information sought under the RTI Act will have \"serious repercussions\".\"JIPMER does not provide question papers with answer keys of its entrance exams. The instituteonly announcesthelist of selected students with their marks.The students are notin a position to verify their performance as they do not have access to the question paper and answer key,\" Sudhakar told TOI.Times ViewEntrance exams in India make or break the future of lakhs of young people. This may be unfortunate, but it is a fact that we cannot ignore. Given this reality, it makes sense for the entire system of entrance exams to reach for the highest possible levels of transparency. It is in this context that the ruling of the Central Information Commission ought to be seen. Rather than be dragged kicking and screaming to enhance transparency, bodies that conduct these exams should willingly embrace it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933781", "title": "Kalmadi loyalists bite the dust", "text": "PUNE: The poor showing by the Congress in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections is a setback for city MP Suresh Kalmadi . Most of his loyalists were shown the door by the Pune voters.The city MP had been suspended from the Congress following his arrest in connection with irregularities in issuing contracts for the multi-crore commonwealth games. Released on bail a few days before the list of Congress candidates for the civic polls was finalized, Kalmadi had managed to secure party tickets for over 100 staunch supporters who hoped the civic polls would provide an opportunity for him to get back into active politics. They had planned to press for withdrawal of his suspension after winning a sizable number of seats, but this was not to be. The Congress won just 28 seats out of the 152 contested.The anti-Kalmadi brigade was quick to point out that Kalmadi's tainted image and the disrepute he brought to the city led to his party's debacle. \"Kalmadi's arrest has tarnished the image of our party. His supporters organized a grand celebration to welcome him when he returned to Pune after being released on bail. These celebrations sent out the wrong signal to voters,\" said Mohan Joshi, member of the legislative council (MLC).\"Pune was once a Congress stronghold. Despite the party's poor performance in the 2007 polls, the party continued to believe in his (Kalmadi's) leadership and this has led to a decline in the party's mass base in Pune,\" Joshi added.In 2002, the Congress had won 61 seats, which decreased to 42 seats in the 2007 polls. When it was pointed out that the number of seats had fallen substantially this time, Congress leader in the PMC and a staunch Kalmadi supporter Aba Bagul said, \"Yes, the results are not as per our expectations but they do not reflect on Kalmadi. We failed to explain to the voters what development work our party has done for the city.\"Though key Kalmadi supporters including Bagul, city unit chief Abhay Chhajed, former standing committee chairman Arvind Shinde and city unit vice chairman Deepak Mankar managed to retain their seats, other close supporters including deputy mayor Prasanna Jagtap, chairman of PMC's school education board Sangeeta Tiwari, senior corporators Virendra Kirad, Arun Dhimdhime, Laxman Arade, Anil Jadhav and Shankar Pawar lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11934524", "title": "Furtado denies meeting Luizinho", "text": "MARGAO: Reacting strongly to the charges made by Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao, independent candidate Avertano Furtado along with his supporters, the BJP Navelim Mandal together hit out at Alemao and furthermore, predicted winning the upcoming assembly elections in Navelim by a margin of at least 5,000 votes.Addressing mediapersons on Friday, Furtado and the BJP Navelim Mandal refuted all allegations leveled against them by Alemao recently such as Furtado holding a meeting with former MLA Luizinho Faleiro, splitting the Catholic votes and that BJP was a communal party.Further targeting his bete-noire, Furtado demanded to know on what grounds was Alemao contesting from Navelim. He said that he would see to it that 'this will be his (Alemao's) last term and that he is sent back packing to Benaulim'. The independent candidate accused the PWD minister of accepting bribes while giving out government jobs, even to the handicapped people. \"If I am elected, I will work towards the development of people from Navelim and will not take even a single paisa from anyone,\" said Furtado, while stating that his focus would be \"to help the locals get jobs\".Furtado further demanded that Alemao produce evidence to support his claims that Faleiro had a meeting with him (Furtado) recently and added that he had not contacted the former Navelim MLA at all.BJP minority cell president Shaikh Jina added that the BJP was not communal, but was a secular party. He hit out at Alemao for trying to divide the people with such provocative comments. Jina stated that the BJP Navelim mandal and its supporters were fully backing Furtado in the forthcoming elections.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934437", "title": "Encroachments from 3 buildings cleared", "text": "INDORE: Three more buildings faced the hammer of civic body on Friday under its drive against illegal construction. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) demolished illegal constructions from three buildings and also recovered a fine of around Rs 28,000 from the owners of the property.The corporation has noticed that basements, that are normally reserved for parking and has to be kept open, are encroached upon by the builders who build shops and commercial establishments illegally.Early morning the demolition squad of civic body at Zone IX demolished fours shops constructed in the basment of Indo-construction. The civic body removed the illegal constructions made in about 600 square feet area and also recovered a fine of Rs 12,000 from the owners of the property. Thereafter, the team reached Shishakti Krisha Nirman in same zone and demolished illegal construction in the basement spread over 1300 square. The team recovered fine of Rs 15,000.Similarly, illegal construction at a house owned by Bansant Kumar was also removed. He has constructed a room in the parking area on about 300 square feet. The civic body collected fine of Rs 1000.IMC has demolished illegal constructions from a dozen buildings in past one week in the city. The corporation has prepared a list of 79 buildings that have made illegal constructions and the drive is being undertaken to demolish all illegal structures.City engineer Harbhanjan Singh said that encroachments are removed from each zone every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932098", "title": "Alliance, infighting blamed for Congress rout", "text": "MUMBAI: It took the Congress just four years to dislodge the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance from Mantralaya, but the BMC crown continues to elude it for 17 long years. And even a first-time alliance with the NCP at the civic level couldn't save it from total rout. Before the end credits rolled on Friday, an alliance the party hoped would be it biggest strength was being labeled the chink its armour.The Congress won 71 seats when it fought solo in 2007, while it won a meagre 50 on Thursday, among its worst ever scores in the city. The verdict is especially a major setback for chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Mumbai Congress president Kripa Shankar Singh. While the Sena tore into the Congress, attacking the party's infighting and Singh, the Congress again failed to capitalise on an anti-incumbency factor. Inept handling of intra-party disputes and allegations against senior party leaders like Singh, widespread nepotism and corruption in allotment of seats, lack of co-ordination at all levels and the absence of any star campaigners made it at most a half-hearted attempt at victory.When Chavan announced his plan to contest the election jointly with the NCP, former Mumbai Congress president Gurudas Kamat strongly opposed it, arguing the NCP had no presence in the metropolis. Another Congress MP Priya Dutt too opposed it, but Chavan and Singh forced their agenda. Then followed a dispute over distribution of seats. Senior Congress leader Ajit Sawant levelled charges of corruption and nepotism against Singh, while Congress MPs Sanjay Nirupam and Dutt alleged that nominees in their parliamentary constituencies were selected without their consent and knowledge. While Dutt met Congress president Sonia Gandhi , Nirupam expressed displeasure with the way his recommendations were rejected. But neither the party high command nor Chavan could address the issues raised by Sawant, Dutt, Kamat and Nirupam.The lack of coordination at all levels was also telling, compared to the saffron combine. The first-ever Congress-NCP joint meeting was a flop show, which Chavan himself admitted.Moreover, Chavan led the campaign alone in Mumbai, while senior leaders like Union cabinet ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde and Pratik Patil stayed away. Aggressive campaigning was missing in the metropolis. Congress workers were hoping either Sonia or AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi would address at least one rally in the city but both were busy with Uttar Pradesh.It was also expected that senior Congress and NCP leaders would address a joint meeting in Mumbai on the last day of campaigning, but candidates were left disappointed. Chavan was busy that day in a roadshow, while Pawar was campaigning against Congress nominees in Pune as the two parties didn't have an alliance there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934369", "title": "Mixed results in Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: The Congress-NCP looked set for a post-poll alliance to form the new civic body in Amravati while in Akola it a hung verdict with no political alliance getting a workable majority. In Nagpur. The BJP-Sena alliance was far ahead and were certain to keep the saffron flag flying atop the Nagpur Municipal Corporation. The suspense in Akola and Amravati ended with the civic poll results out by Friday afternoon, but in Nagpur the counting formalities were continuing till late evening and final tally was awaited.Shrugging off a stiff fight from the Congress-NCP in Akola and Nagpur, the BJP-Sena -RPI (Athavale) 'mahayuti' came out with unexpectedly good numbers and were in a position to form civic bodies in the two cities. In Amravati, despite fighting separately without a pre-poll alliance, the Congress did well to 25 seats and emerge the largest party followed by the NCP which got 17 seats. The two are in process of joining hands to keep control in the Amravati municipal corporation with some help RPI or independents to reach half-way mark of 44 in the 87-member house.In Akola all major political alliances -- Congress-NCP, BJP-Shiv Sena or BRP-BMS led alliance-- failed to secure either simple or absolute majority in the 73-member house of Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) in the civic polls results declared on Friday. Party-wise position was : Congress - 18, NCP- 05, BJP-18, SS-8, BRP-BMS Sanyukta Vikas Aghadi - 7, UDF (United Democratic Front) - 2, Akola Vikas Aaghadi - 2, Samajwadi Party - 1, MNS - 1 and Independents - 11.The prominent candidates who suffered defeat defeat in Akola were: Suresh Patil (Congress) the mayor of superseded AMC house Dr Zishan Hussain (Congress) the son of Azhar Hussain senior Congress leader and former minister Pawan Padiya expelled BJP leader, Dr Kishor Malokar (BJP, Mahadeorao Bundele (PWP) have been defeated. Nikhilesh Divekar (Congress) former deputy mayor was also defeated.The prominent winners were : City Congress chief and former mayor Madan Bhargad has won the election by the slender margin of only 6 votes. Haji Aziz Pahelwan Sajid Khan Pathan and Abdul Jabbar of the Congress got elected. 37 out of 251 women candidates were elected and thus Akola acquired the status of female dominated house, thanks to 50 per cent reservation for women for the first time.BJP-Sena combine (26) has to garner the support of 11 independents to form a ruling colaition. Moroever, Congress-NCP won 23 seats falling short by 3 to 4 seats to form a government in civic house.The post of mayor post in Akola is reserved for scheduled caste woman. Karuna Ingle of BJP Vaishali Manwatkar, Jyotsna Gawai both of BRP BMS and Madhuri Meshram (Independent) are the prominent women contenders for the mayoral post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937509", "title": "IIT alumni dominate global Indian tech influencers list", "text": "Alumni of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) dominate the list of Top 20 Global Indian technology influencers listThe tech journal, Dataquest's list of Top 20 Global Indian technology influencers is dominated by alumni of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT).The list is also dominated by multiple Indians from search giant, Google (Amit Singhal, Google fellow; Nikesh Arora, chief business officer and Sundar Pichai, senior VP, Chrome) and Hewlett Packard (Prith Banerjee, senior VP research and director, HP Labs and Vyomesh Joshi, executive VP, printing imaging). Also in the list are those charged with building the technology roadmaps for the world's top software companies: Vishal Sikka, Chief Technologist of SAP; Thomas Kurian, in charge of the product roadmap of Oracle and Satya Nadella, the president of Microsoft's servers and tools business, and US government's first federal CTO Aneesh Chopra (who stepped down on February 8), McKinsey consultant Dilip Wagle, and blogger Om Malik of GigaOM.Padmasree Warrior, CTO, Cisco, is the only woman on this list.Most of those on the list are engineers, with a majority from the IITs (Madras, Kharagpur,Kanpur and Roorkee), and other colleges like IT BHU, MS University, Osmania, and Manipal University.IBM , which employs more people in India than in the US, does not have any Indian executive in the list.Top 20 tech influencers list (In alphabetical order):1 Abhijit Talwalkar, CEO, LSI2 Amit Singhal, Google fellow, Google3 Aneesh Chopra, federal CTO,US Government4 Arvind Sodhani, EVP president, Intel Capital, Intel5 Dilip Wagle, director, McKinsey Co6 Nikesh Arora, chief business officer, Google7 Om Malik, blogger, investor, GigaOM8 Padmasree Warrior, SVP, Engg CTO, Cisco9 Prabhakar Raghavan, chief strategy officer, executive vice president Yahoo! Labs10 Prith Banerjee, SVP, research, and director, HP Labs Hewlett-Packard11 Sanjay K Jha, chairman CEO. Motorola Mobility12 Satya Nadella, president, servers tools business, Microsoft13 Shantanu Narayen, CEO, Adobe14 Sundar Pichai, SVP, Chrome Google15 Thomas Kurian, EVP, product development, Oracle16 Vinod Khosla , founder, Khosla Ventures17 Vishal Sikka, CTO member, exec board, SAP18 Vivek Kundra , EVP, emerging markets, Salesforce.com19 Vivek Ranadive, CEO, TIBCO20 Vyomesh Joshi, EVP, printing imaging, Hewlett-Packard", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11934088", "title": "Cong leads the pack in Chandrapur, Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Congress emerged as the leading party winning 21 seats in the 57-member house of Chandrapur zilla parishad. BJP came a close second grabbing 18 seats. The scenario in the panchayat samiti elections was the same with Congress winning 45 and BJP 32.The counting of votes was carried out in tehsils across the district and the results were declared by the evening on Friday.Despite being the leading party, Congress went down by four seats as compared to the last tenure, when they had won over 25 seats, while BJP retained its last term's count of 18 seats. NCP won seven seats, gaining two seats from last time. Yuvashakti Sanghatna which contested for the first time under the banner Vidarbha Jansangram Samiti won five seats. Shetkari Sanghatna and Shiv Sena won two seats each, while BSP and MNS won a seat apiece.Congress also led the tally in the panchayat samiti by grabbing 45 of the total 114 seats. BJP won 32 and NCP 12. Yuva Shakti Sanghatna opened its account by winning 10. Shetkari Sanghatna won 7, Shiv Sena 2, BSP 1, MNS 1, PRP and Independents won three seats in the panchayat samiti elections.In Gadchiroli too Congress led the tally by bagging 15 seats in the zilla parishad elections. NCP won 9 while BJP got 7 and Yuvashakti Sanghatna four. Shiv Sena managed to get only two seats. A total of 11 independents have won from different seats. It is likely that Congress and NCP will join hands to grab power in Gadchiroli. According to the results declared till evening of panchayat samiti election, Congress took the lead while NCP tailing in second position by the time of filing this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932465", "title": "Court backs restrictions imposed by poll panel", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has endorsed Election Commission's restriction as incorporated in the model code of conducted that ministers and other authorities shall not announce any financial grants in any form or promises thereof and that they shall not make promise for construction of road or providing drinking water facility etc.A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice Satish Chandra dismissed a writ petition filed by Dr Nutan Thakur challenging the aforesaid restrictions of the commission.She had argued that the restrictions violated the principles of equity provided in Article 14 of the Constitution and also amounted to restraining the government authorities and ministers from discharging their obligations. The bench reasoned that the authorities and ministers could perform this obligation during their five-year tenure before announcement of election.And, if they announce such promises, it is merely \"allurement\" and example of \"unfair practice\". The court also asked the EC that if anyone is found violating the model code of conduct, the violator must be punished severely to maintain the fairness in the country's electoral process. The bench however, clarified that if something is there in the election manifesto, it can be propagated, but promise made or declaration done after notification of election to appease people shall not be a healthy practice on the part of people's representatives.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "11939526", "title": "'Topless' Ukrainians may face jail for insulting Indian flag", "text": "MOSCOW: The Ukrainian women activists who tore up the Indian flag in a topless act in Kiev last month to protest India's reported tightening of visa rules for young women from Ukraine may land in jail for up to four years.Carrying placards that read \"Ukraine is not brothel\" and \"I am not prostitute\", the women had climbed up to the balcony of the Indian ambassador's residence in the Ukrainian capital, after stripping up to the waist braving sub-zero temperatures to lodge a novel protest.They were enraged over the Indian Foreign Ministry's reported instructions to carry out detailed checks of all Ukrainian women aged 15 to 40 seeking Indian travel visa.An Indian media report had said that the move by New Delhi was aimed at checking the growing prostitute rackets involving women from Central Asian nations.Russian news agency 'RIA Novosti' said, \"In a first, Ukrainian topless protesters 'Femen' face a criminal case in their home country, though not over their practice of stripping in public for a good cause.\"The protesters tore down the Indian flag, beat it about doors and windows and threw it on the ground. Despite temperatures of minus 4 degrees Celsius, all of them were topless.The incident resulted in two cases opened on separate charges of hooliganism and desecration of state symbols, Ukrainian police said. No one was charged as of last evening.Femen, media darlings due to their methods of protests, have been active since 2008, staging political protests in Ukraine and outside the country. The group declared freedom of speech and protection of women's rights as its goals.Group members never faced criminal cases before, getting away with fines or brief arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932441", "title": "Court hearing on Feb 24", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the HC on Friday restrained itself from passing stricture against the government that the state machinery has failed, following the additional advocate general JN Mathur's repeated request that the state government would complete all the formalities regarding the release of funds for construction of the new HC premises in Gomtinagar within a week.The court will hear matter on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932440", "title": "Candidates gear up for first CMAT", "text": "MUMBAI: A majority of the 70,000 candidates who will appear for the first common management aptitude test (CMAT), conducted by the All-India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), are from Mumbai, Pune and Jaipur. The online test for admissions to management institutes across the country will be conducted over a period of nine days from February 20 to 28.While most students have picked up their own test dates for the entrance exam, the highest numbers have registered for the weekend. About 7,500 candidates will take the test on February 25 and 8,000 on February 26, said AICTE chairman S S Mantha. He added that around 7,000 candidates have registered for the first day as well. The tests will be conducted in shifts across the nine-day period. Students will have to carry their photo identity card along with their hall tickets. Mantha added that a majority of students appearing for the tests are from Mumbai, Pune and Jaipur.Within a couple of months of AICTE announcing the conduct of CMAT, book stalls in the city already had books that claimed to be preparing students for the test. A book stall owner near Churchgate station claimed that copies of R Gupta's popular masterguide for CMAT was sold out within days. However, Mantha said, \"Students should not fall prey to such books. The council has not printed any books for CMAT and neither has it prescribed any. The preparations should be similar to what students do for other management entrance tests, including CAT. They should not get hassled over the test pattern.\" The test will be conducted across 69 centres in the country.One of the students, Rajesh Nair, said, \"There have been no problems so far in getting the hall tickets. However, we have been asked to get our hall tickets attested since all procedures were done online. The only curiosity now is to know the difficult the test will be.\"According to Sai Kumar, TIME coaching institute, around 20% of students who are appearing for CAT from their Mumbai centre have also opted for CMAT. \"The numbers will be higher next year with the state scrapping the local CET,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11934696", "title": "Alemao defends British friend", "text": "MARGAO: While the Election Commission of India (ECI) has taken cognizance of the incident regarding British MP Keith Vaz speaking at Valanka Alemao's campaign meeting in Benaulim recently, PWD minister Churchilll Alemao is of the view that Vaz cannot be held to be on the wrong side of the law for campaigning in favour of his daughter.\"Vaz is a person of Indian origin (PIO) status. He is free to campaign for anybody,\" Alemao told TOI when contacted, adding that Vaz was his family friend.The issue has assumed significance in the wake of a complaint lodged by the editor of a news portal, Savio Rodrigues, accusing Valanka of threatening him with dire consequences if he went ahead with his journalistic investigations into the 'Keith Vaz' episode.Based on the complaint, the Margao police have already booked a non-cognisable offence against Valanka under section 506 (2) and 171 of the IPC.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11933949", "title": "HDMC wakes up to civic workers\u2019 risks", "text": "HUBLI: After a civic worker paid with his life while cleaning a drain in Dharwad on Thursday, the HDMC has woken up to the risk posed by drains to workers. The corporation is now planning to implement more safety measures so as to avoid such incidents in future.The corporation is taking steps to standardize the operating procedure of works initiated by the corporation involving civic workers in the twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad. As a first step, documentation of each event or work including cleaning of roads, or gutters or cleaning blocked garbage will be taken up. After the work is carried out by the civic workers under the guidance of supervisors, the head of the particular team or supervisor will have to submit immediate report to the commissioner explaining him about how the work was carried out.Corporation has also decided to minimize human intervention or involvement in cleaning and clearing of blocked drains. Towards this, three advanced jetting and sucking machines will be purchased to clean blocked drains. Each machinemounted vehicle will cost around Rs 30 lakh. Three mechanical street sweeping machines will be purchased to avoid involvement of civic workers in risky cleaning works.Speaking to TOI, HDMC commissioner K V Trilokchandra said, \"We are already following some safety measures and also giving protective equipment like gloves, mask, shoes etc. to civic workers.Now we will lay more thrust on strengthening safety measures. We will also conduct rigorous training for civic workers preparing them to deal with hazardous or dangerous situation like clearing blocked garbage under the huge pipeline to avoid any tragedy and to motivate them to stick to the safety measures while cleaning,\" he said. ---------", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933920", "title": "Ponzi scam: Accused flee country", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city crime branch officials registered yet another case of Ponzi scam on Thursday wherein son of a former crime branch constable floated a scheme and duped many of crores. However, the action came a little late as the two main accused in the case reportedly fled the country on the same day.City crime branch officials said they had got an application last month from Ashtaq Khan Pathan, a trader and resident of Machchipith in Raopura of Vadodara, against Kutbuddin Saiyad and Moinuddin Saiyad, sons of Nizamuddin Saiyad, an old hand at city crime branch. The Saiyad brothers had floated Aliva Enterprise that promised 15 per cent monthly returns on the investments made by people. As per Pathan's complaint, he and his family members had invested a total of Rs 1.71 crore over a period of six months in 2010 and 2011.In return, the investors got Rs 4 lakh as first payouts from the company but the money flow stopped and the promoters went underground. When other Ponzi scams went bust in the city, Pathan realized that he had been duped. He contacted Saiyad and demanded his money back but he did not get anything except promises. The Saiyad brothers have cases registered against them for cheating and breach of trust with Gaekwad Haveli police station, Navrangpura police station and city crime branch. Nizamuddin Saiyad was shunted out of crime branch after the episode as the agency was probing a number of Ponzi cases.The complaint was filed on Thursday by city crime branch officials. However, sources said that the brothers are now out of country and have allegedly flown to Dubai to evade police action. Investigators said that they don't have any confirmation of the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934455", "title": "United Porvorkar declares support to Parvatkar", "text": "PANAJI: United Porvorkar, a group with members from the Congress, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), on Friday declared unconditional support to BJP's Porvorim candidate Govind Parvatkar.United Porvorkar claim that they have the support of 21 out of 31 panch members from three panchayats-Socorro, Pehna-de-Franca and Salvador-do Mundo, and one Zilla Member, Gopesh Naik. They also claim that they account for over 2,500 votes in Porvorim constituency.Speaking to media persons, United Porvorkar president Prasad Fatarpekar said the aim is to defeat the independent candidate Rohan Khaunte in the March 3 assembly election. \"I am still a Congressman but for this election I am supporting BJP.\"He also said for the larger interests of the welfare and development of Porvorim, United Porvorkar has decided to give unconditional support to the BJP in Porvorim. \"This decision was taken after discussing and deliberating all the candidates contesting in Porvorim\" he added.Fatarpekar also said that Khaunte does not have any scheme for the development of Porvorim. \"When he met us, we told him to come out with his manifesto, but to date, he has not released it.\"He also said that leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar has assured to take them into confidence before taking any decision with regards to Porvorim constituency, and that is one of the reasons they have decided to support the BJP.\"United Porvorkar was established 3 months ago; earlier, the group had supported Member of Parliament Shripad Naik as the probably candidate to contest from Porvorim. Parvatkar welcomed the decision and said, \"I think they have accepted me as a Porvorkar since I am staying in Porvorim for the last 8 years and I associate with the people in all aspects.\"Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11939504", "title": "War of nerves between Centre, Mamata intensifies over NCTC", "text": "KOLKATA: The war of nerves between the Centre and the Bengal government over the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) found an expression during the inauguration programme of the National Security Guard (NSG) hub in Kolkata with chief minister Mamata Banerjee giving it a miss at the last moment. Union home minister P Chidambaram, however, defended the Centre's stand while inaugurating the hub on Saturday.\"Internal security is a complex issue and responsibility has to be shared. The Constitution does say that law and order and the police are state subjects. At the same time, the Constitution holds that Centre must provide necessary protection to everybody,\" Chidambaram said.Though not opposed to setting up of the NSG hub, Mamata Banerjee stayed away from the programme sending two of her colleagues Union minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy and state food and supplies minister Jyotipriya Mullick to the programme. It didn't take long for Chidambaram to realise that Mamata may have stayed away as a mark of protest over the NCTC. He did his best to clarify his position, without naming the issue though.\"We don't distinguish between political parties when it comes to fighting crime. Most of the Naxalite-affected states are non-Congress ruled yet we are taking on the menace jointly. We are working with all these states. We are very happy to work with the new government in West Bengal. Under this government, Maoist activity has been substantially controlled. In some time, we hope to put down the problem and rid West Bengal of the menace. It is good that the state accepted our advice and conducted joint operations against the rebels,\" the Union home minister said.The Union home minister said this in response to the Mamata Banerjee government's displeasure over aspects of the powers at the disposal of the anti-terror agency - the NCTC - that the Centre is setting up by March 1.The NCTC will derive powers from the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA), which allows it to make arrests or searches in terror-related cases.While the state police concerned is supposed to be kept in the loop when such searches are conducted or arrests made, the state government is apparently not confident that this will be the case when it comes to actual operations or arrests.The NCTC will integrate and analyse inputs on terror threats throughout the country and will have the legal power to make arrests and conduct search operations. Mamata has by her side other chief ministers namely Jayalalithaa (Tamil Nadu), Naveen Patnaik (Odisha), Nitish Kumar (Bihar), Narendra Modi (Gujarat), Prem Kumar Dhuma ( Himachal Pradesh), Parkash Singh Badal (Punjab) and Shivraj Singh Chauhan (Madhya Pradesh).Even as the NSG hub inaugurated at Badu Road has no direct links with the NCTC, Mamata Banerjee's absence has assumed political dimensions.After the 26/11 Mumbai attack, the Centre decided to set up NSG hubs at Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Hyderabad. For the first two year, the hub in Kolkata was located within the Salt Lake Stadium premises. It has now shifted to the Badu Road, about two km from Madhyamgram. Efforts are also on to acquire some more land in Rajarhat for a larger compound. Though much of the essential infrastructure has come up inside the NSG Complex on Badu Road at a cost of nearly Rs 38.21 crore, there are some problems outside.\"Normally, it is the states who demand things from the Centre but here I would demand something from West Bengal. The roads inside the hub are all-weather concrete ones. The three km approach road outside must be widened and concretised. Now, the time taken to reach the airport is anything between 13 and 17 minutes. If the road condition is improved, the travel time can be cut down by 2/3 minutes. This may seem a small difference but in the NSG's nature of work every minute is crucial,\" Chidambaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933765", "title": "Worst performance of Congress in recent history", "text": "PUNE: The Congress party witnessed its worst defeat in the past three civic elections, and won just 28 seats in the 152-member house of the Pune Municipal Corporation. This is 14 seats less than the party won in the last elections, when it emerged the second largest party in the civic body.There has been a steady decline in the fortunes of the Congress since the 2002 election in which the party had won 61 seats. In 2007, this number fell to 42 and this time, despite all-out efforts by state chief minister Prithiviraj Chavan and a host of senior leaders, the slump was even worse.\"It is shocking that some of our stalwarts have lost the election. We accept the mandate given by the people,\" said Abhay Chhajed, chief of the city unit of the Congress. He said that some traditional votes had gone to parties like the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). In some areas, Congress candidates have lost by less than 100 votes, he said.\"We have planned a meeting with Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) chairman Manikrao Thakre and chief minister Chavan. The future course of action will be decided after that,\" said Chhajed.Some seats were won by relatives of the Congress leaders. Sunny Nimhan, son of MLA Vinayak Nimhan, Sangita Gaikwad, wife of former mayor Dattatreya Gaikwad, his brother Kailas Gaikwad and Ramchandra Kadam, nephew of state forest minister Patangrao Kadam, tasted success.MLA and former minister of state for home Ramesh Bagwe had mixed luck. His son, Avinash Bagwe, won but another son, Yasir, lost. Avinash is also a sitting corporator, while Yasir was contesting for a berth in the Pune Municipal Corporation for the first time.Though many party candidates lost, a few had memorable wins. For example, Datta Bahirat, a candidate from the Gokhalenagar area, defeated four-time corporator Nilesh Nikam, a big blow to the Nationalist Congress Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934389", "title": "2-wheelers go on slip road today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To ease traffic congestion on Dakshin Marg between Sector 29 roundabout to airport light point, all two-wheeler riders will now be directed to use the adjoining cycle track (slip roads) on both the sides along with cyclists, rickshaw-pullers, cart-riders.The Chandigarh traffic police have issued orders in this regard and will come into effect from Saturday. Around 1km stretch is an important route due to its connectivity with Ambala national highway and Chandigarh airport.DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said the chaotic movement of vehicles has made the stretch most accident prone area and the motive behind the decision is to bring down the number of fatal road accidents. The decision has been taken on experimental basis and if it does what's aimed at, it will be implemented on some stretches of Madhya Marg and Purv Marg, too, DSP Kumar added.Meanwhile, a total 65 road accidents out of 122 were reported on Dakshin Marg and majority of deceased were scooter and motorcycle riders throughout the year 2011. Apart from it, traffic helpline control room is witness of more than nine emergency calls about traffic congestion and jams on the particular route.Traffic police said for strictly implanting the decision, extra manpower including men and women police personnel, would also be appointed on the street along with some home guard volunteers.Meanwhile, traffic police have also decided to initiate challan drive against auto-rickshaw drivers and maxi cabs, those who park their autos and cabs near the bus stops at Housing Board light point in Manimajra, resulting traffic congestion. The decision was taken after receiving complaints from commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936881", "title": "'The future of Haryanvi film industry is bright'", "text": "The director of much talked about and forthcoming movie Jodi Breakers , Ashwini Chaudhary, 45, was forced to leave Haryana when his first and award winning Haryanvi movie Laado (lovable girlchild) was not screened in theatres \"following a diktat from an influential political family of the state\" in 2002.According to Chaudhary, the then state government led by Om Prakash Chautala , did not exempt his movie Laado from entertainment tax, despite the guidelines of union government which suggests that a movie be exempted from entertainment tax if it wins a national award. Facing huge loss, Chaudhary was forced to sell his flat and car as he had invested Rs 60 lakh for producing Laado, which was considered a huge amount for a Haryanvi movie then.However, it turned out to be a watershed moment for him. He left Haryana to explore his destiny in Bollywood. Without wasting time, he directed one after another popular movies including Dhoop, Siskiyaan and Good Boy Bad Boy. Chaudhary, who hails from Chautala village of Sirsa district in Haryana, tells TOI how he walked out and created a space for him in Bollywood.Why and how did you join the film industry?My interest in literature and story-telling in the formative years and then in theatre and journalism during student days, pushed me towards cinema.Please tell about your struggle in the initial daysWith support from a huge circle of friends and well-wishers and large dollops of good humour, the days of struggle have left me largely untouched.What was your experience in Haryanvi film industry?I had a story to tell. A story that was both contemporary and traditional. Laado was that story. I went ahead and created a film for my people which I think they deserved. I also wanted to push the frontiers on production value, technique, creative largesse -- all of that. I succeeded to a large extent -- bouquets and awards followed. But not from my state. No awards, no rewards, just a stony silence.How did you face the anger of political leaders when your film Laado was released?Ten years later, the situation has only marginally improved. People at the helm of power are receptive to fine arts, but still not proactive. There is no strategy in place and not much pride in the ethos of the land. Whether I want to come back and do another Haryanvi film? Tough one to answer, but the truth is that for such a small territory, a film can now be produced with funds from a large heart. But yes, I may return to create a film that I choose to shoot in Haryana.Why did these politicians get angry with you?I choose to not dwell on the politics and politicians in power at that time ... they are now redundant and ineffective ... at least in my career-chart. All art has a way of making a way for itself. Petty coteries and political vendetta is always short-sighted. Chautala and his men sure were. I walked out and created a space for myself ... I am richer for that experience.What do you feel about the future of Haryanvi film industry?The future of cinema in Haryana can be bright if adequate infrastructural support is created along side a definitive outcome and funding to young creative minds -- in the field of writing, arts, theatre and television.Sukhbir Siwach", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933649", "title": "Pune circuit bench of National Green Tribunal launched", "text": "PUNE: The National Green Tribunal started its Pune Circuit Bench, a dedicated environmental court, at the Council Hall on Friday. The Pune Bench will have its jurisdiction over Maharashtra, Gujarat, Goa and Daman &amp; Diu. The tribunal was set up by the Parliament in 2010 and it became operational on July 4, 2011.Ritwick Dutta, a Delhi-based lawyer, said so far Bhopal and Kolkata benches have become operational, apart from the Delhi bench. \"Pune is the latest addition. The tribunal is an effective tool for communities and the civil society to address issues related to environmental governance.\"Devendra Kumar Agrawal, a member of the national green tribunal, said at the lunch of the bench that the tribunal was formed not to shut down industries but to ensure that they follow the norms. and do not spoil the environment to the extent that it does not support people's existence.Agrawal said Pune is the right place to have such a bench as NGOs working for environmental protection are active here.Divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh said, \"People will not have to travel all the way to Mumbai to file a case or for hearings. The hearings will be held at Council Hall till the new administrative building, located opposite Council Hall, is ready for use,'' Deshmukh said.The tribunal is a multi-member judicial body that comprises judicial and technical members. It has jurisdiction over Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980, the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, the Air Act and Water Act, besides the Biological Diversity Act. It has the power to award compensation and damages to victims of environmental disasters and cost for restoration of the ecology. The tribunal is presently hearing appeals against projects like the Posco's Steel plant in Orissa, the Lavasa project in Maharashtra, the Jaitapur nuclear power plant in Maharashtra and the Lower Demwe project in Arunachal Pradesh.BOXThe Pune Circuit Bench had its first hearing on Friday. Challenging the pre-conditions attached to environmental clearance, Lavasa Corporation's counsel Ravi S argued that the ecological restoration fund was unreasonable and the recommendation made by the Ravindran committee should be reviewed or removed.Ravi S pointed out the discrepancies in the directive of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) that issued the environmental clearance. He also said that the MoEF has failed to follow principles of natural justice. He reminded that at present the case of Lavasa project was being heard before the Bombay High Court and the final verdict is awaited.The Union Environment ministry had in November 2011 given environment clearance for the first phase of the project, covering 2,000 hectares, which was in discussion since the ministry first raised concerns about violation of Environment Protection Act by the promoters. The ministry had put five pre-conditions before the promoters and the state government before the post-facto clearance was accorded.The clearance then included a condition that the company would keep aside 5% of the total cost of the project for corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives and deposit 5% of the expenditure made on the project before the clearance with the Maharashtra government, which would used it for ecological restoration in case the company failed to do the same.The Tribunal told the state government to reply to the appeal regarding the conditions attached to the environment clearance like filing prosecution, restoration fund, among others.National Green Tribunal bench Justice CV Ramulu and Devendra Kumar Agrawal member conducted the hearing. The next hearing is on April 16.ends/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933722", "title": "Shiv Sena has no reasons to celebrate here", "text": "PUNE: The mood at the Shiv Sena office in Pune was somber even as the news of the saffron alliance retaining its hold on the Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) trickled in.Ten of its sitting corporators in the PMC were shown the door by the voters. The party, which had contested as many as 57 seats this time, managed to wrest just 15 seats, five less as compared to the 2007 tally of 20. The only consolation for the Sena was the victory of its alliance partner, Republican Party of India, in two of the six seats it contested.A section of Sena leaders squarely blamed the party's Pune co-ordinator and MLC Neelam Gorhe for the party's poor show. They said that several party workers, including former city unit chief Nana Wadekar, had resigned ahead of the election campaign owing to Gorhe's high-handedness.Gorhe, however, strongly refuted the charge that internal conflict contributed to the party's debacle. \"Internal struggle is seen in every party. We may have won less seats as compared to last election but this does not reflect on Sena's overall performance in Pune district. If one really wants to assess Sena's performance in Pune district then one has to look at Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation where our tally has gone up from six to 15 seats. Even in Pune Zilla Parishad elections, we have won 12 seats as compared to three last time.\"Sharing the view, Shirish Phadtare, secretary (PMC elections) of Shiv Sena said, \"Six new candidates would not have won if there was an internal conflict. Our numbers are low this time because ten of our sitting corporators on whom we had relied upon lost.\"Prashant Badhe, a Sena victor from Patwardhan Baug area, attributed former corporators' defeat to massive wielding of money-power by other parties as well as confusing structure of the panel system.Shyam Deshpande, senior party leader who lost, said, \"It will be difficult to say anything about causes of defeat. Having said this I will say that structuring of wards into panel system is definitely one of the reasons. I had to contest from an altogether different electoral constituency (panel).\"Among the Sena winners are Ashok Harnaval, Sonam Mayur Zende, Neeta Anand Manjalkar, Yogesh Shrikant Mokate, Sangeeta Shyam Deshpande, Sangeeta Rajendra Thosar, Bharat Dattatray Chaudhari, Pramod Vasant Bhangire, Vijay Vamanrao Deshmukh, Prashant Laxman Badhe, Prithviraj Rajnikant Sutar, Sachin Ranganath Bhagat, Deepali Oswal and Sanjay Shashikant Bhosale.Sena's former corporators who tasted defeat are Sagar Malkar, Shyam Deshpande, Raja Balkawade, Shrikant Pujari, Tanaji Lonkar, Megha Babar, Vijay Maratkar, Savita Mate, Dipak Gawade's wife Dipashree Gawade and Ankush Tidke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934540", "title": "BJP shocked by its own success in NW", "text": "NAGPUR: The clash between AICC secretary Anees Ahmed and NCP leaders has cost Congress and NCP several seats in north-west Nagpur. The BJP leaders were shocked when results of the wards in north-west part of Nagpur started coming in.The BJP has won both the seats in Dabha and Gorewada wards and one seat in Zingabai Takli ward. The party had expected only one seat from this area - that of Jagdish Gwalbanshi. BJP has earned a bonus of four seats in this area and west Nagpur MLA Sudhakar Deshmukh is a proud man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11934241", "title": "A glue inspired by gecko feet", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have developed a special glue which they claim can hold 318 kg on a smooth wall, after discovering how geckos produce an adhesive force equivalent to carrying 4kg up a wall without slipping.A team at the University of Massachusetts Amherst has published its findings on the 'Advanced Materials ' journal.\"Amazingly, geckofeetcan be applied and disengaged with ease, and with no sticky residue remaining on the surface,\" said team member Duncan Irschick, a morphologist who studied the gecko's climbing and clinging abilities for over 20 years.These properties, high-capacity, reversibility and dry adhesion offer a tantalizing possibility for synthetic materialsthatcan easily attach and detach heavy everyday objects such as televisions or computers to walls, as well as medical and industrial applications, among others, he said.\"This combination of properties at these scales has never been achieved before. Our Geckskin device is about 16 inches square, about the size of an index card, and can hold a maximum force of about 318 kg while adhering to a smooth surface such as glass,\" Alfred Crosby, team member, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11933758", "title": "MNS reigns supreme in Nashik West", "text": "NASHIK: The Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) trumped the competition in the Nashik West division. MNS either stood at the forefront or came a close second in most of the nine wards in the division. Of the 18 seats in the nine wards, MNS candidates won six seats.Congress, meanwhile, won five seats, followed by the Shiv Sena and BJP (three each), and the NCP managed to get just one. The Nashik West division comprises wards 13, 14, 15, 16, 21, 22, 23, 24 and 25. Both the seats in ward 13 were bagged by the MNS, with Yatin Wagh defeating former standing chairman and senior BJP leader Vijay Sane and Shiv Sena's Prashant Avhad by a margin of over 900 votes.Outgoing deputy mayor Devyani Pharande of the BJP sweeped the election in ward 14. -Santosh SonawaneShe defeated her close rival Swapna Pagare of MNS with a whopping margin of 2044 votes. Pharande got 3862 votes, while Pagare who stood second could manage only 1818 votes.Former deputy Mayor and sitting corporator Ajay Boraste of Shiv Sena won from ward 14 with a margin of 2721 votes. Boraste got 3964 seats while Sanjay Chavan of BJP got 1243 votes. Sitting corporator Seema Hirey (6814) of BJP defeated Dr Mamta Patil (2968) of Congress from ward 15. Former mayor Vinayak Pande (3888) also won the election from ward 25 with a margin of 1433 votes. He defeated his close rival Harish Lonari of MNS who got 2455 votes. Former corporator Uttam Kamble too retained his seat from ward from ward 23.Among others, sitting corporator Gokul Pingle of NCP lost to Dr Rahul Aher of BJP. Aher got 2585 votes while Pingle got 2426 votes from ward 15. Vishal Shinde of Shiv Sena (3036) won from ward 16. Usha Ahire of Congres won from ward 21. Another winning candidates from Congress were Chhaya Thakre with 2129 votes from ward 22, Shivaji Gangurde (2831) from the same ward and Yogita Aher (2491) from ward 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11939012", "title": "Goa carnival cancelled after school bus falls into river", "text": "PANAJI: Goa chief minister Digambar Kamat cancelled carnival celebrations in the state following the bus tragedy in which at least four passengers including two children died on Saturday.\"It's a big tragedy. And we have decided to cancel carnival celebrations\", the chief minister told TOI.The carnival parade was to begin in a few minutes before the announcement came. A large number of people have lined up the D B Road in Panaji - the floats parade route.The floats parade was to be held in Panaji today and next three days in Margao, Vasco and Mapusa. The King Momo was to declare his decree of fun and frolic for next four days.Four passengers lost their lives when a passenger mini-bus plunged into a river at Calvim, Aldona, 15 km from Panaji.The toll is likely to be higher as four schools bags were found in the bus.The chief minister has declared ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh per family. Kamat told TOI that he has instructed the chief secretary and DGP to rush to the spot and that he was monitoring the situation.The tragedy occurred when the bus, on reaching the ferry ramp at Calvim, suddenly fell into the water. The ferry boat had not arrived yet. Officials said the mishap occured due to human error. An alarm was raised and police and fire services were pressed into service their crane. The fire department's crane was, however, unable to retrieve the bus. As people gathered and the fire services panicked, a private crane was engaged. It took more than an hour before the bus was finally retrieved.Among the bodies recovered are two children, a man and a woman. Divers of the navy and Coast guard are continuing rescue operations along with a number of local youth and fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11940847", "title": "Man terrorises neighbour with crude bomb to extort money", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hoping to terrorise his neighbour with a blast similar to the one that targeted an Israeli Embassy vehicle, a 37-year-old man allegedly planted a crude bomb in the businessman's car and threatened him of more such attacks if he did not give him Rs 4 crore.Gyanender was arrested yesterday from Budh Vihar in the capital and police recovered a 'crude' bomb, raw potassium sulphide and a mobile phone from his possession.The arrest came on a complaint filed by one Parmod Jain of Pitampura that he heard a loud sound of an explosion on the rear side of his car on Wednesday when he was going to attend his relative's wedding.\"He thought it as a crude cracker thrown by a mischievous child and hence did not report this matter to police. A day later, he got an extortion call followed by SMSes demanding Rs 5 crore,\" Romil Baaniya, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police, said.The caller also texted that he can cause more damage to the complainant and his family, he said.After intensive searches, police found that the mobile number from which the SMSes were sent belonged to Gyanender who used to supply DVD's on rent in Pitampura and the victim was his regular customer.\"In this process he came to know that this family is into business and are financially well off and therefore he planned to extort money from them. He procured potassium sulphide and prepared two crude bombs,\" he said.On Wednesday evening, Gyanender blasted the crude bomb by throwing it at the back of the bumper of Jain's car.\"Gyanender executed this criminal act after the recent incident of attack on the vehicle of Israeli embassy so as to capitalise on the terror factor,\" Baaniya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11933719", "title": "Why was Advani silent on black money when in power: Digvijay", "text": "KANPUR: Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh has criticised Bharatiya Janata Party leader Lal Krishna Advani for raking up the black money issue. Addressing an election meeting at Moti Jheel, Singh said: \"We want to know why did he not raise the black money issue when he was the Deputy Prime Minister?\"Lauding Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's effort, he said: \"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has released maximum amount for overall development of the state but it has been wasted by present BSP government.\"Singh said that Congress is contesting the Assembly elections to form Congress and not 'coalition' government. Earlier, Union minister Shriprakash Jaiswal said that Mayawati and others have made progress only in one field that is filling their lockers. He said the high turnout till the third phase of UP elections indicated a wave in favour of Congress. Jaiswal said: \"If the industrial city's growth improves, it may double India's growth.\"Considering the city lucky as far as Congress is concerned, he said: \"In the last Assembly and Lok Sabha elections, Congress had performed better as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had started his election campaign from Kanpur. And now once again he is here in the city to start his election campaign.\"UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933438", "title": "Kingfisher may call it quits in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Kingfisher Airlines, owned by the flamboyant Vijay Mallya , that touched down in Kolkata in 2005 with much pomp and fanfare threatens to fly out of the city with a whimper. A flash strike by the staff over non-payment of salaries led to cancellation of one flight on Friday. From Monday, all flights from the city have been withdrawn. Though the airline did not release a communique, an airline official said the suspension is from February 20 to 28. But rumours about the airline shutting down its Kolkata base did the rounds in the travel trade circuit all evening. TOI though could not confirm the development as the airline's officials could not be contacted.Trouble has been brewing at Kingfisher Airlines for several months now following severe financial crisis that led to the carrier reneging on payment to lenders, staff, airport operators and fuel companies.Over the past 18 months, the airline has also been curtailing flights in a bid to reduce operational expenditure. In Kolkata, the flight count dropped from 24 daily departures in 2010 to 16 in 2011. At present, it operates just five flights. Head count was also reduced in Kolkata with staff transferred to Mumbai, Bangalore and Patna.Matters came to a head around 5 pm on Friday when the 51 Kingfisher Airlines employees in Kolkata did not receive the pay cheque due since December despite repeated assurance from the management. The staff has been sporting black badges on duty in recent days to record their protest.When employees reported at the manager's office around 9.30am, they were informed that salary would be deposited in their account by 5 pm. But when that didn't happen, the staff - commercial, cargo and engineering - walked off in a huff, leaving the 24 Bhubaneswar-bound passengers and 174 Mumbai-bound passengers in the lurch.While the Bhubaneswar flight was cancelled, protests by Mumbai-bound passengers led to intervention by airport officials and the flight was ultimately operated later in the evening. The fate of flights scheduled on Saturday and Sunday are not clear yet with employees adamant on a strike work unless salaries are paid.Beyond Sunday though, it gets even more murky as the airline remains mum on the Kolkata operations despite flights from Kolkata to Delhi, Mumbai, Bhubaneswar, Bagdogra, Aizwal, Silchar, Dhaka and Bangkok being taken off the ticketing sites.\"There is a lot of confusion in the market over Kingfisher Airlines' operations. The company has not informed the travel trade fraternity about its future plans. The situation is most unfortunate and I hope it is resolved soon,\" said Travel Agents' Federation of India chairman (east) Anil Punjabi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932787", "title": "'Castration should be punishment for child abusers'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A city court caused a stir on Friday when it asked legislators to consider castration as an alternative punishment for child abusers.\"Castration is the most befitting sentence which can be imposed on any pedophile or serial offender but the hands of this court are tied as the statute does not provide for it...Indian legislators are yet to explore this as an alternative to conventional sentencing,\" observed additional sessions judge Kamini Lau.ASJ Lau sentenced a man to imprisonment for his \"entire life\" for raping his six-year-old niece and directed the prison authorities not to give him any remission.\"The message to be sent by the court has to be loud and clear, and that is 'do not mess with a child' and any person who meddles with the child, male or female, in any manner shall not be spared,\" the court said. ASG Lau added that while castration was a befitting punishment for child abusers, it could not be given right now as legislators in India had not yet considered the possibility.It also directed the Delhi government to grant a compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the victim as part of restorative justice, as the victim had not recovered physically from the abuse. The judge noted that the victim was still receiving treatment and her resistance level had decreased as she was suffering from recurrent infections.\"The possibility of the convict having transmitted some infection to the victim while committing the ghastly act cannot be ruled out... It is cases like these which the ministry of women and child development needs to target for restorative justice so that the medical and legal assistance, professional psychological counselling, shelter and other support is provided to the victim,\" ASJ Lau said.The court convicted 30-year-old Nandan for rape, kidnapping and unnatural sex. Calling the convict a \"live sex bomb\", the court refused to take a lenient view of his act. \"Society cannot afford to have live sex bombs who, if let loose, are a potential threat... particularly to women and children. The convict before this court with his track record of a compulsive sex drive requires to be kept out of circulation,\" it said.Nandan had kidnapped his niece when she was playing with her brother and took her to his house on pretext of giving her ice-cream and raped her in April last year. Nandan had earlier tried to sexually assault women in his family but the matter was hushed up to protect family honour, the prosecution had stated.The court noted that the minor was rescued from the clutches of the convict by her mother and aunt who went to his house in search of the girl. They had found the injured child crying while Nandan was sleeping after committing the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11933653", "title": "Open eateries pose health problem", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Celebrating Valentine's Day at a roadside eatery of posh Civil Lines locality, has cost Ashutosh and his friend dearly as from the very next day, they developed severe stomach ailment following infection because of which they were forced to miss their classes for a week at Allahabad University and its constituent colleges. And with the session end exam just round the corner, the party in the infectious surrounding has worsened things for these young students.Ashutosh and his friends are not alone in the city to get sick because of stomach disorders, as students as well as others have become vulnerable to infections following the dusty surroundings at roadside dabhas and eateries located in almost all the localities of the Sangam City. And even as doctors are bewildered by the increase in numbers of such patients which, they opine, is primarily because of the increase in amount of dust being spread in the atmosphere due to the ongoing civil work near which these eateries are located.Since roads of almost all the localities of the city have been dug up, the dust flying in the atmosphere, especially during this part of the year when bright sunshine is associated with strong winds, is playing havoc with the health of denizens.\"There is an increase in number of patients suffering with one or other ailment related with stomach. Not only the rural populace, but there is also a steady rise in the number of patients coming from decent economic and well-educated background,\" said Dr Manisha Dwivedi, professor and head of the department of Gastroenterology, MLN Medical College, Allahabad.After continues interaction regarding their lifestyle and eating habits, it was found that many of them are regular visitors to roadside eateries and often consume fruit salad and other eatables, sold openly in market, she added.\"Recently my kids wanted me to go for an outing and that too in some open place so we picked up one roadside eatery of Civil Lines area known for its non-vegetarian cuisine. But while having our dinner, my 10-year-old daughter noticed the dust spreading in the air and we could not digest the remaining food and left the dabha immediately,\" said Gopal, an executive.The sale of cut fruit and uncovered eatables is going unchecked in many areas of the city and giving rise to contagious diseases like typhoid, cholera and gastroenteritis, said Dr Dwivedi. \"Eateries at school, colleges or other city points, all are vulnerable and one can get infected.\"Although open eatables could be found being sold in almost all localities of the city, some of the prominent places include Kutchehry, UP Board office, market besides Allahabad High Court, different banks, Loknath, Medical College Crossing, Bairana etc. Apart from these, there are many famous eateries located in the outskirts of the city, while chat sellers are a common site.Similarly, Prof S P Mishra, also from department of Gastroenterology, MLN Medical College, explains: \"Consumption of open eatables is dangerous.\" He remarked that pollution caused by hundreds of cars, scooters and three-wheelers and dust settle down on uncovered eatables. Flies too spread diseases like gastro, typhoid and cholera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11934342", "title": "On-track AI flight surprises", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Air India flight for Delhi has set a new record and this time a pleasant one. The flight remained operational throughout the week and landed on all three days on its schedule.On Friday, there was much suspense among commuters whether the flight would land because it got delayed in its morning trip to Kullu and landed at Chandigarh airport too. Though it was delayed for almost three-and-a-half hours, it did land at Sahnewal.Usually, AI flight (9803) takes off from Delhi at 11.05am and lands at Sahnewal airport at 12.10pm. It takes off from Sahnewal for Delhi at 12.30pm and reaches there at 1.35pm. However, on Friday the flight landed at 15.41pm and then departed at 15.53pm for Delhi. According to AI officials the flight's landing depends on clarity of weather and visibility and if the airport's condition improves there would be no cancellations.While confirming the delay, manager with AI, Amrik Singh said, ''The same aircraft visits two more destinations from Delhi and in the morning it was flying towards Kullu but since weather was not fine there it was diverted towards Chandigarh airport while returning from Kullu. We had to wait for more than three hours for the flight to resume operation.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji/kochi", "code": "11934575", "title": "Missing Kerala girl found in Canacona", "text": "PANAJI/KOCHI: Nearly 30 hours after Aleena Hussain, 22, had gone missing at Canacona railway station on Thursday, a police patrolling team found her alone by the roadside on Friday morning in Nagarcem village , which is almost one-and-half km away from the railway station.A team of Kerala police, which was entrusted by the state government to bring her home safely, was returning with Aleena from Mumbai by Netravati express on Wednesday when she went missing.\"Our robot staff spotted a young woman by the roadside near the forest department office at about 6.10am on Friday. She was behaving in a strange and anxious manner, walking for a few seconds, then sitting down and then suddenly jumping up and again walking. When the robot staff asked her what she was doing alone by the roadside so early, she didn't respond,\" said Canacona PI Rajesh Kumar.Police said that the robot staff which had been informed about Aleena's disappearance, decided to contact the Kerala police team that was accompanying her from Mumbai.\"They were staying in a guest house in Canacona and had left their contact number at the police station. We contacted the Kerala police team and within 10 minutes, they reached the spot and identified the woman as Aleena,\" a policeman posted on robot staff said.A Kerala police staff accompanying the woman said, \"When we tried talking to her, she asked us, who we are? She didn't know that she had travelled along with us from Mumbai by train. When told that we are entrusted with taking her home safely, she said that this (the place where she was found) is her home and asked us why she should be taken to any other place.\"\"Sometimes she turned violent and it is difficult to reason with her. When one of our female staff tried to hold her, she hurt her with her long and sharp finger nails,\" Kerala police said.Canacona police, who had registered a missing complaint, have handed over the girl to the Konkan railway police at Margao. \"As she went missing from Canacona railway station, the case was transferred to Konkan railway police. We handed over the girl to the railway police,\" added PI Rajesh Kumar.The Konkan railway police have handed over the girl to the Kerala police. \"After recording the statement, we handed over the girl to the Kerala police team, who informed us that they would leave for Mangalore by 2.30 pm local train from Margao and get her medically examined in Kerala,\" said Konkan railway PI Vincent Paes. However, later as they found that Aleena was behaving violently, they left for Mangalore by taxi, said sources.Kannur railway police station PSI C Purshottaman, who is accompanying the woman said, \"We are leaving immediately for Kerala as Aleena is neither drinking nor eating anything. She refuses to even speak to us. We will get her medically examined in Kerala.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11933514", "title": "Parinday to spread its wings in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Anupriya Deotale is excited to perform in Kochi for the first time on February 18. The violinist from Delhi and her troupe of fusion music artistes will perform at Jose Thomas performing arts centre (JTPac) in Tripunithura. The band, Parinday, promises a gala evening with 'Western-Hindustani' musical fusion.\"I had played in Thiruvananthapuram once and then I heard great things about Kochi people's appreciation for music,\" said Anupriya. She is the first Indian to receive the noted Ustad Salamat Ali and Nazakat Ali Khan award at Lahore , Pakistan in 2004.Parinday's ideology is that fusion is the one of the best ways to promote classical music in our society. \"The growth in the number of fusion bands shows how people appreciate this branch of music. But usually one school of music is compromised, but we are proud of the fact that we strike a perfect balance,\" said Anupriya.The troupe plans to perform a couple of their new compositions for Kochiites on Saturday. Parinday or 'Birds' is a metaphor of 'the soul soaring to indescribable heights.' The group's compositions and themes are based on ragas, moving freely through classical and western influences.Parinday has performed in many parts of India and even in countries like Spain, Italy, Austria, Switzerland and Germany", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934419", "title": "Five push injured friend to death into gorge", "text": "INDORE: Fearing of being blamed for his death, five friends pushed their injured unconscious friend into a deep gorge at Mehndikund Hills on Friday.A group of six friends had gone to the hills for an adventure trip when one of them, Kewalram, 34, entered a porcupine zone. He was badly injured and was unable to breathe when he came out.Afraid of being blamed for his injuries or death, the five of them decided to get rid of him and threw Kewalram, who was in an unconscious state, into the gorge, additional SP(Mhow) Padmvilochan Shukla, said.The post-mortem report confirms that Kewalram was murdered. All the five accused, Babulal, Vishnu, Premsagar, Sohan and Gendalal, have been arrested and booked under the section 302 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "11933778", "title": "Bangkok blasts: Police hunt for 2 more suspects", "text": "BANGKOK: Thai police on Friday said they were searching for two more suspects, including an explosives expert, as the criminal inquiry into the suspected Iranian plot targeting Israelis overseas with magnetized bombs expanded.The countrywide lookout for more suspects came as media reports said that Israeli defence minister Ehud Barak who made an unannounced trip to Singapore airshow may have been the prime target. But Thailand's police chief Priewpan Damapong denied reports that terrorists were targeting Barak who was scheduled to change planes in Thailand on Wednesday but later cancelled the plan following the bombings on Tuesday.The city police commissioner Gen Winai Thongson said that one of the two suspects may have been providing training in the use of explosives as Thai authorities stepped up security at the country's six international airports which could become possible new targets for acts of sabotage following a terror warning by Israel.Thongson identified one of the suspects - 52-year-old Iranian named Nikkhahfard Javad . He said Javed had been caught on CCTV cameras as he left the house that had been used by the Iranians.Iran plotting more attacks: IsraelAn Israeli counter-terrorism official says Iran and its Lebanese ally, Hezbollah , are plotting more attacks on Israelis overseas. The official didn't identify specific target countries, but said Israel has \"general information reflecting intent\" .AP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932186", "title": "Metro fines intruders in women\u2019s coach", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro came down hard on men travelling in women's compartments on Friday. As many as 30 people were issued challans even as some of them reasoned that they didn't know that the first coach of any Metro train is reserved for women. But all had to cough up a fine of Rs 250.Despite the announcements in the train and pink stickers on the platform, men often violate rules, causing great inconvenience to women commuters. The DMRC drive will continue for a week. Eleven flying squads - each comprising a station manager, a Delhi Metro Rail police officer, a security controller and two group-4 security guards - will be deployed across the six Metro lines during peak hours. The squads will conduct surprise checks and issue fines.\"The DMRC decided to conduct this drive after receiving complaints from women passengers regarding entry and misbehaviour by male passengers inside the women's coach in recent times,\" said Anuj Dayal, chief public relations officer, DMRC.Those found breaking rules, disobeying instructions of the flying squads or refusing to pay fine will be asked to de-board. They will then be handed over to the Delhi Metro Rail Police, said a DMRC spokesperson.Women commuters can also inform DMRC 24X7 helpline number 155370 in case of any misbehaviour or unauthorized entry into women's coach by male passengers, the spokesman said. Interestingly, the drive, was launched during non-rush hours.From November 2010 to present, the DMRC has penalized 6,172 offenders for travelling in women's coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933380", "title": "Unions snub govt order, allow cabbies to refuse", "text": "KOLKATA: Don't crib the next time a taxi ignores your call and wheezes past your nose. They now have the licence to refuse, courtesy their unions that have chosen not to go by the transport department's directive that bars passenger refusal.A notice issued jointly by the three major taxi unions in the city - Bengal Taxi Association, Calcutta Taxi Association and Calcutta Taximen's Union - allows drivers to reject passengers during lunch hours and late in the evening. While police say they will verify if this is legal, the transport department has disapproved of it, making it clear yet again on Friday that refusals were barred.Last month, state transport minister Madan Mitra had declared that refusals will not be permitted, even though the government was ready to consider the unions' demand of 20% extra fare after 9 pm. On Friday, Mitra said the government will introduce a system of tokens for every taxi that will have the taxi number printed on it. When a passenger boards a taxi, the driver is supposed to hand over the token to the passenger with the time of boarding.\"Whenever there is a complaint from a passenger, it will be easy to locate the vehicle. Even if a person leaves behind valuables, those can be easily traced,\" Mitra pointed out. According to the minister, the government is in the process of putting in place a databank of taxis, their driver's and owner's names and addresses. \"Whatever the complaint, we will address it and the tracking down process will be simplified and fast,\" the minister promised.On the other hand, a notice issued by the unions last week says drivers shouldn't refuse patients at any time of the day. But they could turn down passengers during lunch hours or after 9 pm, provided they cite a reason. \"We can't take away their right to refuse since drivers often feel insecure to travel to remote corners of the city late at night. There have been cases where passengers have got off without paying the fare, threatening to kill the driver if he raised an alarm. So,we have instructed them to use their discretion while taking passengers late in the evening. They can refuse if they feel threatened,\" said Ranjit De, joint secretary of the Trinamool Congress-affiliated Taximen's Union. He added that drivers were free to refuse during lunch hours - which have not been specified in the notice - and while they were on their way back to the garage. \"But no excuse will be accepted in case a patient needs to be taken to a hospital,\" he said.Taxis could soon be carrying a board saying 'garage' in case they are about to call it a day, said Bimal Guha, secretary of the Bengal Taxi Association. \"There was an option in the old manual metres which could be used to announce that the taxi was on its way to the garage. It should be revived.We are strictly against refusals, but it can't be ruled out at one stroke either. In case they choose to turn down a passenger, drivers should explain the reason. They could refuse either during lunch hours or if they are on their way back to the garage,\" said Guha.The unions, though, had no idea how they were going to screen if drivers were not offering an explanation.They also refused to acknowledge the fact that it was not going to help passengers. DC (traffic) Dilip Banerjee said he was not aware of the union notice. \"We must check if they can legally refuse passengers just by citing a ground. But passengers were free to lodge complaints with the police in case they are turned down. They may also SMS their complaints or inform the nearest police kiosk. Refusals shall continue to be dealt with strictly,\" said Banerjee. Few of the complaint options, however, work. Calls to the helpline numbers often go unattended.Things could improve once a dedicated taxi refusal cell starts functioning near Netaji Indoor Stadium, felt unions. Inaugurated on Thursday, the cell will receive complaints directly from passengers as well as unions that could be routing complaints filed with them. All refusals will be checked, irrespective of the time of occurrence. \"The driver shall be summoned and asked to explain the refusal. If the police and our representatives believe it was valid, he'll be let off. Else, he will face a penalty,\" said Guha.On Saturday, Mitra will meet taxi drivers and owners operating in the city at Khudiram Anushilan Kendra.The idea is to make them understand that they should behave properly with passengers. \"We are focusing on counselling,\" the minister said. He will also similarly meet unions, drivers and owners of bus and minibus, \"no matter what colour the union\".The transport department has started an exercise of the top brass in the department, meeting all employees and this is now being extended to drivers, owners and unions as well. \"At first, we will tell the taxi drivers politely to do their job well, but if it doesn't work, firm action will be taken,\"Mitra warned. \"I will myself run checks on the road for refusals and faulty meters,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934388", "title": "Bookies makes business worth Rs 2-5 cr; punters happy too", "text": "NAGPUR: The political parties, amid some losses and gains in the just concluded civic polls, would have settled down with the outcome to prepare post-poll strategies. So have the bookies and punters who too had their gains and losses. It's estimated that the bookies made a business between Rs 2-5 crores.As the poll did not witness many upsets, the safe bettors had the last laugh with most of the favourites including the political outfits faring just the way it was being speculated. The bookies had predicted BJP-Sena to win between 59-65 seats while the Congress-NCP combine was expected to emerge victorious in 45 seats. They were not much off the mark.\"Some bookies and punters had suffered losses after predicting a possible win for Congress' Munna Jaiswal over BJP stalwart Sandeep Jaiswal and also speculating a surprise win by BJP's Sandeep Gavai. Both these equations proved wrong and led to losses,\" said an experienced source.It is also learnt that the punters favouring the BJP candidates, as expected, were the happiest lots. \"A couple of bookies also lured the punters by offering some enticing odds against Congress candidate of Maskasath, Abha Pandey who had to struggle against many rebels and insiders who wanted to see her lose. The punters who walked into the trap faced the loss,\" said another reliable source.He added that there was a sound business despite the ongoing Tri-series in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11941491", "title": "Liquor to cost more in Haryana from April", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Liquor will be costlier in Haryana by up to 10 per cent from April as the state's new excise policy is aiming to collect Rs 3,000 crore in revenues in 2012-13.In a major initiative to incentivise winery industry and protect the local manufacturers of liquor, the new policy slashed licence fee for local manufacturing of wine from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 10,000 per annum. It also doubled the import duty on beer.The state cabinet met here under the chairmanship of chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. According to the Chief Minister, the retail prices of liquor, except beer, will be costlier by up to 10 per cent in state. To provide a fillip to local bar vends, the state government has rationalised the VAT rate on bar licences by reducing it from 25 per cent to 15 per cent, enabling the vends to compete with neighbouring Chandigarh and Delhi where VAT rates are 12.5 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively.However, the cabinet decided not to raise the maximum basic quota of country liquor (CL) and Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) for the third year in a row, and kept the maximum number of retail outlets at the same level as in the current year. The total number of vends in the state will remain 3,500, including 2,265 country liquor vends and 1,235 IMFL vends.\"For the past several years, our revenue from excise duty on liquor has been constantly rising. This has been possible because we have brought complete transparency and ensured there is no cartelisation,\" Hooda told reporters later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11934179", "title": "Shiv Sena-BJP coalition retakes Thane", "text": "MUMBAI: Thaneites denied a convincing victory to any one political group in the civic poll here, but displayed greater preference for the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI combine, placing it within arm's reach of retaining power for the fifth consecutive term of the Thane Municipal Corporation. The coalition collectively won 62 seats, four short of the simple majority of 66 in the 130-seat body.Though the saffron combine's hopes of a decisive victory were squashed, the voters also showed little enthusiasm for handing the reins of the civic body to Congress-NCP . In its first outing , the alliance could muster just about 52 seats. The Congress' tally this time was 18 seats as against the 16 it won in 2007. The NCP, meanwhile, improved its numbers to 34 from 25 seats.For the MNS, the result was a bolt from the blue. It won just seven out of the 115 seats it contested. The party had bagged three seats in the 2007 civic poll and had made considerable inroads among Marathi-speaking voters, going by the 1 lakh-plus votes polled by its candidates in the 2009 Lok Sabha and state assembly polls here.It was expected that Marathi voters, who have traditionally shown greater affinity for the saffron combine, would be split by the MNS, directly benefiting the Congress and NCP candidates. There were no such upsets, though. Voters showed a clear tilt towards the Sena and especially its leader Eknath Shinde who is believed to have scripted the party's victory march. Sena emerged as the single largest party with 53 seats, up from its 2008 tally of 48. The BJP won in eight wards as against five in the previous civic poll. The saffron coalition is expected to easily security a majority with the help of Independents.The Sena's prospects for a clean sweep were dulled after some of its top leaders-including Ram Repale, Dilip Bartakke, Pandurang Patil, Chandragupta Ghag and Subhash Bhoirlost the poll battle. NCP veterans Devram Bhoir and Ashok Raul too suffered defeat after a long stint in the corporation , while Congress functionaries Shailesh Sawant and Shailesh Shinde were trounced by Sena contenders.Congress candidate Raja Gavari, who is on the most wanted list of the Thane police with a history of criminal cases including murder and extortion, won from the Vitava ward with a slender margin of 72 votes. The grand old party , however, suffered a setback in the minority-dominated Mumbra township where it was locked in a \"friendly fight\" with its ally NCP. Of the 18 wards in Mumbra, the NCP triumphed in 10 and secured victory for Independent candidate Miraj Naeem Khan.Many of the candidates who won the Thane civic poll are close kins. Among their ranks are Sena's Parisha Sarnaik and her son Vihang who won from Vartak Nagar; NCP's husbandwife duo of Milind Patil and Manali who triumphed from Kalwa; Rajan Kine and his wife Anita who got a thumping mandate in Mumbra; and Ravi Phatak and his wife Jayashree who won from the Wagle Estate pocket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934205", "title": "Enjoy cloudy weekend with cosy nights", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity is going to witness a cloudy weekend ahead and thereafter there is likelihood of rain. According to the meteorological department, with these cloudy days city residents can expect warm nights, but the temperature will fall down after it starts raining. The maximum temperature on Friday was 23 degrees celsius and minimum was 5.9 degrees.\"Saturday and Sunday will be cloudy but there won't be any rain. During these days the night temperature will increase a little thereby making them warm. But after this weekend, rain is expected, which would bring the mercury down resulting in slight chill,\" said an official from the meteorological department.\"We are just hoping to get through these rainy days. It's very cold at night and it would be nice if the nights get warm. At least we won't need heavy quilts,\" said Vidhu Chopra, a resident of Sector 26, Panchkula.Similar sentiments were echoed by Gaurav Verma, a resident of Sector 32, Chandigarh. \"I feel cloudy days are better. It doesn't rain and even nights are warm. Now atleast for two days I won't be loaded with extra woolens at night,\" said Verma.\"My child has cold and has been on leave. I hope the weather clears up fast as we are already in the middle of February,\" said Pooja, a lecturer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11931880", "title": "Cong takes a hit in zilla parishad polls too", "text": "MUMBAI: Friday turned out to be a day of bad news for the Congress. Apart from a not-so-impressive performance in municipal corporations, the party suffered major setbacks in zilla parishad polls.While the Congress had held five more seats than the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in 27 zilla parishads across the state, the party conceded the lead to the NCP. The NCP claimed 514 out of 1,639 seats for which elections were held, while the Congress came second with 449. While results for some seats are yet to be announced, party leaders admitted to conceding ground to the NCP.The Congress held 486 seats before the elections, while the NCP had 481. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and former chief minister Sushilkumar Shinde were among those who suffered setbacks on home turfs. In Satara, Chavan's hometown, the NCP had 31 out of the 49 seats, results of which were declared, while the Congress could claim only 12.In Shinde's hometown of Solapur, the NCP looks set to control the zilla parishad after winning 33 out of the 68 seats, the most for any party.Congress leader Narayan Rane answered critics by retaining Sindhudurg. While the overall tally of seats went down, the Congress won 32 out of the 49 seats whose results were declared. The NCP scored over the Congress in Sangli, the home constituency of leader R R Patil and Jayant Patil. In Nashik, where NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal hails from, the NCP claimed 27 out of 73 seats, while the Congress held 14 and Shiv Sena 17. The NCP retained its Pune bastion too.The Sena won a majority (25 out of 57) in Ratnagiri. The Shiv Sena-BJP took control in Jalgaon, with the BJP claiming 23 of the 68 and Sena winning 15, but this will largely depend on the preparedness of BJP leader Eknath Khadse and Sena's Sureshdada Jain, whose differences are widely known. Jalgaon could throw up an interesting alliance with the NCP winning 20 seats.The BJP and Congress did well in the Vidharbha belt on expected lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933930", "title": "Stolen AMTS bus found abandoned", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The AMTS officials heaved a sigh of relief on Friday. Their new bus worth Rs 26 lakh that was stolen on Thursday afternoon was found on Friday morning, parked in an open field near Naranpura police station. As the bus has been found intact, police believe it to be a practical joke or an act of revenge on part of an AMTS employee. On Thursday, Jayesh Bor, an AMTS official, filed a complaint of theft of an AMTS bus (GJ 1 CX 8079) on route number 107from Sarangpur AMTS workshop between 1.15 pm and 2 pm on Thursday. The bus was driven out right in front of officials and technical staff and nobody knew who did it. tnnA S Pandya, inspector of Kagdapith police station, told TOI that the bus was found by local residents of Adarshnagar society, who informed Naranpura police station about the bus parked in the open field near their society.\"There was nothing missing or no theft attempt of any vital part or even fuel. Thus, we believe that it might be done only by an AMTS driver or employee who knew how to drive the bus. While theft was not the motive, we believe it to be a practical joke or handiwork of a disgruntled employee. We have asked the AMTS officials to throw some light on the internal politics that can help us solve the theft,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11934367", "title": "Parties planned for his special b\u2019day", "text": "MODEL TOWN: His birthday falls on a unique date, February 29, and the plans of his birthday are in line with that only. At the residence of Pritpal Singh, preparations to celebrate his 66th birthday are in full swing as his birthday is coming after three years. Already two parties have been planned by friends and relatives. Usually, he celebrates his birthday either on February 28 or March 1 but this birthday is really special.Pritpal has a private educational institute in Model Town and one party has been organized by his students , while the other one is by his family and friends. However, his two daughters would not be able to join the party this time. \"I wish my daughters could be there but I will have my wife, son, daughter-in-law and close friends on my special day,\" he said.Sharing his experiences, Pritpal said, \"It is always exciting to celebrate the birthday on the actual date, so this year is very special. Every time, we arrange a big bash but my most memorable birthday celebration was in 2004 when both my daughters were here.\" His elder daughter is married in Australia and the younger one in Delhi. \"My wife Poonam took me out for shopping and then to the party venue but even then I was unaware of any party. When I entered the hall, everybody shouted 'happy birthday'. It was the best surprise for me because my wife usually does not conceal anything from me.\"Poonam said, \"Excitement starts rising a year in advance and now it is becoming difficult to wait for February 29. I am just counting the days. He is turning 66 this year and his real next birthday would come in 2016, so we want to make it more special this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933368", "title": "Head rolls for Ponty Chadha fiasco that left I-T red-faced", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance ministry has replaced S S Rana with Madhavan Nair as member investigation in the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) in a change that is seen to be linked to the income tax department's embarrassment over the failed \"search-and-survey\" operation against Gurdeep 'Ponty' Chadha, a politically-connected businessman.Apart from Rana, who was instrumental in the raids against Chadha a day before the Uttar Pradesh polls got under way, four other I-T officials involved in the drive were also removed on Thursday. However, they had to be brought back following protests from the I-T Gazetted Officers' Association.The raids raised eyebrows for both the timing and the insignificant recovery.Faced with the criticism that the operation was a fizzle, the CBDT on Thursday clarified that the taxmen had seized cash and valuables worth Rs 11 crore from Chadha's premises.This was small change for a businessman who has an annual turnover of more than Rs 5,000 crore, and also since he is in liquor business he is likely to be sitting on a pile of cash at any point of time.Sources said that the raid on the premises of Chadha was okayed by Rana on the basis of specific intelligence about the controversial businessman having Rs 100 crore in a chest in his office. The office is located in a shopping mall owned by him in Noida. The multi-layered chest, which was opened amid considerable excitement, was found to be devoid of cash.The Directorate of Criminal Investigation (DCI) that was tasked with the operation on Chadha directly reported to Rana.According to sources, the decision to remove Rana was taken at the highest level in the revenue department in the finance ministry. Nair, as member of legislature and computerization, was involved in preparations for budget. His transfer, when the annual budget is less than a month away, points to a sense of urgency in the revenue department.The failure of the operation against Chadha, who is close to politicians of all hues including UP CM Mayawati , had led to speculation whether the businessman was tipped off about the impending posse of taxmen. The CBDT had, however, clarified on Thursday that there was no leak in the case and also insisted that it had seized lot of documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11934128", "title": "Ticket vending machines at Kovai railway station soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: Soon, automatic ticket vending machines would be installed at Coimbatore Railway Junction and passengers can avail tickets for unreserved compartments without having to tolerate serpentine queues. Taking part in an interactive meeting organized by Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Ion Friday, Divisional Railway Manager Sujatha Jayaraj announced that they will soon install ticket vending machines.With the huge crowds at the Coimbatore railway station, the vending machines will be a great help. There are several instances when travelers miss trains because of the inadequacy of ticket counters. The meeting was attended by Coimbatore MP P R Natarajan and Pollachi MP K Sugumar, among others.Sujatha said the Coimbatore junction was performing well earning revenue of Rs 66 crore per year. She also disclosed that steps are on for the renovation of Peelamedu, Vadakovai, Irugur and Podanur stations. Works on the long awaited foot over bridge in Podanur would be started very soon, she said.Those who attended the meeting requested for better passenger amenities at the Coimbatore station to which Sujatha announced the station would be soon equipped with lifts, ramps and subways. Better waiting rooms and improved platforms are also in the anvil, she said. The works on a 75 meter long subway is fast progressing and 50 percent of its works are already over,'' she said. It would be completed by March, she promised. She also promised to construct platforms at Urumandampalayam and Pudupalayam for Mettupalayam passengers to disembark. The ticket counter behind the Coimbatore station was closed down for want of passengers, she said.She also promised to make Erode-Palani and Dindigul-Podanur routes a reality. Sujatha promised that railways would favourably consider the demand to halt long distance trains at Vadakovai and Peelamedu stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932162", "title": "Hubby held for Borivli woman's suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after a housewife from Borivli, Nandita Agarwal, jumped to death along with her three-year-old son, her husband, Navalkishore, was arrested on Friday on charges of abetment.Navalkishore was in Varanasi when Nandita took the fatal leap from the 12th floor of her building late on Wednesday. Following the deaths, her brother, Saumitra Chatterjee, arrived in the city from Kolkata and lodged a police complaint, in which he stated that his sister was continually taunted by her husband over eight years of their marriage, often tortured physically as well as mentally. Navalkishore was an alcoholic and he would not even let Nandita take up a job though she had briefly studied abroad, Chatterjee stated.\"A few hours before my sister died, she was supposed to fly to Kolkata with Vinayak, her son. We were looking forward to the visit.But suddenly, she called me up to tell that she would have to cancel the trip as Vinayak was crying. The next call we received was early on Thursday from the Mumbai police,\" Saumitra said.Nandita had four brothers and a sister. Her family has demanded a probe into what forced Nandita to change her mind about visiting Kolkata even after completing the check-in procedure. The police are now going through Nandita's phone call records.Saumitra said he himself had been witness to Navalkishore humiliating her. \"Two years ago, in my presence, Navalkishore taunted my sister about her financial status. I was forced to keep mum as I did not want to wreck her marriage,\" he said. \"Navalkishore would never let Nandita accompany him to his parents' place in Varanasi. She had to stay home alone on every festival. He refused to celebrate their child's first birthday. He also objected to her visiting her maternal home.\"The Agarwals' domestic help of three years, Pawan Mandal, was the only witness to the suicide. \"We have asked the police to interrogate Pawan and not believe his version blindly. We suspect foul play,\" said Abhiruk Mukherjee, Nandita's nephew, who is also in the city.\"When her body was found on the parapet, she was dressed in a long kurta but no salwar. This is very strange as she was very careful about the way she dressed,\" he added.Saumitra and Abhirook on Friday claimed Nandita and Vinayak's bodies after post-mortem. They also conducted the last rites in the city. Forensic experts said the viscera had been sent for chemical analysis.After their wedding in West Bengal, Nandita and Navalkishore moved to Jordan. They also stayed in Dubai for a few months before settling in Mumbai four years ago. Navalkishore, who was into real estate business, will be produced in a metropolitan court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11933733", "title": "Appointments trouble J&K; CM Omar Abdullah", "text": "SRINAGAR: J&K; State Accountability Commission on Friday directed chief minister Omar Abdullah and eight others to appear before it with replies to a petition against appointment of politicians as heads of autonomous bodies and advisors with ministerial ranks on March 5.The two-member commission said these appointments \"appears to be political favouritism'' and asked the chief minister to explain his stand on the appointment of eight politicians to the posts with the status of cabinet minister or MOS without governor N N Vohra's knowledge.These appointments require regular procedures under section 13 of the J&K; Accountability Commission. \"The withdrawal of pay/salary to them without any authority of law amounts to misappropriation of the government funds,\" the commission observed.It said posts of advisors to the CM have not been shown to be created of out of any statute or the state's constitution. \"It is being claimed by the government that the posts were created and filled up by the government in exercise of its administrative/executive discretion,\" it said.\"Under the scheme of the Constitution, however, the executive power of the state is vested with the governor to be exercised by him directly or through a person or authority as he may direct.\" The commission sought to know the rules and regulations governing appointment of such government functionaries besides procedures adopted for conferment of status of minister/MoS on the politicians.Omar has conferred status of minister/MoS on eight politicians including his advisor Mubarak Gul and political advisor Devinder Singh Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11934264", "title": "Locals in divine shelter to fight insanitary conditions", "text": "VARANASI: Troubled over the insanitary conditions prevailing in Lohatiya area, the locals have found a novel way to tackle the issue. They have painted over dozen images of gods and goddess on the walls of a serpentine lane in Lohatiya area.According to Rahul Yadav, a local, the lane is predominantly a residential area and people especially from market area have been using it as a public urinal and permanent dumping ground for over 30-40 years.Sandeep Srivastava, another local, said, \"The poor sanitary conditions were creating troubles for residents as well as passers-by who would use the lane as a short route to reach Chowk, Godowlia and other markets of the city. To put an end to the troubles of locals, the residents tried to contact the VNN officials for the cleanliness of the lane. But our pleas were not heard, so people of this area decided to paint the images of deities on the walls so that passers-by would not create a mess here.\"It is worth mentioning here that there are around 14-15 images of different deities and the lane looked cleaner as compared to other lanes of the area. Lallu, a local, said, \"As the area is residential and most other lanes in the locality are generally busy markets, many anti-social elements used this particular place for smoking , drinking during the night, which has also ended now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11940962", "title": "Balochistan self-determination resolution tabled in US Congress, Pak angry", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's top leadership reacted angrily today to a resolution introduced in the US Congress seeking the right to self-determination for Baloch people, with prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani describing the move as an attack on the country's sovereignty.Gilani condemned the resolution moved in the US House of Representatives by Congressman Dana Rohrabacher yesterday.Talking to reporters on the sidelines of a function in Karachi Port, he said: \"We condemn it as it is against our sovereignty\".In a statement, foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar took strong exception to the resolution on Balochistan, which has witnessed a spike in violence by nationalist groups that are seeking greater autonomy and a say in the exploitation of the southwestern province's abundant natural resources, including minerals and gas.Khar said though the resolution was an isolated move by a few individuals, it \"was contrary to the principles of the UN Charter and international law\".The resolution was also against the \"very fundamentals of the longstanding Pakistan-US relations\", she said.She pointed out that Pakistan's national assembly or lower house of parliament had unanimously adopted a resolution condemning a recent hearing on Balochistan by the US foreign affairs sub-committee on oversight and Investigations.The national assembly resolution had \"clearly represented the legitimate reaction of the people of Pakistan\", she said.Khar described Rohrabacher's resolution as \"an unfriendly and irresponsible attempt by a few individuals in Washington\" to create distrust between the people of the US and Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "cuncolim/margao", "code": "11934432", "title": "Parrikar eyes South Goa Congress bastion", "text": "CUNCOLIM/MARGAO: Opposition leader Manohar Parrikar feels a \"massive\" anti-incumbency sentiment and voters' disenchantment with Congress' 'family raj' politics will propel the BJP to power in the March 3 polls.His feeling, expressed to media in Margao on Friday, followed his visit to the party's Cuncolim office where he met members of the Assolna-Velim-Cuncolim Seafarers' Association and welcomed three local leaders into BJP.To members of the association Parrikar promised that their demands for a raise in pension, a seafarer's commissioner and medical insurance would be attended to if the BJP comes to power. The group, in turn, assured him of their support in the polls.After the meeting, ex-chief of Cuncolim municipality Ramesh Desai, ex-sarpanch of Paroda village panchayat Gabriel Fernandes and ex-MLA Arecio D'Souza were welcomed into the BJP.\"Besides the strong anti-Congress wave, people know our performance while in power and want the BJP back. I am confident the wishes of the people will override the political syndrome of Goa,\" Parrikar told the press.Stating that BJP attaches \"great significance\" to Salcete in its poll strategy, the Panaji MLA said BJP would make inroads into the Catholic-dominated constituencies of South Goa this poll. \"Though a lot of Catholics have aligned with the BJP, we know we can't win (in Salcete constituencies) on our own as we don't have adequate organizational set up there to counter money power. We have decided to field good independents in some constituencies,\" said Parrikar.On the medium of instruction issue, he said BJP's manifesto will carry the party's views and blamed the Congress for creating a \"legal mess\" creating trouble for 105 Diocesan schools.On illegal mining, Parrikar said the BJP will support \"legal, eco-friendly and people-friendly mining\". \"That's why we have promised mining corridors in mining-affected areas within 18 months of coming to power.\" He stressed that \"multiple groups (formed along family affiliations) will get together to loot Goa\".Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934470", "title": "At counting venues, winners hog the limelight", "text": "NAGPUR: Slogans, crackers, traditional band and dancing supporters! This is how the day passed at various counting centres on Friday. Activists, party loyalists, and family members crowded the centres in big numbers since morning. Thankfully, no untoward incident took place even after hundreds of supporters from various parties thronged the dozen centres. Though the security arrangements inside the centres were watertight, outside they were found wanting.The spirits supporters, however, started dampening as counting stretched well into evening for unknown reasons. The process went on till 9pm even as other corporation results in state including Mumbai were out by 6pm, raising a serious question mark on preparation by local officials.Activists with flags and placards started gathering at the centres even before the counting started. The trends of first round, started coming after half an hour. As soon announcements would be made on loudspeaker, supporters of those in lead would raise slogans and hug each other. The first results started coming only after 11am. As the winning candidates came out with their certificate, ecstatic supporters carried them on the shoulders with traditional band. The winning candidates participated in short rallies to their home in open jeeps. The losing candidates and their supporters quietly disappeared.The South Ambazari road in front of counting venue Government ITI near Deekshabhoomi square is generally deserted. On Thursday, it resembled a wedding venue with vehicles parked on both sides. The passersby and motorists faced tremendous problems plying on the road as police found lacking in maintaining traffic. It became chaotic after winning candidates came out of the centre to meet their supporters who were ready with bouquets and gulal.The situation was more or less similar at other centres like corporation school in Sitabuldi, Provident School coming under Dharampeth Zone and Mangalwari in Sadar. There was no chaos here as traffic police had blocked the approach roads. Till afternoon, the picture was not clear as both Saffron alliance and Democratic Front were running neck and neck. Permutations and combinations started flowing thick and fast. The actual picture cleared only towards evening when BJP-Sena alliance surged ahead.The phone companies had a bonus day as calls and messages flowed freely between activists, both inside and outside centres. They were seen updating their friends , relatives and party bosses on the latest situation. Nagpurians from parts of the country were calling party activists at the venue for updates about candidates or party positions. Tea vendors and pan kiosk owners did brisk business. The celebrations concluded late in the night with activists and contestants partied after days of toil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11941428", "title": "Accused in dalit hand chopping will not be spared: National Commission for Scheduled Castes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a serious note of the hand chopping incident of a dalit labourer in Haryana, National Commission for Scheduled Castes today said the accused would not be spared and shall be booked under appropriate sections of Prevention of Atrocities Act.The Commission also deputed a central team to undertake on-the-spot investigations and to prescribe relief and rehabilitation measures to victim Rajesh Ranga alias Raju, whose arm was chopped off by a man belonging to the upper caste for drinking water from his pitcher.National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) chairman P L Punia said the Commission is committed to deliver justice to members of SCs and in such cases, the accused would not be spared and will be booked under the appropriate sections of the POA Act, 1989.The incident took place in Daulatpur village of Haryana's Hisar district.\"In order to perform Constitutional duties, atrocity cases against members of Dalit communities are viewed seriously and justice is provided irrespective of any political party,\" Punia said in a statement here.The NCSC Chairman said he immediately contacted district magistrate Amit Agrawal and superintendent of police Ashwin Shenvi and enquired about the incident.A central team under Joint Secretary T Theethan was deputed to see the victim and for detailed investigations, he said.\"The district magistrate informed that the victim was provided monetary assistance of Rs 50,000 and provided free treatment at a private hospital. The state government has also sanctioned a sum of Rs 3 lakh as a part of rehabilitation package. The SP informed that the accused was arrested and a charge sheet is being filed soon,\" the statement said.According to the police, Ranga, a daily wager of Sanyana village in Haryana's Fatehabad district, had gone in search of work in Daulatpur village.The labourer had stopped to drink water from the pitcher of Rajendar, a farmer. But hardly had the Dalit touched the pitcher, the farmer got enraged and attacked him with a sickle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932704", "title": "NCTC: 7 CMs oppose anti-terror agency", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly constituted National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) has run into strong political resistance with a group of chief ministers coming out in the open to oppose its powers. The face-off could trigger serious doubts about the effectiveness of the agency, billed to be the country's principal counter-terror body after its launch on March 1.A diverse group of chief ministers, including personalities as politically disparate as Orissa CM Naveen Patnaik and his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi , said NCTC's charter was violative of the federal structure. They questioned the manner in which the agency was set up, without taking states on board, and demanded that the decision be reversed.The opponents include other chief ministers too - Bihar's Nitish Kumar , West Bengal's Mamata Banerjee , Tamil Nadu's J Jayalalithaa, Prem Kumar Dhumal of Himachal Pradesh and Shivraj Singh Chouhan of Madhya Pradesh. Their number is likely to increase.Telugu Desam Party leader N Chandrababu Naidu also joined the protest, calling for revocation of the notification setting up the NCTC with the objective of improving the country's response to the threat of terrorism. This, when the Centre has set itself a deadline of 90 days to complete the recruitment process and make the agency fully operational.Patnaik was the first to raise the red flag and was instrumental in rallying his peers around. \"My concern is the authoritarian notification with draconian overtones about law and order among others in which the state governments have not been consulted,\" he said. Along with Banerjee, Patnaik has already lodged a strong protest with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934460", "title": "Man held for cheating '4.8L", "text": "Police have arrested a male medical staff of PGI, Sanjay Tharoop, for allegedly cheating Rs 4.85 lakh from Baljit Singh of Fatehgarh Sahib on the pretext of arranging nurse's jobs for his two daughters on Friday. Tharoop was sent to judicial custody. The complainant Baljit alleged he paid the amount to Tharoop in November, 2011, but neither were his daughters selected for the jobs nor did he return the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934133", "title": "Of 63 MNS contestants, just 2 sail through", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) managed to win only two seats of the 63 contested in Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections, on Friday.In an effort to win over the voters' confidence, the party had fielded qualified candidates including two doctors, advocates, MBAs and an MSW. However, only two candidates managed to sail through. Shravan Khapekar, who was contesting from Naik Talao (Prabhag 18), defeated former deputy mayor Annaji Raut. Another MNS candidate Vishaya Khobragade, who was contesting from Kalamna (Prabhag number 15), defeated BJP candidate Mangala Gotmare.MNS had fielded Vishaya after the ward was declared reserved for woman candidate. Earlier, her husband Vikas Khobragade was the corporator from the ward. MNS divisional organizer (East Vidarbha) Hemant Gadkari said, \"The party will take time to win the confidence of Nagpurians and there is always a next time.\" Interestingly, the party had managed to win just two seats even in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11937279", "title": "Digvijay questions Advani silence on black money", "text": "KANPUR: Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh has criticised Bharatiya Janata Party leader Lal Krishna Advani for raking up the black money issue.Addressing an election meeting at Moti Jheel, Singh said: \"We want to know why did he not raise the black money issue when he was the Deputy Prime Minister?\"Lauding Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's effort, he said: \"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has released maximum amount for overall development of the state but it has been wasted by present BSP government.\" Singh said that Congress is contesting the Assembly elections to form Congress and not 'coalition' government. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934627", "title": "Notice to officials on vasectomy of mentally-ill man", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh State Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) has served notices on state Health Commissioner and Rewa district's Chief Medical and Health Officer ( CMHO), taking suo motu cognizance of a TOI report in connection with vasectomy performed on a mentally-ill and married man in Rewa district last week. \"MPHRC acting chairman Justice A K Saxena has served notice on two top health department officials, asking them to furnish a report about the case within three weeks,\" MPHRC joint director (PR) Rohit Mehta told TOI.On February 12, TOI had reported that a 35-year -old man-mentally-ill and married-was sterilized in the district hospital in Rewa district under a state-wide sterilization campaign being run by the state government.Ramavtar Gupta, a resident of Mahsaw village, underwent vasectomy in the district hospital on February 10, according to his brother Moolchand, who has petitioned the police against the incident, seeking action against people responsible for it.In his complaint to Kotwali police, the complainant has stated his brother was taken by two anganwadi workers Kamla Chourasia and Lalita Chourasia from Mahsaw and he was sterilized at the camp.Besides, a 90-year-old person had also complained that the tehsildar was forcing him to undergo vasectomy but the district collector denied the charge, claiming that the octogenarian had some axes to grind against the revenue official", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932843", "title": "Parents of Gold Sukh director held in Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur police on Friday arrested parents of Gold Sukh Trade India Limited's director Manvendra Singh when the couple landed at the Indira Gandhi International Airport after flying from Hanoi. The couple was hiding there along with other directors of the firm. They decided to come back to India when other directors were taken into custody by the Interpol and Hanoi police. Both had taken shelter in Bangkok also.Anil Paliwal, additional commissioner of police, crime, said that the accused, Than Singh Chouhan (66), a retired teacher and his wife Prakashlata Chouhan (62) were accomplice in the fraud. \"Than Singh had withdrawn about Rs 50 lakh from the accounts of Gold Sukh and fled to Bangkok days before the company was busted by the police,\" Paliwal said.He added that while setting up the firm, the couple had provided identification proofs and helped in other formalities clearly indicating their knowledge and implication in the fraud which their son and other directors committed with lakhs of people across the country.Karan Sharma, assistant commissioner of police, south said that they were the first investors in the Gold Sukh. \"In the multi-level chain system, the investors who got associated with the firm in the beginning were the biggest beneficiaries. They withdrew the money over a period of six months and then disappeared,\" said Sharma.He added that they got a tip-off from the immigration officials about two Indians coming to Delhi from Hanoi from a Malaysia Airlines plane on Thursday night.\"A team was rushed to Delhi and we got a list of passengers from the airport. When the couple landed around 10 pm on Thursday, we took them into custody and brought them to Jaipur,\" said Sharma.He added that Than Singh who retired as a Hindi teacher from Subodh Higher Secondary School in 2003 and his wife had fled to Delhi from Jaipur and then to Bangkok along with Manvendra Singh on November 4 last year. After staying in Bangkok for 15 days, they fled to Hanoi.\"They stayed there in a four-bedroom flat for 12 days and then went to live in three separate flats in Ho Chi Minh City from where other directors and their family members including Manvendra Singh, Pramod Sharma and Mahendra Singh were taken into custody by the Interpol and Hanoi police,\" said Sharma.However, the couple escaped and was arrested in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933903", "title": "Kingpin in pig iron theft nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city Crime Branch arrested kingpin of pig iron theft case from Vejalpur on Thursday night. Police have started search for the stolen goods.According to investigators, they got a tip-off on whereabouts of Munna Nazir Shaikh, a resident of Nisarg Society in Juhapura, after which they kept a watch near APMC market in Vejalpur and nabbed him on Thursday night. Shaikh was the main accused in pig iron theft worth Rs 69.74 lakh from Kaligam.Earlier, Abdul Haq Iraqi had filed a complaint on January 31 that somebody had stolen from the stock of pig iron kept at Kaligam railway station over a period of two months. Iraqi used to get the iron from Orissa, Goa and Andhra Pradesh and then distribute it to his customers and keep it at his warehouse. In two months, the group had stolen 214Police had earlier arrested four persons in connection with the case and recovered consignment worth Rs 9.9 lakh. However, the remaining metal is said to be with Shaikh. \"We are now searching for the truck used to ferry the iron and remaining stock. We believe that large part of it has already been sold,\" an investigator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11931952", "title": "1 FIR, 7 plaints on poll day", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police have registered one FIR and seven non-cognizable complaints like that of assault on party workers who clashed on the voting day. No case of bogus voting was registered.The day was otherwise normal because of heavy police deployment at polling booths.\"A total of 24,000 police personnel, three RAF teams and 14 SRPF teams were deployed,\" said DCP (police spokesperson) Nisar Tamboli. Clashes among party workers occurred at places like Agripada, Cuffe Parade, Dahisar, Dongri, Ghatkopar, J J Marg, Jogeshwari, Kasturba Marg, Kurar, Malabar Hill, Mahim and Saki Naka. The Kandivli police resorted to lathi-charge to disperse a mob near a counting centre.The police said party workers had gathered in large numbers and were creating a ruckus, even as the counting process was on. No case was registered.Dahisar cops booked one for abusing a social worker. tnn in Anand Nagar and the Jogeshwari police booked three activists for violating the poll code of conduct by campaigning on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932128", "title": "\u2018Schools must create well-formed minds\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Progressive Schools' Conference (NPSC), an umbrella organization of 110 private unaided schools, started its two-day annual conference on Friday with the theme \"Effective Learning Communities-Exploring New Vistas\".Member of Parliament, Shashi Tharoor was the chief guest and spoke on better use of technology in schools to connect with different learning communities.School education should aim at creating 'well formed minds' instead of 'well filled minds', Tharoor said. \"Education at school should encourage students to stay in a constant mode of learning and explore new vistas,\" he added.On the first day, NPSC chairperson L V Sehgal emphasized the \"learning communities with a constructivist approach must strike a balance between individuality and social connectedness.\"Vice-chairperson Ameeta Mulla Wattal said, \"Schools should aim to go beyond being a laboratory of academia and aim at becoming one of empathy, understanding and compassion.\"NPSC conferred the lifetime achievement award on two of the founder-members - Dr Rajini Kumar, chairperson, Springdales Education Society and T R Gupta, secretary, D A V College Managing Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932224", "title": "HC seeks govt reply on plea challenging regularization of illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre and the state governments were directed by the Delhi high court on Friday to respond to a plea challenging their powers to regularize unauthorized colonies.Seeking a reply from the Delhi Development Authority and the Municipal Corporation of Delhi by May 2, a division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notices to all the parties.The court had issued notices on a petition by one H R Suri, filed through advocate Anil K Aggarwal, challenging the powers of DDA to frame rules for policy of 'Regularization of Unauthorized Colonies in Delhi, 2008.' The Delhi Development Act does not allow regularization of unplanned colonies, the petition contended. The petition also argued that even the Delhi government was barred, under a Constitutional provision relating to land development, to frame any rules in the matter.Suri had claimed that only the elected civic body - the MCD - was the exclusive agency, entitled to take over and bring out schemes for improvement of unauthorized and unplanned colonies. During a hearing earlier this week, DDA had said it went ahead with regularizing colonies only on the orders of HC - which had asked it to frame guidelines. After receiving instructions from the urban development ministry, DDA told HC, it had come out with the guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934643", "title": "'Abandoned' barge half sunk at Adpoi", "text": "Kaustubh MRH 500, an empty barge anchored near the new ferry wharf at Adpoi, was found partially submerged on Friday.Sources said it had been anchored at the spot for almost six months. Barge workers saw water flooding the barge in the morning; by afternoon, the high tide had tilted the vessel to its side, said sources.\"The barge is owned by Lotlikar (first name unknown) from Loutolim and was rusted which must have caused holes in its base,\" said sources.Till late evening the barge was in the same position. Worried Adpoi locals have demanded that the captain of ports act immediately against all such barges lying \"virtually abandoned\" and should have them removed immediately \"as they pose a threat to the ferry boats plying on the route\".Ponda police said they have inspected the barge. No casualties were recorded while no case was registered till late night.Bullet-ridden bison found at Kasarpal: A bison was found heavily injured from five bullet wounds on Thursday by Paresh Ogle in his plantation at Kasarpal. Though forest officials and members of the Animal Rescue Squad, Bicholim, rushed to the spot, the animal succumbed to injuries. It was buried after the panchanama was conducted by Dr Deepak Betkikar.Officials who were part of the team that reached Kasarpal were Subhash Naik, Soma Parwar, Arjun Parab, Sainath Shirodkar, Sudesh Chodankar, Devanand Ghadi, Mahadev Candolkar, Vighnesh Mandrekar, Chetan Chari and Amrutsingh. Environmentalists in the area have raised an alarm about the killing of the bison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11934138", "title": "For Sumesh, it's a nightmare that refuses to go away", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As a child Sumesh had dreamt about being a driver just like his father. Sumesh did realize his dream. But never did he think that his childhood dream would turn into a nightmare that will haunt him forever. Sumesh (20) was behind the wheels when a school van plunged into the dirt-filled Parvathy Puthanar, killing seven kids on February 17 last year.During the first anniversary of the accident, TOI caught up with Suresh S, his father. Sumesh and his mother Sreedevi, however, refused to talk.Suresh said that the whole family went through a devastating experience after the fateful accident. Sumesh suffered a strong mental trauma which lasted for months. It was difficult for him to live with the 'killer' tag given by the society. Sumesh does not even own a mobile phone. He cut himself off from the society. He was admitted to the psychiatry wing of the Medical College Hospital for seven days, Suresh said.''Though he was slowly recovering, news reports on the anniversary of the tragedy made him restless. He started behaving abnormal again,'' Suresh said. He now works at a flour mill at Eanchakkal here. His driver's license is in the custody of the police. The father is still reluctant to believe that it was his son's mistake that caused the death of seven.\"He was a better driver than I am. I always handed him the wheel whenever the family went for long trips,\" he said, adding that it was the unscientific way of rescue operation that killed the children and their maid.When the rescue workers lifted the van from the water, they did it so as the front portion of the van came out first. This caused the children, who were sitting at the back of the driver's seat stay longer under the water. This also made the task of pulling out the children harder.Sumesh, who is out on bail at present, regularly visits the office of the assistant commissioner of police, Sankumukham, and registers his attendance, abiding by the bail condition.The Sankumukham assistant commissioner, who is probing the case, said that the investigation is in its final stages. The chargesheet will soon be framed in consultation with the public prosecutor before submitting it before the court. Sumesh will be charged with section 304, culpable homicide not amounting to murder.Several sections of Motor Vehicles Act will also be charged in his name. If proven guilty before the court, Sumesh could be sentenced for an imprisonment extending to 10 years. He would also be liable to pay a fine.Besides the case registered by the Sankumukham AC, Sumesh is also facing six other cases before Motor Accident Claims Tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933814", "title": "It's Family Inc in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: Relatives of leaders in Pimpri-Chinchwad reaped the benefits of their political connections by not only cornering party tickets for the civic election, but also winning seats to boost their party tallies.Four relatives of independent MLA Vilas Lande were elected as Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) candidates. These include Lande's wife Mohini Lande, brother Vishwanath Lande, nephew Ajit Gavhane and son-in-law Mahesh Landge. Except for Vishwanath Lande, all the other three were elected for the third consecutive term.Speaking to the TOI, Gavhane said, \"We have all been elected because of the work done by MLA Vilas Lande in Bhosari and nearby areas. Pimpri-Chinchwad has developed well under the leadership of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in the past five years. A number of developmental projects have been approved in Bhosari and nearby areas during my tenure as chairman of the standing committee.\"Two cousins of independent MLA Lakshman Jagtap were elected on NCP tickets. Navnath Jagtap was the chairman of the municipal school board earlier, while Rajendra Jagtap was elected as corporator for the first time.It was a mixed bag of luck for Shiv Sena MP Gajanan Babar. Sharada Babar, his sister-in-law, tasted success, but his other sister-in-law Madhuri Babar and nephew Yogesh Babar lost the election.Wives of many sitting corporators emerged victorious , including Rama - wife of Nitin alias Sunny Ovhal, Anita - wife of Machhindra Tapkir, Sandhya - wife of Surdas Gaikwad, Chhaya - wife of Jagannath Sable, Manisha - wife of Kaluram Pawar (all NCP), and Pratibha - wife of independent corporator Dnyaneshwar Bhalerao.Atul Shitole, son of former mayor Nana Shitole, Nitin Landge, son of former MLA Dnyaneshwar Landge, (both NCP) and Rahul Bhosale (Congress), son of former mayor Hanumant Bhosale, also tasted success. Shiv Sena leader Shrirang Barne and his nephew Nilesh Barne were elected as well.NCP leader Jagdish Shetty and his brother Ulhas won their respective seats. Congress's Sadguru Kadam and his brother Kailas Kadam were victorious. Former mayor Mangala Kadam was elected for the third term, but voters rejected her son Gaurav Kadam.Fate of PCMC activists no differentAll the 13 candidates put up by the Pimpri Chinchwad Nagari Sanghatna, an umbrella organisation of 17 civil society groups and three political parties, were defeated in the municipal election in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Manav Kamble, president, Pimpri Chinchwad Nagari Sanghatna, said, \"A huge amount of money was spent in the municipal elections. Money and muscle power had its effect during the election. Voters did not consider the social work done by activists while voting. The defeat of social worker and corporator Maruti Bhapkar is unfortunate and demoralising for social workers in the city.\"Independent corporator Bhapkar, who lost the election, said, \"Money and muscle power played a major role in the election. However, I will continue to work for the benefit of the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "11934298", "title": "FIR against minister\u2019s husband", "text": "MADHEPURA: A case was lodged under the SC/ST Act against state industries minister Renu Kumari Kushawha's husband Vijay Kumar Singh on the charges of abusing and assaulting some Mahadalit women at Udakishunganj in Madhepura district on Friday.Madhepura SP Gopal Prasad said an FIR was lodged against Singh for allegedly abusing and assaulting some Maha dalit women at the circuit house, Udakishunganj, on Friday. Some Mahadalit women of Pipra-Karaut panchayat, on getting information that the minister would visit Udakishunganj, went to meet her at the circuit house. The minister was not present there, but the minister's husband and JD (U) leader Vijay Kumar Singh, Pipra-Karaut panchayat mukhiya and some other persons were there.As the minister was not present, the Mahadalit women decided to vent their grievances before them and complained that their names had not been listed for the benefits related to rehabilitation. Peeved at their \"audacity\", the JD (U) leader allegedly abused and assaulted them, police said. Two Maha dalit women , Rukiya Devi and Runa Devi, lodged the FIR against the minister's husband, mukhiya and the bodyguard, sources said. However, Singh said it was a conspiracy hatched by his opponents to malign him. \"Earlier also, my opponents had tried to implicate me in an accident case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933304", "title": "1-year-old tiger cub found dead", "text": "MYSORE: A one-year-old tiger cub was found dead inside Nagarahole National Park on Friday. Forest officials suspect that it could have died due to injuries sustained during a fight with another tiger in the forest.Field director (Project Tiger) B J Hosmath visited the site in Sunkadakatte in Antarasanthe range of the tiger reserve. The cub, which sustained injuries in its neck, was found dead near a water tank, called tiger tank given that big cats use it to quench their thirst.Sources said Nagarahole conservator of forest Vijayranjan Singh found the dead cub while on an early morning tour and informed the higher-ups. \"It is suspected that the wild cat died due to the injury,\" sources stated, ruling out foul play. Its nails, bones and skin are intact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11933735", "title": "India-returned Tibetans to be politically re-educated in China", "text": "BEIJING: A US-based human rights group claimed China is reviving a 40-year old system of political re-education for a group of Tibetans who recently travelled to India to meet the Dalai Lama.The move is surprising as it's unlikely the Tibetans, who travelled to India with valid visas, went without the tacit approval of authorities, who closely monitor movement. The Human Rights Watch (HRW) of US said that Tibetan monks and nuns who are being put through re-education classes that include patriotic training. It did not specify the number of people included in the programme.\"This is the first known instance since the late 1970s in which the Chinese authorities have detained lay people in Tibet in large numbers to force them to undergo re-education ,\" HRW said on Friday.Tibetan monk dies of self-immolationTibetan monk burned himself to death on Friday in a protest against a crackdown on his monastery, in the latest of a wave of self-immolations against Beijing's rule, an exile group said. Tamchoe Sangpo set himself alight after he failed to persuade security forces to leave his monastery in Qinghai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11934635", "title": "\u2018NCTC a setback to federal structure\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: \"Now they can pick up any one from any state without informing the concerned state\", says Shivraj Singh Chouhan .Incidentally, the same day his counterpart in Gujarat Narendra Modi has also criticised the new anti -terror agency in Ahmadabad. Before Shivraj, chief ministers of Odisha, Tamil Nadu and Bihar have already condemned the NCTC. West Bengal chief minister Mamata Benerjee is the only chief minister from the UPA constituents who has opposed it. Shivraj said that he would soon be writing a letter to the prime minister demanding withdrawal of the order about setting up the new anti- terror agency. The agency is likely to be effective from March 1. Talking to a group of media this evening, Shivraj said that the NCTC- powers undermine the State's authority, as the officers of the anti-terror agency can arrest and search without consulting the State.\"Are the state governments not patriotic, the centre is not trusting the state governments\", he said. He said that \"the state and centre will have to join hands to fight against terrorism\" and criticised the centre for not passing the anti- terror bill passed by MP Vidhan Sabha. The Bill was passed in 2007 for effective control of terrorism and organised crime. He said that he would discuss the issue with the prime minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933283", "title": "30 cows crammed in a truck rescued at Chengalpet, 5 held", "text": "CHENNAI: Animal welfare activists and police rescued on Friday about 30 cows being taken from Andhra Pradesh to Kerala for slaughter. The cows, crammed into a truck, were being transported from Tilaru village near the AP-Orissa border.Around 10.15am, when the truck was parked near the Chenagalpet toll plaza, some residents of a nearby village found the animals in the vehicle and alerted the police and the Blue Cross of India. \"We rushed there with a medical kit and were shocked to see that most of the animals were sick and weak,\" said Dawn Williams, general manager of Blue Cross. All the cows were tied to a wooden frame. One of them was with a broken leg and while another four were in a dehydrated state, Blue Cross officials said. \"We sent the cattle to the Blue Cross rescue centre in Chennai for medical attention,\" Chengalpet Taluk sub-inspector S Sivagnanam said.The animals, Blue Cross officials said, were being transported in violation of the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, the Transport of Animals Rules, 1978, and section 378, 379, 428 and 429 of the Indian Penal Code. Under these provisions, persons can be sentenced up to five years of imprisonment. \"As per transport rules, a truck can carry six animals as a cow or bull needs two square metres of space. We find overloaded trucks carrying cattle nearly every day on GST Road and on the Chennai-Bangalore Highway,\" said honorary joint secretary of Blue Cross, Satya Radhakrishnan.Based on a complaint from Williams, five people, including truck driver S Karupaiyah,31, of Dindigul, were arrested. On February 7, animal welfare activists and police had rescued 26 buffaloes and two bulls being transported for slaughter from Andhra Pradesh to Kerala near Chengalpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933257", "title": "Seminar on biodiesel", "text": "MYSORE: NIE Centre for Renewable Energy Sustainable Technologies (NIE-CREST) in association Karnataka State Biofuel Development Board (KSDB), Global Reneawable Energy and Power Inc (GREPI) will organize a seminar on 'Biodiesel for diesel generators' at Sir MV Auditorium, Golden Jubilee Complex, NIE, on Saturday between 10.30am and 12.30pm.The idea of the meet is to initiate industries and builders of Mysore to blend biodiesel in diesel for back-up power in buildings to enable biodiesel as an alternative for power generation in commercial buildings, industries apartment complexes and institutions that use diesel generators for back up power.The meet is open to representatives of industries, builders in Mysore and persons interested in incorporating biodiesel as an option for diesel engines. Those interested in participating can contact NIE CREST: 0821-4004914.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933583", "title": "Babus face CBI heat on KG basin penalty", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could lead to problems for petroleum ministry officials who handled the KG Basin matter, the CBI has sent a letter to the ministry seeking clarification on \"steps taken by it to recover the penalty from Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) for unfinished work\".CBI sources said the letter was sent a few days ago as there were several complications about penalty amount, which is also part of the probe. The sources added that they were in the final stages of deciding about registering FIRs.There were reportedly allegations that the Director General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) had significantly reduced the penalty amount of RIL for not sticking to work commitments for developing the KG Basin wells. \"The leniency is against the PSC signed between RIL and the government and oil ministry should have taken steps to recover the penalty,\" a CBI source said.Officials said investigations into whether leniency was shown to RIL would depend on the oil ministry's reply.The agency had registered three preliminary enquiries (PEs) in the matter last year. In one of the PEs, there were allegations against V K Sibal that he favoured RIL and approved an increase in capital expenditure from $2.4 billion to $8.8 billion for KG D-6 field between September and December 2006 for which he got personal favours from RIL. The agency had registered a case against Sibal alleging that he favoured a US-based oil exploration company, GX Technology, by escalating the cost which caused a loss of Rs 400 crore to the exchequer.After registering the first case, CBI had raided Sibal's residence and documents related to the case were recovered, sources said. Apart from Sibal, the other accused in the first case were ex-chief geologist D K Rawat; then adviser (geophysics) S K Jain; former accounts department head K A Murli; then adviser (contracts) Anurit Sahi; ex-finance manager T S L N Reddy; then chief chemist Savendra Gupta, GX Technology and the company's manager of exploration Sujata Subramaniam.The other PEs are still being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "11934058", "title": "No visa without bank balance", "text": "PANIPAT: The curious case of Rahila Vakeel, who after searching for her father Mohammad Vakeel in more than 60 jails in India, after he went missing following blasts in Samjhauta Express, in which he was traveling, on February 18, 2007, finally found that he was buried in grave number 38 at Mehrana, near here. Denial of visa to her by the Indian high commission in Islamabad is a perfect example of human rights violation.Asserting this, Indian lawyer Momin Malik, who had taken up the claim cases of several Pakistani nationals, whose kin were victims of the blasts, said that Rahila and her family was denied visa on the grounds that they did not have sufficient money in their bank accounts. He said the Mohammad was the sole bread winner of the family and expecting the family to have a bank balance after he died in the blasts was beyond comprehension.Similarly, relatives of Sayed Iftikar Ali, Rajiya Sultana, Ijhar Hasan and Jarina Begam are also facing the similar situation as they were also denied visas for not having sufficient bank balance. Malik said that he had repeatedly requested the Indian high commission to consider the case of these persons on humanitarian grounds and grant them visas to at least visit the graves of their family members.However, there had been no response from the high commission, said Malik. He said that as per international laws, the embassy should have granted them the visas if no legal cases were pending against them. He claimed that denying visas to the innocent family members of victims on grounds that they did not have enough money was a violation of human rights.Out of 68 people who were killed in the blasts, only 49 were identified at the spot and four other were identified through DNA tests. 15 more persons are buried in various graves at Mehrana village of Panipat district whose identities are yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937045", "title": "Drama off the cricketing field!", "text": "They call it cricketainment. And cricket with entertainment it was indeed.Arguably, the biggest talking point had to be the heated final match. While the Kollywood and Sandalwood teams are calling for truce over the heated finale , there was enough and more fodder for the tattletales behind all the cricketing action too.From clandestine liaisons to wild partying to valuables going amiss, there was masala that could have been the plot of a film in itself. And the protagonists in this, funnily, were the actors themselves.CATFIGHT! Nikeesha Patel was surely one of the most spokenabout girls this season. The actress, who wasn't in the original list of brand ambassadors, was allegedly roped in as the replacement for Nidhi Subbaiah as the Karnataka team's brand ambassador after Nidhi and the management had a scuffle. Nikeesha was the Telugu team's ambassador last year. And it is said that the current Telugu ambassador Charmme took some jibes at her during the final match in Hyderabad about her swaying loyalty. Her taunt seemed to be along the lines of, \"Unlike other girls, I don't shift my loyalties each year!\"AND A THEFT! Amidst all the controversies and linkups, there was another sub-plot - a theft! Yes, sources tell us that there was someone who tried to gain access to certain rooms on the final night of the tournament and stole gadgets and other valuables from the actors' rooms when they were busy partying. Now it's a case of whodunit!THE FIRST BIG SCANDAL There was the talk of a party gone sour where Priyamani was allegedly 'teased' by Bollywood actor Sachiin Joshi, who was in an inebriated state and Sreesanth played her knight in shining armour. While this party in Kochi saw much hype, the controversy was put to a rather uninteresting end when the three parties involved started issuing press releases saying no such 'untoward incident' (which allegedly involved someone pinching someone's rear) took place.PARTYING GONE WILD A lot was spoken about Priyamani and Shriya Saran's wild partying ways, especially during the party in Dubai that had the whole town talking. While some recent reports said that these two girls stayed away from the big after-party post the finals to keep their 'good girl' images intact, in fact it was otherwise. These two apparently showed everyone how to party that night!SREE'S NEW GIRL While Sreesanth hasn't acted in a film yet, he surely has been linked with many leading ladies thus far. This time around, the actor's close proximity to his alleged girlfriend, Nikeesha Patel, came under the scanner. We hear that he even made it to the final matches of the tournament in various cities to keep Nikeesha company. And, a birdie tells us that he upgraded his lady love's ticket to business class whenever he could!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11933425", "title": "Diamond grading course", "text": "MANGALORE: Manipal Institute of Jewellery Management will organize a diamond grading course in association with the Gemological Institute of America (GIA), a world authority in gem stones and diamonds, from February 21 to 25. GIA is subsidizing the course for MIJM being a training institution.All those who are interested to know about grading of diamonds can participate in the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936617", "title": "A ghostly call for Srabanti", "text": "Srabanti is scared of ghosts and Raj Chakrabarty's \" Kanamachi\" unit is making the best use of it.Recently she felt the brunt of the director's pranks while they were shooting on Chowringhee.\"We were shooting on the sixth floor of a deserted house on Chowringhee. It was well past midnight when I was coming down to my makeup van. Suddenly, I heard someone calling me from behind in a nasal tone. I was so scared that I ran down the stairs. Suddenly I heard, ' Ankush aar bhoi dekhas na bhut ke (the unit calls me by that name), bechara faint kore gele , shooting tai aar hobe na aaj ,'\" said Srabanti, adding, \"I've also come to know that they plan to play pranks on me during our Bolpur leg of shooting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934445", "title": "2 PU students on strike booked", "text": "Chandigarh Police booked two students of Panjab University (PU), who were sitting on a hunger strike, and admitted them to GMH-16 on Friday. The protesting students were Sunny Mehta and Ravinder Mehta, members of National Student Union of India (NSUI), which is youth wing of national Congress party. The students were on hunger strike outside the office of vice-chancellor R C Sobti, demanding the reduction of food prices in the university. The police action attracted sharp criticism from the members of NSUI, who termed it as the murder of democracy. Both students were arrested following the complaint of chief security officer of PU, P K Dhawan. SHO of PS 11, Gurmukh Singh, said students were arrested on the basis of their medical reports in which doctors stated that if they continue hunger strike, both of them will die. A case was registered at police station, Sector 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933142", "title": "Udupi bypoll takes heat off CM", "text": "BANGALORE: The bypoll to the Chikmagalur-Udupi Lok Sabha seat has come as a respite for beleaguered chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda for whom selecting a Lokayukta has turned out be a headache with party leaders remaining divided on the choice.Though Sadananda Gowda claims he has begun the selection process, party leaders say he has not consulted them. A senior minister told TOI the CM has not taken them into confidence on this issue.\"You should know that the chief minister hadn't informed any party leader when he recommended the name of Justice Chandrashekaraiah for the Upa Lokayukta's post,\" the minister told TOI, adding that this lack of transparency has irked Yeddyurappa.Sources in the government revealed that the chief minister has shortlisted names of the judges for the Lokayukta post and of them, Justice Cyriac Joseph, former chief justice of Karnataka is the front-runner. The names of former apex court judge Arijit Pasayat, who heads the appellate authority of the competition commission and Justice Ashok Bhan, who heads the national consumer disputes redressal commission, are also being considered. But it's not known whether the last two persons will relinquish their current posts for this Karnataka post.The government has already set in motion the process of consultation to select a candidate to head the anti-corruption watchdog after governor H R Bhardwaj recently rejected former Kerala High Court chief justice S R Bannurmath.New names for LokayuktaThe Save Lokayukta Committee suggested a couple of names. The former judge of the Karnataka high court Justice MF Saldanha told TOI that Justices Cyriac Joseph, BN Srikrishna and NK Sodhi came up before the committee and they did not own property in the judicial housing society in Bangalore or Karnataka.\"The media brings up these issues soon after the appointment of a judge or chief justice. So, we suggested the state government choose justices on an all-India basis or from the Supreme Court,\" he said.State budget on March 21Chief Minister D V Sadananda Gowda said he will present the state budget for 2012-13 on March 21. Though he had planned it earlier, he said the announcement of the bypoll has delayed the process by a wweek.\"Since the model code of conduct will come into effect from the date of announcement of the poll calendar, the budget cannot be presented. We'll seek a clarification from the EC on this and present the budget,\" Gowda added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11932904", "title": "Astrologer held for molesting housewife", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Friday arrested an astrologer for allegedly molesting a 32-year-old housewife on February 7. The mother-in-law of the woman stopped her from lodging a complaint all this while to avoid public scrutiny. But a complaint was finally lodged with Parnashree police station on February 16 after the victim's brother convinced her to stand against the assault.When the victim consulted the astrologer - identified as Anirban Nandy alias Anirban Shastri - for the recovery of her partially paralysed child, she was asked to visit his residence for a special process on February 7, an auspicious Maghi Purnima night. Accompanied by her ailing son and mother-in-law, she went to the astrologer's Parnashree home on the appointed date. They were promised a yagna for the recovery.However, the victim was called into a room with the lure of a new amulet which could cure her child. When she went inside, the astrologer bolted the door from inside and tried to assault her.Earlier, she used to go to visit his Dhakuria chamber when she was given an amulet which did not yield any result. So she was promised that the old amulet would be replaced with a new one. On February 4, she was contacted by the astrologer over phone and asked to come to his residence on February 7.\"After my sister entered the room, she was told that unless her unrequited passion is resolved, her problem will not be solved. Then he tried to molest her. But she managed to get out of the room. She informed her mother-in-law about the incident, but she advised her not to lodge a complaint to evade public humiliation,\" said Sourabh Basu Mullick, brother of the victim.Depressed, the victim went to her parental home on February 13 and shared her ordeal with her family. \"We told her that she must lodge a complaint. Why did she have to suppress this crime? She agreed to lodge a complaint with police,\" said Basu Mullick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934226", "title": "Attention to detail", "text": "Let me begin with a qualified apology. This piece can conceivably be viewed, by the antagonistic reader, as a diatribe against the sister math institute to mine in Chennai . It is not that I merely wish to complain and make a fuss; I beseech the reader to view the whole matter from my perspective. Many senior faculty of this institute are good friends of mine, and they will know that the words expressed here are but a manifestation of the campaign I have set myself upon - through my newspaper column and blog - to spread awareness of the special needs of the differently abled.The only reason I may seem to be trashing them is this: How can I hope for sensitivity in these matters from people 'out there' if I can't get that from these personal friends and future Indian gurus of the queen of all sciences? As you may know, I am mobility-challenged ; and as you can imagine - if you ever cared to think about it - a lot of my time is (and has to be) spent in meticulous planning of what sort of preparations I would be required to make where and at which stages of my trajectory to accomplishing any undertaking.In what follows, my wheel-chair will play a fairly non-trivial role (if you will pardon the math lingo), not unlike Hero in a Phantom comic. To make it less impersonal, let me stop calling it 'my wheel-chair ' and formally christen this vaahan of mine as Herbie (as in the friendly Volkeswagon beetle created by Walt Disney) and refer to him rather than it. My first concerns when I plan any 'undertaking' always pertain to Herbie: will he be transported safely to where I will need him? Will he be able to transport me indoors to the desired places or will he run into his nemesis The Dreaded Steps? Will he have to encounter unreasonably high slopes in the occasional providentially provided ramp?I feel particularly rotten about the timing of this piece, as I was invited to deliver an endowment lecture last week at this sister institute, and given a wonderful reception when I got there - as well as got paid a ridiculously large sum of money as an honorarium for my efforts! Nevertheless, as a routine precaution, I needed to review my experience of the track record of this institute in this regard, which I shall try to present as accurately as I can: Many months ago, I made a big fuss on discovering, when I went there to attend a lecture which they had announced by email, that it had been scheduled in a room on the first floor, which is not accessible by any elevator. Many apologies were feelingly murmured, but I have as yet seen no attempts at having elevators installed in the building. Is it so unlikely that they may have a student before long who will be dependent on a wheelchair? Would such a student be unable to attend any lectures held upstairs? In those days, my mobility was better than it is now, and I could manage to walk a bit. But recently, I have had painful falls on at least two occasions, and having more sense than to tempt fate to break my hip, I have consciously decided to totally minimize or even eliminate walking anywhere, and to always move on Herbie, making no concessions whatever. Last month, a star-studded conference was organised in this institute to felicitate its founder director on his turning 80. Eager to catch the talks by at least the first and last speakers on the first day of that conference, I set off expectantly with some four other colleagues as well as Herbie in a sufficiently large vehicle organized by my institute that Monday.When I drove into the lecture hall for the first lecture, the hall was almost full. The auditorium has every row on a different step of a sort of amphitheatre, with even the first row on a level raised a few inches above the level I drove in on. I had three choices : (I) plonk myself right in the middle of the hall a conspicuous 3 ft. in front of the first row of seats; (II) get out of Herbie and hobble over to a seat on the front row; and (III) sit at one end of the hall, in front of the front row, and try not to be in people's way. I don't like being conspicuous; and I don't want a broken hip, so I plumped for (III). But this meant that my line of vision to the farthest blackboard was almost parallel (non-transverse in math lingo) to the board with the result that nothing the speaker wrote on that board was visible to me. And lunch that day (for the luminaries attending the conference) had been arranged on the first floor of the hostel building - which also has no elevator! So I had lunch with the hoi-polloi in the canteen downstairs. And it is not as if my mobility problems have not been well-known to practically anybody even vaguely related to mathematics in Chennai for quite a few years now. After that fiasco, I spent the rest of the day in the office of one of my many friends there, and amused myself with my PC which I had had the sense and forethought to take along with me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932399", "title": "Convention centre robs residents of sleep", "text": "HYDERABAD: A convention centre has sprung right in the middle of residential complexes and hospitals in Kompally, giving sleepless nights to patients and residents with music blaring until late night. Worse, repeated complaints made by residents to the police here have fallen on deaf ears.Residents also question why a convention centre was allowed to come up in such close proximity to hospitals and residential buildings.Constructed about three months ago in the Bashirabad area of Kompally, a rather plush Surya Convention Centre spread over a 40,000 square feet area, is located at a stone's throw distance from three hospitals, Balaji, Harsha and RR, and three residential societies Satyam enclave, NCL enclave and Ganga enclave. Residents complain that not only does the centre play loud music, it allows bursting of fire crackers in the late night hours causing much disturbance.P S Krishna, a local resident, said, \"The fire crackers are very loud and the service roads are always blocked due to this hall. This is too much noise for us; I wonder what the heart patients at the hospitals go through. I have personally complained to the police too but they have not taken any action.\"Dr Suresh Reddy from RR Hospital stated that the convention centre started just 3-4 months ago and ever since then there has been a lot of disturbance to his patients due to the increased noise level. \"The sound of crackers leaves my patients disturbed. It is very bad.\" he said.Although residents and hospital authorities said they had complained to the police, no action has been taken so far. An official at the convention hall said he had received no warning from the police or complaints from any resident.The local police washed off their hands saying they can do little about the menace since it was the municipal corporation that had sanctioned the project.Nevertheless, sub inspector Qasim Peera from Bashirabad police station claimed that immediate action had been tak, each time they received complaints. He also said that some cops had even visited the convention hall and issued warnings. They maintained that the manager of the hall had been warned of strict action if the centre did not control decibel levels. They also said that 'No Parking' boards were placed on this road and traffic police has booked complaints against those who have parked their vehicles there.However, residents countered that the police warnings have had only a temporary effect. S Hari Krishna, zonal commissioner (north zone), GHMC, said that the conventional hall was approved by the head office but he will look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933403", "title": "Clueless, cops ask customers to be wary of ATM frauds", "text": "BANGALORE: Clueless over the spate of illegal withdrawals from ATMs of various banks in the city, police have pressed the alarm bells.With available leads leading them nowhere, they have decided to involve customers to ensure that the menace does not spread.The cybercrime cell of the city police has now got all mobile service providers to send an SMS to make their consumers aware about fraudulent withdrawals from their accounts through various ATMs. The cryptic message says, \"Dear Customer, Please be careful while using ATM/Credit Card to avoid misappropriation of your money. Issued by Cyber Crime Police, Bangalore.\"At least 150 cases, many of them this month, of ATM skimming have been reported in the city and none of them have been cracked yet.Several Bangaloreans reported that money had been fraudulently withdrawn from their banks accounts from various ATMs during the first week of this month. The police have been unable to decipher the modus operandi in the incidents. Apparently the hidden cameras in the affected ATMs too have been of no help. Senior police officers in the department said that they were still collecting details of the ATM skimming cases in the city. In fact, they said they are still not sure whether it is a case of hacking or skimming.\"As of now all we can say that people should change their ATM passwords often and check their savings accounts regularly,\" said an officers.5 machines compromisedThe National Payments Corporation of India, an umbrella institution under the RBI managing all ATMs in the country, has identified five ATMs as compromised in the city.Banks though are indulging in pointing as in most of the cases reported the withdrawals have been made from ATMs of banks where the affected people had no accounts. One of the victims of such an ATM fraud told The Times of India that his money had been returned by the bank.\"They took my details and returned the money. But there has been no response from police on the investigations. Bank officials told us that the police will do their job and we need no worry,\" said Srikumar, an employee of an insurance firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11933860", "title": "Bihar\u2019s growth is our envy: Nepal PM", "text": "PATNA: As the state rolled up the curtains on the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' on Friday, Nepal's Prime Minister, Baburam Bhattarai, hinted at a solution of the state's perennial problem of floods \"through positive cooperation\" between India and Nepal.\"We are not just close neighbours; nature has forced us to work together in harmony. The Himalayan watershed feeds into most of the Bihar's river systems. The river systems support our life; enrich our land for agriculture and provide the basis for several other economic activities. At times, they swell to create havoc,\" Bhattarai said in his inaugural address at the summit.He profusely praised the turnaround of Bihar and lauded the \"visionary leadership\" of chief minister Nitish Kumar . \"Your state today is one of the fastest growing states of India. In the eyes of many citizens in Nepal, Bihar is now a role model for development, economic advancement and social inclusion. What you have accomplished thus far makes us almost envious,\" he said as if addressing Kumar who was also present.Bhattarai said Nepal not only shares borders with Bihar but a significant portion of Nepal's international trade is dependent on the use of the road and rail transport of Bihar.\"Let the lands of Buddha and Ashoka cooperate for the betterment of humanity and to lead the world in the 21st century. There is tremendous scope for investments in joint ventures on both the sides,\" he said. In his address at the summit, CM Kumar said some of Bihar's problems could not be solved without Nepal's help. \"It is high time we understood the problems of each other,\" he said.The CM said the GDP growth is not real development unless the income of the poor increases.\"We have, therefore, adopted a policy which is aimed at growth with justice,\" he said. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi recalled the visit of the then King of Nepal to Bihar's Valmikinagar in 1954 when he and PM Jawaharlal Nehru jointly inaugurated the Kosi barrage. It is almost six decades later that the head of the state of Nepal has come to Bihar, he said.Among those who shared dais with them were Nepal's transport and labour minister, Sarita Giri,and art and culture minister of Mauritius, Mukeshwar Chunni. Alakh N Sharma of Institute of Human Development talked about the objectives of the summit while chief secretary Navin Kumar proposed a vote of thanks. Bihar Foundation head C K Mishra and ADRI's Shaibal Gupta were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932113", "title": "Relatives have mixed fortunes, rebels triumph", "text": "MUMBAI: Relatives of political leaders received a rather mixed reception at the hustings. Around 29 relatives of sitting corporators or legislators won their seats, while 11 were defeated.Siblings put up a lukewarm show. NCP MLA Nawab Malik's brother, sitting corporator Captan Malik (ward no 162) lost the election though his sister Sayeeda Khan won from the neighbouring ward (no 161). NCP minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir's brother Sunil also won (ward no 193). So did MNS MLA Praveen Darekar's brother Prakash (ward no 5), and Congress MLA Aslam Sheikh's sister Kamarjahan Siddiqui (ward No 43).However, GenNext didn't appeal to voters. Sons of Congress MLAs Rajhans Singh (Nitesh from ward no 159), Kalidas Kolambhkar (Prathamesh from ward no 184), Madhu Chavan (Samir from ward no 204) fell by the wayside. Sons of Sena MLAs-turned-Congressmen Sada Sarvankar and Shyam Sawant, Samadhan Sarvankar (ward no 182) and Ritesh Sawant (ward 111) met the same fate. Among the few who managed to duck the trend were the sons of Sena MLA Vinod Ghosalkar and Congress MLA Ramesh Thakur, who won from Borivli (ward no 1) and Kandivli (ward no 26) respectively.Spouses fared better. Dilip Lande, husband of corporator Shaila Lande, won (ward no 154 in Kurla) as did the Congress' sitting corporator Mangala Gaikwad's husband, Vishnu Gaikwad (ward no 180 in Dharavi). Sangeeta, wife of Congress MLA Chandrakant Handore sailed through easily (ward no 148) as did Sushma, wife of Congress corporator Kamlesh Rai (ward no 75). But Ajit Chavan, the husband of MLC and the party's state women's unit president Vidya Chavan, lost in ward no 36, Malad East, where Vidya won earlier. Rekha, wife of NCP MLA Milind Kamble (ward no 162) too didn't make it.Of the rebels, Leena Shukla, wife of sitting Sena corporator Harish Shukla (ward no 153) won along with Lalita Annamalai, wife of sitting Congress corporator S Annamalai (ward no 155). Jyoti Alavani, wife of former BJP corporator Parag (ward no 80) too won. Amit Satam, BJP leader Gopinath Munde's PA, who lost the last election to independent corporator Adolf D'Souza, won from ward no 62. Rebels Mangesh Pawar (ward no 105) of the Congress and Sanjay Bhalerao (MNS), too made it against party odds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932457", "title": "HC seeks compliance report on encroachments", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday directed the chief secretary and director general of police to ensure that the encroachments from the city capital are removed and not re-occupied. The court has summoned the compliance report on February 29.A bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi took into note that the police personnel responsible for ensuring that the encroachment does not reoccur, have failed to do so. The bench was annoyed that the officials did not comply with its previous directives to remove and check re-encroachment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932182", "title": "Court raps govt for tardy trial in revenue case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irked with tardy trial in a 12-year-old revenue case, the Delhi high court on Friday asked the city government's financial commissioner and others to explain the delay despite its 2004 direction to decide it within six months.\"Indeed it calls for an explanation from the revenue assistant concerned. The deputy commissioner concerned as well as the Delhi financial commissioner have to ensure that the revenue cases are taken up expeditiously, more particularly when directions are issued by this court to decide them within a particular time frame,\" Justice Sunil Gaur said. The court's order came during hearing of a petition filed by one Ramesh Vashisht who had gone to a revenue court in 1999 with a matter related to his property but the revenue court has not even recorded the evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932180", "title": "Chain-snatchers strike gold at finance firms", "text": "HYDERABAD: With chain-snatchers and burglars turning to gold finance companies to dispose of stolen gold, police have decided to crack down on companies that allegedly are giving loans against gold without following prescribed guidelines.City police said that after arresting Mir Kazam Ali, a former student of Hyderabad Public School on Thursday, it was found that Manapuram Finance Limited, which is known for giving loans against gold, did not follow guidelines. \"We have decided to issue notice to Manapuram Finance Company with regard to the transactions done by Kazam Ali and his three associates, Mir Quadarath Ali, Rauf and Ashok . All these transactions are suspicious in nature,\" Central Zone DCP Tarun Joshi told TOI.\"In the past four months, Kazam and others carried out as many as 107 transactions in the Tolichowki branch of Manapuram Finance Limited and raised money by pledging gold. Since so many transactions were done by an individual or his gang members, the finance company should have alerted the police. We have sent a notice to them seeking a clarification beside inquiring whether they had followed the procedure,'' Tarun Joshi said.Police said most of the gold finance companies in the city accept gold brought by their customers and pay cash which is 70 to 80 per cent of the value of the gold, without proper verification of the purchase bill, identification proof , or taking a spot photograph of the customer.``Earlier, robbers used to dispose of the stolen gold in Chennai, Bangalore and Mumbai at rates much less than the value of the gold. Now, thanks to these gold finance companies, they are getting cash almost equal to the value of the gold and that too in a matter of minutes,\" police sources said.Apparently such transactions are a win-win situation for robbers. In the first scenario, they pledge the stolen gold and walk away with cash equivalent to about 95 per cent of the value and never come bank. In such instances, the gold is forfeited by the customer but since it is stolen gold, the robber is not bothered about losing it.In the second scenario, which appears to have been followed by Kazam Ali and his gang, after the stolen gold is pledged, it is retrieved later after making the payment due to the gold financing firm. With the stolen gold getting legitimacy after it is taken out from the company, the gang then sells it to jewellers located at Gulzar Houz and surrounding areas for a lesser price than the market value, said the police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11932574", "title": "Burglar leaves cops red-faced", "text": "HYDERABAD: A burglar kicked up a storm at a media briefing in Hyderabad on Thursday claiming that the police siphoned off a major portion of the recovery made from him leaving red faces in the city police circles.The incident happened when four burglars - Mir Kazam Ali, Qudarath Ali, Rauf and Ashok - were produced before the media by the police. DCP, Central Zone, Tarun Joshi said: \"We recovered 1.14 kg of gold and Rs 3.5 lakhs cash from the four. As he was being taken to a police van to be produced in court, Kazam shouted loudly that the police had actually recovered two kilos of gold and Rs 10 lakh cash, but pared down the recovery.\"Police have siphoned off one kilo gold and Rs 8 lakh cash besides letting off several others involved in the burglary. They are disclosing the recovered amount as just one kilo and a few lakhs of rupees,\" Kazam said.Refuting the allegations of the thief, DCP Tarun Joshi said: \"The investigation in the case was done under the supervision of senior police officers. Kazam was embarrassed when he was presented before the media and it was just an emotional outburst.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11934484", "title": "Cong single largest party in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Congress emerged as the single largest party followed by Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in elections to Amravati Municipal Corporation results of which were announced on Friday.The Congress won around 25 seats while NCP 17 out of 87 seats. The mega alliance of BJP-Shiv Sena and RPI (A) won 17 seats while RPI Gavai faction got two seats.Mayor Kishor Shelke suffered a shock defeat from Frejarpura prabhag by around 158 votes. Shelke got 1,501 votes as against 1,659 polled by Congress candidate Arun Jaiswal.Bad financial condition of AMC was often highlighted by the opponents and guardian minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil during public meetings, blaming the mayor for not showing interest in taking up development schemes. Political analysts held mayor responsible for the defeat as his efforts were not up to the mark.Shelke told TOI that \"He accepted the verdict.\" When asked what went wrong against him, he said that his defeat was part of changing politics. He said he had undertaken many developmental works, but they were overlooked. \"This is the era of showing off what one has done in which the real work in deliberately ignored,\" he said. Like Shelke, NCP corporator Prashant Daware also lost to rebel Shiv Sena candidate Pradip Bajad from Navsari prabhag.MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat said that AMC election was a prestige issue and he succeeded in getting maximum seats for the Congress.It was not stalwarts from NCP which faced unexpected defeats. Some Congress heavyweights too faced defeat and so Shiv Sena and BJP. Those who were defeated included sitting corporator Baban Deshmukh, Devyani Kurve, member of district executive body and sitting corporator Dr Gopichand Bhamore of Congress. Shiv Sena corporators Digambar Mankar and Warsha Bhoyar and BJP corporator Radha Kuril faced defeat.NCP corporator Chetan Pawar won for the third consecutive term from Kalyan Nagar ward. Avinash Mardikar, district vice-president of NCP also won from his prabhag.Standing committee chairman Bablu Shekhawat of made it from the SRPF prabhag.Rebels made the polls crucial. NCP candidate Rashmi Nawandar, who changed party for the third time, was defeated. Congress rebel Sanjay Shirbhate, who had joined hands with NCP, too lost. Expelled BJP corporator Sunil Mehare and Kusum Sahu won while expelled BJP corporator Wasudeo Deulkar lost. Rebel NCP corporator Vilas Ingole contested from Congress and won.The poll results threw surprises as MLA Ravi Rana whose party contested 75 seats could win only one seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933315", "title": "Rs 10 lakh CBI reward for information on IPS officer", "text": "New Delhi: The CBI on Friday announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh to anyone providing information leading to the arrest of absconding additional director general of Rajasthan police A K Jain, an accused in a 2006 fake encounter.This is the first time that such a reward has been announced for information on a senior IPS officer.Jain, a 1978 batch IPS officer of the Rajasthan cadre, has already been declared a proclaimed offender. Besides Jain, the CBI also announced rewards of Rs 5 lakh each for information on inspectors Rajesh Chowdhury and Zulfikar, and assistant sub-inspector Arvind.In its chargesheet filed last June, the CBI had alleged that Dara Singh, a liquor smuggler, was taken into illegal custody from Jaipur airport by officials of the Special Operations Group (SOG) and taken to a lonely place near Amber, where he was held hostage till October 23, 2006, when he was killed.The CBI accused 16 police officials, including Jain and A Ponnuchammi, the then SP in the SOG, of the killing. Also named were additional superintendent of police Arsad Ali, inspectors Nisar Khan and Naresh Sharma, assistant sub-inspector Surendra Singh and sub-inspector Satyanarayan Godara.Of the 16 officials, 10 are absconding and among the top officials only Ponnuchammi is in custody. The arrested policemen include Khan, Sharma, Godara and Surendra Singh.The agency has slapped charges of murder, criminal conspiracy and kidnapping among others on the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11936525", "title": "Billa 2 title song finally shot!", "text": "This is a much-anticipated prequel to Billa which was a blockbuster. Thala Ajith's 51st film, directed by Chakri Toleti, stars Ajith, Parvathy Omanakuttan, Bruna Abdulla, Prabhu, Sadhanshu Pandey and Vidyuth Jamwal.The film's title song was left to be picturised and it apparently has been completed in Film City in Hyderabad. Some pics of the title song were leaked onto the Internet. The music for the flick is by Yuvan Shankar Raja and people involved with the project say that the music has come out very well and the movie could be another blockbuster for Ajith after Mankatha. Ajith has been excited about the project for numerous reasons including the fact that movies where he plays the baddie have done really at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933487", "title": "No strain in govt-Army ties: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the government all set to issue the routine retirement order to General V K Singh about his tenure ending on May 31, defence minister A K Antony insists there is ``no strain'' in the relationship between the government and the Army.``We have learnt lessons from it (the row over Gen Singh's date of birth)...there is no strain...now what we are going to do hereafter in all the Services is that we will ask everybody to strictly reconcile different documents so that this kind of conflict of views does not happen in future,'' said Antony.The government has also readied the succession plan, with Eastern Army commander Lt-General Bikram Singh slated to take over as the next chief when Gen Singh retires on May 31. Even if Gen Singh puts in his papers before his tenure ends, the government is likely to stick with Lt-Gen Bikram Singh, as reported earlier by TOI.Gen Singh, who is returning from the UK next week, has sharpened the civil-military divide in South Block by dragging the government to court over his age row. The Retirement Warning Letter (RWL) by the Army's Military Secretary branch, which will be issued to Gen Singh, is usually given to officers about 10-11 months ahead of their due date of retirement. It was not issued to the Army chief due to his festering age controversy.``It's a closed chapter now. This happened unfortunately due to two different dates of birth in the Army...India cannot afford to have such controversies in the future,'' said Antony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934039", "title": "BJP shocked by its own success in NW", "text": "NAGPUR: The clash between AICC secretary Anees Ahmed and NCP leaders has cost Congress and NCP several seats in north-west Nagpur. The BJP leaders were shocked when results of the wards in north-west part of Nagpur started coming in.BJP has won both the seats in Dabha and Gorewada wards and one seat in Zingabai Takli ward. BJP had expected only one seat from this area - that of Jagdish Gwalbanshi. BJP has earned a bonus of four seats in this area and west Nagpur MLA Sudhakar Deshmukh is a proud man.Congress and NCP leaders are accusing AICC secretary Anees Ahmed of damaging the combine's prospects in this area. NCP city president Ajay Patil had accused Ahmed of working against his wife Pragati Patil is Civil Lines ward.An NCP leader charged Ahmed with avenging his defeat in the 2009 assembly elections by working against the candidates fielded by the Gwalbanshi family. In the assembly polls, NCP's Nitish Gwalbanshi had contested as an independent and polled 20,000 votes, contributing to Ahmed's defeat by a slender margin of 1,900 votes.One member of the Gwalbanshi family, Jagdish (BJP), won this time but at the cost of his nephew Harish, who had contested on a NCP ticket.Ahmed ensured that Nitish did not contest the NMC elections. He had reportedly threatened to resign if Congress agreed to Nitish's candidature. Nitish agreed to withdraw but fielded his close aide Faizullah Syed.Nirmala, mother of Nitish Gwalbanshi, did not get a ticket from Gorewada ward. It went to sitting Congress corporator Meena Barde. Due to the division of votes, BJP candidates Meena Tidke and Bhushan Shingne won by a narrow margin of just over 100 votes.However, this factor cannot have contributed to the victory of Sangita Gire, who trounced NCP's Pushpa Malikar by a margin of around 4,000 votes in Zingabai Takli ward. Surprisingly, the other seat was bagged by Arun Dawre of the Congress here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11933383", "title": "Corporators blame officials for water supply woes", "text": "MANGALORE: Corporators, cutting across political lines, blamed officials for not ensuring proper supply of drinking water at a special meeting of Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) held here on Friday.Members from BJP, the ruling party, Congress, JD(S) and CPI(M) alleged that water supply was being disrupted frequently in their respective wards. Earlier, member from Congress Lancelot Pinto had raised objection to MCC's decision to disconnect public taps in the city. \"Many poor families, who live in rented houses in the city, use public taps for their daily water requirement. The city corporation officials should make alternative arrangements for those families, who use public taps, before disconnecting it,\" he demanded.Members Mariamma, Vijayakumar Shetty, Nagendra, Harinath, Abdul Azeez, Shashidhar Hegde and others too criticized officials for not ensuring proper water supply. Commissioner Harish Kumar said that the city corporation would have to disconnect the public taps and fix meters to all water supply connections to qualify for getting a Rs 2,000 crore grant under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM).\"There should be no public taps, no illegal water supply connections and 24x7 water supply should be ensured to all connections, which have meters compulsorily as per the norms of JNNURM. Hence, the city corporation will have to continue the drive against public taps and illegal water supply connections. However, we will disconnect those public taps, which is being used by many poor families, only after providing legal connections to all of them,\" he said.Harish said that there is no scarcity of water in the city, but due to the shifting process and other technical reasons supply was being disrupted in some areas.\"A special meet in this regard will be convened by the mayor soon,\" he added.No ban on mobiles in MCCShould members be allowed to use mobile phones inside the council hall or not? The matter came for discussion in the house when former mayor K Ashraf demanded that use of mobile phones should be banned inside the house.Ashraf urged mayor Praveen to pass a ruling banning use of mobile phone in the house. However, when many opposed his demand, the mayor said, \"Let members use mobile phones, but should go out of the house if they want to make or receive calls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933272", "title": "Revise tax or we won't pay, hoteliers' assn tells MCC", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Hotel Owners' Association on Friday threatened to shut down their businesses if Mysore City Corporation doesn't revise trade license fee, which has been hiked exorbitantly.Proprietors of all business establishments in MCC limits are up in arms following a hike in the trade license fees and are adamant that they will not pay the tax if the authorities won't revise it again.Hoteliers said the hike is unscientific and is 10 folds more than the last fee. According to the law, authorities can increase tax by 10% once in five years. Last term, the trade license tax was not revised but all of sudden, the civic body hiked it exorbitantly and issued a notification a week ago.Association president M Rajendra on Friday told reporters that following the hike, the association members held a meeting on Thursday to discuss the revision and resolved to protest the move of officials. Even members of associations of gold merchants, bar and restaurants, sawmill, medical stores and others business establishments expressed solidarity on this score, he claimed.Rajendra said the corporation has increased the tax by 1000%, which is an abnormal hike. Civic authorities should reconsider their decision in this regard. \"We are not opposing the hike but are not ready to accept the steep increase in tax, which is irrational,\" he said. However, he disclosed that the traders are ready to pay 20% more than the existing fee.Hoteliers are the highest tax paying citizens and every year they pay lakhs of rupees to the government in the form of various taxes. Instead of burdening regular tax payers by hiking the fee, the civic body should focus on including all business establishments in the tax bracket, which will fetch it more revenue, he said.He said the hoteliers are not ready to pay tax at the revised price at any cost. The association has appealed to the district minister and deputy commissioner to intervene and solve the issue at the earliest.Vice-president Narayan Gowda and Karnataka Hotel Association zonal secretary Ravi Shastri were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932159", "title": "They faked US dollars, forged passports, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A month after a mega consignment of fake notes was seized, five foreign nationals have been arrested for allegedly producing counterfeit US dollars in the capital. The gang-operating for over a year from the Ganesh Nagar area-has also been issuing fake passports to African and European citizens. Most of those who approached the accused were African nationals whose passports and other travel documents had been confiscated by the Indian authorities.In all, about 22,000 US dollars of the denomination of 100 - face value of Rs 11 lakh - were recovered by the crime branch. Around 120 fake passports of Lesotho, Ghana and Botswana were also seized. Another 35 passports from Israel, UK, Germany, South Africa and China are being checked for their authenticity. In addition, 330 fake Indian visa stickers, water marks, fake yellow fever injection cards, 61 fake stamps of the Indian immigration department, IGI airport and several embassies have been recovered , said Ashok Chand, DCP (crime).\"Gabriel Olawale Ajisafe, Sunny Odigie alias Sunday, and Enwere Okechukwa Kelvin Enwere from Nigeria, Caroline Cherotich from Kenya and Augustine John Kwaku Kyare from Ghana were arrested from near Golchha Theatre in Daryaganj after a trap was set. The documents and currency were recovered from Ganesh Nagar,\" said Chand. Ajisafe (52), the mastermind of the gang, lives in Delhi. He's married to an Indian and is fluent in three Indian languages, including Hindi.Ajisafe, who is pursuing a PhD from Bhopal University, was arrested the first time in 2004 for a drug-related crime and was released from Tihar Jail in 2008, said Chand. The accused printed counterfeit US dollars with the help of screen printing technology.\"The printing was exquisite. They could replicate the water mark impression on the genuine US dollar. The accused used multimedia technology software like Autocad and Corel Draw and provided fake passports to natives of African countries who had either entered India illegally or their original passports had been impounded in criminal cases,'' said additional DCP (crime), Sanjay Bhatia. Rough estimates show that the gang has sent over 110 such men out of the country.The paper quality was equally good, said sources. \"The same paper is used at Nepal and Bangladesh borders. So far, we have not found any terror angle but probe is on,\" said a source. While Sunny is a postgraduate in sports marketing from DU, Okechukwa is a science graduate from Nigeria. The accused woman Caroline, a Kenyan national, has done her post graduation from Agra University in 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934358", "title": "Boost for BJP chief's career", "text": "Nitin Gadkari has a political career of three decades adding to his weight. But, that he could not win a direct election to become an MLA or MP and relied on a minuscule constituency of 'Graduates' to get repeatedly elected to the state legislative council, has been the only blemish. He has otherwise already proved his capabilities by building the largest number of flyovers in Mumbai and a showpiece Super Express Highway connecting the country's financial capital with Pune.No wonder when he was catapulted to BJP's top post, it attracted more derision than surprise. It was generally felt that he lacked the political stature for the high post and only the RSS' blessings helped him to pip more senior and 'mass' leaders. But Gadkari displayed courage of conviction and proved his critics wrong by steering the party remarkably well in the last two years. The victory in his home turf of Nagpur in the municipal corporation as well as zilla parishad elections could provide the much needed boost to his political career.Speculation has already started that Gadkari would get another term as party president. Thanks to his equation with RSS boss Mohan Bhagwat, his stay at top on BJP would be ensured even if it takes a rejig of the party constitution that provides for a single three-year term for an incumbent. Gadkari's term expires in December and extension by another term would help him to stay at the helm in the party for the next general elections in 2014. If that happens, it would help Gadkari meet his personal ambition of winning the Lok Sabha seat.No doubt with NMC poll win, he would now finalize Nagpur for that showdown. What makes the BJP win in the civic body more special in the city that houses the RSS headquarters is that for the first time a BJP-led body has been re-elected in the 11 civic polls held here so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "etah", "code": "11937011", "title": "Street play to create voter awareness", "text": "ETAH: 'Cast your vote otherwise wrong person would be elected and you have to shed tears for the next five years' was the message of a street play presented by a social organization at the collectorate here on Friday.The social organization is organizing street plays at various place of the city to create awareness amongst the voters and give them a message to elect a right person.Neeraj Gupta, head of the social organization, said that 50 per cent population in India was of women while youth are a decisive factor but they are not showing awareness at the time of voting. He urged the women and youth to leave caste, religion and regionalism behind and select right person.The artists gave message to the masses through their sharp dialogues. The group presented street plays at GPO, Jawahar Lal Nehru PG College, roadways bus stand and Railway station.Election officer Jayant Dixit said that the district adminstration was conducting voter awareness camps and programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11931652", "title": "DDA plans Metro realty hub", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a pilot project being developed by Delhi Development Authority, a 30-hectare plot adjacent to the Karkardooma Metro station will house 4,900 flats, a shopping arcade, a hospital, service apartments and even a cultural centre.Part of a transit-oriented design (TOD) - a concept mooted by the L-G himself - the project will be a high density multi-use high-rise specially designed for the influence zone along the Delhi Metro. The nod for the project has already been given by the L-G, said an official. \"The L-G has asked that a consultant be engaged immediately for detailed formulation of the development plan for the project,\" the official added.The Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure, Planning and Engineering Centre is at the helm of the project, which will be replicated in other Metro stations too.\"Besides a detailed architectural design, a traffic impact assessment study will also be undertaken as it will be a high density area with multiple traffic access points,\" said the official.Plans for an additional linkage in the form of a four-lane road, part of the zonal plan, has already been accepted. The proposed extension of the BRT corridor from Karkari Mor to Connaught Place is expected to add to the traffic volume in the area. \"Development control norms and regulation of the TOD area will also be finalized simultaneously for incorporation in the Master Plan, which will have a separate chapter on TOD,\" added the official.The site selected for the pilot project is the space next to the existing Karkardooma Metro station, where another station will come up in Phase III. The high-rise will be a high density development with public open spaces, residential, civic and commercial zones, and a site area of 2,60,000 sq m. The total permissible built-up area is 5,20,000 sq m. The project will accommodate 22,000 people in the residential zone, which will have 4,900 flats. These will be in three categories of 40 sq m, 80 sq m, and 100 sq m. A slum/EWS section of 30 sq m will also be built in the zone. A shopping complex with a department store, office complex, hotels and service apartments, a hospital, a school and a cultural centre will also be part of the development, said sources.\"The approval for the project came in last week at the governing body meeting held by the L-G. Now, the work on the project will be taken up on a war footing,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11931666", "title": "Businessman kills self after CBI interrogation", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 50-year-old Delhi businessman allegedly committed suicide at a hotel in Lucknow as he was upset over his interrogation by the CBI in a 2009 fake encounter in Ghaziabad.The man was identified as Ranjit Singh Bhatia. His car had been found at the site where one Ravindra Tyagi was allegedly shot down by Ghaziabad police at the behest of a UP minister. Bhatia was, therefore, called to Lucknow on February 15 by the CBI for questioning.He was supposed to appear before CBI on February 16; but sources said he switched off his cellphone and locked himself in the hotel room where he allegedly consumed poison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11934656", "title": "Meet on information security under way", "text": "VASCO: A four-day international conference on information security got underway at Bogmalo on Thursday.The conference will focus on providing a unified platform for consultants, security companies, security buyers and security professionals to share expert knowledge and experience.The event brings together business decision makers and security professionals from national and international arena to address the important security issues and innovative mitigation solutions, organisers said.The first day started with several training sessions with themes -XtremeXploitation, Xtreme Web Hacking and Advanced WiFi Security.The conference was attended by Janardhan Swamy, Karnataka MP and Prateek Deshpande, ACP of anti-terrorism squad.Speaking to the media, Aseem Jhakar, founder, Nullcon, said, \"The event brings unique opportunities for an organizations' commitment to best practices in information security. It will open doors to a highly influential group of information security experts and decision makers.\" Janardhan Swami, said, \"Security breach is a very sensitive topic and security concern has never been so high.\"Nullcon has now become a biannual conference with the introduction of the Nullcon Delhi 2012 which is scheduled in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933341", "title": "Two cadaver organ donations in a single day", "text": "CHENNAI: The state cadaver registry received two donations on Thursday - one from Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital and the other from Apollo Hospital.Twenty-six-year-old Kathiresan, a newspaper delivery man, was declared brain dead by neurologists at the general hospital on Tuesday. His family agreed to donate his organs. The beneficiaries were patients at Stanley Medical Hospitals and General Hospital and Global Hospitals and the eye bank at the Government Ophthalmic Eye Hospital.At the Apollo Hospital, 51-year-old Pushparani was declared brain dead. The beneficiaries of the organs were patients at the hospital, at Frontier Lifeline and CMC Vellore.The organs were distributed based on a waiting list maintained by the registry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11934181", "title": "Shiv Sena boasts of most women corporators", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena not only emerged as the single largest party in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) polls, but also boasted of the highest number of successful women candidates-42-who contested from reserved seats.These were the first major elections in the state in which 50% of the seats were reserved for women. In all, the poll results threw up 121 women corporators , including 114 who contested from reserved seats. This means that women will now comprise more than half of the civic House.Having cleared the poll hurdles , these 114 corporators have vowed to focus on issues that affect children and women.Most of these new corporators have two major priorities: empower women and boost children's education. While some of them are first-timers or relatives of party members, others have had experience in social work and politics.\"I know the kind of hardships women face in this city. Every decision taken by the BMC affects homes and the impact is felt most by women running households. Be it an unclean backyard, poor sanitation or shortage of water, those affected the most are women,\" said newly elected Congress corporator Sunita Wavrekar, who won from H-West (Ward 92).Sukhada Pawar, who won on MNS ticket from H-East (Ward 82), said as she was a resident of Kalina for several years and a party worker since its inception , she had a clear idea of the problems faced by locals. \"Our biggest problem is water. I will use my party banner to ensure maximum benefits for people living in the locality,\" she said.Another newly elected woman corporator of the MNS, Anisha Majgaonkar (S, Ward 107), reiterated the priorities of other winners like her. \"I will focus on issues that affect women and children the most. Overflowing gutters are a major problem in my area. I will help deal with such issues,\" she said.The women corporators aim to make living conditions more women-friendly , focusing on issues like drainage, sanitation and the quality of education, among others.Besides, there were candidates like mayor Shraddha Jadhav who won from seats not reserved from women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11941617", "title": "Sasikala's husband M Natarajan arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: The husband of Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa's estranged aide Sasikala was arrested on Saturday in a land grabbing case, police said.A team of police from Thanjavur arrested M Natarajan and took him to that town.He was arrested on a complaint filed by a person from a village near Thanjavur.Natarajan is the third person from Sasikala's family to be arrested after Jayalalithaa expelled her and several others last December for reported interefernce in state administration and party affairs.Earlier, Sasikala's brother Diwakaran and a relative Ravanan were arrested in connection with criminal cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937178", "title": "Chennai gets-together!", "text": "What's the best way to ring in a special occasion?In the company of friends , of course. A recent get-together of some effervescent young citizens of the city saw much revelry as the folks joined in for an evening of merrymaking and bonhomie. Making the most of the summer breeze, which seems to have made a romantic out of everyone, the partygoers had a blast as the music played on in full thumping spirit. With more than ample appetizers to whet the appetites of this party-hungry crowd, this was definitely a night had the attendees craving for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11937332", "title": "Shipping minister says Italian ship firing \"unfortunate, unacceptable\"", "text": "CHENNAI: Terming as \"unfortunate\" the killing of two Indian fishermen by gun shots from an Italian ship, shipping minister G K Vasan today said appropriate punishment should be given to the guilty.\"It is a very unfortunate incident. Italian arm guards fired (at) Indian fishermen. This is not acceptable,\" Vasan told reporters here, when asked to comment on the incident near Kerala.Observing that Director General, Shipping, has ordered an enquiry into the incident, he said it was internationally well-known that when there is a piracy attack, certain protocol should be followed.\"It was not followed here. Enquiry will reveal (what happened). Appropriate punishment should be given (to those guilty) as per the law of the land,\" he said.Vasan said there was a suspicion as to why the Italian ship did not report the incident on time. \"I am sure proceedings will take place. There is no pressure from Italy. Our fishermen lives are very important\".Two Indian fishermen, Ajesh Binki (25) and Jalastein (45), were killed on February 15 off the Kollam coast near Kerala when armed guards of Italian ship 'Enrica Lexie' fired at their boat.The preliminary assessment of the marine authorities is that the armed guards aboard the ship might have fired at the fishing boat mistaking it for a vessel belonging to pirates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933157", "title": "Schoolboy survives fall from 3rd floor", "text": "CHENNAI: The Class 10 student of Chettinad Vidyashram in RA Puram who fell from the third floor of a building at the school on Friday afternoon may have escaped with minor injuries, but he gave his classmates and teachers quite a shock.More than three hours after the incident, one of his classmates still looked nervous and was wringing his hands. \"Some of us were playing downstairs when we saw him falling. We didn't know what to do and called our teachers,\" said the boy.As it happened around school-closing time, several parents who had come to collect their children stayed over for a while, discussing the incident. While some children said the boy fell while being chased by other students, others said he could have been under exam pressure and jumped off the parapet.\"The Class 10 practical exams begin on Monday, and these are among the last days in school for the students. Some say he sleepwalked to the parapet wall dreaming that he was climbing over something and fell without knowing what he was doing,\" said a Class 10 student from another section. \"This boy studies well, and no test papers were given out today, but I think he was trying to commit suicide. Maybe he was stressed because of the exams. Who isn't?\"For many parents and teachers it was disconcerting that such incidents have become frequent on school campuses. They are yet to get over the murder of a school teacher by a student last week. This was soon followed by the suicide of a Class 10 boy at home on February 10, and the death of a girl student who jumped off a school building after an argument with friends.Sangeetha, a parent, was worried how such incidents would impact young minds. \"My 11-year-old daughter was talking about suicide and exam pressure. While it is reality, I feel it is not healthy for kids to be exposed to such things. They shouldn't be discussing issues like these at such a young age,\" she said.Teachers seemed caught in a dilemma. \"It's really difficult to deal with children and motivate them to do better. Corporal punishment is banned in schools but if the child is not doing well or behaving properly, we have to inform the parents,\" one teacher said.Some parents, concerned that the boy was not taken to hospital in an ambulance, hoped that, for the safety of children, there would be a tie-up with a hospital for an ambulance. \"The school must be prepared for such emergencies,\" said one parent.The principal could not be reached for comment despite repeated attempts to contact her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11939081", "title": "New kid on the block", "text": "It was purity personified as Pooja Bose, dressed in pristine white, walked in to interact with the media along with the director Reshmi Mitra concerning their upcoming movie Macho Mastana.The film which revolves around love and longing will mark Pooja's debut in the Bengali film industry. Director Reshmi Mitra was also present to share her first hand experience of directing the most expensive Bengali film made till date with a budget of Rs. 7 Crore. A familiar face on the small screen and a popular actress of the South Indian film industry, Pooja Bose will be seen in an ultra-glam look in Macho Mastana. She has starred in the film \"\"Escape from Taliban \"\" and then went on to act in Ekta Kappor's mega productions like \"\"Kahaani Hamaaray Mahaabhaarat Ki\"\", and \"\"Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajana\"\". \"\"My look for the film has been kept in sync with the role, that of a today's girl. Famous Bollywood designer Rohit Verma has styled my look for the film. She is vivacious, outspoken and epitomizes the young woman of this generation. Though I started off in television but it has been my ultimate desire to work in films,\"\" said Pooja on her look and experience of working in the film.Macho Mastana is going to be Reshmi Mitra's third film as a director after \"\"Bhalobasa Zindabad\"\" and \"\"Pireeti Kathaler Atha\"\".Macho Mastana is is a romantic action film which will see Hiraan in a completely new avatar of an action hero. He has undergone a rigorous routine of physical training to build his macho image and six pack abs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933426", "title": "Govt has only 1% stake in AMRI: MP", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court granted bail to AMRI director R S Agarwal (68) on Friday, 70 days after he was arrested on his hospital bed after the Dhakuria blaze that killed 91 people.A division bench of Justice Ashim Kumar Roy and Tarun Kumar Gupta, however, made it clear Agarwal wasn't given bail on health grounds but for the fact that he did not attend any meeting of the AMRI board of directors in 2011.The court turned down the bail pleas of four other directors - R S Goenka, Prashant Goenka, Manish Goenka and Ravi Todi. Agarwal is the second accused to get bail after Mani Chhetri (93),who was released on health grounds. The state will move the Supreme Court against this order. Seven AMRI directors were arrested on December 9, within hours of the fire.The state government will move the Supreme Court against the high court order granting bail to AMRI director R S Agarwal. Senior advocate and Trinamool MP Kalyan Banerjee said: \"We believe the order isn't legally sustainable.\"With law minister Moloy Ghatak by his side at Writers' Buildings, Banerjee told reporters: \"Agarwal did not attend any board meeting in 2011, but he has been doing since 2006-07. This was the time when crucial decisions regarding altering the authrorised basement car parking area began.\"On allegations that the government is adopting a dual approach in dealing with its own directors on the AMRI board (director of medical education is AMRI chairman and special secretary, health, is a director) and the private directors, Banerjee said: \"The government has only 1% stake. Police are investigating the matter and the chargesheet will be submitted within the mandatory three-month period.\"On February 3, an Alipore court had granted AMRI managing-director and eminent cardiologist Moni Chhetri bail on health grounds. Chhetri is still under treatment.On Friday, Justice Roy said that the court wasn't granting bail to other four directors at this stage as police investigation isn't complete yet. \"We hope the investigation will be completed at the earliest and we will then consider the prayer for bail, if it is made,\" the judge said in packed courtroom.Seven AMRI directors were arrested on December 9, within hours of the fire, while two others - Chhetri and Pronab Dasgupta - were arrested on January 27 this year. The judge said that the hearing of the plea had a limited scope and didn't consider the criminal matter in its entirety.The judge observed that the directors had argued that they were not involved in the day-to-day affairs. \"However, based on the submissions of the state counsel, FIR and other materials on record, this can't be accepted. All major policy decisions were taken by the board of directors and they are accountable for the day-to-day affairs of the hospital. It is also evident that the safety measures were not adopted for which the directors and the hospital authority is responsible,\" the judge said.It was also said the defence had forwarded Agarwal's continued illness for grounds for bail. The judge observed: \"SSKM hospital (where Agarwal was admitted on a court order) was asked to furnish a medical report (on February 1). The report stated that the patient's condition was stable. The ECG report was also normal.\" The court recorded the state's submission that AMRI's compensation offer to the kin of the dead and the rescuers was an attempt to influence witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11933705", "title": "Dug up roads give city traffic, health woes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The ongoing digging of roads to lay sewer pipelines is again posing problems to commuters. The roads where the pipelines have already been laid have still not been repaired causing traffic jams.On the Mahatma Gandhi Marg in Civil Lines, the traffic has become one-way because the other side is dug up. This leads to daily jam on the route.Further, the dust rising from the dug up portion is another menace. Two-wheeler riders passing from this route have their clothes covered with dust. Residents of the area complain of respiratory problems due to dust.The jams on this road lead to a ripple effect, choking other roads in Civil Lines.Several other parts of the city too have been dug up. In Kareli, the main road infront of the police station is being dug up. Though the dug up portion of the road has been covered but the dust blowing across the road is causing problems to locals.Tanweer Ahmad, a resident of the area, said: \"It has become difficult to live here as the dust has filled each portion of my house. Though we keep windows closed, still the dust enters home. My wife suffers from asthma and it's all the more difficult for her now.\"Another resident Asif Ansari said: \"It is not possible to move on the road as it has been badly damaged due to laying of pipelines. Further, the dusty conditions has aggravated the problem. The authorities have laid the pipes and covered it with mud, but dry mud is adding to problems.\"Air pollution levels are also at an all-time high. The dust particles of which the smaller or finer ones can be inhaled and enter the lungs and respiratory tract pose a health risk for those who have respiratory problems. The coarser particles cannot be inhaled but affect the mouth, throat and nostrils nonetheless.Further, dust leads to irritation in eyes and throat. High dust levels in the atmosphere can cause breathing problems, respiratory disorders including asthma and worsen cardiovascular problems.Talking to TOI, municipal commissioner of Allahabad Municipal Corporation Ashok Kumar informed that we are concerned about the dusty conditions existing on the roads. However, these works are being undertaken for the benefit of the people and soon the damaged roads would be repaired so that people can get relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933702", "title": "MNS dents BJP-Sena strongholds", "text": "PUNE: During his party's first appearance in PMC elections in 2007, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray had asked party workers to 'open an account'. This time around he appealed, \"The account has been opened, now convert it into banks (referring to vote bank).\" On Friday, MNS emerged as the second largest party in the Pune Municipal Corporation with 29 seats, leaving behind the Congress and the saffron alliance.The party made inroads not just in Shiv Sena's bastion but also won over the traditional educated middle-class voters of BJP. For instance, areas like Model Colony, Bhosalenagar, Karvenagar, Kothrud depot, Kasba, Juna Bazar and Parvati chose MNS candidates.From seven corporators in the 2007 election, the party this time secured 29 seats to the Pune Municipal corporation, which has a strength of 152 corporators.MNS spokesperson Ajay Shinde said, \"In certain pockets, voters chose both our candidates in the panel. It shows the strong support for the party. We have decided to concentrate on these pockets now as a preparation for future elections.\"The panels in which MNS made a clean sweep are as follows: Ward 21 Camp -- Babu Wagaskar and his wife Vaneeta Babu Wagaskar; Ward 6 Bopodi -- Prakash Dhore and Archana Ramesh Kamble; Ward 22 Model Colony -- Dattatray Raju Pawar and Neelam Avinash Kulkarni; Ward 54 Dhayari -- Rajabhau Laigude and Yugandhara Chakankar; Ward 32 Karvenagar -- Rajendra Barate and Surekha Makwan; Kasba -- Ravindra Dhangekar and Anita Dakhve; Juna Bazar -- Ajay Tayade and Sangeeta Tikone and Kothrud depot -- Kishor Shinde and Jayashree Gajanan Marne.Party general secretary Anil Shidore said, \"Some 7 to 8% new voters have been added since the last election. At a time when just 51% turned out to vote, the involvement of fresh blood makes a difference. Besides, the traditional vote bank of Shiv Sena and BJP -- the educated middle-class -- was fascinated with the written examination procedure followed by us while selecting candidates.\"City president Bala Shedge said, \"Written examinations, giving tickets to party workers only and door-to-door campaigning with basic understanding about the locality helped the party in securing such a strong position.\" We will conduct a training session for our candidates since most of them would enter the house for the first time. Training is an important part of the MNS procedures and we would conduct such sessions frequently, he added.Vote CountAs per the figures shared by MNS office-bearers, the party secured about 75,000 votes in the 2007 elections. On Friday, it is poised to cross the two lakh-mark.The MNS has not only won the second largest number of seats, but it has also received a promising response from some city pockets. In eight panels, both its candidates won. The party has decided to concentrate on these pockets now and strengthen its network further.The 50% reservation clause for women benefited MNS significantly. Of the 29 seats won, as many as 18 elected candidates are women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kondapaka (medak)", "code": "11932378", "title": "Villagers restore 800-year-old temple", "text": "KONDAPAKA (MEDAK): Setting a good example for others to emulate, villagers of Kondapaka restored a dilapidated ancient temple in Medak district. What's more, they are planning to celebrate the coming Mahasivaratri in the refurbished Rudreswara (Lord Shiva) temple in this small village, 90 kms from Hyderabad.The over 800-year-old temple of Kakatiya era, which was in ruins, was renovated at a cost of Rs 1 crore. The villagers requisitioned trained sculptors from Chennai to restore the temple by liberal use of the material used by Kakatiya soldiers. The temple was constructed by Rudra Deva I in 1194. \"Every possible care was taken before dismantling the temple so as to retain the same aesthetic look,\" Marumaamula Venkata Ramana Sharma, one of the key members of the temple renovation committee, said.As per the archaeology department records and temple inscriptions, the soldiers used sand technology to build the base of the temple, which was intact for almost 750 years. \"Thirty soldiers belonging to Kolanupaaka regiment of Rudra Deva I built the temple following Agama sastra and using stones,\" Peerla Veeresh, a village elder, told TOI.Although attempts to renovate the temple began 30 years ago, it gained momentum a couple of years back. A priest, Marumaamula Sitarama Sharma, gathered funds to revive the temple but did not live to see his efforts bear fruit.However, other villagers began taking an interest in the revival of the old temple. \"But there was a lot of red tape and help was not forthcoming from the endowments department. The help of the local MLA and other well-wishers in Hyderabad had to be enlisted,\" says Shyam Mohan, formerly chairman of the Congress party think tank.Apart from the 15,000-odd population, Kondapaka was served by non-resident Indians who donated liberally. \"We received Rs 40 lakh from them and donations kept pouring in from various quarters,\" Renikindi Balaiah, a member of the temple renovation committee, said. The villagers themselves collected Rs 30 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "there's never been a better time to play a sardar in a bollywood flick. akshay kumar, saif ali khan and ranbir kapoor have all played one, while ajay devgn too will essay the part in an upcoming film. another name, an unexpected one, joins the list", "code": "11925589", "title": "Tushar Kapoor to play a Sardar in next", "text": "There's never been a better time to play a Sardar in a Bollywood flick. Akshay Kumar, Saif Ali Khan and Ranbir Kapoor have all played one, while Ajay Devgn too will essay the part in an upcoming film. Another name, an unexpected one, joins the list: Tusshar Kapoor.The actor plays a Sikh in an upcoming romcom called Chaar Din Ki Chandni, produced and directed by Samir Karnik under the Top Angle Productions bannerThe dual role also sees him playing a Rajput from a royal family. And while he won't reveal what leads to his \"Puppy Sardar\" persona, he says that he had to work really hard to get the attitude, body language, nuances and get-up right. He even attended a workshop and was trained on the sets to achieve the desired results.\"Puppy Sardar is a loud character. I was very nervous. I was wearing a turban for the first time. The brief given to me was that my character had to be shameless and uncouth, and my tutor drilled it into my head that this character should be hated, in stark contrast to Veer, the hero that I primarily play,\" explains Tusshar. He notes, \"I play it more crass than any of the B-Town guys who have enacted similar roles.\"Not surprisingly, Tusshar wasn't recognised when he came to the sets in the get-up on the first day. Says Kulraj Randhawa, who stars opposite him, \"Everybody brushed past him assuming he was a visitor! The moment he'd get into the mood of the character he'd slap people on their back... in a friendly manner, of course!\"Chaar Din Ki Chandni hits screens on March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11933533", "title": "Centre\u2019s funds wasted in UP: PM", "text": "KANPUR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday minced no words in accusing Mayawati government of misusing funds meant for the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). Promising that \"we would work with greater strength for UP's development if the Congress is voted to power\", the Prime Minister urged the people to vote for change. \"The situation is bad. Most of the sugar mills in the state are either closed or have been sold to private owners. There were nearly 32 spinning mills, but most of then are now non-functional,\" he said.Asserting that the Centre did its best when it came to providing funds to UP, the Prime Minister listed schemes like MNREGA, PMGSY, NRHM and several other plans under which over Rs 1 lakh were given to the BSP-ruled state. \"While the Congress-led Centre was liberal in its allocations, the BSP government completely ignored UPA'S mission in fully implementing the projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA),\" Singh said.Under the NRHM, the Union government had facilitated the state government with the maximum monetary support, but the money was wasted by the Maya government, the PM said. He observed, \"UP can only become a leader when each and every person is given a share in progress. It's only possible when the poor and needy, small farmers and those who are not financially sound, become a part of development of the state.\"The Prime Minister pointed out that though Rs 17,000 crore was allocated for Bundelkhand and Rs 9,000 crore was given to the state under the Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yojna, not much has changed. He also listed initiatives taken by the Centre for betterment of the people. \"At least Rs 1,685 crore was given for a coach factory in Rae Bareli, Rs 24,000 crore for building roads by the NHAI, Food Security Bill was passed in Lok Sabha, minority students were given scholarships and efforts were made to improve the condition of madrssa teachers. Similarly, the Union government waived off farmer's loans to the tune of Rs 8,200 crore,\" he said.He reminded the people of the launch of 109 new trains, extension in services of nearly 45 trains, construction of 73 railway stations as model railway stations, renovation of 62 railway stations, eight new rail services and conversion of the Kanpur-Farrukhabad-Kasganj-Mathura rail section into broad gauge, besides construction of a bridge at Jajmau.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933712", "title": "Three women ex-mayors bite the dust", "text": "PUNE: It was only Kamal Vyavahare from the Congress, who came up trumps among the four former women mayors who contested the elections. Rajlaxmi Bhosale and Rajani Tribhuvan of the NCP and Vatsala Andekar, who contested as an independent, lost the battle.Vyavahare was the first woman mayor of Pune in the 1990s. \"I am happy to have made it this time. My efforts will be to further strengthen my party. Basic issues like water, traffic, garbage and other civic problems will be addressed on a priority basis,\" said Vyavahare, who is the state unit head of the women's wing of the Congress.Tribhuvan, who lost, secured 3,200 votes in her favour. \"I was hoping for around 3,500 votes. The fact is that citizens have always supported me. It was the party workers who played spoilsport this time. Just a couple of days before the election, I was told that money exchanged hands. That was unexpected,\" she said.However, she doesn't regret the result. \"My defeat doesn't sadden me. I have consistently worked for citizens over the last 15 years. Though I am happy to have served them, I can now dedicate all my time to my family,\" she added.Bhosale rued the loss she suffered this year. \"I feel cheated. Voters from various housing societies, for whom I had worked all these years, were bought. In fact, I found out that around 5,500 votes were bought in my ward. I had done my best all these years as an elected representative, but had no idea that voters and their voting patterns would change. Sadly, it is the people, who had absolutely no connection with politics, who came into the picture and caused this loss,\" she said.Andekar, who contested as an independent candidate, could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932701", "title": "Panel moots Rs 5k cr railway safety cess", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the Rail Budget, a committee has proposed a fresh levy on train passengers to finance the safety requirements. If accepted by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, who has been giving conflicting signals on raising fares, this will be the second time when the railways will ask passengers to bear the burden of what is its primary responsibility.The safety review committee, headed by former Atomic Energy Commission chairman Anil Kakodkar, has highlighted the \"grim financial condition\" and said poor infrastructure and resources of state-owned transporter are affecting safety.The panel recommended investment of Rs 1 lakh crore over five years for revamping railways, which included raising Rs 5,000 crore annually through a safety cess on passengers. Kakodkar seems to have borrowed the idea from Nitish Kumar , who as railway minister had levied a surcharge following a spate of accidents. The levy was removed by Lalu Prasad, citing the healthy financial position and the railways' ability to fund modernization and safety on its own.The committee has also suggested other funding mechanisms to meet safety needs like deferring dividend payment of Rs 5,000 crore a year and raising Rs 4,000 crore annually from commercial utilization of its land bank. Mamata Banerjee , Trivedi's political master, has the dubious distinction of being the only railway minister to have stayed away from dividend payment. \"The financial state of Indian Railways is on the brink of collapse unless some concrete measures are taken,\" the committee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932613", "title": "Tough contest ahead for BJP in Lucknow Cantt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The main problem that plagues Lucknow Cantonment is poor civic amenities. Lucknow Cantt comprises urban and educated voters who say they will vote for the candidate who will rid the constituency of bad roads and waterlogging during monsoon. The pot-holed roads and low-lying stretches are visible in every locality here. \"I keep a sufficient time margin when I leave for office every day. The bad roads make driving so difficult,\" said Chandrashekhar Joshi. A resident of Alambagh, Joshi said even his colony road, which has little or less traffic movement, is in bad shape. \"Waterlogging at Mawaiyya is another major problem,\" he added.Mawaiyya poses problem for commuters from Alambagh side as during rain it cuts off traffic to Charbagh. The low-lying stretch under railway overbridge lacks drainage and gets waterlogged even after brief showers. Mawaiyya too is a part of Lucknow Cantt constituency. Traffic chaos at Alambagh and Charbagh is the common complaint of most voters in this constituency.In Cantonment, voters complain about lack of proper transportation. \"Our topmost requirement is city bus service,\" said KS Bhandari, a resident of Shaheed Colony. The colony had the city bus service till some years ago, but then it was discontinued. There are several localities in Cantonment where civilians live, like Neelmatha, Topkhana, Rajbans and Sadar. But, residents say no major development has taken place in the past 10 to 15 years.BJP's Suresh Tiwari has been winning from Lucknow Cantt for the last three terms, but residents do not credit his party for development effort in all these years. Locals say candidates are seen only during elections. In Sadar, more than half of the roads are encroached, mostly by shopkeepers. Vehicles parked haphazardly also leave little space on roads. Garbage dumps are common. \"The dirty drains become a bigger nuisance during rain,\" said Naeem, a resident of Sadar. Residents blame police inaction for encroachment.In areas like Vikramaditya Marg, road, electricity and water woes are not rampant, but residents have different complaints to make. \"Be it any sensitive situation, a rally or a bandh, traffic is first blocked in this area,\" said Uma Singh. This creates lot of problems for schoolkids, office-goers and morning-walkers, she added. Some residents complain streetlights are out of order most of the times. At some points, traffic road-side trees have covered streetlights which blocks the light. \"The trees should be pruned regularly,\" added Shruti, a local resident.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11934363", "title": "Improve Nari Niketan condition: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hearing the infamous Nari Niketan case, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday maintained that there was a need to improve the condition of Nari Niketan and Ashreya and this issue should be looked into very seriously.Court also observed that the appointment of nodal officer and composition of visitors' board was not very fruitful and was a mere formality.The special division bench of the high court also orally called upon the Chandigarh administration and other respondents to have on board more dedicated members. The court had observed that the visitors' board comprised only VIPs and their spouses.The bench said on the basis of doubts raised by the amicus curiae Tanu Bedi, it was clear that the conditions at the Nari Niketan and Ashreya need to be viewed seriously by those at the helm of affairs. The bench has also asked amicus curiae to come up with suggestions, to improve conditions, on the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11939883", "title": "Why is Centre not sharing vital information with states, asks Naveen", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hitting out at Union home minister P Chidambaram over the issue of setting up anti-terror body NCTC, Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik today accused the Centre of not sharing information on its constitution, functioning and powers with state governments.Referring to Chidambaram's statement earlier in the day at Badu in West Bengal , Patnaik said, \"If security is the shared responsibility of the Centre and the state, then I am surprised that they (home ministry) are not sharing vital information with state governments.\"They have not shared information regarding the constitution of NCTC, its functioning and powers.\"Stating that Union Home Ministry sent huge bills for deployment of CRPF and BSF in states, including Odisha affected by Maoist activities, terrorism and extremism, Patnaik said, \"It is a matter of surprise that they can send heavy bills, but not the important notification issued on February 3.\"We are not informed about the new anti-terrorism body to be operational on March 1. It seems very peculiar. \"Security of the country is shared by the Centre and state governments. The Constitution of India assigns law and order to the state government and also assigns the Centre to protect the country against external aggression or internal disturbance,\" Chidambaram said in West Bengal.Chief Ministers of Odisha, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu , Bihar , Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh , have opposed the Centre's February 3 order which empowered the NCTC to arrest and search without informing the concerned state authorities.The chief ministers have written to the Prime Minister voicing their opposition to the Home Ministry's notification without consulting them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11939724", "title": "Bihar has now achieved \"catch up\" growth rate, says Sen", "text": "PATNA: Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen today described as \"the catch up\" growth rate Bihar had now achieved after remaining backward for a long time. \"The state has to cover a long distance to achieving the objective of development with justice,\" Sen said adding Bihar had now joined the race of development with present growth rate.\"It is just a catch up growth rate which is still very low,\" he said while speaking on the second day of the 'Global Bihar Summit 2012 on changing Bihar'. Sen said the \"National Sample Survey Organisation had always put the state's growth on a higher scale between 2004 and 2009... but there is no no improvement in the poverty situation.\"\"If every body starts feeling better it is the real meaning of development,\" Sen said. He praised the \"Nitish Kumar government for ensuring development and said there had been several good works done by the state government during the past five years.\" \"There is marked improvement in law and order and the state government had adopted fiscal responsibilities,\" the Planning Commission member said. \"The state has to lot more do to end corruption and maintaining law and order and have more and more transparency in functions,\" he emphasised.The state had to lay more thrust on health and education for reaping rich harvests of the financial help reaching it from the Centre. \"It has to lay special thrust on health and education and properly utilise the funds being received from the Central government, Sen pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933792", "title": "PCI chief to UP govt: Ensure freedom of press", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over complaints that newspapers and journalists in Uttar Pradesh were being harassed by banning of government advertisements or non-accreditation Press Council chief Markandey Katju asked the administration to lift the ban and submit a report on the action taken. Terming action to make newspapers ``toe the line of the government'' as \"arbitrary'' and ``vindictive'' Katju said that state should ensure freedom of press and follow model rules framed by the Press Council of India (PCI).\"Delay in this matter is wholly unacceptable, and those responsible for it will be held accountable,\" he wrote in his letter to UP chief secretary and secretary of information and public relations department.Katju said, \"Many complaints have been coming from the state of Uttar Pradesh that press freedom is being violated in various ways example denying government advertisements or accreditation of journalists to the newspaper or journalist which is critical of the government...Denial of government advertisements and accreditation to deserving newspapers or journalists is often done to make them toe the line of the government. This in my opinion is wholly unconstitutional.\"Katju said that the model rules were for protection of journalists' rights and states were expected to constitute committees for granting government advertisements and accreditation of journalists but such committees were absent in UP. \"It is deeply regretted that no such committees have been functional in UP, and often the government authorities in UP act arbitrarily and in a vindictive manner,\" the PCI chief said.He added that freedom of the press was a guaranteed fundamental right under the Constitution and it is the duty of the PCI to uphold this right demanding a report on compliance of the model rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11934193", "title": "12-day book fair from March 15", "text": "PATNA: A 12-day book fair will open at Gandhi Maidan on March 15. To be organized by the Centre for Readership Development, the fair is being touted as part of the state's centenary celebrations. According to CRD chairman H L Gulati, the Patna Book Fair is usually held in the month of December.\"However, we deliberately postponed the Patna Book Fair - 2011 to March so that it could coincide with the Bihar Diwas celebrations,\" Gulati said and added the theme of the fair would be \"Bihar pragati ki raah par\" and it would showcase the growth of publishing industry in Bihar and how it was contributing to the development of the state. Over 400 publishers, including Penguin India, are likely to take part in the event, CRD convener Amit Jha said and added the books on display would include fiction and non-fiction. Students would be allowed free entry to the fair on production of their identity cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934508", "title": "Teams vie to enter next round in BAJA SAE India", "text": "INDORE: Around 100 teams competed to qualify for the next round on the second day of national automobile engineering event, Baja SAE India, on Friday.On Friday, around 150 judges from research and development wing of various automobile companies conducted technical inspection and static evaluation of the vehicles made by the participating team from different engineering colleges of the country at National Automobile Test Track ( NATRAX) in Pithampur.Mahendra Kumar, convenor of BAJA SAE India, said, \"By the end of the day 78 teams out of 100 were selected for the endurance test. These teams will now battle for the main title by driving their vehicle on 3.5 km torture track for four hours.\"He further stated that on the second day, the judges examined the technical aspects of the vehicles prepared by the team and under the static evaluation they looked at innovation, design, suspension, brake, engine evaluation, marketing and cost evaluation. \"Quality of the team this year is comparatively better and students have come up with very compact and innovative vehicles,\" he said.Around 1,100 students from 100 participating teams also participated in the aptitude-cum-written test. \"On the basis of performance in the test, students were shortlisted for the HR round. The companies will give 200 on the spot jobs to the students at the end of the event,\" Kumar said.On Saturday, teams will participate in dynamic event wherein they will pass the hill climb test, endurance of engine and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11934223", "title": "Lady who cooks up rape", "text": "PANCHKULA: A fake 'rape victim' is on the prowl in Panchkula. In what would be a wake up call for men, the woman - in her 50s - comes in various avatars, sometimes as maid servant or a fruit seller only to woo men and slap false rape charges if she fails to extort money.The order of the Punjab and Haryana high court, pronounced on December 7, 2010, in one of the rape cases that the woman had filed against a Chandigarh cop, stated, \"She admitted that 52 complaints were filed by her, including the application given to the SSP.\"\"The woman withdrew her complaints after she got money,\" added the order. Some witnesses, who appeared in the court during a hearing whose statements were also recorded and are a part of the order had revealed how the woman, in the garb of a maid, used to create nuisance in the house and use fake evidences like used condoms in the dustbin in order to falsely implicate the person.In another case, she alleged that three youths had raped her in Mansa Devi area. The cancellation report of police in this case stated, \"As no circumstantial material was found, case has been closed.\"In 2011, when she was on her way to Panchkula from Delhi in a Haryana Roadways bus after attending final hearing of the Supreme Court where the head constable was acquitted, she alleged that she was raped by the driver, conductor and two others. \"Finding no evidence,\" the court granted bail to the accused.Manbir Singh Rathi, a lawyer, said, \"We have discussed the issue with an NGO to inform people about the trap. We had a word with a few victims who will submit an application to NGO and after which the NGO will become a complainant in this case.\"It's her way to extort money from people. How is it possible that these cases happen with the same woman every time? It is only on orders from the court under malicious prosecution or complaint by any victim that police can book her under false implications. Such cases have been cracked by Delhi police also.Dheeraj Sethia | assistant commissioner of police casesJuly 2008 | The woman alleged that she was raped by three youths late at night. Finding no circumstantial evidences against the accused, police closed the caseApril 2010 | She accused a Chandigarh police head constable, Anil Kumar of raping her for 6-7 months under the pretext of finding her missing husband. High court acquitted him in December 20102010 | The woman filed a complaint against Gurjit Singh and Anurag of Chandigarh saying Gurjit Singh used to force her to have relations with his boss, Anurag. In the court, she withdrew her complaint saying she had reached a compromise as both of them were her nephews2011 | She moved Supreme Court for head constable case but it was dismissed againJuly 2011 | She accused Haryana Roadways bus driver, conductor and two others of raping her. Finding no evidence, the accused were granted bail", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11932637", "title": "Muslims hold the key in City West", "text": "LUCKNOW: Budding social worker Wajahat is a first-time voter. He is one of the Muslims whose vote may play a decisive role in Lucknow West constituency. Political parties believe that Muslims hold the key in this seat. \"Over 41% voters in this constituency are Muslims,\" said a party worker. Since Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad has urged the community not to vote for Congress, the challenge has become stiffer for party's candidate and sitting MLA Shyam Kishore Shukla to retain this seat. \"It will not be easy for Shukla to retain his seat which is home to people who are dedicated voters of Bharatiya Janata Party. In fact, the seat has been in BJP's kitty since 1991 and Shukla could win only after sitting MLA Lalji Tandon vacated the seat following his election to Lok Sabha,\" said Ankita Verma, a resident of Rajajipuram - a locality that is in dire need of attention. The roads are bumpy, waterlogging due to poor sewerage system makes it home to diseases and power snags have afftected industry here.Interestingly, BJP candidate from this seat, Suresh Srivastava, is a resident of Tikait Rai colony in Rajajipuram. A sitting MLA from former Lucknow Central assembly constituency, Srivastava was forced to move to Lucknow West after delimitation. He has the challenge of reclaiming the BJP stronghold. BJP MP Lalji Tandon wanted to field his son Ashutosh Gopaljee Tandon from here but was not given the ticket.Considering the dominance of Muslim voters in this constituency, some political parties have fielded Muslim candidates. While Mohd Rehan Naeem is making his political debut from Samajwadi Party, the ruling BSP has given the ticket to a unani doctor Syed Shahid Hussain. Peace Party and the Trinamool Congress have given tickets to Dr Azizul Hasan alias Aziz Khan and Abbas Mirza respectively. Political analysts say too many Muslim candidates will lead to division of Muslim votes. The recent sectarian clash in the Old City may further result in polarization of Muslim votes. Many consider this seat as a battle between BJP and SP. BJP because of the past records and SP for Muslim and Yadav population and of course the clean image.\"Muslims comprise nearly 40% of population here. Given that there are three Muslim candidates, Muslim votes will definitely get divided. I thing BJP will get the benefit of this,\" said Saiyada Khadija - an academician from Thakurganj.Sitting MLA Shukla, however, sounds a confident note. \"People in the area want change for development. And only Congress can help them,\" he said. Voters, however, hint towards anti-incumbency. \"Two years is a good time to prove one's worth. In fact I saw him for the first time when he came out for canvassing,\" said Mohd Irshad, a resident.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933347", "title": "NTRO can't eavesdrop, says govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has granted nine intelligence agencies the right to lawfully intercept and monitor communications within the country but, ironically, the technical intelligence agency created exclusively for the purpose does not figure in the list.On January 17, the government notified the standard operating procedure (SOP) for lawful interception and monitoring. The list of agencies empowered to do so left out the National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO), which was created after the Kargil conflict as a dedicated technical intelligence agency.\"It means the NTRO cannot carry out any legal interception, definitely not within Indian borders,\" a senior official said.According to sources in the intelligence community, the NTRO's absence from the list could be due to opposition from the home ministry, which did not want classification of the NTRO as an intelligence agency and its notification as a monitoring agency. It was also opposed by the Intelligence Bureau (IB), which had for years protested the inclusion of the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) in the list of monitoring agencies.The ministry's opposition came despite the Cabinet Committee on Security, while setting up the NTRO, clearly spelling out that the agency should be notified as a monitoring agency.The government's notification followed the leak of the Niira Radia tapes, the resultant controversy and consultations within the government on the issue. There has been much debate within the government and outside about the agencies which should be permitted to carry out lawful interception and monitoring.The final list of empowered agencies includes the IB, RAW, the Central Board of Direct Taxes, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, the CBI, the Narcotics Control Bureau and three others.Although a committee headed by the cabinet secretary had earlier recommended that the power be denied to the CBDT, which had carried out the Radia intercepts, it made it to the list while the Central Economic Intelligence Bureau failed to do so this time.The home ministry's opposition to the inclusion of the NTRO in the list also meant that the Intelligence Organisations (Restriction of Rights) Act, 1985 was not notified for the NTRO. The Act prevents employees of a notified agency from forming associations, and has several other clauses, including stricter conditions on handling of official secrets.According to the new SOP, which makes legal interception a more stringent affair and increases accountability, eavesdropping can take place for only 180 days. It allows accessing of voice, data such as SMSs, GRPS data, call detail records and others. The SOP also holds service providers responsible for actions of individual employees, when it comes to intercepts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932096", "title": "SP queers the pitch for Congress, weans Muslim votes away", "text": "MUMBAI: A considerable percentage of voters in minority-dominated pockets (wards) in Mumbai preferred to vote for independents or Samajwadi Party (SP) candidates, despite efforts by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the Congress' senior Muslim leaders to woo Muslim votes.The community is traditionally considered a strong Congress vote base. However, four of the seven wards between Lotus Colony and Cheetah Nagar in Chembur, which is a Muslim-dominated pocket, elected SP candidates. Independent candidates from the community won two other seats in the region, while the Shiv Sena won the remaining seat. Worse, Congress candidates lost by big margins in these areas.The story was repeated elsewhere. In Kurla, which also has a high Muslim population, SP candidate Ashraf Azmi polled 9,681 votes in ward no 159 (Vinoba Bhave Nagar). Congress candidate Nitesh Singh, son of party legislator Rajhans Singh, came a distant third with 3,981 votes. In ward 158, sitting Congress corporator Masood Ansari's daughter Sana was defeated by SP candidate Dilshad Azmi.The SP, which won seven seats in 2007, ended up with nine seats this time. Party candidates also spoiled the Congress's chances in many areas. For instance in Bharat Nagar, Bandra, the Congress candidate was unseated by Iliyas Bashir Shiekh, an independent. The Congress is believed to have lost as Muslim votes were split by SP candidate Idris Saifullah and another independent, Raja Rehbaar Khan.Independent Hanifa Bi, contesting from Cheetah camp, upset incumbent Asma Shaikh of the NCP. Shaikh had won the seat as an SP candidate last time and recently joined the NCP. Hanifa Bi is the mother of Afroze Shaikh, who was arrested by the Mumbai Crime Branch in October 2001 for allegedly planning an attack on the UK's House of Commons on 9/11, but later acquitted. Her second son Mohammed Farooq Sheikh, a sitting corporator, claimed people voted for his development work.\"The Congress-NCP made a lot of empty promises. Many deserving Muslim candidates were denied tickets during the last Assembly elections. The SP gained from the growing disenchantment towards the alliance,\" said Maulana Burhanuddin Qasmi of Jogeshwari-based NGO Markazul Maarif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11934583", "title": "IIM-R moots business pact to fund education for girls", "text": "ROHTAK: The students of Indian Institute of Management (Rohtak) have roped in business houses to sponsor the education of schoolgirls in exchange of outdoor advertisement on auto-rickshaws.Twenty auto-drivers in Rohtak would now have their daughters' school fees paid by business houses in exchange of advertisements being displayed on their vehicles.The innovative plan, mooted and brokered by IIM students, is an effort to encourage the education of girls in a state that is already suffering a skewed sex ratio. A mini marathon will also be organized on February 19 to spread the message against female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934061", "title": "Frenchman captures sound of India's soul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"He is a storyteller, who relates his stories through images, tinkers, chimes and noises,\" was how Sekhar Mukherjee, discipline coordinator and faculty member at NID's animation film department introduced French music composer Eryck Abecassis to the audience. Performing under the aegis of Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, the musician-composer showed a glimpse of his storytelling prowess on Friday evening through an experimental and thought-provokingly abstract composition, 'NoisIndia'.Beginning the evening with a short pure electronic composition, Eryck moved on to the multimedia piece NoisIndia, based on the story of ship-recycling yards, particularly the one in Alang. The piece unraveled an environment evocative of pain and tension. Eryck juxtaposed montages with sound to tell a tale of death, both in its physicality and in its abstract overtones.The sounds that Eryck used in his compositions were mundane, known noises - like the horn of a car, the stepping up of the accelerator, or the crickets creaking. Overwhelming hammering sounds of the ship breaking yard finally submerged other sounds, including workers' voices. A kite on an ominous prowl over the city only increased the tension. The images showing the complete anonymity of the sailors' costumes hanging from poles and their personal belongings, along with the banality of metal and din in dislodged condition reached a crescendo with the increasing thunder of the hammering and breakage.The audience reacted to the music with a barrage of questions after the performance. Eryck while laughingly agreeing that his compositions were not 'rock and roll' told them how for him it is about open tempo and texture. \"Music, before being an acoustic arrangement, is about relation with people,\" says Eryck, \"For me, even the change in frequency expresses emotion. I am not concerned with happiness in music, and NoisIndia is about pain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "male", "code": "11938911", "title": "Maldives: Nasheed asks govt to fulfil early poll date promise", "text": "MALE: Maldives' ousted President Mohammed Nasheed on Saturday asked the new regime to fulfil its promise to fix an early date for polls under an India-brokered deal, a day after a Commonwealth ministerial team arrived here to probe the circumstances of his resignation.As his MDP party's mass rally demanding snap elections entered the second day today, 44-year-old Nasheed, who was the first democratically-elected President of the country, said the people of the country wanted early polls. \"They (Maldivians) want to know the date for the elections and how will they be held,\" he told thousands of his supporters at the 'Tsunami Monument' here, adding the protest \"will not be stopped tonight or tomorrow.\"Nasheed's MDP had earlier said that it was grateful to India for its \"timely intervention\" to help resolve the political impasse here, a view shared by the new regime headed by 59-year-old Mohammed Waheed Hassan. Foreign Secretary Ranjan Mathai, who was here on a two-day visit, had met all stakeholders, including Hassan and Nasheed, and helped the government to come out with a roadmap to ease the political crisis triggered by the last week resignation of Nasheed in what he claimed was a coup d'etat. After his talks here, Mathai had announced on Thursday that consequent to his discussions all the parties had agreed on a formulation to get the country out of the crisis.Under the agreed formulation, the government of national unity would hold discussions with all relevant parties to conduct elections by an early date. It would work towards the conditions that would permit such elections to take place, including any necessary Constitutional amendments, Mathai had said. All parties of the country are expected to meet tomorrow to discuss a date for early polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11934452", "title": "Get ready to shell out more to cable guy", "text": "INDORE: Cable TV subscribers, whose number may well run into millions in the state, are in for bad times. Cable operators may pull the plug on subscribers next month to protest higher entertainment tax by stopping beaming programmes. They have yet to take a decision to this effect, sources said. By conservative estimates, there are 5,000 operators in the state.They are also considering increasing cable connection charges to pass on the burden to subscribers.At a meeting on Friday, MSOs decided to go ahead in a strategic manner. They would submit a representation to the state government. If nothing happens, they would either stop beaming programmes or increase monthly subscription charges.Currently, the cable operators are charging Rs 250 per month, which may go up to Rs 300. DTH players are charging Rs 150 and above, which is less than cable operators' charges.Though 20% entertainment tax, in case annual sales turnover of the multi service operators (MSOs) exceeded Rs 5 lakh, came into effect in the state from April 1 last year, it was not implemented. The cable operators had approached the Madhya Pradesh High Court, which granted the stay. However, the stay was vacated on Thursday.Simply put, all MSOs would have to pay entertainment tax of 20% from the due date besides a service tax of 10.3%. Earlier, the cable operators in the state were paying a measly Rs 20 per cable connection per month to the state government as entertainment cess. The cable operators see the state government's move as a threat to their existence as they are already finding it hard to compete with DTH operators having deep pockets.Talking to ToI, an executive of Digi Cable, said we can't pass on the burden of increased entertainment tax to our subscriber as we may lose the battle to DTH operators. We are doing our job as the state-owned TV channels services are not just enough to cater to entertainment-related needs of the people. Forget entertainment, we also provide information, news and other related services to our customers. Now, when the state government has imposed additional entertainment tax on us, why it doesn't do the same in case of telecom providers that provide entertainment to cellphone subscribers through SMS and dial tones, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11934383", "title": "Their baby steps towards saving girl child bear fruit", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of Ahsaas Charitable Foundation are proud and happy that they succeeded in their endeavour of saving the girl child. They were able to convince a woman to not go for sex determination of her unborn child and thus prevented abortion of the girl child. Now, the girl is two months old and healthy.One of the members, Reena Devit, who is a teacher and resides in Kitchlu Nagar, said, \"Anu Jain and her husband Dinesh Jain were already blessed with two kids, one 14-year-old daughter and 13-year-old son. When Anu conceived for the third time, she wanted to check the sex of foetus. She wanted to abort the child if it was a girl, but when we came to know about this, we started motivating her and stopped her from getting any medical check-up and changed her mind.\"Another member Kiran Jain of Rishi Nagar said, \"Our foundation works for the betterment of society, especially saving the girl child. We took time to convince her and it was not easy but not impossible too. She gave birth to a baby girl on November 27, 2011, whom we named Yashika. We celebrated her first Lohri on January 13 this year.\" She added now the members were planning for her higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933342", "title": "Man earns his PhD in Sanskrit at 68", "text": "MYSORE: There is no age limit for pursuing higher education and it is only the zeal and interest to learn that led Anil Kumar to study, even after retirement. He now has a PhD from the premier University of Madras, which has conferred the degree of doctorate of philosophy to the 68-year-old for his thesis in Sanskrit.Anil Kumar, though an electrical engineer by profession, was very interested in knowing more about Hindu culture and heritage values. He decided to take up Sanskrit as his subject to pursue his master's degree.He completed his postgraduation in Sanskrit in 2005 and later decided to go further in the subject and conducted a research. Under the guidance of S Revathy of department of Sanskrit, Anil Kumar managed to complete his thesis on 'Comparative Study of Vivaha Samskara in Grihya Sutras of the Four Vedas.'What is unusual apart from the age at which he has his done PhD, is that Anil Kumar is an electrical engineer who passed out from the National Institute of Engineering in 1964. Nearly 40 years after completing his engineering, he owned small scale industry in the field of air pollution control in Chennai. From 1973 to 2003, he managed to run his industry and later wound it up. He completed his MA in Sanskrit in 2005 at the University of Madras with first class. He is an alumnus of Mahajana High School, Jayalakshmipurm and Yuvaraja's College. After closing his firm, he shifted to Mysore. \"I was very interested to know more about Hindu tradition. Hence I decided to study Sanskrit,\" he told TOI. He is also very interested in doing a postdoctoral fellowship, he said.Now a resident of Mysore, Anil Kumar has set up Kalpa Heritage Trust, with the objective of collecting material on Hindu rituals, digitizing and posting them on the website he has started (www.kalpaheritage.com). Anyone interested can download the material free of cost.The Trust, in association with Avadhoota Datta Peetha, conducted a national seminar on Vivaha Samskara in October 2011 in Mysore, wherein traditional and academic scholars from all over India presented papers on various aspects of Vivaha. Kumar also has plans to conduct a national seminar on Shulba Sutras (dealing with the construction of Vedic Altars) in June/July 2012 in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11934121", "title": "Hypersonic vehicles can take you to US in two hours", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Once the hypersonic technology based transportation vehicle being developed by DRDO gets ready, one can travel to the United States and other western countries in about two hours, said Tessy Thomas, project director, Agni, the first-ever woman director of an Indian missile project.Interacting with students and young women scientists at the Kerala State Council for Science Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) here on Friday, she said extensive research was going on to develop thermal protection materials such as carbon composites, and nickel/copper-based super alloy for these hypersonic technology vehicles.Technology has made rapid progress, she said. Paddy cultivation in deserts, minimally invasive surgeries, magnetic bullet high speed trains, etc are all part of this advancement.She also told the students that there were two types missiles -- Tactical and Strategic. Tactical ones are short range missiles with fast dynamics, such as Akash. Strategic ones are long range ballistic missiles with nuclear weapons carrying systems with a payload of 48 tons and up to 18 metres long.The missile systems in the country include surface-to-surface ones such as Prithvi and Agni; surface-to-air such as Akash and Patriot; air-to-air missile Astra, air-to-surface Sea Eagle, and anti-tank missiles Nag and Cobra. Recently we have also developed the Brahmos supersonic cruise missiles, she said.Noted material scientist Dr Lakshmi S Nair from the University of Connecticut Health Center (US) spoke of the challenge of developing bio-degradable polymers in tissue engineering for medical devices to support tissue re-generation of cartilage, bone grafts and ligaments. This is a US Army funded project. She is in the city as part of the Indo-US project on cell therapy, which began last year and is set to be completed by 2013. The project team has one research student from Amrita University in India and five students from the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11933788", "title": "Crucial poll battles throw up surprises", "text": "NASHIK: Sanjay Chavhan, former president of the NMC's standing committee and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) rebel, finally pipped NCP's city unit president Gajanan Shelar in the prestigious battle for ward 54. The contest between the two leaders from the same party gathered attention when both of them were denied the seat in ward 29 (B) and both tried their best to get a party nomination in ward 54. However, as the party chose to support its city unit president, Chavhan preferred fighting the election as an independent candidate, a decision that triggered the first incident of poll violence in the city.Bagging nine of the 24 seats in 11 wards of the Nashik East division, the MNS equaled the tally of the NCP-Congress front, which bagged bagging six and three seats respectively, even as BJP managed to win two seats and the Shiv Sena managed to open its account.While the Chavhan (972 votes)-Shelar (802 votes) battle was the most talked about, disheartening defeats like those of Amol Jadhav, the sitting corporator and office-bearer of the Youth Congress, from ward 53, Vandana Manchanda of the Congress and Mushir Sayyed were also reported in the division.Among the prominent winners were Shahu Khaire and Vatsala Khaire, from ward 27-A and B, Rahul Dive from ward 31-B, Sanjay Sable from 28-A and Sufi Jin from 26-A from the Congress, Vinayak Khaire from the NCP, Satish Kulkarni of the BJP from ward 38-A, and Sachin Marathe from the Shiv Sena. This is the fourth time that Kulkarni has been elected to the house.BJP's Satish Shukla, who challenged the allotment of polling stations in the ward in the High Court, lost the battle. Sunil Khode (MNS), Anil Tazanpure (Shiv Sena) and Gopal Patil (BJP) are among the top losers. The Nashik East division also saw the MNS dethroning most of the parties from the second position, even if it failed to clinch the top award in the ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11933693", "title": "Pune Janahit Aghadi fails to impress voters", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Janahit Aghadi, a political front floated by corporator Ujjwal Keskar, failed to make a mark as all its 12 candidates lost in the civic elections this year.Keskar, who was expelled from the BJP after his rebellion during the 2009 state assembly polls, lost to MNS. His wife, Poorva, also lost by over 5,500 votes to BJP's sitting corporator Medha Kulkarni in what was billed as one of the key contests.The Janahit Aghadi's other prominent candidates, Anagha Paranjape, Sudhir Gavali and Nilesh Khatri, too ended up on the losing side. Although, the front can draw some solace from the fact that none of its candidates lost their election deposits.Keskar, a known supporter of senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde , was elected to the PMC on a BJP ticket in the last civic polls in 2007. However, he contested the 2009 assembly polls as an independent after he was denied a nomination by the party.In the run up to the civic elections, Keskar floated the Janahit Aghadi with an agenda to take up the cause of some of the key issues concering development of Pune city, including redevelopment of slums, development plan, additional floor space index (FSI) for middle-class dwellings etc.\"It is evident from the poll results that we have fallen short of people's expectations,\" he said while reacting to the front's performance. \"I am not dejected by this failure. The result has made me more determined to keep working for the city's cause,\" he said.Keskar said, \"The front was floated with the very objective of creating a pressure group to get things done in terms of civic development. A combination of reasons have worked to our failure. The MNS factor has worked to good effect in civic elections 2012. They (MNS) won barely eight seats in 2007 as against the 28 seats this time.\"\"As a political outfit, we got our registration only a few days before the elections and we could not reach out to the voters with an apt plan and vision. We will now work for spreading the front's activity and will continue to fight for people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "11933346", "title": "Dubare mahouts' strike continues", "text": "MADIKERI: Twenty mahouts and assistants scaled up their protest at the Dubare elephant camp by sending 16 camp elephants into the forest and denying tourists rides on the animals. The Somwarpet Taluk Tribal Association president RK Chandru, who led the mahouts, said the strike would continue until their demands are met.The main demand is regularization of the services of ten mahouts who are currently daily wage workers and have been so for more than 10 years. nother demand is cancelling the forest department's decision to shift four elephants from Dubare to Madhya Pradesh.The deputy conservator of forests Anand told TOI that as per the Supreme Court's decision and the Centre's instructions, these temporary workers could not be made permanent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932940", "title": "Joint meeting of ministers, party workers to iron out differences", "text": "JAIPUR: A maiden joint-meeting of the council of ministers and the office-bearers of the ruling Congress party was convened on Friday. The meeting took place at chief minister Ashok Gehlot's residence in the backdrop of the party workers' unremitting complaints that the ministers not listening to them even in matters of public concerns.Officially the meeting was said to be about briefing the ministers and the party workers on how to ensure proper execution of government sponsored welfare schemes in rural areas. A separate meeting on the same issue was held the CM residence in the morning also where only the council of ministers was invited.Sources said the chief minister was eager to avoid possibilities of 'clashes' between his ministers and the Congress state office-bearers when they undertake visits in the districts to promote government schemes and party flagship programme from February 21 to 23. The ruling party was facing public opposition in rural areas due to mix of lack of development activities and the ministers' indifference towards the party workers, sources said.\"The government may come up with the best of welfare schemes but their benefits will not percolate to the lowest rung of society until we get the organisation (Congress) workers' support,\" chief minister Gehlot said at the meeting.At almost every function held at the party headquarters in the past six months, the Congress office-bearers have hit out against the ministers for allegedly snubbing them. Sources said Gehlot and party state president Chandrabhan emphasised on coordination between the ministers and the Congress's in-charges of the districts during the three-day event beginning February 21.At the joint-meeting in the evening the party in-charges complained against the state bureaucracy for similar mistreatment meted out to the Congress's grassroots workers. \"The Congressmen are given no 'weight' by the ministers or the bureaucrats even in localised public matters,\" an office-bearer said at the joint-meeting.The party workers primarily talked about issues like erratic supplies of electric and water and black-marketing of fodder and fertilizers. The issue of compensation for crops destroyed due to the recent cold-wave was also discussed.The joint-meeting started with Gehlot talking about the decisions taken at the council of ministers in the morning. The Congress secretary in-charges of the districts talked about the party workers' concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11933227", "title": "MLA refuses to be member of porngate panel", "text": "MYSORE: The legislature committee constituted to probe porngate has suffered a blow with Congress member H C Mahadevappa refusing to be part of the panel. He attributed his decision to patry's stand that there was no need to probe the case.The former minister on Friday said he will not take up the post. He said: \"I don't know what is there to investigate. It is all clear that the BJP MLAs have watched the porn clips. They have accepted it too.\" Mahadevappa, who represents Tirumakudlu Narsipur in Mysore district in the Assembly, said he has not received any communication from the Speaker regarding his appointment. \"I'll write to him and inform him that I'm not taking up the post once I get the order. The Speaker using his powers has appointed me. But I'm not taking it.\" He also added that he was not consulted before he was named for the seven-member panel.\"It is our party's stand that they should be punished. I'm toeing the party's line. The sanctity of the House is vitiated with the incident and the House should have apologized for the act. It is an unfortunate incident and I regret it. I'm not opposing their right of privacy. But watching porn clip in the House is a crime,\" he said, adding it has eroded the trust of the public in the democratic institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11933172", "title": "Semi-final bout for political parties", "text": "BANGALORE: The bypoll for the Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary seat could well be the precursor of the 2013 assembly elections and it's high stakes for all political parties , especially the ruling BJP. The election has been necessitated following chief minister Sadananda Gowda's resignation after his election to the state legislative council.Though both BJP and Congress leaders may publicly play it down as just another by-election, the timing has forced parties to take it seriously. BJP leaders may feel it's a cakewalk by virtue of it being a party bastion, the ongoing power struggle between leaders, particularly between Sadananda Gowda and his predecessor Yeddyurappa , is bound to cast its shadow.BJP has won the seat since 1999 and it comprises assembly segments from Chikmagalur and Udupi districts which are BJP strongholds. \"We should select a good candidate irrespective of the group he belongs to,\" said a senior leader, admitting that a win would be a tough ask.Meanwhile, Congress leaders with nothing to lose are buoyant. In the past three and half years Congress may have lost most bypolls in the state , but it's raring to go for the 2013 assembly elections. KPCC chief G Parmeshwara said the Congress has almost finalized the candidate and will announce the name in a couple of days. It has several issues, including illegal mining and Porngate, to take on the BJP,\" he said, terming this bypoll as the beginning of the end of BJP's free run.The JD(S) which has no stake in the elections says it wants to test the waters in its preparations for the assembly elections. Though It may not win the elections, it will certainly alter the poll prospects of Congress more than BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11932419", "title": "Parties change strategy to win over urban voters", "text": "NOIDA: Candidates of all major political parties have modified their campaign strategies to woo the 2.5 lakh strong urban voter base in Noida assembly. Instead of the usual promises, they have decided to focus on issues that affect the everyday lives of residents, such as law &amp; order, transport, sanitation, healthcare, electricity and quality of water supply. Out of the three assembly constituencies the district, Noida is the only one that has a substantial urban vote base. As a result, most party candidates have chalked out their campaign strategies to suit the urban voters.While, all major political parties in fray seem to have accepted the changing demographic profile of Noida and, hence, fielded such candidates who can make an immediate connect with the urban residents, the candidates on their part have resorted to various methods to establish that connect, like door-to-door campaigns in residential sectors, daily meetings with RWAs and sending catchy text messages to appeal to the urban voters.\"Noida has around 2.5 lakh urban voters and another 1.5 lakh rural residents. The demands and needs of those living in the villages are different from those living in urban and developed sectors. Hence, besides meeting the villagers, I make it a point to meet RWA members and residents of the urban sectors each day,\" said Dr Mahesh Sharma, the BJP candidate. \"After interacting with them, I have realized that the urban voters want infrastructure development, law &amp; order and better living conditions,\" he said. Sharma has also promised to ensure \"greater participation of residents and RWAs in decisions of the Noida Authority that affect them directly.\"The Congress candidate, Dr V S Chauhan, too has been stressing on the need for better \"law &amp; order arrangements. Ensuring \"better health care facilities, regular electricity supply across the city and Ganga water\" too figure prominently on his list of promises.To counter the heavyweights Congress and BJP, the BSP candidate Om Dutt Sharma, has been stressing on his party's past efforts in bringing about development. \"Our party has started two government schools and two multispecialty hospitals in Noida and Greater Noida,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11932518", "title": "Mystery woman's death in ESI: Lapses in hospital admission process", "text": "GURGAON: A 20-year-old woman who died in the ESI hospital in Sector 9A under mysterious circumstances after two unknown youths had admitted her on February 8. An official at the ESI hospital says there is no detailed record of the case.In the hospital record, only the name of the victim, Anju, is given. She was admitted by unknown young men. The woman was admitted to the hospital four days before she died, but no one wrote down her full address.What is puzzling is the hospital, which otherwise admits only ESI account holders, admitted this patient without her being an ESI account holder. The facts of the case came to light only after the death of the woman . Two young men had admitted the woman on February 8 around 5.30pm saying that her name was Anju and she had had fits of epilepsy.The doctors immediately admitted the woman to the emergency ward and started the treatment without taking down the names and address(es) of the men who had admitted her. The unknown young men then stayed with the woman till the next day (February 9) late evening, but the hospital doctors and other staff failed to get the crucial details from the men.Later that evening they ran away from the hospital. The following day was when it occurred to people in the hospital that they should ask for the address and other details but there was no one to give them the answers. The patient's condition was serious and her life was most important when she was admitted, according to the medical superintendent of ESI Hospital.\"Our doctors and staff spontaneously thought of saving the patient's life first. The woman was unconscious and that is the only reason she was admitted without being an ESI account holder. We informed the police soon after the young men absconded but police did not take the matter seriously. They came on February 13 and on the same day around 11:50am the woman died during treatment,\" said Dr S L Vig.The real identity of the woman and details of the two men who brought her to the hospital have gone with her to the grave. \"Due to the negligence and inefficient functioning of the hospital, the victim is not yet identified and we processed the case under Section 174 CrPC. If the patient was not related to any ESI account holder, why didn't the doctors on duty refer her to the Civil Hospital in those four days when she was alive,\" asked Dr Abhey Singh Rao , DCP (West). Meanwhile, the postmortem report of the woman states the cause of death as \"asphyxia due to occlusion of respiratory passages\" and does not mention epilepsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933943", "title": "Traffic jawan thrashed, 3 held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city traffic brigade jawan and a traffic constable were beaten up by local goons in Kalupur on Friday morning. Kalupur police officials later arrested three persons in connection with the case.According to investigators, Sanjay Patni, a traffic brigade jawan, was on his duty near Kalupur water tank at 11.45 am on Friday. At that time, he found a loading mini truck rushing in wrong side and jamming the traffic. Thus, he went on the spot and told the driver to get his truck out of the wrong side and pay the fine for violating the traffic rule.\"The driver identified himself as Sumit Gupta, son of Kamlesh Gupta, a local goon, and asked Patni to leave him. When Patni insisted, he called up Kamlesh who came on the spot with Sanjay Rajput, one of his associates,\" said a Kalupur police official. \"When Patni saw that the matter was heating up, he informed Pravin Solanki, a traffic constable, about the incident. Soon, the trio beaten up Patni as local residents gathered on the spot. Patni's right hand got fractured in the incident.\"When Solanki tried to intervene, he was also beaten up by more than ten persons present on the spot. Soon, Kalupur police officials rushed on the spot and nabbed the trio. \"Kamlesh, a railway parcel contractor, has earlier been booked in similar case of an assault on railways employee. We are clubbing the case and have booked him for assault on government employee,\" said the official.Police watches helplessly as SG Highway got clogged due to wedding processionIt was a grand function of marriage of a political leader's kin on Friday at a party plot n SG Highway that made the commuters sit and take note - from comfort of their vehicles, as the highway stretch from Sola to Iskcon got clogged in the afternoon. According to eye-witnesses, the high-profile marriage had hundreds of guests that blocked one stretch of the highway and the commuters either had to wait or divert their vehicles as many volunteers from the procession stopped non-invitees enter the stretch for more than an hour. When contacted, Nilesh Jajadiya, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that he did not come across any complaint from the area in the day and traffic was normal in his jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11934344", "title": "Mahashivratri: 1.25 crore clay Shivlingas to be prepared for the festival", "text": "VARANASI: Showcasing the religious fervour on the occasion of forthcoming festival of Maha Shivratri, over 10,000 devotees from across the country, including Bollywood actor Ashutosh Rana , assembled at the Town Hall here on Friday and prepared around 18 lakh Parthiv Shivlingas with clay.With the aim to prepare 1.25 crore Shivlingas in seven days, a 'Maha Shivratri Shivling Nirman' drive is being organised under the guidance of Sant Pandit Dev Prabhakar Shashtri Bhakt Mandal at Townhall, Maidagin.According to Shashtri, as many as 18 lakh Shivlingas will be prepared each day, with black clay which is found in the Ganga bed.\"Small balls of the clay are cut and counted before shaping in the form of Shivlinga. Coloured grains of rice are used to decorate each Shivlinga,\" said Vartika (8) who was present to contribute in making Shivling with her family.\"Once Shivlingas are prepared, religious rituals like Rudrabhishek, Vedic enchantments and Bhagwat will be organised, and thereafter the Shivlingas will be immersed in the Ganga. The hole process will be repeated for seven days from February 17 to February 23, with a target of preparing at least 1.25 crore Shivlingas,\" added Shashtri.\"The same religious ritual was organised by Lord Rama at Rameshwaram before he killed the demon king Ravana. There are various occasions when this ritual is organised in masses for the peace and prosperity of the society. The main aim of this ceremony apart from praying for peace, prosperity and wellness of society and families is to aware youth about the culture and create an easy platform for them to understand these ancient practices,\" said Shashtri.According to him, around 70% of the participating devotees in the ceremony are youngsters. People of all castes, all ages and all economic background from Patna, Darbhanga, Kanpur, Lucknow, Varanasi and nearby villages and even cities like Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai, New Delhi are taking part in the event.Actor Ashutosh Rana, who was also found preparing clay Shivlingas with a group of young boys at the puja pandal at Townhall, said: \"I have been associated with Pandit Dev Prabhakar Bhakt Mandal since 1984, and this is the 59th Parthiv Shiv Linga Nirman Anushthan.\"According to Rana, who was spotted preparing the Shivlingas since early morning on Friday, \"Varanasi sirf shehar nahi balki ek teerth sthal hai aur teerth pe Shiv linga banaye jaaegne to ye shehar maha teerth ban jaaega (Varanasi is not only a city but a sacred place for pilgrims and if Shivlingas are prepared here, then the sacredness of the city will eventually increase).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11934036", "title": "Thackerays on a high, rivals get a jolt", "text": "MUMBAI: With every electoral showing , Raj Thackeray dispels whatever doubts sceptics have about his political mettle. They admit that the MNS chief may not get to play the coveted kingmaker's role this time in the BMC, but he is definitely the man to watch out for.That Sharad Pawar should take cognisance of the MNS' poll tally speaks a lot about Raj's leadership qualities, say political observers. \"The one who can show results is often criticised ,\" Pawar told a news channel interviewer when asked to offer his views on Raj. NCP insiders say Pawar may have plans to build bridges with the MNS chief.Raj's charisma was on display as he electioneered in Mumbai. His road shows were a rage. Everywhere , young crowds trailed him on motorbikes, stopping by to take his pictures on their mobiles. In some senses, he also set the tone of the poll debate. He asked the state election commissioner to announce the zilla parishad and municipal corporation poll results on the same day. Neela Satyanarayan accepted the idea. When Raj questioned the high court's decision not to allow political meetings in Mumbai's maidans, NCP heavyweight Ajit Pawar backed him. So did Bal Thackeray and Congress minister Narayan Rane's son Nitesh. Despite the poll performance, the MNS honcho will not have time to relax. He has to streamline the party, weed out unwanted elements, and study the causes of the debacle in some areas. By the by, he may also have to prepare for a visitor to his residence-Bal Thackeray.With wily Tiger at party helm, Sainiks roar their way to victoryThe Tiger purred with delight, watching his party's tally inch up steadily . The poll result ticker on the small screen had the Shiv Sena patriarch bewitched. \"Balasaheb is very happy with the Sena's performance ,\" said his grandson Aditya.Balasaheb added zing to the Sena campaign with his poll meeting at Bandra-Kurla Complex last week. He turned the tables on the Congress by taking on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan-who is considered responsible for scripting the Congress-NCP poll pact for the Mumbai civic election-with his characteristic wit.Observers argue that Chavan-the sober technocrat that he is-could not match Balasaheb's bald humour and his clever use of Marathi to rile the Congress.It was Balasaheb's quipssuch as \"My Shiv Sainiks are the vanishing cream. They will wipe out the Congress from Mumbai\" -that took the sting out of the Congress-NCP tie-up . Balasaheb is set to play a bigger role in his party ahead of the state assembly elections, say Sena watchers . His suggestion that Uddhav and Raj should come together is seen as an astute move to rejig the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance . Sources close to Matoshree say that Balasaheb has deputed his close confidante, former chief minister Manohar Joshi , to do the spadework for the Sena-MNS reunion.Battle of BMC won, son rises in Sena ranksUddhav Thackeray shed his characteristic sobriety on Friday and shared jokes with mediapersons at Sena Bhavan. \"Khane do, khane do. Unko bhi khane do,\" he quipped when a mediaperson asked if the MNS ate into Sena's vote bank. \"Don't mind, I want to celebrate today ,\" he added solicitously, reflecting his party's upbeat mood. It was time for The Cub to smile.Political observers say that the Sena's performance in the Mumbai and Thane civic polls will reaffirm Uddhav's credentials as the party's numero uno-after Balasaheb, that is. With his team in tow and with inputs from son Aditya, Uddhav worked out the Sena's poll campaign, even as he toured the state. No wonder then, his party leaders were full of praises for him. \"Uddhavsaheb has a great sense of planning. He trusts his colleagues to carry out the task,\" said Sena MLA Subhash Desai. Uddhav used his experience in advertising to hit upon the 'Karoon Dakhavle' campaign, which, Desai said, \"struck a positive note since it spoke about the Sena's developmental works and programmes in the BMC\" . Uddhav's post-poll priority will be to accommodate the party's senior team in the BMC as well as the 50-odd newcomers. Will he strike a pact with MNS chief Raj Thackeray? Sources close to Matoshree claimed that Uddhav is not keen on mending fences with his estranged cousin. Given the tally of the Sena-BJP-RPI combine in the civic poll, his inner circle too is averse to the idea.Chavan's plans derailed as hyped alliance fails to bring in votesThe significant political investment Prithviraj Chavan made in the Mumbai and Thane civic elections yielded little result as the two cities' voters gave a major setback to the low-profile chief minister's career.Soon after he took over the reins of the state in 2010, Chavan had drafted an ambitious plan to end Shiv Sena's 17-year-long reign at the BMC. At the behest of his party's high command, Chavan cobbled together an alliance with the NCP despite facing resistance from local leaders. He pacified the dissenters and the objectors and ensured that the rebellion in the ranks was minimal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933784", "title": "CBI chief stresses on global help to recover black money stashed abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday stressed the need for cooperation with international law enforcement agencies to trace and recover illegal wealth stashed abroad. \"In today's globalised context, effective international cooperation in essential for fighting corruption that transcends international boundaries. We need to engage with each other at all levels to effectively deal with those criminals indulging in corrupt practices at a multi-national level. This requires more effective cooperation among all the law enforcement agencies,\" CBI director A P Singh said.Singh said global cooperation will provide speed and efficiency in confiscation of black money and prosecution of criminals. \"Multi jurisdiction cross-border aspects of an investigation into corruption and international asset recovery involve numerous processes like tracing, freezing, confiscation and repatriation of proceeds stored in foreign jurisdiction. We must realixe that international cooperation is a two- way street, and is given on a reciprocal basis,\" he said while concluding the first Interpol global programme on anti-corruption and asset recovery.The first-of-its-kind conference was attended by about 38 delegates of 14 nations, including China, the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Indonesia.Though Singh had estimated that black money to the tune of Rs 24.5 lakh crore (around $500 billion) stashed abroad last Monday, he did not make a mention about the figure on Friday. The disclosure of estimates has evoked reactions from all quarters. On Friday, he also avoided media and quietly left the venue without taking any questions from the waiting reporters.\"The programme has further strengthened the perception that law enforcement officers in different parts of the world may don different uniforms, but their aim and objectives remain the same - to curb corruption, and equally important, to punish the offenders and recover the property earned through corrupt means,\" Singh said in his valedictory address to the participants.He hoped that participating officers will carry with themselves a \"resolve to further the efforts in tackling corruption and tracing illegal assets\".Secretary in the department of personnel and training P K Misra also stressed for seizing black money and properties made through corrupt means. \"Fight against corruption is incomplete unless we recover the illegal assets and wealth amassed by corrupt persons. The corrupt should be not only brought to book but their illegally amassed wealth should also be recovered and attached,\" Misra said. He said that property and wealth which is created through corrupt and illegal means is basically a fruit of crime and the guilty should not be allowed to enjoy these fruits.\"In my view, no fight against corruption is complete unless we recover and attach these illegal assets,\" Misra added asking the officers to fight corruption with all might.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11933312", "title": "Buddha sorry for anti-strike stance", "text": "KOLKATA: If the Bengal CPM had deviated from the Left agenda under his stewardship, it was Buddhadeb Bhattacherjee who accepted the criticism, and signaled the course correction on the third day of the CPM state conference in Kolkata on Friday.Bhattacherjee owned up the criticism and sent out the message that he meant it. \"I must tell you that the statement I made against strikes was wrong. What you all said is right. I realized it long ago. I will never make such a mistake in my life,\" the CPM politburo member said. His statement at a chamber of commerce meeting in 2008 caused a flutter among trade unions and Left supporters.He also appealed to comrades to come out of the mindset that the party needs to establish its hegemony in all spheres. \"Why should CPM dominate in all walks of life? We should change this mindset.\"Responding to questions on land acquisition, the former chief minister said: \"Land acquisition for industry didn't begin with Singur. The Left Front government was acquiring land since 1994, soon after Jyoti Basu announced the new industrial policy. In fact, the government acquired 6,000 acres after the Singur incident. But as our general secretary pointed out there was a change in the situation for quite some time. We should have been more careful in this regard. We should have mobilized our peasant wing and the public opinion before going for the acquisition.\" Bhattacharjee once again admitted that firing in Nandigram was unwarranted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11932377", "title": "Karnataka CM Sadananda Gowda's 287 aides cost exchequer Rs 70L every month", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka chief minister has 287 people, including principal secretary, advisors and dalayats (who do menial jobs), to assist him and together they take home Rs 70 lakh as salary every month. This excludes security personnel who guard chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda round the clock.An RTI query revealed there are 237 personnel for the CM at Vidhana Soudha, 21 people assist him at his home office 'Krishna' and 29 work at his home. Monthly salary for the 237 employees at Vidhana Soudha adds up to Rs 56.88 lakh.The CM's secretariat does not function in the secretariat, like other departments. It helps him discharge his duty as the chief executive.Sources said the number of people has gone up due to indiscriminate appointments from various departments and arbitrary recruitment of people who are close to officers, advisors and the CM on contract.Officers are drawn from the IAS, state service and other departments. Besides, persons were appointed on contract at the CM's office.The secretariat has different sections, including administration, development, CM's relief fund, nomination, government of India section, computer, press, Janaspandana Cell and inward and outward sections. Besides, officers above the undersecretary rank have separate personal establishments. \"It's for the efficient discharge of duties and responsibilities,\" the CM's secretariat said in response to the RTI query.CM's principal secretary I S N Prasad earns the highest salary - Rs 1,31,641 a month. M Lakshminarayana, principal secretary II, earns Rs 1,01,532 and economic advisor K V Raju's takes home Rs 1,10,852.CM's media advisor R P Jagadish has 12 people working at his office and press secretary N Bhrungeesh has 25 employees to help him. Prasad has 11 people, political secretary B J Puttaswamy and Raju have six people assisting them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11934140", "title": "Search on to trace correspondent of school where boy kills self", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have started a massive hunt for R K Ramsamy, the correspondent of RKR Higher Secondary School in Udumalpet where a 16-year-old schoolboy committed suicide by hanging on Wednesday. Ramasamy was absconding ever since the boy committed suicide, leaving behind three suicide notes saying that his economics teacher and correspondent were the reasons for his death.Economics teacher Maheswaran was arrested on Thursday night. He said never he had not punished the victim A Anooj, a native of Idayakottai village near Ottanchathiram in Dindigul district. He claimed that his only intention was to make the student competent in academics. Maheswaran said he was about to get married and the marriage was fixed for the first week of March. The arrest had affected his life, he said.Meanwhile, parents and public organized a protest march in Udumalpet on Friday evening to protest the delay in arresting the school correspondent. The correspondent was equally guilty, they said.Education department officers have directed the school management to reopen the school only after conducting a PTA meeting in which parents get their grievances addressed. The school management had approached the department saying any delay in reopening the school would adversely affect the academic performance of students sitting for the public exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11935216", "title": "India, US working together on Maldives: Nuland", "text": "WASHINGTON: Welcoming efforts of \"all sides\" to find a peaceful way forward in Maldives, US has said it was working closely with India in resolving the political impasse in the island nation.\"We welcome the efforts that all sides appear to be making to find a peaceful way forward,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference.\"We also welcome the ongoing dialogue among Maldivians regarding the role of a unity government in addressing these issues and possibly creating the conditions for early elections. We're continuing to urge all parties to work together to find a way through this,\" she said.Nuland said US has been closely coordinating with India, which has \"traditionally played a strong role\".\"Our understanding is that we are pretty well in lockstep with India in terms of calling for unity and calling for a democratic, peaceful path forward,\" she said.Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia , Robert Blake and his Indian counterpart were working very closely together on these issues, she said.Blake had recently travelled to Maldives to take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11933867", "title": "Traffic goes haywire in state capital", "text": "PATNA: The \" Global Summit on Changing Bihar\" had its impact on the Patnaites as they faced a lot of difficulties in reaching their destinations from different localities of the state capital as movement of vehicles was blocked during movement of VVIPs in the city.Though the Patna district administration had come out with a notice regarding ban on movement of vehicles during arrival and departure of the VVIPs, the people had to walk to reach their work places as several routes were blocked for safe passage of the VVIPs. People coming from Kankerbagh to the state capital on their vehicles were stranded as the entire Chiraiyatand over bridge was choked with vehicles.N Sinha, a native of Chitragupta Nagar at Kankerbagh, had to U turn his vehicle for reaching his office on Fraser Road via Rajendra Nagar as the entire bridge was jam-packed. He said that the cops were themselves diverting the vehicles on the plea that the bridge was already jampacked with vehicles. Mamta Kumari, a native of Rajiv Nagar, was furious as she had to walk to reach Fraser Road from Kidwaipuri. She said that she boarded a threewheeler from her residence and the auto driver after travelling through lanes and bylanes stopped at Kidwaipuri and asked the passengers to walk to their destinations as he was fed up with driving through lanes and by-lanes.P Kumar, an employee with a private firm and a resident of Boring Road, had a harrowing experience while reaching his office. \"I came out of my residence at around 4.35 pm. Traffic constables diverted my bike towards Bailey Road from Boring Road, which was already jampacked,\" he said and added that he turned towards Kidwaipuri, reached the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) and then to his office on Exhibition Road.\"Holding such an event is good for the state, but the district administration should also take care of the people, too, during such events,\" he remarked. Rahul Sharma, an engineering student at Bhopal, had to take lift from someone to reach his house at Ashiana Nagar. He had recently come to Patna and had gone to the State Bank of India (SBI), Fraser Road branch, for getting a new ATM card as his old one had developed some snag. As he reached the IT roundabout, he did not find any auto plying on the Bailey Road.\"I immediately contacted my father and requested him to reach IT roundabout and drop me at my residence,\" he said and added that when he found that his father was engaged in his work, he took lift from a biker to reach home. Ajay Kumar, a native of Nehru Nagar, was stuck in traffic snarl at Boring Canal Road on his four-wheeler. He had planned to enjoy a day with his family at Eco Park. \"If I had known that I would be struck in such a manner, I would have never ventured out of the house,\" he rued and added that the entire Boring Canal Road was jam-packed with vehicles moving very slowly.There was heavy deployment of traffic constables at every corner of the city to check movement of vehicles during VVIPs' movement. City SP Kim, who also holds the charge of traffic SP, said that the movement of traffic is stopped during movement of VVIPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11934046", "title": "I-T dept cracks down on ship-breaking firms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The income tax (I-T) officials on Friday cracked down on three Bhavnagar-based ship-breaking companies. A team of more than 200 officials carried out search and survey on 40 premises of the companies in Ahmedabad, Bhavnagar, Mumbai and Pune.I-T sleuths have seized Rs 80 lakh cash and sealed seven lockers during the operation, which continued till late evening.\"We carried survey at 23 premises and searched 17, including offices of Leela Ship Breaking, Shree Ram Group of Industries and Bansal Group. The companies are in the business of ship-breaking and steel re-rolling. In Ahmedabad, we searched a manufacturing unit at Vatva, an office at CG Road and two residential premises,\" a senior I-T official said.Officials said the companies are suspected of under billing and unaccounted sales.\"In 2010, Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) had busted a multi-crore excise duty evasion scam at Alang in which several ship-breaking companies were involved. Following the operation, several companies came under I-T scanner. We suspect that the companies undervalued the price of vessels coming for dismantling and sold the scrap and oil inside without invoices,\" the official said.During the operation, tax officials seized Rs 55 lakh cash from Mukesh Patel-promoted Shree Ram Group's Mumbai office. Sources said the department suspects that the money generated through unaccounted sale of scarp is routed back through bogus share capital. Officials said that all the three companies are veterans in ship-breaking and have shown healthy growth in their balance sheets.During the operation in 2010, Ahmedabad zonal unit of DGCEI has searched 18 premises of 11 ship-breaking companies in Alang. Investigations found that several companies were involved in large-scale under-valuation of excise duty and issuing of fake central value-added tax (Cenvat) invoices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11934184", "title": "Newcomers look ahead to civic housewarming", "text": "MUMBAI: As the results of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) polls were being declared on Friday, several new names emerged victorious , often at the cost of seasoned politicians.The heavyweights who lost in the elections included former mayor Milind Vaidya ( Shiv Sena ), Vinod Shekhar, Sameer Desai and Rajendra Chaube (Congress), Niyaz Vanu ( NCP) and Bhalchandra Shirsat ( BJP ), among a few others.Areas like Dadar, Mahim and Worli saw several instances of newcomers defeating old-timers . While Vaidya lost to MNS candidate Manish Chavan, Jayashree Tare (also from the Sena) was defeated by Shraddha Patil (MNS). Incidentally , both the successful MNS candidates were newcomers.Another upset was that of senior Congress leader Sada Sarvankar , who lost to MNS newcomer Virendra Tandel.One of the reasons for such a trend, said experts, was that the heavyweights contested from wards that were alien to them; this was necessitated by reservation. The subsequent political calculations ensured that several new names cropped up in wards across the city.For instance, H-West (Ward 97) was reserved for other backward class candidates and the Congress fielded Tanveer Patel who was elected to the Youth Congress only two years ago. He defeated Independent candidate Nilima Thakur by 5,923 votes. \"As the ward got reserved for OBCs, I got a chance. I got elected because I was actively involved in the party's work for the past couple of years. I would do whatever it takes to the improve the quality of life in my constituency , which has a large slum population,\" Patel said.Rupesh Waingankar, a newcomer from the MNS, defeated the NCP's Rajendra Mokal in Bhandup (S, Ward 108) by 1,186 votes. Overwhelmed by the attention he was receiving, Waingankar stood outside party chief Raj Thackeray's house sporting a rather shy look. \"I will deliver my best once I am sworn in,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932126", "title": "Decision on branded girl's custody on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Child Welfare Committee (CWC) will take a call on February 24 on whom to award the custody of the seven-year-old girl who was tortured and branded allegedly by her stepmother.Assistant inspector (Dharavi) Vishwanath Shelar said, \"The CWC will decide whether the victim should be sent to live with her grandparents, who are based in Bihar, or be admitted to a childcare centre in the city.\"The girl , who has a fracture in the middle finger of her left hand and injuries on her face, is undergoing treatment at JJ Hospital.Meanwhile, the stepmother, Aarti Thakur (24), is in jail as no one has come forward to bail her out. \"Initially, the accused was released on bail on February 2. A week later, a fresh application was filed before the Bandra court to revoke her bail, following which Aarti was arrested. She has confessed to assaulting and branding her stepdaughter,\" the crime,\" said DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni. On February 15, the court, while hearing Aarti's bail plea, had asked for two persons to stand surety. \"No one has come forward as yet to stand surety for her bail,\" added Kulkarni.The abuse came to light on February 1 when the victim ran out of her Dharavi home after being assaulted and branded with hot spoons by Aarti.A police officer said Menaka's stepmother was arrested by the Dharavi police for allegedly beating and branding her for more than two months after her father Sujit brought her in Mumbai from Muzzafarpur to get her enrolled in a school in the current academic year. \"The accused, in her statement, said she was annoyed with her husband's decision to bring the girl from Bihar. The girl was tortured so that she would complaint with her father to leave her back to her grandparents at Bihar,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11934183", "title": "State budget likely on March 19", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Finance minister K M Mani has postponed the state budget in the wake of the Piravom byelection.\"The state budget will be presented only after the byelection. The exact date will be announced later. Unless we pass the appropriation bill before March 31, the government will not be able to spend money for the next financial year,\" Mani said on Friday.It is learnt that the state government has written to the Election Commission requesting permission to present the budget on March 19, a day after Piravom byelection. Though the model code of conduct will be in effect till the counting is over, the government hopes to get a special sanction for presenting the budget on March 19.At the same time, the minister also said that the assembly session would commence with governor's address on March 1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11934098", "title": "Skywalk mooted at Thampanoor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Natpac team that studies the feasibility of monorail in the capital city will submit an ambitious project for a skywalk at Thampanoor. The skywalk has been mooted as a safe route for pedestrians and monorail passengers who travel between the proposed monorail station, KSRTC bus station, central railway station and city bus station at East Fort.Skywalk is a popular concept in developed countries and used as a connectivity medium between two or more city joints. The covered structure of the skywalk will give commuters protection from weather. The Natpac team is seriously considering skywalk as an alternative to the proposed foot over bridge at Thampanoor to connect the railway station and bus station.\"The proposed over bridge will connect railway station and bus station. It may be extended to the city bus station at East Fort. But, it won't be connected to the proposed monorail station at Thampanoor,'' said a source in the Natpac team. The proposed main monorail station will come up in front of Sreekumar theatre, which is about 300 metre away from central bus station and central railway station.The skywalk will connect the mono rail station with other rail and bus stations and thus ensure continuous connectivity. \"A passenger can directly come out of the monorail station which will be above the ground level and enter the skywalk. Then he can reach the KSRTC, railway or city terminal without being disturbed by the speeding vehicles,'' said the source. Another advantage is that East Fort can also be connected to the monorail route. \"There will be passengers reaching East Fort from the West. They will prefer monorail to travel to Palayam or Technopark if a safe walkway is provided,'' the source added.A multi-level parking area close to the proposed monorail station is also under the active consideration of the project team. \"Since Thampanoor is the connecting point for people coming from the South and the East, a parking lot is a must. The existing parking lots in Thampanoor have already gone beyond its capacity,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934015", "title": "Vigilant citizens alone can get work done, say activists", "text": "NAGPUR: \"The corporators have to be made to do their work properly,\" was the refrain among NGOs and activists as Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) election results were declared. \"The first step in making administration work is being aware ourselves. If we, the citizens, are not aware of rights and wrongs how can we detect the wrongdoings of corporators,\" said Karishma Galani, an animal rights activist.India Against Corruption (IAC) city coordinator Ajay Sanghi said that people needed to play a constructive role in order to make their representatives works. \"To keep a tab on corporators, we are stressing on two main points. One is formation of mohalla sabha and second is keeping constant tab on the work done in the area,\" said Sanghi. Mohalla sabha, Sanghi explained, was a version of the gram sabha in villages. He said that regular meetings with citizens of the ward must be held by the corporator and these mohalla sabha should decide the works that need to be done in an area. \"In this way, people would decide what work is to be done,\" said Sanghi.Secondly, IAC was encouraging people to file RTI queries and keep tab on the works done by their corporator. \"In this way, the corporator will know that s/he is under scrutiny and will be forced to work,\" he said.\"Giving them continuous feedback is the only way we can make them work,\" said Anil Kilor, president, Jan Manch. He jokingly added that boards reading out the candidate's pre-poll promises should be displayed in front of their offices in order to remind them of their commitments. \"Many times, an individual holds no power in front of political parties. That is where the role of NGOs start. If proper monthly or quarterly reports of the progress of various works are given to NMC, they will realize there are some people keeping a watch on them,\" Kilor said.Ravindra Kaskhedikar, secretary, Jan Akrosh, said that a vigilant citizen who reacted to policies instead of being a mute spectator was an important factor in keeping the corporators on their toes. \"We have to constantly pressure them for doing the right thing by protesting through different means like agitation and demonstrations against wrong moves,\" he said.He further said that NGOs played the role of a watchdog. \"We are above party politics and our only aim is the betterment of people. We have to make these corporators work. If they worked on their own, there would be no need for organisations like ours,\" said Kaskhedikar.\"To keep the corporation on its toes, we have to be on it's toes,\" said Dinesh Naidu, secretary, Parivartan Citizen Forum. He said that citizen have to constantly chase corporators and remind them of their poll manifestoes to get the good work done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11933970", "title": "One more arrested for Rs 1 crore theft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Kheda Local Crime Branch (LCB) arrested one more person in connection with Rs 1 crore theft from a Nadiad jewellery shop in January. Police have now intensified search for other accused in the case.The theft took place on January 17 when a group of thieves entered Kamla Jewellers in Amdavadi Bazaar of Nadiad and stole gold and silver jewellery and Rs 90,000 in cash, all worth Rs 1.09 crore. The thieves dislodged and decamped with the shop's safe. Police had earlier caught one of the accused Dilipsinh Zala alias Manoj (26), a resident of Chhipdi, Kathlal in Kheda district, with gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 20.03 lakh.\"We got a tip-off that a resident of Kathlal and another accused Chetan Rathod was standing near Piplaj Chowkdi to board a bus to Changa to meet his sister. We kept a watch and found him at 2.15 pm. He was nabbed from the spot and taken to police station for further questioning. During the probe, he confessed that he was one of the thieves and had stolen the cash and jewellery,\" inspector of Kheda LCB J S Chavda said.He added that Rathod had hidden the booty at his residence in Revatwad, his native. A team went on the spot with him and found 621 grams of gold jewellery worth Rs 15.53 lakh and 5.76 kilograms of silver jewellery worth Rs 2.7 lakh.Police said that they are now looking for the other four accused named by those arrested. \"We believe that they have not yet got time to dispose of the stolen goods due to police heat and are now trying to be away from homes. Search is on,\" a senior Kheda police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11932872", "title": "Now, regular house visit by nurses for newborns", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to reduce the infant mortality rate in the state, the medical, health and family welfare department has decided to direct government nurses to regularly visit houses where there are newborns.The state government is encouraging institutional deliveries by providing pregnant women \"cashless\" health services under the Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna (JSSY). Now, the department will follow the health of the newborns by visiting the houses.Director of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) Gayatri Rathore said, \"Now, we have started focusing on home-based neo-natal care. The auxiliary nurse midwives (ANM) will be trained and they will visit the house of the newborn frequently.\"It is often seen that parents became careless about the health of the infant and they do not take the babies to the hospital for regular check-ups. Also, they come to the hospital when the child develops complication,\" a department official said.In the first 42 days of birth, the ANM would make six visits to the house of the infant. Since, an ANM has all the information about pregnant women in her/ his jurisdiction; it will help the department to provide better medical facilities to the new born, the official said.The nurse would check the health of the infant and if any health problem is found, the nurse would take the infant to primary health centres and community health centres in the rural areas. The government has also opened facility based newborn care centres, sick newborn care units and malnutrition treatment centres in the state where the sick children would get treatment.In Rajasthan, 55 infants die under one year of age per 1,000 live births, according to the latest Union health ministry data. The state is targeting to bring it down to 30 by the end of 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934092", "title": "Another round of identification", "text": "times news networkCHANDIGARH: Kamal Chauhan, 28, one of the prime accused in the Samjhauta Express blast case, will be taken to different parts of Madhya Pradesh, Haryana and Delhi by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) sleuths for identification of other accused and to collect more evidence related to the case. Chauhan, who is a resident of Moorkheda village near Indore in Madhya Pradesh, was arrested on February 12 from Noida in Uttar Pradesh.\"During the course of investigation, it was revealed that Kamal had knowledge about the larger conspiracy and facts related to the case,\" said R K Handa, senior special public prosecutor, NIA. According to NIA records, Chauhan and another accused Sunil Joshi had taken training at an arms training camp at Bagli in Dewas (in Madhya Pradesh) in January 2006. They had taken training in bomb making and demonstrations were also shown to them in some hilly area of Madhya Pradesh.Then in April 2006, both of them took arms training at Karni Singh shooting range in Faridabad. NIA officials said that Kamal could be taken to these weapon training camps for further identification of other accused.Kamal was brought to Panchkula court on February 14 by the NIA after obtaining transit remand from a UP court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11932143", "title": "'Innocent Adnan's murder going unpunished'", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as he mentioned in a 125-page judgment copy that those accused of murdering Adnan Patrawala should be given the benefit of the doubt, additional sessions judge Sanjay A Deshmukh lamented that the 16-year-old's murder was not yet punished.\"It will not be out of place to mention that unfortunately innocent Adnan's murder is going unpunished. It is painful. But I cannot sway away by a shocking and revolting crime. I have to consider the case on the basis of the evidence adduced before me and the fact, situation and circumstances placed before me. I hold that the prosecution failed to prove the charges,\" Judge Deshmukh said.deserved the benefit of the doubt, in a, sessions judge Sanjay A Deshmukh lamented the fact that the 16-year-old's murder was still unpunished. \"It will not be out of place to mention that unfortunately innocent Adnan's murder is going unpunished. It is painful. But I cannot sway away by shocking and revolting crime. I have to consider the case on the basis of the evidence adduced before me and the fact situation and circumstances placed before me. I hold that the prosecution failed to prove the charges,\" Judge Deshmukh said.On January 30, a sessions court acquitted Sujit Nair, Ayush Bhat, Rajiv Dhariya and Amit Kaushal of kidnapping and murdering Adnan in 2007. The prosecution had said that on 19 August, 2007, the four and a minor kidnapped Patrawala, the son of a businessman in Andheri. Adnan had left home a day earlier. The five allegedly strangled Patrawala and dumped his body in his car on Palm Beach Road in Vashi after the police got wind of their extortion plot; the five had kidnapped Adnan and planned to extort Rs 2 crore as ransom from his father. The prosecution had presented key witness Dylan Dias, a common friend, who allegedly heard them hatching the conspiracy of murder and kidnap at a mall in Malad. But the court said the evidence was not probable or believable. \"Conspiracy to kill the person cannot be hatched in such a manner and in such a fashion and at a place which is accessible to all, that too, in presence of the victim, Adnan,\" the court said. The court expressed surprise that the prosecution came up with such a case that the conspiracy was hatched in front of Adnan.The court also pointed to instances where the prosecution had withheld information or not produced it in court.Referring to the call records, which the court said, were supposed to be the most clinching and independent documentary evidence, Judge Deshmukh said the prosecution had not explained how the details had connected the accused to Adnan's murder and kidnap. \"I have gone through the record, their evidence and the call details but they do not disclose that any of the accused called the deceased, Adnan, or his father or brother from their alleged cellphones from the night of August 18, 2007 till their arrests,\" the court said.Refuting the conspiracy theory, the court said, \"From call records, it cannot be inferred whether all the accused were at the same place, making calls to each other or they were at the places mentioned above from where Adnan's mobile was used to make threat callsto the informant.\"It said evidence did not show the accused and Adnan were close friends as suggested by the prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11933118", "title": "Alumni thank teachers with the gift of health", "text": "CHENNAI: It was to be a simple celebration to mark the group completing 20 years of schooling at the Hindu Senior Secondary School, Triplicane. But, when the alumni heard the news of a student who murdered his teacher, they knew they wanted to do something for their teachers to show how much they loved them.The former students arranged a master health camp, 'Love Your Hearts,' to be held on Sunday at the school for all former and current teaching and non-teaching staff. Around 90 teachers are expected to take part. The oldest person likely to attend the camp is 85-year-old Andal.\"Even after two decades we love our teachers and remember they were the people who moulded us into what we are now. We wanted to show we care for them,\" said Rajesh Singhvi, an alumnus.Teachers will be required to come to the school to give blood while fasting and have their breakfast. They will then be taken in batches to a lab on Poonamallee High Road for other tests.The alumni, who have pooled in around 1.5 lakh for the event, hope it will become an annual feature. They managed to get a discount on the health check-up, which costs around 2,600 from the diagnostic centre.They also convinced the lab to give them a privilege card that the teachers can use to get a 20% discount on tests for a year, and any subsequent tests recommended by the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11932493", "title": "Computer skills made must for Karnataka babus", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government has announced measures to ensure that all its employees and officers have a working knowledge of computers.The cabinet meeting on Friday decided that employees and officers would have to take a computer literacy test within three years of the rules being gazetted. If they fail this test, they are not eligible for a promotion. They get another chance but if they still can't pass it within four years, they won't get an annual increment.\"A one-time incentive of Rs 5,000 will be given to employees who pass the test with good marks,\" law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11933800", "title": "India for early polls in Maldives to restore normalcy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India believes that a decision to hold early elections in the Maldives has had a calming effect on the protests in the island. It will also keep a Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group at bay, preventing it from passing strictures on the Maldives' coup that the new government in Male is keen to avoid. During his stay in Male, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai is also believed to have cautioned former president Nasheed from carrying on protests for long.However, it's also optimistic to believe that Nasheed will not continue some form of protests. Latest reports say, MDP (Nasheed's party) activists have been urged to continue protests until the poll dates have been announced.But announcing the election date - largely believed to be slated for coming November - is not the only impediment for the new government. According to the Maldives' constitution, such an election can only be for the remainder of the term. But India does not believe the Maldives can go through another election in a year's time. So the constitution has to be amended either before or after the elections for the polls to have credibility. Hence, the effort is to have a national unity government that will work on the amendment before the elections to bring every political party is on board.In a discussion paper for the way forward, written by the new president Mohammed Waheed, he says, \"In the interests of national reconciliation and to encourage harmony between our citizens, the Government of National Unity will hold discussions with all relevant parties to conduct elections by an early date. The Government of National Unity will work towards the conditions that will permit such elections to take place including any necessary constitutional amendments.\"Waheed has also promised that \"the Government of National Unity will establish an independent mechanism to investigate the recent developments, including the circumstances of the transfer of power. This investigation shall also extend to the events leading up to these developments and offer lessons to be learnt for them, including steps that may be taken to prevent instability in the future.\"But it's now clear that the man pulling the strings from the background is former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom - a number of his proteges now dot Waheed's government. He was expected to have returned to the Maldives earlier this week, but is keeping himself out of sight, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11933744", "title": "Violence on counting day", "text": "NASHIK: Counting for the civic polls began at 9am but at snail's pace, pushing the deadline from afternoon to late evening.At Nashik Road, the results for the first ward were declared at the divisional office after 11am, and the counting at the other wards took equally long.Volunteers from different political parties created quite a ruckus before the results for ward 58 were announced. Supporters of RPI (A) candidate Sunil Wagh had been screaming so much that they had to be quietened time and again by poll officials.Stone-pelting and minor scuffles took place in ward 59 when MNS candidate Ramesh Dhongade was declared the winner. The police were informed and the situation was brought under control.Minor scuffles also took place in front of the Nashik Road divisional office after results were announced, with volunteers attacking each other. Security intervened and brought the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11937001", "title": "B\u2019wood calling for Tamannaah", "text": "Looks like Tamannah is in great demand in Bollywood.The actress, who debuted in the industry with Chand Sa Roshan Chehra, has been getting several Hindi film offers, the latest reportedly being Ajay Devgn's Himmatwala. But the Ayan actress seems to be eager to do a Tamil film first.Talking to Chennai Times, Tamannaah's father says, \"She has, till date, received four offers from Bollywood. But she hasn't given her nod to anything yet. She is busy with Rachaa, Edhukante Premanta and Rebel in Telugu now. Though we are considering the offers from Bollywood , Tamannaah's eager to do a film in Tamil first. It has been a long while since she did a Kollywood project, the last being Venghai with Dhanush. This is an important phase in her career, and whatever film she chooses to sign will not be based on the language. The script and the character will be the driving force.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932038", "title": "BJP-Shiv Sena wins Mumbai municipal polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Friday suffered a setback on Friday, with the Shiv Sena-BJP combine winning the prestigious municipal polls in Mumbai and adjoining Thane in a contest which consolidated the position of Sena rebel Raj Thackeray as an independent force in Maharashtra.Raj Thackeray's MNS grabbed 28 seats in Mumbai -- impeding Sena's effort to score a fourth straight outright win -- notched up 29 seats in Pune and was leading the pack in Nashik, with the established contenders lagging behind. BJP was ahead in party chief Nitin Gadkari's hometown of Nagpur, while the Congress-NCP combine led the race in Solapur, Amravati and Pimpri Chinchwad.The saffron combo held on to the Mumbai municipal body with Sena winning 75 seats and BJP 32 as against Congress and NCP winning 50 and 14 respectively. Although the tally of the winning combination, which included the Athawale faction of RPI, fell short of the magic figure in the 227-strong body, it was expected to make up the deficit with the support of Independents and others.While MNS's performance should worry Sena and can lead to calls for unity among the estranged Thackeray cousins -- Raj and Uddhav -- the results spell a bigger concern for Congress. It was odds-on favourite in the elections to BMC, the country's richest municipal body with a budget bigger than those of states like Goa and Uttarakhand. Unlike last time, it contested the polls in league with NCP. More importantly, after three lacklustre stints and with the insurgent MNS having taken away a chunk of its core, it looked an election for Sena-BJP to lose.Party strategists may be forced to ponder whether the Mumbai defeat is indicative of the mood of urban India. Maharashtra has a large urban landscape, and the failure in urban civic bodies could impact future elections, especially if the palpable sentiment against the party whipped up by civil society was in play in Mumbai.Maharashtra apart, the disappointment could not have come at a worse time since Uttar Pradesh is in the middle of crucial assembly elections. Sources felt the setback could impact the floating voters in coming legs of voting, especially as the polls shift to western pockets with urban voters. The fear is compounded by increased voting in towns of UP.The tidings were not good for Congress even from rural areas of Maharashtra, with its not-so-dependable ally NCP besting it in zila parishad polls. NCP bagged 525 of the total 1639 seats while Congress secured 457. BJP got 198 seats.In the panchayat samiti polls, NCP got 1,026 of the total 3,252 seats. Congress bagged 866, BJP 404 and Shiv Sena 497 seats.Congress snatching defeat from the jaws of a victory in Mumbai and Thane, coupled with the fact that it could not make the most of Raj playing the spoiler for the saffron combine is sure to cause disquiet. The results to the Mumbai body may not hold a trend. It has stayed with the saffron combo even as Congress-NCP successively marginalized the rivals in Lok Sabha and assembly elections in the last decade. Some AICC managers said local elections in Maharashtra have always shown a preference for local outfits.But senior party sources acknowledged that the results were troubling, as they vowed to do an inquest into the reasons. Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who had framed the elections as the semi-final to the Lok Sabha and state polls, expressed surprise and conceded defeat. \"The result is surprising... unexpected. We tried to consolidate secular votes but could not meet with desired outcome,\" he said.The results are unlikely to impact the position of Chavan who raised the stakes in the battle with strong words about Shiv Sena's \"looming irrelevance\". It would, however, correct his position which was boosted by victories in zilla panchayat polls earlier.Thane-Mumbai accounts for a big chunk of assembly seats while Congress swept Mumbai in Lok Sabha because of Raj Thackeray's MNS cutting into Shiv Sena votes. This time, Shiv Sena managed to win in Mumbai corporation despite MNS performing well, raising fears that the fledgling outfit had begun to cut into the Congress base too.The failings will form the focus of the Congress review which would be announced in coming days, AICC sources said.The biggest concern, however, remains the vanishing Congress leaders in the crucial state. Scams felled bigwigs like Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan while there is virtual stagnation and sidelining of Sushil Kumar Shinde and the chief minister seems on an extended learning curve. All this has starved the party of good mobilizers. A corrective is seen as urgent, lest the party fell behind ally NCP.Congress sources said it was unfortunate that Mumbai hijacked the civic election results since the party had earned majority in two corporations and would rule the third too, besides increasing its overall tally statewide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "11932829", "title": "Answer keys must be shared under RTI", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The Central Information Commission has directed Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research in Puducherry to provide the question paper along with answer key of an entrance exam conducted by it for admission. The landmark order that came on an RTI petition could bring greater transparency to the high-stress entrance test system.Access to papers and answer keys would help aspirants, both current and future, understand what and why they were getting wrong and help prepare for such tests better.The order will apply to all entrance exams in India. The RTI application was filed by Puducherry Government Medical Officers' Association general secretary Dr K Sudhakar.Puducherry Government Medical Officers' Association general secretary Dr K Sudhakar filed an RTI application with the JIPMER public information officer (PIO), seeking a copy of the question paper along with answer key of the entrance examination held in July 2011 for admission into MCh in urology. PIO James Sekar denied the information on the ground that it was not the practice of the institute to share question papers of entrance tests. Sudhakar then approached the first appellate authority, which declared that it was \"satisfied with the PIO's reply.\" Undeterred, Sudhakar moved the CIC. Central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, after hearing the case through videoconference, ordered the PIO to furnish a copy of the question paper with answer key by February 10. Gandhi, in his January 23 order, pointed out that the right to information is a fundamental right.When the PIO said there was a possibility that the information sought may have been destroyed, the commissioner warned that destruction of information sought under the RTI Act will have \"serious repercussions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11934392", "title": "Congress says no mining moratorium", "text": "PANAJI: Congress in Goa said it will not support a moratorium on mining, while most other political parties reacted with caution to the Madhav Gadgil-led Western Ghats ecology experts panel recommendation of an indefinite moratorium on new environmental clearances for mining in ecologically sensitive zones.State Congress president Subhash Shirodkar said, \"The Gadgil committee report has been submitted to the central government. Let them take a view on it. I think the UPA government is quite capable of taking a decision on it.\" Asked if the party would support a moratorium, Shirodkar said, \"We won't support a moratorium.\" TOI first reported about the Gadgil panel report.BJP's Wilfred Mesquita would not comment specifically on the Gadgil report. He told TOI \"We are not against mining but if any mining is environmentally damaging, or against environmental interests, we are against it. We are against illegal mining.\"Talking to TOI, NCP state president Surendra Sirsat said, \"My party is in favour of protecting the environment. Since mining is part of the Goan economy we support legal mining but vehemently oppose illegal mining. Even though we are part of the government, my party is not in favour of anything illegal.\"\"As far as my party is concerned, whatever steps have to be taken on illegal mining or transportation of ore from Karnataka we will take,\" Sirsat said. He said his party would advocate a ban on all illegal mining.Goa Vikas Party general secretary Lyndon Monteiro said, \"I don't think a complete ban would solve the problem. A lot of people are directly or indirectly dependent on mining.\" Monteiro called for a ban on illegal mining and seemed to favour a moratorium in ecologically sensitive areas. \"We must understand that the environment it the most important thing,\" he added.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11934502", "title": "Students learn cyber safety", "text": "Reporter's club of Carmel Convent School, Sector 9, Chandigarh and C-DAC, a Mohali-based firm specializing in cyber security, organized a seminar on cyber safety in school premises on Friday. People from C-DAC Mohali guided students about internet, viruses, operating systems and detection of intrusion of third party on a system and its prevention. Club members performed skits to spread awareness on virtual presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11932278", "title": "1984 riots: Lawyer questions threats to Sajjan Kumar, writes to top cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: A lawyer, representing the victims of the 1984 riots case, has written a letter to the Delhi Police commissioner requesting him to verify the authenticity of alleged threats to Congress leader Sajjan Kumar before shifting his trial from a court to Tihar Jail.In a letter to B K Gupta, senior advocate H S Phoolka has suggested that cops should consult agencies like the Intelligence Bureau and the Intelligence Wing of Punjab Police before taking any decision.He told the police to make sure that the alleged security threats are not \"self-generated reports by Sajjan Kumar to attract public attention and gain sympathy\".Referring to a recent letter written by Delhi Police to the district and sessions judge for shifting Kumar's trial from Karkardooma court complex to Tihar Jail on security grounds, the advocate said he has no objection to the shifting of the trial if it involves the security of Karkardooma court complex where the trial is going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11933809", "title": "Surgeons meet begins in city", "text": "KANPUR: Three-day annual workshop on orthopaedic advancements, organized by Uttar Pradesh Orthopaedic Association, UPOrthocon-2012, began here on Friday.The event was inaugurated by Dr Satyanand Jha, who is the first MS orthopaedic of India. Kanpur University vice-chancellor Ashok Kumar was the chief guest.UPOrthocon organizing secretary AS Prasad said that latest technique to treat sciatica, slipped disc and backache and advancement in surgeries and latest technologies will be discussed by the experts.Dr Mandeep S Dhillon, head, department of orthopaedics, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, who will also be the special speaker on Saturday, said that its difficult to deal with Indian orthopaedic cases as the patient want to sit on floor, using Indian toilets and other typical works done in India. \"It's difficult to deal with ortho trauma. It becomes worse when neglected in early stages,\" he added.Dr Dhillon has treated the joint problem of Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar.Dr Harpreet S Gill from Apollo Hospital said that he would discuss the latest trends in hereditary bone ailments and minimally invasive spine surgery (MISS). The conference would also discuss neglected conditions in orthopaedics and bone deformities in accidental cases.Dr IPS Oberoi, orthopaedic expert from Gurgaon said that doctors should be able to diagnose and treat conditions which otherwise go neglected and realized much later, leading to crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11933234", "title": "Schools devise de-stress modules", "text": "In the run-up to the exams, schools face the challenge of not just covering portions but also keeping students with fraught nerves calm. Teachers and school heads say this is a tightrope walk, and that one slip could have severe consequences. All have their own strategies for the situation.Zion Group of Schools correspondent N Vijayan said he requests people from middle class backgrounds who have succeeded through hard work to motivate students. This year, he brought C Sylendra Babu, inspector general of police (north zone), to talk about preparing for the exams. \"At the end of the session it wasn't just the students, even the teachers were inspired. They showed a lot of enthusiasm,\" Vijayan said.Madras Christian College Higher Secondary School ensures students have a suitable atmosphere to focus on studies. \"We monitor Class 12 students but do not intrude on their method of study,\" said headmaster and correspondent G J Manohar.Some schools said parents also had the responsibility of ensuring their children were not stressed, and to identify when they were feeling nervous or scared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11933668", "title": "AU to host seminar on philosophy", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A national seminar on 'Knowing eastern and western philosophy', sponsored by department of special assistance programme ( SAP), UGC and Indian Council of Philosophical Research ( ICPR) would be held at department of philosophy, Allahabad University.The coordinator of the programme said that the inauguration would take place on February 20. Former V-C RP Mishra will be the chief guest. DN Dwivedi, former professor and head, philosophy department, will be be the guest of honour, Godabarish Mishra of philosophy department, University of Madras, will deliver the keynote address and Prof AK Singh, vice-chancellor, will preside over the inaugural session and deliver the presidential address.Lecture: A special lecture was organised at the department of economics on Friday. Gopalji Yadav, former chief economic advisor, IMF , delivered a special lecture. The lecture was organised under SAP-III DRS-II programme of the department.Gopalji outlined major aspects of the macroeconomic policy and various constraints in the framing of major macroeconomic policies. He focused on the problem of imperfect information, uncertainty and risk of the market. He said the monetary policy is the way by which money can channelize the economy. After the lecture, an open discussion was held between the speaker and audience. Head of the department Jagdish Narayan and other teachers were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11934410", "title": "Cong leads polls in Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress led the tally by bagging 14 seats in the zilla parishad in Gadchiroli district with guardian minister RR Patil's Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) winning nine seats. While BJP finished third securing eight seats. The scenario was the same in the panchayat samiti polls in the district.Elections to 49 zilla parishad and 98 panchayat samiti seats were conducted in two phases in the 11 talukas of the district. While the Congress managed to improve its position from nine to 14 in comparison to the last election, NCP came down by eight seats.Shiv Sena earned a couple of seats, Yuvashakti fared well in the north, where they won four seats. Down south, Congress swept the polls at Dhanora.The party is also slated to form the zilla parishad body in Wadsa Desaiganj and Armori. BJP also secured a seat there.In an unpredictable turn of events, both zilla parishad president Ravindra Ollalwar and vice president Gajendra Ganwarpawar lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11932661", "title": "Fire at Malda lodge", "text": "MALDA: Bedding dumped in the room of a tourist lodge at Rathbari in Malda caught fire on Thursday night. Lodge employees brought the fire under control as fire brigade failed to reach the spot. The cause of the fire is still unknown.Around 9pm, a thick cloud of black smoke was seen coming out of the window of a room. Boarders immediately rushed out in panic. Later it was found that rejected bedding dumped in a room had caught fire. Fire brigade was informed. Meanwhile, workers and boarders at the lodge managed to control the blaze within half an hour.Rentu Mitra, a lodge employee, said a wedding reception was to be held at the lodge on Friday because of which some rooms were cleared of pillows and blankets which were dumped in another. It caught fire by chance.Umesh Sing, manager of Malda Tourist Lodge, said, \"We are still clueless as to how the beddings caught fire. First we thought it was a short circuit. But we found the electric lines fine. We called the fire brigade repeatedly but they never came.\" He conceded that extinguishers kept in the lodge were outdated. \"We have no internal measures to prevent fire and had already informed the higher authorities,\" he said.Englishbazar MLA Krishnendu Choudhury reacted sharply to the incident, \"Whenever fire breaks out in an institution, an enquiry is held. If the institution is found to be at fault, a case is registered against them.\" Regarding the lack of fire safety measures at the lodge, Choudhury said: \"I'll write to tourism minister Rachpal Singh.\"Responding to allegations against the fire brigade, Dibyendu Sen, officer in charge, said: \"I'm out of station. But there is no reason why the fire brigade would not reach the spot at 9pm. I'll certainly look into this matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11933535", "title": "Two students drown in Periyar river", "text": "KOCHI: Two plus-two students from St. Joseph's School, Thrikkakara, were drowned in Periyar near Eloor on Friday afternoon. The students were identified as Antony Tony (16), son of Josi, Thaiparambil House, Pachamana Eloor and Sachi Vinayak (16), son of Geetha, Parakkadavu Village officer.They, along with three other friends were, swimming near the IAC-Powerloom banks when the two were washed away by a sudden gush of water, said police sources. The police and the local residents who joined the rescue operation located the body of Antony. Search for Sachi's body is on. The students had been at Sachin's home for combined studies for the forthcoming board examinations. They went for a swim around 3.15pm when the mishap occurred.The residents who participated in the rescue operation said the spot where the students drowned was a dangerous spot as strong undercurrents are experienced most of the time. \"Several spots near the river bank were heavily sand mined and hence making the waters deep in these spots. So the chances of a person drowning in a sudden undercurrent are very high,\" said Purushan Eloor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-18"}
